user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,493340,32640856,Posted: 22 June,all,Geremij,"10/10 RecommendPros:+ The developers keep updating the game for free (third one so far)+ A lot of different scenarios and other modes+ Possibility for so much uniqueness and creativity. I never realised how creative I was, but this game is pushing my potential!+ Workshop content. Sometimes, I am unable to create super-awesome things, but luckily, hundreds of other people can and they upload all their creative creations online!Cons:- Requires a lot of time and patience to practice the placing of objects and creating your artistic vision- I find that there is a limiting restriction on building walls and roofs, which might leave you a bit dissatisfied. I am sure there is a work-around by using much more objects as resources, but it is more tedious than I'd like it to be.TLDR: Amazing game, get it as long as you can be patient to learn and to explore your creativity."
76561198023552370,Recommended,493340,26682578,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Brokennoze,Does for RollerCoaster Tycoon. what Cities Skylines did for SimCity. Its the one to own.
,Recommended,493340,30924026,Posted: 3 April,all,PatrickS,"Going into Planet Coaster I had high expectations. I hadn't played theme park games for a while and heard great things about Planet Coaster. Besides that, It's from the developers of Rollercoaster Tycoon 3.  Starting out I decided to try the career mode, something I recommend all of you to do. It explains the basics of the game throughout all of the missions and shows you a bit what the game has to offer. At first, the game seemed flawless. Everything about it was perfect. But although Planet Coaster is one of the best games i've played in while, it has it's flaws.So what exactly are these flaws i'm talking about and are they really that important for your experience? Well.. That depends on why you're buying Planet Coaster.The main flaw with the game seems to be the management system. At first it seems great, but soon enough you'll find out it doesn't really have that much depth in it.Now is it really all that bad? No. there's still a decent amount of management to be done. From choosing the prices of your rides to deciding how much salt you wanna sell on those delicious frites. Unfortunately sometimes you get the feeling not every decision you make in the management part of the game really matters all that much.The game is more build focussed. With a ton of scenery items you can pretty much create/recreate everything you want. And building is really well done. Yea it has it flaws, like objects needing to be split from a building in order to rotate/place it properly etc. but overall it works really good. Often enough i found myself casually building looking at the clock only to realize i've already been working the whole night on this small building since the game offers you so much options. A few downsides to the building system however are: Water being really hard to place and creating coasters can be difficult thanks to the Fear/Excitement/Nausea ratings.Now 1 thing needs to be said when writing a review about Planet Coaster. the game looks absolutely gorgous! The cartoonish style, the water effects, the lights at night, the details and animations. It's just looks perfect. The game runs really smooth aswell, until... you start building a real park from scratch. At first everything seemed to run great, but after a couple of thousand objects the game starts to lagg/stutter especially when zooming in or out. And yea, you will have thousands of objects in your park. Creating a ride will easily put you at 1-2 thousand objects. But i still found myself walking/flying through my own park often enough just because everything looks and sounds so amazing. Because yea, the sound in this game is amazing aswell. People cheering, the water and all of the different ride sound effects make it feel like a real theme park.The support this game gets is insane, and it gives me hope. Apparently there are still developers out there that care about their game after release. Lots of free updates with bug fixes, new scenery, new rides/coasters and even new mechanics are are being released every couple of weeks. Next to these amazing updates, the developers actually take time to interact with the players. They listen to what their fans want and every week they feature the best creations placed on the workshop in their stream.Before buying, just keep in mind, this game is aimed mostly towards building. This requires you to be a bit creative otherwise you'll find yourself with a lack of ideas since the game doesn't have that much premade scenery/rides. However, the workshop makes up for that part in my opinion. Besides that i highly recommend this game. It's probably one of the best, if not the best theme park game you'll found out there, atleast for me it is."
,Recommended,493340,32910380,Posted: 27 June,all,Growlo,Pros:- Sandbox Mode- Story mode- Steam workshop- Coaster building system- The amount of detail that can go into customizing something- Frontier Studios helped- No DLC- Free Updates- A good Time Waster- Can optimize on A bad Graphics card (I have a GeForce 640)Cons:- I didnt buy this sooner
,Recommended,493340,26727845,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Raum,"The Rollercoaster Tycoon games were near and dear to my heart growing up. I love management and tycoon games, and for whatever reason the magic of theme parks made a really great video game. I’ve lost hours and hours to the scenarios in RCT 1, building in the sandbox in RCT 2, and playing with various trainers to break the game how I see fit. RCT 3, however, marked a rough transition into 3D. There were a lot of problems with the game, and I honestly never enjoyed them very much.There’s business drama of some sort with the ownership of the name of the game, and there actually is an Atari published successor to RCT 3 called Rollercoaster Tycoon World, but apparently the verdict is that the entire thing is a hot mess. The folks who developed RCT 3, Frontier Development, went on to create Planet Coaster as a spiritual successor to the RCT series.Although I didn’t enjoy RCT 3 very much, I’ve really loved my time with Planet Coaster, and I can already tell that I’m going to be spending a nasty amount of time with this game. There is a lot to digest here, and I think that a lot of the criticisms I have won’t apply to the majority of people who would be interested in buying this game. I think it is necessary to give the game two ratings – one for casual folks who are looking for a fun tycoon game, and one for people who have a Drexler patched copy of RCT 1.It really seems as if Frontier aimed to make this game primarily a sandbox game with a dependence on user-generated content. The campaign is amazingly short, and some missions can actually be finished in a matter of seconds on accident. There are tons of coaster types, shop types, and scenery objects but very few ploppable pre-built options. The shops you can place down are little 1x1 generic box-shaped grid pieces that are clearly meant to be built upon, and the game also defaults you into a building view for constructing something around it. Very few sample coasters exist to play with. There are tons of generic scenery and building blocks for building cool stuff, though. If you’re willing to spend hours building things, you’re in luck!The workshop support is really easy. You open it up in the shift+tab menu, subscribe to something, and it is immediately in your game. The workshop tagging needs a lot of cleaning up right now, and it can be difficult to find quality content. Even though the integration is pretty simple, it isn’t very fun to go hunting for good content to use in your maps. The really complex workshop items also sometimes come unfinished due to built-in limits the workshop has, which makes me wonder because this game really emphasizes the user-created content aspect. I’ve downloaded more than one item that requires me to build the roof, or place the paths, and it can get really frustrating to finish these things sometimes. Downloading maps and other things that people have worked on is a lot of fun, there are some really incredible things out there.A huge problem I had with RCT3 is that building precisely in a 3D space is difficult. I have similar problems with Cities: Skylines when compared to Simcity 4; 3D spaces end up with weird curves and other buggy moments when building things. Planet Coaster is also victim to this. You’ll probably end up with lots of oddly shaped pathways and coaster supports. This is a difficult problem to explain but it becomes really evident when you’re trying to connect curved pathways together that are at slightly different angles. They’ll never couple together cleanly and leave weird gaps.I have a lot of Quality-of-life problems that I wish this game had. I wish I could have my coasters constantly testing without a janky workaround, and I wish I could run ghost trains instead of constantly crashing real trains. If I’m in a scenario trying to build a coaster, it’s goofy that I can keep crashing my trains and hitting the peeps and nobody seems to mind. I feel like nobody on earth wants to delete their entire roller coaster when they hit the “delete” key while placing paths after they built a coaster. The UI is really ugly and feels like it is in beta still, and it is tough to navigate to find what I need.I feel like the way the game measures stats for rides is somewhat broken, because I’ll have a coaster that has a great rating up until the last ten seconds where it brakes going into the station and slows down, and that little section will kill the average of my coaster making everyone think it is boring. I had a coaster in one map with a 135mph top speed and a 100 meter drop with tons of twists and lots of great moments, but because the last thirty seconds were a slow moment to ease back into the station, people in my park thought it was boring and avoided riding it. I used to be able to build incredible coasters in RCT1/2 (9+ excitement), but I can’t seem to break 5 excitement in Planet Coaster.I have a lot of things I could say about this game, but ultimately Steam has a review limit, so I’m going to wrap it up.I would not recommend this game if you are looking for a management game, or if the scenarios were the meat of your playtime in RCT1. You’ll likely blow through the scenarios very quickly, and you’ll definitely be frustrated at the lack of ploppable coasters and buildings. If you don’t enjoy sitting down to work on the right angle to bank your coasters, I would probably recommend skipping this game.If you’re looking for a really hardcore sandbox to spend hours building the monster roller coaster of your dreams, this is probably your game. After all of your hard work setting up trigger points, banking turns, measuring speed, you can sit down and ride your coaster. Riding things is pretty damn fun after all your work is done.If you also like to download things from the workshop, and think you could get a lot of fun out of downloading crazy things that people have spent hours working on, you could probably eek some good time out of this.I have a tough time giving a good rating to this game, but I also don’t feel like it is a bad game. I feel like it is a lazy game. I don’t get why they didn’t include more ploppable samples for players to use. There are tons of coaster types, at least two dozen, and then there are something like seven sample coasters. That’s just silly, and these depressing numbers carry over to every part of the game. I don’t get why there are only nine measly scenarios. The sandbox maps the game ships with are boring flatlands. The whole thing feels janky.But I know the potential this game has. With very little time since the game has released, folks have already build some incredible stuff. I’m very curious what is to come.Whether or not you'll like this game boils down to whether or not you like intense creative sandboxes. This is not a good management game, even if the game makes an attempt at being one. The potential is certainly here, since you have some pretty powerful control over certain aspects of the park, such as opening times (which doesn't seem to change anything), staff management, and customizable options with vendors. The management side of the game can be totally trivialized by putting down a cluster of shops and rides very close to your entrance. Congratulations on the money farm.If you're the kind of person who played Rollercoaster Tycoon, placed a balloon shop, and thought to yourself about how annoying it was that the balloon shop was a few pixels taller than all the other shops requiring an entirely special setup to fit it inside a building, then Planet Coaster just might be the game for you. This is the spiritual successor to those hundreds of hours we spent as a kid playing RCT1 with the Drexler patch and a trainer, or building sandbox coasters in RCT2, and even riding your custom rides in RCT3."
76561198367054152,Recommended,493340,31258405,Posted: 20 April,all,profmarvel67,"I abslolutely LOVE this game.  I am in my 40s and I actually design attractions for real parks for a living.  Alot of people talk about the lag and the game play.  I have found that if you keep simplicity in mind and create large parks with only scenery where the guests would see it in reality, keep your que lines decorated with simple landscaping and flora, use only a few props for decorating purposes and keep a nice clean and open approach, you will have seamless and enjoyable play.  It is very realistic in it's management, marketing and security features, as well.  If you start with a small area, only allow 200 in your park, let it become popular, then add an area, allow another 100 people in and so forth.  You will find that the park almost runs itself with very little problems.I am an old school RCT player.  I have created rides and content for RCT3 for a long time.  This game made all of that so much easier and the ability to share creations with others is one of the best features of this game.  Would I change anything?  Not really.  Frontier seems to be on top of things and the updates and customer service is near perfect.  So in closing, remember this: There are folks like myself out here using this program to create the new and exciting things you see in the real world every day and using it to test reactions and popularity.  It is truly a theme park creator in the most literal sense."
76561197972307505,Recommended,493340,29370338,Posted: 19 January,all,Nationality,"I played this game and thought it was gorgeous. Then I realized I had it on the lowest graphics setting.I want to call this a worthy successor to the Roller Coaster Tycoon series. Worthy, yes. Actually, Planet Coaster is so good it utterly eclipses anything that's come before it. But a ""Tycoon"" it is not. Those games emphasized management, and while Planet Coaster has that, it's not the focus. Planet Coaster is all about building. It reminds me of the earliest Sim City titles, where you lost yourself expanding your city--zoning, power plants, density and all that. The hurdles of tax management was more a welcome speed bump than the reason you play the game.That's what Planet Coaster feels like. It's 1 a.m., and you're putting little lanterns in your digital castle, but you bite your lip and second-guess those stone colonnades. Are they tacky? Do they clash with lintels? Technically, you're only supposed to be doing this for some scenery rating, but it was 100 percent thirty minutes ago and now you're planting Tuscan Cypresses everywhere. It's sounds like a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ and the first time you do it, it is, but you learn the keyboard shortcuts, get a bit patient, and then it's pure zen. Later, sleep.Is Planet Coaster a great game? Kinda. You can't teach a computer (yet) what makes good aesthetics, so the Roller Coaster Tycoon games have always relied on their players to be wacky perfectionists who are willing to build real parks rather than exploity thingamajigs. Because, for all the intricate details, slaving over a coaster station for hours is the same as zapping down a few Golden Chests, beating the dust off your hands, and calling it a day. You can play Planet Coaster like that, just throwing down random scenery pieces in a big pile until you get 100%, doing min-max shenanigans. In another context, this spammy behavior would be considered a weakness of the game. Only a game like Planet Coaster is it considered a weakness of theplayer.But that's all OK. Because Planet Coaster isn't supposed to be played. It's an experience, like hanging out in your zen garden, spreading happiness and joy for the fun of it. Not to mention it's gorgeous, and runs as smooth as cream on high graphics settings.I'm working on a ""starry kingdom"" themed park right now. Meanwhile, I'm trawling their youtube, hoping to get a glimpse of what else is coming out. I got my fingers crossed for hotels, a Halloween theme, and restaurants."
,Recommended,493340,26739906,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Archi,"I expected a sequel to RCT3, and I got it, from the same devs, under name of Planet Coaster.This is absolutely a great title for every fan of RCT franchise, it has everything it should, and support for Steam workshop which is truly great, opening doors to nearly every single thing you could ever ask for. I must admit that initially I was sceptical as making a sequel to a successful game usually leads to disappointment and overhype, but in this case I simply couldn't expect anything more - the game has exactly what I imagined, and while some extra content such as extra campaigns, rides and coasters are welcome, I can't really claim that there is not enough considering that there will be only more content in future, both from developers and the community.I give it strong 9/10, and suggest to grab ASAP for every RCT fan that expects RCT3 in 2016.(Also nominated it for Steam game awards in the category of ""wow"" game)"
,Recommended,493340,32226919,Posted: 6 June,all,The Strange Man,"This game is the REAL Roller Coaster Tycoon 4!Not that piece of sh*t from Atari. All Atari does is just crap on the name.Definitely buy Planet Coaster, not Roller Coaster Tycoon World. Plus Planet Coaster is cheaper!EDIT:Roller Coaster Tycoon World is now cheaper than Planet Coaster. The reason behind that is because the reviews for the game were♥♥♥♥♥♥ so they had to change the price of it. And the price of Planet Coaster has not changed too much because the game is NOT♥♥♥♥♥♥EDIT 2:You do have to ask yourself why Planet Coaster is a full price game, and roller coaster tycoon world is not. For a game to have it's price hammered down that dramatically, there has to be a reason for it. The reason being the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥reviews. And to be honest roller coaster tycoon world is a pile of garbage even after many months after release. They have changed this with the game to make it better though:1)Jack2)$hit"
76561198102342328,Recommended,493340,26710161,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Supersheep,"After three hours of continues planning, building and decorating, I was finally done with the entrance.10/10"
76561198003869949,Recommended,493340,28231260,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,denhamalex,"Great Creative Game / Not So Strong Management GameThe creative side of this game is incredible and while building you really feel as though there are no limits.The management side of the game is shallow and is basically the same model as the old Chris Sawyer RCT games.  There is certainly a lot of room for improvement on this front and although the scenarios are generally quite well built, they lack the variety in their challenge.  I imagine that this will be improved upon with updates down the line, but even without bolstering this side of the game, I can see myself getting more than my value out of the money spent.Well worth it so long as you go in with the expectation that this is mostly a creative outlet and not so much a strategy/management game."
,Recommended,493340,26645920,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,変態,"I don't know what went wrong during development, but this is not a game.This is a time machine that warps you to 3am."
76561197970746008,Not Recommended,493340,28563362,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,tobtoh,"Should you buy this game?If you want a 'Minecraft' experience ... ie you have total freedom to build what you want, you can unleash your creativity ... then yes! This is truly a beautiful game. This half of the game, I've absolutely loved.If you want a 'Simcity' experience ... ie a realistic simulation game, when there is realistic logic behind how guests act, where your decisions determine whether your park thrives or dies ... then no. Sadly the guest logic is very underdeveloped which causes them to act in illogical ways. A current example is say balloon gift shops - if you open one of these shops, every single guest will stampede to this store and they will ignore all your attractions. They will ignore their hunger/thirst needs and prefer to starve in their madness to purchase a balloon. Then there are issues like the complaints about queues (regardless of how long or short they are), how no-one buys priority passes, how adjusting food prices has almost no effect on demand etc.From the above, you can draw your own conclusion whether the game would suit you.The reason I ended up with a 'not recommended' rating, is that the game is prominently advertised as 'create' and 'manage' which is what I was after ... but in reality only the 'create' half of the game is complete. Planet Coaster is a disappointment as a park management simulation game.EDIT: Someone posted a list of the management issues on Reddit. I'm posting the link here if you want to get a good starter list of some of the bigger issues:https://www.reddit.com/r/PlanetCoaster/comments/5m9q66/the_big_list_of_balance_problems/"
76561198321240605,Recommended,493340,32744646,Posted: 24 June,all,Bat6irl,"If you love theme parks and customization...then you've come to the right place! This game is extremely addicting. I've already spent tons of hours just getting lost in detailing whatever creation that I'm working on at the time. To me, it's not so much about playing the actual game...it's about letting my imagination take over and build some really neat things that you might not see in real theme parks.I love that the developers are continuing to add to the game. It could always use more objects for us to build with and more rides (not just coasters), but I'm sure they're working hard on it already! Great job Frontier!Have fun playing! Bat6irl"
76561198002239509,Recommended,493340,26694985,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Lora Craft69,"I love this game. I can already say it is the best theme park game i ever played.This game is so great because it is limitless in regards to building and creativity.The amount of themes looks okay but once you start combining items from other themes together you can basically make any theme you can imagine.Lovely graphics, art design and the detail is extraordinary and looks so realistic.There is a good amount of Flat rides, a great amount of Coasters, 2 Transport rides and they even added some water rides like the log flumes and river rapids.You can also make Darkrides and there are options to set trigger events to your rides and coasters.For those who like their own music better then the ingame music, wich is great, you can add custom music to the rides and speakers.The park management is very in-depth and allows you to do just about everything you need as a park manager.My final verdict (based on theme park games): 10/10"
76561198067563796,Recommended,493340,30208641,Posted: 26 February,all,Vikson,"I forgot what the sun looks like.The only way to get sleep is to face plant on the desk from exhaustion.Need more coffee.The Planet coaster soundtrack has now taken over my brain. However, it's very pleasant and relaxing. But don't be fooled, (that's how they get you) :OI build rollercoasters in my dreams when I'm passed out on the keyboard.. Please send help! :OIt's too late for me... save yourselves!In just the short 3 months since the release, Planet Coaster has climbed all the way up to the 2nd place in my ""most hours played"" list and about to take 1st place.. lolSo, is this game good? Do I recommend it? Is it worth the money? Should you buy it?YES! YES! YES! YES!UPDATE:This is even better now, after the big Spring update...Now Planet Coaster is my #1 most played game on steam.. lol :DANOTHER UPDATE: I'm still unable to get sick of playing this yet... and now a big summer update... OMG!!!  I seriously need help! :P"
76561198051159208,Recommended,493340,26645877,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BullRot,"FRONTIER is a great game dev and it is PROVEN by this awesome game!Graphics are just great, gameplay is insane with many options and easy UI.There is so many things to customise Your park that it will take many many time to make whatever You want in easy manner.For the graphic settings I have MEDIUM with some options on HIGH on my- AMD Phenom x4 965 BE (3.6GhZ), 16 Gb RAM, GTX 660Ti 2Gb, Win 7 x64With a big park and 1500 guests so far and many many objects and eye-candys there is no lag at all so that is a GREAT GAME, hovewer still in beta antil final release in 2 days.Thats why this game is absolutely awesome even if I'm rather bad architect for some deco's, there is many in Workshop, so You will never be bored or unlucky if it is also Your case, hoverer it is not difficult at all to create own content.Parks are absolutely beatifull and the game is great!THANK YOU VERY MUCH DEVELOPPERS!!! : )))"
,Recommended,493340,32372374,Posted: 12 June,all,Yellowdash.exe,"Planet Coaster is the greatest theme park builder I've seen.It's still lacking some of the features of the game it's spiritally succeeding (Roller Coaster Tycoon 3), but it's getting frequent updates and they keep adding content. Coaster building is wonderful, and building buildings was fun  (but time consuming).If you just want to get your park running quickly, there are thousands of community made props, rides, and stores for you to plop into your park.One problem that some people may have is that the buisness side of things is very lacking.If you are looking for a park builder, this is it."
76561198016081957,Recommended,493340,29786898,Posted: 8 February,all,GrimShadow,">Be Me>Launch Planet Coaster for first time>""I'll just make an entrance>5 hours later>""I seem to have recreated Warwick Castle"">9/10"
76561198036454287,Recommended,493340,26673153,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,IceWeasel,"- Had a day off- scrolling though steam store- ""planet Coaster Looks Cool""- click download- 11 hours later... realize it's night time.9/10(starts to lag when you fill the screen, even with GTX 1080)"
,Recommended,493340,29961781,Posted: 16 February,all,Vtec Juice,"Excellent game. Much better than Rollercoaster Tycoon World. Infact it is everything that Rollercoaster Tycoon World should have been! If you want to build a theme park with decent graphics, no lag and no bugs... This is the game for you!"
76561198348029265,Recommended,493340,30319920,Posted: 4 March,all,Justin_760,"I have logged 1200 hours of playtime on this game, and I am STILL hooked. Anyone with fond memories of RCT games will enjoy this, anyone who enjoys creative building will especially love this game. I cant recommend it enough, the $40 I spent on this game has kept me entertained for almost 5 months now. There are thousands of pieces to build with, scenery and building items, and the coaster building is very complex as well. 10/10."
,Recommended,493340,28017653,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jstubbles,"Planet Coaster is one of those rare gems which hits that balance of strategy, management and creativity. Whether you're building a crazy rollercoaster, or creating a storefront piece by piece, you're going to find yourself sinking hours into this game, and loving every moment of it.The career mode is a great place to start with the game, as it gives you very specific scenarios to overcome. It's a nice intro to learning all of the mechinics. There are a handful of scenarios to deal with, and each one gives you multiple tiers of accomplishment (bronze/silver/gold) to finish. I do wish there were more career scenarios, but the game has other modes which compensate for the lack of ""missions"".Challenge mode is sort of an expansion on career mode, but is more free-form. You start a park that has specific goals, but it's almost sandbox in nature. Challenges are dynamically given out, and you must spend your limited income to build a successful park, and gain more revenue for future additions. There is technically no ""end"" to these challenge missions, from what I can tell (at least as far as I've gotten into them).Sandbox mode is the ultimate creative senario. No monetary limits, no building or research limits. You can building anything you want, anywhere you want, and not having to worry about fiscal management. It's a great place to create structures or coasters that you can then save out as Blueprints, to print into your challenge worlds.Building in the game is very fun. Building a coaster is accomplished via a system of dynamically generated spline sections, as well as pre-build sections of spirals/corkscrews and the like. There are many different types of coasters, from old wooden classics, to superman-style, catapult-launched modern coasters. Pretty much something for everyone.The bigger artist element comes with the PBP (piece by piece) building method. There are a ton of individual assets in the game (sconces, lights, wall sections, pillars, and more) each fitting a general theme (wood/scifi/stone/etc) that gives you a plethora of choices for you to modularly snap things together, and create something new and exciting. Kind of like more refined Lego building.There are minor gripes I have with the game, like how the coaster splines sometimes behave, or if they had more verbose feedback from guests. Giving the designer more information about what affects partk beauty, and how, would also be nice. Some inconsistency issues, like decorations only affecting guest feedback when placed around queue areas. Minor building issues as well. Nothing super major, and things that will hopefully get patched in the near futureOverall, a very fun game for people of all ages, and I would definitely recommend it for anyone who is a fan of the genre, or just being creative in general."
,Recommended,493340,26682034,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Diddly.uK^,awesome game - modern day RCT3 successor
,Recommended,493340,29691791,Posted: 4 February,all,Mysterius,Suffice to say that this is the real Rollercoaster Tycoon 4.
,Recommended,493340,34391799,Posted: 21 August,all,Doctor Of Sarcasm,"This is basically RCT3, but better looking and with nicer scenery. If you liked RCT, you'll probably like this.PROS:- It's BEAUTIFUL. No, I'm serious. Even on low settings, it is absolutely stunning.- Creativity is rewarded in Planet Coaster. Search up such creators as Silvarett, Rudi Rennkamel etc to discover just how amazing your coasters and scenery can look.- EASY to pick up, HARD to master.- Very addictive. For reference, I am someone who rarely plays a game to completion. My top most played games are multiplayer/creative games, and this absolutely hits the spot. Each session I play can last almost a whole day if I don't watch out.- Smooth (at least to me) coasters. Some usage of the smoothing tool, imo will absolutely hit the spot in terms of smoothness. Ofc you could play No Limits if you really want the smoothest, most realistic coasters, but this is perfectly between old school RCT and realism for me.CONS:- I get 40-60fps on medium with a 1050Ti, and 20fps with a laptop on low. Still playable, but pretty badly optimised, especially once there are more people in your park.- NOT THAT MANY COASTERS. If you absolutely NEED to experiments with such things as bobsled coasters and those things with movable tracks, Planet Coaster doesn't have those. It just has fairly normal steel, wooden, hybrid coasters.- NOT THAT MANY FLAT RIDES. Yes, I know there's like 20 or 30. But they ALL just spin around, albeit at slightly different speeds and intensities.- MANAGEMENT IS NOT A CHALLENGE. If you like park management, again, not the game for you."
76561197995200857,Not Recommended,493340,34985895,Posted: 15 September,all,mrguy0807,"So, you've heard it before, but this is one of those many times where I wish the Steam review system wasn't binary, I don't really think this game is bad, and depending on the type of gamer you are, this could be the perfect game for you. But after some reflection I realized I just couldn't say that I thought the game was worth it for $45, hence the negative review.So, this is a Roller Coaster/Amusement Park building game, meant to remind people of the Roller Coaster Tycoon series of yore, but also, to make a modern ""next gen"" version of the Roller Coaster Tycoon series, and to properly bring it up with the times, since Roller Coaster Tycoon's actual developers don't seem to be doing that.In a lot of ways this game succeeds at being the modern version of Roller Coaster Tycoon. It's all there, the in-depth ride building, the park development, and the just general sense of fun and whimsy is all intact and it's great. But in a lot of other ways I feel like the game is missing the mark.For one thing, although this is likely a big draw for a lot of people, the level of detail and customization is just a little too intense for me, and there's very little pre-made stuff to select from. Now, the sort of stuff that can be built with the in-game engine is really impressive, but there is a very steep learning curve to be able to get to that point. There is some pre-made plug and play stuff that you can just drop into your park and start using, but not very much of it, and the stuff that is there is mostly made with the handful of themes from the games ""story mode"" scenarios in mind.Actually, on the subject of the learning curve, another big gripe I have with this game is the tutorials. Namely there is no in-game tutorial. The game recommends you go to some Youtube videos to learn the basics of the game, which I think is just ridiculous on the face of it, but even after I watched the Youtube videos, there was still a lot of basic stuff I didn't know how to do. There's  a decently sized community of people on Youtube who all post video tutorials and training academies on various Planet Coaster topics, and I really recommend you keep some of these channels in mind as you play the game, otherwise you'll have no idea what you're doing at all, and even with that help, it's still difficult.In general I feel like there should just be more game modes and more stuff to do in game. Besides the lack of a tutorial, the game types that are included just feel shallow. There are a handful of ""story mode"" type things where you're given themed parks as a base to build on and specific tasks to complete. These ramp up in challenges and difficulty as time goes on. There is also a free play mode, where you can build to your heart's content, and not worry about the challenges and scenarios associated with running the park if you don't want to.That's it though. Those are all the game modes. I feel like there should be more variety here, more to build off of in the beginning besides just a blank slate maybe, or maybe a more fleshed out version of the story mode scenarios.And finally, I think the most disappointing thing about the game for me, was that when I first started up the game, I took the time to watch some video tutorials and messed around a bit to get used to the basics, but then I immediately went into free play mode and started to build a really crazy roller coaster.It was the sort of roller coaster that you couldn't actually do in real life. It started out with a huge incline leading to a massive drop, had several parts that went underground, a number of loops, and as many sheer drops as I could fit in. It was glorious. I tested it out myself since the game has a first person camera you can use to view what your rides are like from the passenger's perspective and it was great. I got a real sense of adrenaline off of it.Then I opened it up in my park, and I realized that by the objective rankings the game uses... the ride was terrible. No one rode it, and anyone who did ride it, hated it.So, I went back to Youtube and watched more videos on roller coaster design and I started to realize that this was not quite the Roller Coaster game I had envisioned. The game's system for rating roller coasters is based very heavily in reality, unfortunately, and adrenaline-thumping heart-racing monsters of steel and wood aren't going to cut it, if you actually want to use a custom coaster in game.Now I know the realistic coaster system is actually a big draw for a lot of people. There is a big community of people who love roller coasters primarily from an engineering and physics perspective, and those people love this game. But for me I wanted it to be a little more fantastical, and it doesn't quite deliver on that front.I'm still playing the game, and I'm still having fun with it. I do actually want to learn how to make a good roller coaster by the game's standards, but the learning curve is steep. It does take time and effort to learn how to make good money off of your parks and make likeable roller coasters.To the credit of Frontier Developments they do seem to be developing this game a fair bit as time goes on. There are regular free content updates and support, bug fixes, etc. I can understand why some people were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about the addition of DLC to this game though, because you shouldn't really be releasing DLC for a game that still feels sort of incomplete, which this honestly does.So, unfortunately I'm posting a negative review here, because as it currently stands I wouldn't reccomend this game for the money. However, it is a fun game and I'm hoping that the continued effort of Frontiers Developments eventually brings it up to its full potential. In which case I will write a positive review for the game. But right now this game seems like a missed opportunity and a whole lot of untapped potential."
76561198045532751,Recommended,493340,26705042,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Chard,I'm hopelessly addicted already. This is what a spirtual successor to RCT3 should be! I can't wait for more content for my adorable little park.
,Recommended,493340,28099364,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Fifth_Quarter,"I will put together a better review once I have been able to play Planet Coaster for longer.For now I have to highly  recommend this game based only on the 4.5h I have played in a sandbox map to see how the custom roller coaster creation has evolved since the now ancient roller coaster tycoon 1 & 2 [witch I still class as some of my favourite games].It's a huge jump, looks a little overwhelming to start with, the grid system of old has gone allowing for every corner to be as you set it. There are a large number of loops, inversions, and pre set banking's, but even after you have placed these you can adjust there size, width and angle to attached track. With the inclusion of an autocomplete and snap to function you will easily be able to finish the track.You can also test the track as you are building it allowing for tweaks as you build helping to prevent scenarios like too high loops that would cause the ride to fail.Big + You can ride your coaster from any seat or even a more cinematic view.Never going to a theme park again now I can ride my own coasters.From what else I have seen the management side [research, staffing and so on] it is more advanced than the games before, but this is far from a negative point it's enough to customise what you need without taking too much from the focus of building a park how you want it.I will easily be spending 100's of hours on this just creating coasters.My hat goes off to the development team, you have made an amazing game."
76561198041102932,Recommended,493340,33726981,Posted: 22 July,all,Tao Amanti,This is the Roller Coaster Tycoon sequeal we deserved.
,Recommended,493340,28583050,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Papa Nubs,"Ive waited for the day they would release a Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 sequel because that game was one of my favorites I played as a kid. So I was natural excited when I heard they were planning on making Rollercoaster Tycoon World, but unfortunately that game turned out to be a buggy downgraded version of the previous game (A trend it seems with modern gaming).This is where Planet Coaster comes in. Although it doesn't share the name Rollercoaster Tycoon, this is the true sequel to RCT3 made by the original developers Frontier Developments. This game is wonderfull crafted with care made to improve on every aspect from RCT3. The game features a complex building system allowing you not only to construct coaster, but beautiful scenery. Even if you weren't interested in the concept of building a theme park you can use the tools of this game as an architect simulator similar to the Sims. People have already constructed parks resembling massive cities; You really can build whatever you dream of in this game.The game itself isn't just amazing in mechanics and gameplay, it also has this wonderful charm. The people who wonder around your park really do look like actual people. When you build a sick ride or some interesting scenery you feel like you are impressing real people as they walk around your park with awesome expressions; Or perhaps your park is completely filthy then they will walk around in disgust. This personality is perfectly complimented by the games playful and calm soundtrack written by Jim Guthrie.Now im not just gonna sit here and only praise the game because it is not perfect. Probably the biggest flaw about this game is that the management aspect is not partically realistic. I find it sometimes frustrating dealing with the statistics of the game that to me sometimes don't make sense. This includes rides breaking down often and the fact there isn't much logic behind what the people do. Guests often complain about queues regardless of length and avoid buying certain things from shops or avoiding them/rides completely for no logical reason.Also they game does lack alot of built in levels and objectives. The game comes with a couple of career levels which are fun and somewhat challenging, but can be completed in not too long. There is the challenge mode which is just career mode and sandmox mode put together where you can make your on theme park and the game will give different challenges to complete which I find quiet entertaining. An annoying thing about the career mode is that it limits you on what scenery you can use depending on the theme untill you research it which is understandable because the levels do fit specific themes, but if its asking me to raise my scenery rating to (X) i'd prefer if I could already have all the general scenery unlocked.The game does have free updates(as we have seen with the Christmas update, which is great)  which will supply new ride, scenery, buildings, terrain and career levels.But the great thing about this game is even if you aren't the most artistic or creative person in the world you can just be a click away from downloading anyone elses published creations from the Workshop. If you want a massive castle -- boom -- its in your game. How about the death star -- bam -- there it is. So using other peoples creations you can modify and combine them to make your on creations/ parks.If you are someone who came to this game with the sole purpose of a simulation of owning and managing a park maybe you should look elsewhere or do some more in depth research on this game to see if it really suits you because the managment part can be quite frustrating. If you are someone who can put up with a little bit of unrealism and just wants a game where you can just jump in and create anything you want, I one hundred percent recommend this game.9/10"
,Recommended,493340,26680638,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,voximity,"Planet Coaster is an overwhelmingly incredible game. I grew up playing Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 nonstop. Literally, non-stop. I bought all of the expansions. It was by far my favorite game of all time.RCT3 was developed by Atari and Frontier. Planet Coaster is developed by Frontier. Roller Coaster Tycoon World is developed by Atari. As you can see there was clearly some arguing going on amongst the two developers.Everyone in the review section will tell you to not get RCTW. They're not wrong- just watch some videos on it. Planet Coaster is what I consider to be the true RCT4. It's got the same cartoonish look and feel, and it brings back nostaliga about original coaster sims. It introduces a TON of customization and its new coaster building tool provides you with a whole new level of construction for your coasters. The park management is very in-depth and can allow you to do just about everything. Some of the management tabs scare me they're so complex. Don't worry- usually the defaults work great.I bought the Thrillseeker Edition of this game, for the cost of it right now, but it gave me the beta. I have seen Planet Coaster go from alpha to beta to release. The changes were drastic and went in the right direction for sure.I don't know why anyone wouldn't recommend Planet Coaster. For those that argue the game is too easy or basic, I'd like them to spend a little more time in the game. Most negative reviews have under at most 3 hours.All these creative sandbox games say something like ""your imagination is the limit."" Practically always this is false; not in Planet Coaster. You literally can think of anything in a theme park and add it to this game. Okay, not maybe anything, but a LOT.Before you buy: take a look at some gameplay videos of this game, then RCTW (maybe Parkitect if you like the RCT1 & 2 style) and compare the two. Choose whether to invest $35 or $45."
,Recommended,493340,31056831,Posted: 10 April,all,Captain Sarcasm | Lepkeisták,"I built a path, with sidewalks and a small plaza in 4 hours. I think that I should start to build some buildings too, but I'm 25 years old now, so I think there isn't enough time in my life, to finish up the main street...Absolutely worth every cents! ;)10/10"
76561198030892147,Recommended,493340,31854461,Posted: 19 May,all,77,"New player not from Rollercoaster TycoonThis is a hesitant recommended game, I have been on the fence from buying this game for around 6 months since the game released. Reason being that I have not played any and was not a big fan of the Rollercoaster Tycoon games, and am more into the management side of theme park games and heard that this game is seriously lacking in that part. I took the plunge to buy this game eventually 6 months afterwards and surprisingly enjoyed this game though it came with many flaws. This is probably one of the more charming modern day theme park simulation games that has been released (there have not really been many released though), and this review is for those like me who are trying to figure out if this game is for them being not a fan of graphic design work in a game. I would recommend to try it even if you're more into the management side than creative / design IF you can accept the many flaws and frustrations this game comes with.The main flaw to me is that there are a LOT of things unexplained in the game, tutorials are few and not very helpful in the form of popup tips, and you will likely need to do a lot of research mostly in the form of watching Youtube videos to do basic things. The UI and game design is not very new-player friendly being very unintuitive, and seems to be designed around their more experienced fanbase from Rollercoaster Tycoon.Examples:- Adding flooring to buildings is not a built-in feature and players are commonly using roof tiles instead to look like floor tiles (and you would not know this until you google and watch a video about this... nothing is mentioned in game)...- Adding extra cars to rollercoasters is a very unwieldy and unexplained process requiring players to build ""block brakes"" at the end of their rollercoaster... I had to watch a video 3-4 times and try it multiple times just to get this to work and nothing was explained in the game.- The entire build mode is not explained and requires players to watch complete guides and tutorials just to know how to build your own basic buildings.- Building underground rides and buildings is possible but you would not know this or know how to do this unless you watch videos- Tooltips / descriptions about items and objects not shown on hover over items, easy to missAll this culminates to a very unpolished and very work-intensive game for someone new to this game. If you're looking for an easy game to pick-up and go this really will put you off immediately,  upon opening your first career mode and realising how badly and lacking are the prebuilt features once you compare your very basic creations to the theme parks built by the studio.On top of that, the management side of the game is very very simple and completely no challenge. The only challenge this game has is not explaining anything and if you attempt to start a career mode as your first game you may find it difficult to be profitable simply because very basic game mechanics are not explained at all (such as don't build a lot of shops at the start). I recommend to start as challenge mode as it is a lot easier (the name of the mode is misleading).If you can accept that this is not really a management game and is more a theme park simulator focused on design and creative side akin to Minecraft and playing with Legos, and you are willing to do a lot of research and tedious work outside playing the game to be able to do anything in this game due to the unpolished nature of Planet Coaster, then you will be able to experience a very creatively open game which despite all it's flaws has a very charming appeal behind it all. The moment you are able to successfully build your own parts of the park be it very basic or complex, you will feel that all the work you put into it and frustrations was worth it and you will be pulled in and immersed by your own park creations. There are tons of enjoyment and satisfaction to be had just watching customers interacting with your creations and just watching your park expand over time.I may come back and change my view and rating of this game once DLCs or in game microtransactions hits this game in the future. My advice is to really take the time to develop big worthwhile expansions that includes new themes and expands upon the game systems currently instead of approaching DLCs as releasing small microtransactions for purely cosmetic items. This review was made at a time when no micro-transactions was included, and I'm not sure what their plans are with that."
76561198084631403,Recommended,493340,29389163,Posted: 20 January,all,marcandrejr,"""Just... one... more.... thing...... then i'll go to sleep....."""
,Recommended,493340,30783148,Posted: 27 March,all,Skeeveo - konitchiwa,"THE GOOD : Extremely creative and allow customization beyond your wildest dreams!THE BAD: For anybody who isn't very creative, this is almost too much. Theres few presets and it can be daunting. I wouldn't recommend this unless you REALLY like customization. Not for casuals!"
76561198009341776,Recommended,493340,28497308,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,legomann97,"This game is absolutely fantastic, but like all games, it has its ups and downs, so here's my schpiel:PROS:- Aesthetically beautiful- Extremely powerful terrain manipulation- Scenery creation tools allow for lots of complexity- Coaster creation is a bit clunky but once mastered, can allow for smooth, exhilirating coasters (will expand more)- Amazing attention to detail (peeps, effects, and other small details)- Steam Workshop supportCONS:- Terrain manipulation doesn't allow for large-scale manipulation, largest manipulation size is 30 m, so it can take a while for larger features- Water creation is severely lacking. No underwater effects, only able to place water at some pre-set levels, and if you make a cave or an overhang or something similar, you can place water on one side and it doesn't show up at all on the other. It's like they just place a plane of water texture at the level you choose and nothing else.- As I said, coaster creation is clunky, and it is literally the only thing RCTW has on PC (from what I have seen from RCTW reviews and gameplay). I like the spline tool for track creation and the ability to use the old style of track creation (pre-built simple parts like brakes, normal track pieces, and a list of complex parts). However, up until now I have a massive 12 hours on record, so take that with a grain of salt. I might grow to enjoy it more.- Lack of fireworks shows! This was something I was surprised PC didn't have that RCT3 did. It's something Frontier has done in the past and I would love to see this in a future update. I know there are special effects, but they are not actual fireworks.Now, it may seem like I hate this game due to the size of the cons section, but this game is actually very well made. There are so many things they got right that it would take forever to fill the pros section with them. This is definitely a nostalgia trip for me and everything they got right, they got SO right."
76561198034978223,Recommended,493340,30349089,Posted: 5 March,all,Cassar1709,"At first, I thought this game would be Roller Coaster Tycoon 4 and because of that I bought it without hesitating.However, the game has some features that makes it a lot different than expected.Firstly, the graphics of the game are amazing for the type of game it is. It is very realistic, the Roller Coasters' physics are amazing and so are the ones from the other rides. Everything looks more realistic and believableUnlike the other Roller Coaster tycoon games, this one offers a huge variaty of possibilities when creating roller coasters, which makes the game a little more professional than the Tycoon series. Is that good or bad? Well, at first it might seem bad because of how hard it is to do everything. It will take a while for the player to get used to the new mechanics and some may give up on the game; that marks the contrast between players that like the game to the ones that don't.Furthermore, the game offers a significant smaller amount of types of rides that can be put in your park. This is what made me dislike the game at first. However, I am very glad to see that new rides are being added in updates (which are quite frequent).Also, the new mechanics made it a lot easier to build custom structures, which the older fans may have bad memories about. Now it is much more simple and there are many more options than before. The same thing goes for the terrain. It is a lot easier to shape the terrain and the Ctrl+Z tool was (finally) added, which means no more backup save files of the game.It should be noted, though, that you must not trust the pictures. You might see some pictures of huge castles or amazing roller coasters and think: 'Man, that's what I want to do.' - It is very hard to do it. Custom structures, as mentioned before, are build piece by piece, which means that building a castle takes a lot of time and hard work, especially for those used to the older games' mechanics. It is easy to understand why people don't like this game, the development team definitely tried something new in this one, something that appeals to a very specific audience.In summary, it is safe to assume that this game is more 'professional' than before. It is more of a simulator than the fun game you used to play when you were 14. And most importantly, if you want to buy this game just because you think it is the 4th installment of the Roller Coaster Tycoon series, don't do it. You might get disappointed."
76561198011969212,Not Recommended,493340,26713672,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Unknown<3,"!!! EDIT: !!! UPDATE !!!! THIS REVIEW IS NOW A THUMBS UP !!!!I RECOMMEND THIS GAME NOW!!! THIS REVIEW IS NO LONGER NEGATIVE!!!!!!!* My negative review is now changed to a positive review. The old review is no longer valid and I can now recommend this game. The Management aspects have been improved with a patch and they also upped the challenge quite a bit. There is still some more I would love to see but I think the management / challenge aspects of this game will be improved even more with upcoming patches in the near future. *!!Thank you Frontier Developments and hats of to you for listening to your community!---------------------------------Iv'e come to the conclusion that the developers of this game really care about their fan base. I think they released their title just before the holidays (unfinished) because it was a good business move. And I don't blame them for it. Within a week after the game got fully released they have now made a couple changes. Not only did they fix quite a few bugs / performance issues, they also added a new level of difficulty in the ''Challenge Mode''. I've tried it and they made some subtle changes that really enhances the management aspect of this game. There are still some changes I would like to see in the management department. But I strongly believe that with the next update (expected during the holidays) they will continue improving and smoothing the management for Planet Coaster.I understand the frustration some people experience when a great game like this gets down voted. But I like to believe good developers check the negative reviews to see what they can do to improve the game. There were many similar reviews like mine and I think it's because of these reviews the management aspects in this game got improved and will be improved even more during the next patch.I want to thank everyone for their reactions, the positive and the negative ones. It's good that opinions vary and things get discussed. I think I maybe was not clear enough how much I love this game in my original review. My reason to give a thumbs down for this game was to try and get the attention of the developers to improve the management aspects in this game. I was not the only person with this idea and many others gave a thumbs down for the same reason. I believe it worked because the developers have seen our complaints. I think its great they improved the management and challenge in this game significantly at such short notice. And I fully expect them to improve it even more. With that great prospect in mind I've changed my negative review to a positive review.--------------------------------------------------------------!!!OLD REVIEW!!! !!!NO LONGER VALID!!!--------------------------------------------------------------It's with pain in my heart that I can NOT recommend this game at this time.The game is beautiful it's everything I would want out of a themepark / rollercoaster game. The graphics are stunning and the building is fantastic.But with all this perfection the game lacks one huge element. !! MANAGEMENT !!.There is no management in this game at all. No goals to achieve no company to run. It even lacks basic management tools like one screen to set all your staff their wages. Or one screen to edit the prices in your shops. If you want to change the prices of your hamburgers you have to go to each individual shop in your park and per shop click 100 different buttons before you can change the price. Its just so tedious and it makes no sense.It's not only lacking basic management tools it also lacks any challenge. Your guests are always happy even if your rides are bad and your park is just crap. Even if you only put 2 rides you will already attract 600 guests, its just so easy. I really miss a challenging tycoon aspect in this game.This game is a beautiful beautiful coaster / themepark builder. But for people like me who love management and simulation the game is just poor.I really hope the game will be patched and some management will be added to the game, I would even buy a DLC if it adds a more in depth management system but I dont think that's likely.The game feels rushed towards the end and unfinished.And this is truly a shame.EDIT: If they do put in a more challenging management / tycoon system into this game the game is just perfect and I will change my review to a thumbs up!--------------------------------------------------------------!!!OLD REVIEW!!! !!!NO LONGER VALID!!!--------------------------------------------------------------"
,Recommended,493340,28217736,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Grufti,"Yeah, it's awesome. Runs beautifully at 4k ultra with a 980ti and i7 6700k. I think this one is more processor than card heavy. I've been in a trance playing challenge mode for hours and just realized it's 6am. RIP Rollercoaster Tycoon and Sim City. All hail Planet Coaster and Cities:Skylines! Praise be to the new Sim Gods!"
,Recommended,493340,29949027,Posted: 15 February,all,Jacked Rick,"If you played RCT while growing up, then get this right meow."
,Recommended,493340,28264563,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Agam Bellum,"Although I haven't played a theme park sim in almos two decades, Planet Coaster delighted the sim enthusiast within me. Amazing graphics combine with an excellent suite of tools to create an atmosphere so thick with rides and screams that I want to go ride a real roller coaster right now! For the moment Planet Coaster will have to suffice, and it certainly has a lot to do if you want to create your own little slice of coaster heaven. The game does have one flaw, which many reviewers have already noted - the management side of the game is weak. The developers are working on it, but balancing issues will likely always be there because the game wants to be fun more than it wants to be demanding. Accordingly, this game is a definite buy for anyone who loves simulations and designing their own worlds. This might be a buy for people interested in pretending to be titan of industry. Nevertheless, for anyone who just wants to build cool coasters, this game will certainly entertain."
,Recommended,493340,27811204,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NiceTry05,"By far the best theme park builder ever made.  If you are on the fence about buying this game, do yourself a favor and just do it.  Not only is it one of the rare exclusives that the PC gaming market gets, but it is also fantastic.  A+"
,Recommended,493340,30592431,Posted: 18 March,all,Raegx,"There are two sides to this game: creative and management.If you like to create beautiful parks with sublime lighting and incredible vistas, then this game is for you. There are many building choices built into Planet Coaster. In the steam workshop, there are pre-built scenes and the terrain editing is straightforward and intuitive. The career paths will help spark your imagination as there are many creative and beautiful scenes in parks they give you.If you want to manage all the details of workers (paths, pay, skills), rides (length, wait times), shops (prices, locations), etc. to optimize your park for maximum efficiency; then this game is not for you. It is incredibly easy to master the management side of Planet Coaster. The in-game meeples don't seem discerning about much and have simple yes/no tolerances.I haven't had graphics or stability issues, but I didn't pick this game up till March 2017. If there were previous problems with crashes or overt performance issues they seem to be ironed out. I do have a decent rig (i7 4790k, GTX 1080, 16gb) so I can't weigh in on performance for lower clocks speeds and graphics cards.On a annoying-but-not-deal-breaker note: the default keyboard shortcuts in the game are atrocious and some GUIs have no shortcuts. The default keyboard shortcuts require you to move your hand across the entire keyboard.  This can be fixed via customization, but has obviously had zero thought put into it. Also some GUI elements and menu nagivations are not possible w/o slow point and click movement. For a game where ceative types will spend hours repeating the same actions, this should all be left-hand-keyboard navigable.And lastly, if you like light, upbeat, folk music this game has a great sound track."
76561198005883029,Recommended,493340,26677093,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,warshank,"A beautifully crafted game with massive scope and potential ...  Lovely graphics, art design and a crazy amount of content to enjoy... Well worth every penny ... This is how a game should be made .."
,Recommended,493340,29516681,Posted: 26 January,all,@皿@ Wave For Days,This game is my memories. If you played Roller Coaster Tycoon while you were young. Then you have to buy this game.
76561197971332114,Recommended,493340,31109482,Posted: 12 April,all,bhamilto1x,"This is the absolute best ""game"" I've ever owned.  I put about 40 hours into the game part that was certainly ""decent"" but the real jewel is building your own rides and parks.  I've now put about 400 hours into the game and still going strong.  The graphics are phenomenal, and there is a massive community of content creators who post reusable buildings, rides, etc."
,Recommended,493340,29309954,Posted: 16 January,all,Kootiepatra,"The objectives and park management basics of Planet Coaster will be familiar to any fan of the classic Roller Coaster Tycoon games, but the added customization, challenges, and stunning graphics are a breath of fresh air. While the camera and construction controls took me a while to get used to, I love the freedom they bring to zoom around the park and to twist and bend coasters to your exact imagination.Coaster building, while not exactly intuitive, is vastly improved upon from the classic RCT games. Of course the visuals and customization are dramatically heightened. But you can also construct while paused, undo anything you're not happy with (as opposed to demolishing the track at a financial loss), and even test the coaster while it's still incomplete to make sure your design is on the right track (HA).The testing feedback is incredibly useful, and can visually highlight exactly which parts of the track aren't functioning well. The problems can often be fixed without having to destroy or undo a lot of work--you can take already-built sections of track and pull and twist them, or use the game's built-in smoothing tools. This all makes custom-building coasters in a career scenario much more feasible in terms of time, cost, and odds of success than it was in the old games.If this is your first coaster sim, then this game is likely to be overwhelming for a while, but it's a highly rewarding game with endless opportunities for creativity.Having only completed the beginner levels I have to say that I LOVE the absence of time-sensitivity from the career mode requirements. Achieving a goal quickly means you can simply move on, rather than puttering around your park waiting for your timer to run out. Or, just like in the older games, you can continue developing your parks after all goals are met if you so choose.Overall I love this game; aside from some minor complaints about a few unwieldy controls, I couldn't be happier with it. I anticipate losing many hours to it."
,Not Recommended,493340,26701815,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Angry Humping,"You're used to this story by now, the industry has trained us to buy games that aren't complete.If the question is: Is this the RCT3 sequel I've been waiting for? The answer is: It totally will be in a year, and hopefully we won't have to pay more for it.In short, the core game is here, and fantastic. It is absolutely the true successor to the rollercoaster tycoon series. The bad news is it's got 20% of the content it should, and is the very clear product of a community of alpha testers who were primarily interested in their favorite pet coaster and elaborate, hyper-detailed scenery and building options.But the game doesn't even have as many rides in TOTAL as RCT3 shipped with in each CATEGORY of ride. There are a fair number of coasters but several of them are just duplicates of one another with minor variants, and there still aren't as many as shipped with previous tycoon games.The management is even more rudimentary than RCT3  and offers precisely zero innovations, the career campaign is as identically bland and forgettable as old games, and in many cases the interface is actually a step back, although they're tweaking it bit by bit. Oh, and that revolutionary ""guest brain"" they spent so much time hyping in marketing? You'll just have to take their word for it that it's under there, somewhere. Because parks operate, and guests react, identically to the way they did in RCT3. There are absolutely no visible signs of this ""simulation evolved"" nonsense they kept going on about. It's RCT3 with better graphics and less functionality right now, straight up.The game shouldn't have gone full release yet, it deserved and required another 6 months of development dedicated solely to expanding features and content. But the devs have promised heavy post-release support before pursuing paid DLCs, so we can hope that in a year's time they'll have actually completed the game and we can finally enjoy the next rollercoaster tycoon in all its glory.The degree to which you want to be upset about this shortcoming is up to you. I'm fine with it, but only on the promise that they'll actually complete the game now that they've sold it to me.But don't believe the fanboys raving about how it's already perfect. They're so dedicated to supporting the game that they're willing to lie to themselves and tell each other stories about ""omg how hard it is to make a game in 2016 compared to 20 years ago we should be so grateful we have what we do,"" which is patent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The devs built a very solid core game then skipped the second half of development in favor of releasing it to the paying market, and it shows. But it's likely to only change for the better as time goes on. I fully expect to be updating this review to an unconditional ""recommend"" within 12 months."
,Recommended,493340,26749119,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,mazjohn,"I've wondered for a long time why developers have not continued to grow this sim park management genre.Well, now we have Planet Coaster, and I want to say I think this is an excellent game. The game builds upon and modernizes one of my favorite classic games of all time, Roller-Coaster Tycoon. You can tell that painstaking detail and attention have been given to this title by it's developers. I do hope to see the developer further expand this game with addon packs, more ride variety, ability to create more custom ride types, a deeper financial management system AI, and community mod support. If this happens, i could see myself playing this game for a very long time to come.If you haven't played any park or management sims in the past, this is a great opportunity to get into one of the most addictive type of games you will ever play. The graphics detail is amazing and the editing design engine works well.As you can probably tell, I highly recommend  this game."
,Recommended,493340,33746808,Posted: 23 July,all,Smoky89,"I bought the game over a month ago and haven't stopped playing since then! You can put so much time into this game, the possibilities in this game are really endless!!"
,Recommended,493340,28579295,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,jstreet,"Beautiful theme park sim, with an emphasis on design. This game has many tools to make your park look amazing. Personally, I like to design roller coasters more than anything, but spending time working on a station, entryway, plaza, etc can be very satisfying.Pros:+Terrific graphics+Many coaster types+Huge scenery and building piece collection+Steam Workshop+Foxy!Cons:-Not a huge selection of flat rides (but more probably on the way)-Performance issues in large parks with many guests-Fairly high asking priceI've loved my experience with this game so far. Brings me back to RollerCoaster Tycoon days."
,Recommended,493340,31320470,Posted: 23 April,all,B1337,What cities skylines did to sim city - this does to rollercoaster.
76561198283790093,Recommended,493340,29092117,Posted: 7 January,all,joe.darling92,This game is perfect for those who love to design parks and rides. This not for those a who are impatient ether. This game take roller coaster tycoon to a whole new level with the 3D graphics and innovative concept. A must buy!
76561198346568738,Recommended,493340,31424964,Posted: 28 April,all,xeropulse,"Let me just start by saying right away that this game is simply consuming all of my free time. It is a phenomenal roller coaster park simulator where the only limit to what you can do in the game is based on your imagination.This game has 3 modes to play with.A career mode in which is just like you would expect in a game of this type where you take control of a park that is already semi built and you have 3 levels of completion to achieve such as easy, medium and hard.The other mode is challenge mode where you are given certain tasks to achieve and you must complete  them to progress through. This mode gives you a nice variety and diddiculty then the other modes. The last mode is probably a mode you will spend the most time in which is sandbox mode where you are given unlimited resources and everything in the game is unlocked from the start.Another bonus is the fantastic community in which plays this game and contributes to the workshop through blue prints from rides to scenery. Large collection on YouTube tutorial videos.The only downside to this game is a little one at that. Its lack of information when it comes to hotkeys is and advanced building hotkeys. Honestly though there is so many resources online that it is not that big of a deal.The developer is doing a fantastic job communicating with the community and keeping updates coming at a general pace that there seems to be always something new.9.5/10 and just like to say you won't regret this purchase and I say good job to the developers for making and continuing the development of this game."
,Recommended,493340,30938577,Posted: 4 April,all,DebonaireToast,"THE game for a sim-fan, with SO much creative freedom! Terrain forming is much easier & custom detailing is eye-opening! Really.. LOOOOOOK AT THE WORKSHOP!! The workshop community is very active and there's tons of tutorials to get you started. Great for a casual player or an in-depth creator!*edit at 477 hr mark*I've hereby pledged to buy all associated DLC, providing I can do so and it meets similar standards.Custom coloring, layering of shapes for creating sculptures, etc make for seriously detailed parks. The devs have been so thorough with their updates. They've added so many new rides! I love the spring update so much! There's new shop fascias, new decorations and signs! The added gameplay element of vandals & pickpockets -vs- security is also very fun.Have you noticed the cheatcodes yet? Check em out.Honestly though, my favorite part is the PlanetCoaster creator community. They're the friendliest bunch of creative gamers I've ever run across. People share their awesome creations so that YOU can play with them too! How many hours of labor goes into each creation and they just share it with you?! :DThis game is rad, and any theme-park sim fan would be missing out not to jump into all this fun."
76561197998501685,Not Recommended,493340,33318399,Posted: 6 July,all,tipsy,"*IN-DEPTH REVIEW*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Bhn0yhY83YBah, this is such a heart-heavy review to make, especially since i enjoy so many great things about this game. However, one of the most important, if not THE most important aspect of theme park building/simulation games in my opinion is mising..Let's start of with the good:- Incredible theme park atmosphere fills your park.- Huge variety of scenery options, together with steam workshop breathes new life into the park building scene- Great graphics- Great soundtrack + sound effects- Great realistic simulation of visitors- Huge range of coasters and rides to build- Great customization options- Scenery building is super well made and easy to useNow, the pros of this game are many and some of them really impressive (especially the outstanding theme created by Jim Guthrie) makes for a great game. But we still have the negative/not so good things to cover:The bad:- Path-building can be really annoying and tedious at times, the mechanics are pretty messy- NO TUTORIAL??? WHAT?.. If it weren't for numerous youtubers giving tips and tricks throughout their playthroughs, i would have been left in the dirt with this game.- Optimization. Now, this of course depends on your system. I'm running the game on the GTX 1050 TI, and i found that the framerate started to drop extremely fast. After building 4-5 coasters with 2 rides and scenery to fit, the bad framerate became so unbeareable, that i had to turn everything down to lowest settings, and even then, the framerate is around 30-40 when viewing what i've created thus far.- Timed objectives. This was something in prior coaster games that worked really well, and i dont understand why Frontier  haven't included in the game. No objectives is hard when you have infinte time to achieve them. And this leads me to my nr. 1 biggest issue with this game..- NO MANAGEMENT. Well now some of you may be disagreeing with me, saying that there are many different management options and tweeks you can do to your park to squeeze the most juice out of your rides and shops, and that is true. However what you fail to realize, is that IT DOESNT MATTER!.. IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO FAIL IN THIS GAME!!.. How did this go wrong?I myself being extremely familiar with the genre, playing all of the previous Roller Coaster Tycoon games (and several other failures, RTW cough*), can't believe that the most important aspect has been left out. Even in the challenge modes on the hardest difficulties settings, it's childs-play! Place down 1 coaster, build shop for food and drink and a toilet. Wait. Build a second coaster. Wait. Build your first ride.. SUCCES! YOU'VE NOW OFFICIALY BEATEN THE MANAGEMENT-PART OF GAME!.. Wait, what??Now I get it that some people love building the park of their dreams and go crazy with scenery making everything look good and all that, i get it, i do.. But just leaving out the most crucial thing of the game, even when making a so called 'Challenge mode' that's just 2 hours of challenge and then sandbox from then on, is just not what i find fun in a park building game. The previous roller coaster games did it really well, and i just dont see why it's been dumped down like this.So, in conclusion..- If you are in for a sandbox build the park of your dreams game, then by all means, buy this game, it's great for that purpose!- If you, like me, are in for a challenging manage and build your park carefully, plan your coasters and shops, tweak prices, managing wages, managing economy etc. etc.. Then dont. It just flat out fails to do that. Maybe some time in the future Frontier will provide an update to the management side of things, but until that day, hold on to your money."
,Recommended,493340,26647707,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,PECE_Mast3r_Race,"This game is Awful!!!!!! It's super buggy, the developers aren't the same, and to make matters worse they (off-screen mumbling) wait what? (more off-screen mumbling) OOOOOHH this is about Planet Coaster, I thought you were talking about RCT: World. Yah Planet Coaster is worth every penny, perfect 10/10."
,Recommended,493340,26709779,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,codewing.de,exactly what a rollercoaster sim should be.+ lots of different coasters+ lots of scenery stuff+ good controls (easy to build what you want)+ own music (they should add searching the subfolders - or at least this doesnt work for me)+ ablility to save the awesome coasters you've made
76561198071044912,Recommended,493340,26671240,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dababoy,"I have played all the theme park related games in my life from DOS Theme Park.Before this game was released Roller Coaster Tycoon 2 was the epic game.But now the only regret I have is that I did not purchase this game on the early access.I wish I could have helped and supported this crew and the project much earlier.The reason why this game is so great is because it is limitless.You can spend 10 second building a burger house, but also spend 2-3 hours building a burger house.Each park will not look the same. Each stores even won't look the same.It is really up to you how you want your park to look like.Second definitely would be the music. How can't you love the music?One of the lacking features of other park simulation games were music but this has that solved!Thank you so much for giving this great game to us!"
,Recommended,493340,28130270,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,RygarRyan,"Played for 3 days straight over a long weekend after release, herniated a disc in my neck getting ready for work the following Monday. Brutal pain, lots of ice and Advil.  I now have a sit-stand desk.  10/10."
76561198111158797,Recommended,493340,26645799,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,LoseAlotLuke,"I freaking love this game, its everything and more fro moriginal RCT games"
,Recommended,493340,26686535,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,whatstaters,I have waited YEARS for another coaster sim to come out. This game brings back all of the nostalgia from when I was kid. You can tell the devs really took their time to give people what they want and they executed it very well. Can't wait to see what they do in the future!
,Recommended,493340,32734979,Posted: 24 June,all,NPCs,"I've played Roller Coaster Tycoon I, II , III and I loved itNow , In Planet Coaster !First time I played in harder mode (Hardest mode in the game) my park got profits -10000$You're not become just a park's creator.You have to manage everything in it such as facilities fees , maintenance fees , staff's salary and moods !!!You're the real manager.This is what I love !!!"
,Recommended,493340,26646961,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,CelestialArtisan,Why I love Planet Coaster so much?It is not Rollercoaster Tycoon WorldEditAnother part I love about Planet Coaster is that now waiting for RCTW to get banned from steam will come quicker:):)
76561198006690931,Recommended,493340,26714634,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,JTrill_TRAPGOD,"It really reminds me of RCT 3 and my childhood. It's a fun game and to make a good coaster is challenging.I like the scenery and the whole element of people actually caring if there is scenery on your ride.I can see why some people say it's ""too easy"" since the first few challenges are pretty simple. However, about halfway through career I feel like the challenge gets harder since you aren't given a park with any rides like the first few challenges.I am not the best simulator player so for someone who struggled with RCT 3 and meeting all of the goals after the first few scenarios this is my level of difficulty. It's not so hard that I get mad and give up, but you definitely have to try and plan well without getting a bunch of 20% loans to plummet you into debt.TLDR: If you like Rollercoaster Tycoon 1-3, then I would get this game because it is fun and easy to get lost in when you are making scenery or trying to make a really great coaster with little nausea."
76561198014343888,Not Recommended,493340,26729436,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Ganther,"If you just want tocreate beautifulkick-a** park then treat this review asThumbs up. You will have tons of fun creating breath-taking sceneries and wicked caves, castles or buildings in general.If you are looking for a challenge and management then you won't find what you are looking for in this game.Planet Coaster is to RollerCoaster like Cities Skylines is to SimCity. Creativity > Management.Pros:+ Beautiful graphics and lightning.+ Easy to create a stunning scenery.Cons:- Frustrating path building- Guests have no problems with paying $30 for a ride.- Two carousels can attract 1k+ guests.- No map editor- When you want to changle prices of food/drinks you have to click on each building and change the prices individually.- Challenges on the level of ""attract 200 guests"" or ""build 2 rides"".- Very bad optimalization. i7 4770K, gtx 1070, 16gb ram, I have things on medium-high in order to have constant 60 fps. With everything on ultra i have 30-40 fps and strange slow-motions when moving the camera.I have refunded the game, but will buy it again when the developer fix the problems presented above."
76561198173091217,Recommended,493340,33868985,Posted: 28 July,all,BASIC,This is one of my favorite games. The frontier devlopers are always putting new content in and it is an overall great game to have due to the many different things available in game.
,Not Recommended,493340,32822355,Posted: 26 June,all,theaaronone,"After some awesome feedback in the comments on my review, I repurchased the game to give it another try - I will leave the original up below for context, but aside from the listed retractions, I still feel largely the same way: this is NOT a hard 'NO' on my recommendation - I actually do very much recommend this game, but I strongly advise you make sure it's what you want before your refund period is up.*1) There IS a mode to build up a park from scratch, it is the 'Challenge Mode' - there is a 'Career Mode' that is built around doing challenges, and a 'Challenge Mode' built around creating a singular park from the ground up. This seem backwards to me, hence I completely missed it the first time around.**2) In the 'Challenge Mode' you CAN change the entry way paths, and customize the entryway pretty much any way you wish. 'Sandbox Mode' did not allow me to do this.Huge thanks to those that posted on this and got me to give it another look!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TL;DR: It's a very pretty game, and allows for  a LOT of minute detail and customization - but if you're looking for a tycoon-management-sim type game, this probably won't scratch that itch for you.This is a very well made theme park builder, and it is absolutely beautiful. However, looks are only skin deep, and unfortunately, so are this games sim-management mechanics.*There are challenges that you can go through to give the feeling of building up a park to see it succeed or fail based on your ability to manage - but it's *very* shallow. You're operating within pre-built parks, with pre existing goals. Essentially, just working a puzzle to get to the arbitrary make 'x' number of dollars, have x number of visitors, etc. to earn the star(s), then you move on to another park/challenge, and do it again. There's a sandbox mode that allows you to operate with unlimited funds and a prebuilt gate that you cannot move or customize apart from changing/adding ticket booths.**You can't even change the path type to match the rest of your park. From there, you can build whatever you want. For me personally, that's just not what I was looking for. I would have preferred to start from complete scratch, build my own gate, basic park, and expand and improve everything as my income begins to build.If you've played this sort of game previously, it's basically the same movement you're used to, however the placement tools are a bit clunky, it can feel as if the game is actively fighting you at times, especially on the paths; you almost have to trick the game into doing what you want, and it can be extremely frustrating - once you get it to work, you don't get a sense of accomplishment, more one of relief... at least until the next time you can't get a path or track to place properly.Between that, the shallow management, and the lack of a 'proper' career (tycoon) mode - I simply didn't find what I wanted here, and requested a refund.That said, if you just want to build an elaborate park (almost) from scratch, and have no interest in actually managing that park, or, enjoy the 'unique fixer-upper opportunity' style challenges with some basic management thrown in - this may be the game for you.However, if you are looking for the spirtual successor to RCT3, you may want to save your money, or wait until they add something like that into the game."
,Recommended,493340,26669571,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Fames,"I love this game. I can already say it is up there with the original Roller Coaster Tycoon and Theme Hospital as one of my favourite management games ever.In terms of gameplay, the game provides sufficient depth. You can manage your staff (training, area and task allocation); your rides (building, maintenance, themes, refurbishment, priority queues); and high level management such marketing campaigns and finances. There's definitely more that escapes me. With that said, I think there is room to add more depth and mechanics to the game in future DLC.You can make some really good-looking parks thanks to the game's great graphics and also the multitude of scenery and prop items you can place. The game allows you to build sophisticated scenes by letting you place various props on top of each other, and creating a sort of story for an area. In the pirate themed scenarios (the only scenarios I've played so far), you can make use of scaffoldings, ship wrecks (I'm talking multi-level hull wreckage), barrels and animated characters such as pirates and guards to create skirmish scenes.Speaking of animated props, you can tie those to triggers which are arbitrarily placed on ride tracks to make for awesome events. They aren't just for looks either; they will boost the appeal of the ride and will also make things more interesting for guests that are waiting in queues. If you take the effort to do this, guests won't mind waiting 10 minutes in the queue.The only thing that worries me is the amount of content. The game supports Steam Workshop, but it doesn't look like there are scenarios on the workshop. The game has 12 scenarios which I don't think will take me more than 20-30 hours."
76561198042005382,Recommended,493340,26729487,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ModestMuse,"This is an amazing sandbox theme park builder. If you are interested in building theme parks sandbox style, this game can not come highly recommended enough. If you love micromanagement, but also love theme parks, this game will be fun for a while, but you won't find any real challenge or problem solving in this game.I love the terrain tools and Steam Workshop integration. Let your creativity run wild."
,Recommended,493340,29287494,Posted: 15 January,all,Limit Breaker Stoof,Game brings all my dreams to life.
76561198003381569,Recommended,493340,26665862,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,valefor_sdad,"This game is amazing.So alive, it feels like a Sid game with modern graphics.Here is the best part, with no tutorials read or watched, I was able to create a semi decent wooden rollercoaster from scratch, I have never played a game like this where the building part felt intuitive.Get it if you like park sims."
,Recommended,493340,26651049,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,JMRboosties,The only flaw with this game is the inadequacy you'll feel when you see other people's creations online.
,Recommended,493340,26709082,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ItsPharcyde,"Amazing game inside and out. The ability to create whatever your imagination can muster up. A wide variety of things to choose from to make your own park unique and special to you! Each guest you encounter has a mind of their own, always letting you know when and how to keep your park upbeat and tidy. This game brought me back to my childhood playing the Tycoon franchise.Endless hours of relaxing enjoyment! You owe it to yourself to play!"
76561198048355702,Recommended,493340,27499546,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,"Mongo, Pawn in Game of Life",If you're looking for the modern Roller Coaster Tycoon or Sim Theme Park. This is it. It's that simple.
76561198356720896,Recommended,493340,34440284,Posted: 23 August,all,Collinzinken21,"i really like all of the possibillities of the game and the community is soooo well put together, everyone helps each other and the communication with frontier is nice aswell, and there are still many updates to come hopefully :)"
76561198059295301,Recommended,493340,29457563,Posted: 24 January,all,Surviva777,"This game is just simply the best real life rollercoaster simulation game out there to buy. if you like theme parks then this game is definetely for you.This game was so much better than I'd thought it be, it's just incredible! You can create your own peep/avatar and customize them, you can share coaster blueprints to your steam workshop. But overall, the graphics, oh wow just amazing and just the audio and how realistic it all feels. I do not know what to say but everything is very realistic in this game and it's just great, not to mention you can do your own custom music. The peeps scream especially in this game, can I just say it's allot different, they also have fun and enjoy themselves and peeps react while on rides like when going down drops the peeps head go around the place xD And when testing, they used dummies lol! The music sounds beautiful and the game is just the same of how it would and should be excatly in real life. Peeps can get prioty passes to cut infront in queues. The effects are crazy cool. Sometimes in career mode, get the coolest places with rides and scenary. And sometimes at the park entrance, it shows names of celebreties whos been to the park paved into the path. All the audio sounds are very realistic, the rides especially. Can share blueprints for steam workshop. The graphics already look really good on lowest graphics so imagine if your computer could take highest? (Mine can take medium to high) It was so much better than I'd thought it be and the game really surprised just how good it really is and you just simply must get it if you'd thought of getting it. Get the game and don't hold back :-D There is so much to tell you guys how amazing this game is and how worth it is getting! When peeps get on the ride, they pull down the harness themselves. This game was definetely worth getting! I almost want to cry because I make a park that's so good and realistic then I realise, oh wait, I can't actually go there, haha. It feels so real! Get this game and make your theme park dreams become true, you will not regret buying Planet Coaster and I really do not understand why so many negative reviews about this game when it smashes any other RCT game in history! And the game runs perfectly fine! This game is just too good to be true, you must buy it a second time then the third! No, really, I wasn't kidding there. :-D Oh to put your own music onto Planet Coaster...right...Heres how to do it. I'm so happy :'-DOh sorry, was about to show the how to do the...yep...here's how..xD I""M SO HAPPY TO HAVE BOUGHT THIS GAME WHOOPWHOOP!!! INCREDIBLE GAME JUST INCREDIBLE, IT'S TEARS OF JOY I HAVE IN MY EYES NOW AND IT'S NOT GOING AWAY :'-D I know allot of people say they don't recommend and there are problems with the game like designs and other stuff like that and don't listen to the fanboys. I say, do not listen to those who don't make sense at all in their reasoning and don't know what they are saying before thinking xD This game is perfect and I usually give some faults but I seriously couldn't find any problems with the game it's just so good and you must get it. Do not listen to other people who say you shouldn't get it because even though the game isn't entirely finished, there is allot to do and it's crazy fun, it's a must get! I've always been a fan of RCT and this smashes it for me. And also back off...cause I already took PLanet Coaster to be my wife xDStep 1: Download/get music from your itunes library/ any music and convert to it's support compatibility for Planet Coaster then copy all the music (I recommend converting to MP3)Step 2: Go into your files browser then click first, click on documents, then frontier developments, then user music.Step 3: Paste all your music into the user music file.Step 4: Launch Planet coaster again, then while in-game, wala, poof, got your own epicness custom musicness in game to use ^^If the game does happen to crash at all, I recommend checking what memory and graphics card your computer uses so you can see what AMD/radeon Crimson software is best suitable to make the game run as smooth as a river flowing. It works better with on laptops especially ^^ Or if there happens to be another software that boosts your computers memory then I recommend getting that so your game runs much more smoothly cause this game is more than just worth it.This game was just amazing! Still speechless and lost for words, theme park simulation game of the year! :-D You have to get this game so you can shed tears of joy the same as me so I'm not crying by myself here for a reason, it's just seriously one of the best games I have ever played! xDPLANET COASTER CHEAT CODES:1. Tegidcam - first person view ground camera (can control it, shift to walk, must type the cheat in SEARCH in scenary.)2. underconstruction - gives you 2 coasters to use in career mode for free! (must type the cheat in SEARCH in coasters, the cheat code sometimes does not work, 50 percent chance.)Definetely giving Planet Coaster a rating out of...100/100Game Rating: G (General)Catagory: Construction, Simulation"
76561198249946226,Recommended,493340,35005575,Posted: 16 September,all,JP23eeek,"So... Planet coaster,When I first saw this game, I never thought that it would become what it has become for me. It is my single favourite game of all time, but lo and behold, I had sunk more time into this game than any other on my first week.The controls are relavtively straightforward, and the tips will help familiarise you with how the game works. The building mechanics allow for unique and visually distinct restaurants, shops, and decorations across your park, be it your first resturant building, a jumble of pieces, or a 2,000 piece toilet, with monstrous amounts of pieces all contributing to a detailed, interesting design. Or just place down a blueprint from the workshop, if you're that way inclined. The workshop support is seamless in my experience.And the coasters? Well, with huge variety in the coaster types themselves, and full control over where they go and what they do, no two coasters may ever have to be the same. The flat rides are all cleverly designed, and for the most part will fit into anywhere you want them.The scenery options are equally as diverse as the buildings. With the ability to rotate and precisely place any piece from the huge selection in any and every possible way, every item can be use din different ways than it would at first seem. The five scenery themes (western, pirate, fairytale, sci-fi, and basic park) can be interchanged with absolute freedom! Want to build a park based around space cowboys? Go ahead! Ever want to know what a pirate theme would look like in a mountainous park? Be my guest! There are almost no restrictions that the game will throw up, and the gargantuan collection of pieces will give you the tools to build anything you want.The only downside that I have ever experienced with this game is some lag issues when you build larger parks. But the scale of a park necessary for serious frame issues is honestly gargantuan.In short,Planet coaster is a fun and engaging game, which you will sink hours into without realising it. A true follow up to the theme park simulators of old, this game is well worth the money it sells for"
76561198070579310,Recommended,493340,34927995,Posted: 13 September,all,Merkeh I MF,I love this game but without custom scenarios or the ability to add my own models there is nothing left for me to do.
,Recommended,493340,28691639,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Voconathem Requivent,"The Lord once said: ""Let there be one more ride"" and thus the Planet Coaster was born.10/10This is the 100% true successor to the RCT franchise. It is simply everything good about building a park and then some more. With great Roller Coaster building tools this game with keep you awake for hours."
76561198066864058,Recommended,493340,26745980,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,enrico22,"This is a very good game, the level of detail that you can go into when designing your park is truly captivating, Spent 4 hours designing the terrain and minor lighting before actually placing any rides down. Slightly dissapointing that the variety of rides and staff members are limited which made the game feel quite easy at times though"
,Recommended,493340,31126819,Posted: 13 April,all,kerred,"Recommended for the more creative and sandbox player with at least a 4GB graphics card (as of april 2017).An astonishing and beautiful amount of park and ride customization.Feels lacking in the career/challenge/park management aspect, but will take you a while to notice such issues, especially those new to tycoon like games.Currently played with a steam controller only (living room pc)."
,Recommended,493340,29565781,Posted: 29 January,all,afroleon,"The spiritual successor to RCT3, spent most of my week off work building a park and got so much into the scenary and buildings, have barely completed one corner. After watching various videos and downloading blueprints for ideas and inspiration, I'm hooked. Plus there's more to come..."
,Recommended,493340,31346839,Posted: 24 April,all,PlanetAlexander,"Let me tell you a little bit about my Roller Coaster of a childhood.After recieving Roller Coaster Tycoon (#1) for free in a Disney Magazine, I instantly fell in love with it. Like most, I couldn't get enough. But the trailers on the disc showed a new threat arising: RCT3.Getting RCT3 as a gift from a family member was one of the best days on my life. I didn't consume it;it consumed me.No matter the time, day or night, even when there was homework, chores, or when I was banned from the computer, I was glued to this game - wait, no, not ""game""...lifestyle.In every theme park I went to I would show off my knowledge of Roller Coasters, saying ""Hey, it's a [Giga Coaster]!"". Nothing - absolutely nothing - compared.You can't imagine my shock and glee at the to-be-released RCT4.I was so excited for the game release - I kept every picture released on my computer, checked the website at least 5 times every day and bragged about it all the time. That was, until, game release, when many a people made me doubt the game.Thanks to a great friend of mine, Planet Coaster was reccomended me, and I was heavily persuaded with ""It was made by the developers of RCT3"". It was then that I knew PC was the real succesor to the RCT series.Cut to Christmas last year, where just a couple of Steam gift cards felt like that special day of my childhood all over again.God Bless you, Frontier. God Bless you."
,Recommended,493340,29315990,Posted: 17 January,all,Just A Breastfeeding Mother,"This is the true successor to RCT3.I've been waiting for a game like this for almost 10 years, and now it is finally here.These are some pro/con's I've seen so far, but in general this game is a must have.Pro'sLot's of coastersPeople interact with your sceneryReally nice scenery building with the free mode.Workshop item'sSave item's as blueprints - This is way more easy than in RCT3The music is just perfectCon'sPeople seem to have more urge to buy a hat, than to ride a coasterNo custom scenery (yet, I hope?)control's can be hard in the beginningIf you search a hardcore manager game, you will be dissapointedNot that much scenery types to choose fromThis game is really great and was giving me a lot of flashbacks to the earlier rollercoaster games, but I am really waiting for the dev's to add even more scenery, and maybe some DLC's like Pools, Hotels?, Animals,..."
76561198081565534,Recommended,493340,33164391,Posted: 2 July,all,Oilers Fan,"spent $40 and thought meh its not worth it after an hour, 40hrs later and i can say i was wrong, if you like to build and manage but mostly build this game is top notch stuff"
,Recommended,493340,26683921,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Celador,"This game reminds me Sim Theme Park. It's bright, it looks nice, it has a lot of cool scenery items and allows you to fine tune just about everything.You can build elaborate coasters, you can decorate rides and stalls the way you want and you get plenty of information about your park to work with.Unfortunately there are some questionable choices the developers made - you can't build roads just anywhere since you always have to start from the park entrance or an existing road. This was a bad decision in recent Sim City and it's a bad decision for any game. You can't drag roads or tracks, you can only add more of them via clicking. While you can select how much pieces you want to add next it only adds to unnecessary clicking you have to do for menial tasks. Decorating is a constant chore - you can't just press button and place several things at once, you cant rotate by pressing mouse button and have to use keyboard button instead. You can't save blueprints along with a ride - you have to use separate ""skins"" (decorations) for each ride which means that on each map you'll have to place a ""skin"" then carefully put the ride inside, then change it's colors the way you want. Again this leads to even more unnecessary clicking and wasted time.Then there's an issue of content itself - while there are 4 different themes (5 if you count generic one) there aren't that many ready made blueprints. In fact - a lot of cool ideas, buildings and stuff from the career mode isn't added in the sandbox mode or across different maps. So you have to manually copy blueprints (some buildings can't be copied at all) or build everything yourself, or download stuff from the workshop. Why would developers include a lot of categories in blueprint sections which are empty is beyond understanding. They could've at least added every unique building and ride skin after you complete each level. And while there are quite a few rides and coasters - it doesn't feel like there's a lot of true variety in the game.I can only hope that they wont end up selling us the game over and over again with each expansion like the do with Elite: Dangerous or sell a million tiny pieces like EA does with Sims (the UI looks remarkably similar to Sims 3 and 4 by the way).I am still recommending this game simply because it looks good, runs good enough, feels like the Sim Theme Park which i used to enjoy and much better than Roller Coaster Tycoon World which was a complete disaster. I might change my opinion if they start producing a lot dlc's or expensive addons though."
76561197969922144,Recommended,493340,28760682,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,HaRdRiVe.Qc.Mtl,Simply the best coaster game out there. Scenery simulator of the year. Management a bit weak right now.
76561198355354060,Recommended,493340,34018497,Posted: 4 August,all,Buddy Jarrett,"This game is quite the treat. Build that dream theme-park you have always envisioned. Construct colossus coasters comprised of crazy creations. Only complaint is there are no dogs. I guess a custom zoo option would be nice, but I'm good with just some dogs hangin out. 10/11 needs a bit more fluffers."
76561198031466406,Recommended,493340,26709394,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Temp3r,"Simply amazing !! Limitless creativity, intuitive and just plain FUN !!!!!!. The attention to detail and character animation is fantastic and puts a smile on your face. The game can be as simple or complex as you want it to be. I've only had a few hours and I can already say you can't go wrong buying this game. It's the Cities Skyline of Theme Park games."
,Recommended,493340,34138677,Posted: 9 August,all,contrabass master,Im not really sure why I find it so amusing to have people walk 10 stories up just to use the bathroom.
76561198066047238,Recommended,493340,28088278,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rawr xD,10/10 we got a new theme park gameSeriously this game is amazing!!!now we need a new jurrasic park game ;)
,Recommended,493340,29355318,Posted: 19 January,all,SlapStickDavis,"Like Roller Coaster Tycoon, but don't want to suffer the travesty that is Roller Coaster Tycoon Worlds, and don't want to scratch your nostalgia itch? Get this game."
,Recommended,493340,28197772,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Voodoo,"An extremely high quality, entertaining contender that makes RCT3 look like a child's toy-thing.Planet Coaster reiginites the spark thats been missing and overshadows its supposed ""Contender"" being Roller Coaster Tycoon World. With a huge selection of coasters and scenery, the amount of creation that can be accomplished is down right overwhelming. While there are some what limited amount of shops, I still feel the sheer quality of P-C helps.The peeps in the park are pretty relateable / organic, Coaster cam is better than ever and riding honestly makes me want to buy a HTC Vive.A few minor faults: Needs more shops, fps tanks hardcore on huge parks, park challenge isn't really there.Overall: buy it, great game, hours of fun"
,Not Recommended,493340,26747334,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Umter,"Planet Coaster is a very pretty theme park builder game.Unfortunately, it underdelivers on the management side of things, you place items and they make a profit, simple as that.There's no level of challenge whatsoever.I've also experienced performance issues on larger parks, including stuttering, low frame rates, and complete crashes.If you want a theme park builder, this game is for you, but if you want an immersive theme park management game with real challenge, move along."
,Recommended,493340,30517366,Posted: 14 March,all,smits017,"Amazing game, can't get enough! Even though the pre built stuff can be lacking in themeing (even though there are a few themes there such as pirate, sci fi, etc), You can easily make pretty much whatever the hell you want by combining bits together.The graphics are pretty darn good for a coaster sim, and I love the goofy cartoon aesthetic the game has, although all of your rides will look amazing at the same time. The soundtrack is pretty darn good as well, but if you don't like that, you can actually add music from your own library into the game!No good at building? Don't worry, the community has your back, with thousands of creations of pretty much anything you can think of, from a park spanning rollercoaster, to a small dinky octopus statue (you're welcome lol)The game is also constantly updated, with a big update scheduled to hit next month, adding a lot of new content to the game (if the PAX streams were anything to go by).The only main issue I have with the game is the FPS drops you get if you have over a certain amount of guests in your park. Besides that, beautiful game, with a lot of charm and a playground you could spend hours on hours in creating the next coaster.Would highly recommend to anyone who is a fan of sim games."
76561198183233287,Recommended,493340,26726562,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,gparker0015,"The gameplay is fantastic, but it has crashed twice on me within the first couple hours of gameplay. My system is putting out 60 fps on Ultra so the game is not overbearing my system. Everything runs smooth as butter and then just stops and crashes. I do recommend this game, I just hope the developers fix the crashing issue soon."
,Recommended,493340,26755237,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Flying Dutchman,I've spent an hour just designing a basic goddamn information kiosk. God forbid if I ever get to the rollercoasters...10/10 Would recommend.
,Recommended,493340,28705442,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,64_bit,"If you see this game and say ""WOW! That looks fun!"" get it. Even if you just want to play the sandbox mode making absurd coasters is still fun."
76561198127509266,Recommended,493340,34214534,Posted: 13 August,all,TERROR NOISE DIVISION,This game is a work of art. It is so much fun to play and it recieves consistant updates! There is so much to do and so many possibilities to do in this game. I think I couldn't ask for anything better in this game than the sandbox mode. Sandbox is incredibly fun and gives you unlimited creative abilities! Solid 10/10
76561198322105870,Recommended,493340,28132010,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Noyjoy,"This is the kind of game you play when you had a bad day at work and just want to relax. It has the best feeling of playing the old-school roller coaster games back in the 90's and early 2000's. The game captures the joy of making your park YOURS, even if it isnt perfect. You have a huge variety of rides to choose from and unlimited amount of customability with the roller coasters. Management of the park (in career mode) does a really good job at slowly showing you how the games works and how each aspect works. Nothing is more rewarding than seeing your park function and look awesome all at the same time.  Overall i highly recomment this game to eveyone. It is a relaxing, rewarding and fun game to play. The community also has a big following so adding new additions to your park is easy and fun."
,Recommended,493340,27658334,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ray Vengeance,Only 16 hours in and I can tell I will put hundreds of hours into this game. If you like city building/managment/tycoon/building/theme parks/rollercoasters etc. etc. BUY IT.
76561198178832993,Recommended,493340,30183100,Posted: 25 February,all,E2219,"Probably my favorite game in a while.However. I think it's missing some items/ needs a few fixes.Due to the Launched B&M Wing Coaster being added in with only one in existence. There should be a Launched RMC Wooden Coaster.There should either be ""vanilla trains"" or a multi-train selection. Trains like the ones on Malice Unchained lock a player into a certain theme. I think they should either change all of the trains to ""vanilla"" or put in a multi-train selection like in RCT3.There should be more themes. period.Last, I, along with many people, find the friction in this game HORRIBLE. It needs to be fixed.Even with all my complaints. This game is COMPLETELY worth the money."
,Not Recommended,493340,26727698,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,[OHG] StrikeForceZero,"Pros:- Beautiful- Great Voxel Terrain to shape AROUND your coasters- Awesome crowd movementCons:- No real management aspect, feels impossible to lose- Impossible to macro manage, everything has to be managed indivdually- The fundraiser $500 for a square with your name on it at the entrance of each park is a misfitting.Each entrance is the same dull thing.- I may not have given this game enough time but there appears to be a lack of choice in buildings/themes- Controls are exremly un-intuitive. The most common one I use for rotating a building required me to hold Z.. Or holding shift to raise or lower a object. I feel like shift for rotate and then 2 dedicated buttons for higher or lower would have been better. (of course I may have overlooked if this was changeable in the control menu or not)If you are in to designing a park and not really the management aspect of it then this one is what you are looking for but if you are in it for any challenge or tycoon like gameplay maybe take a look at parkitect, not nearly as polished or great graphics but I rather recommend a park tycoon enthusist that because at least it has a more forgiving price point and simple nature we are used to."
,Recommended,493340,28271620,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Lord X1,"As terrible as I am at this game, it keeps me wanting to tinker with settings more and more to fix the obvious problems in my park.  Each time I think I'm getting on top of something, I find another tweak I could make in an attempt to actually become half decent at this thing; it's keeping me engaged, because I know it's possible.If you loved the original Roller Coaster Tycoon series, you'll love this game.I only regret this purchase as I've regretted the purchase of Sim City:  I'm terrible at the game, but I -know- that it's possible to be succeed D:"
76561197969004699,Recommended,493340,26649146,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Kaesden,"When roller coaster tycoon world was first announced, i was super hyped for it. Then came the first beta weekend for those unfortunate souls who prepurchased the game. It became clear it was an incomplete unplayable mess. Then the game was fully released as the absolute turd it was a little over a year ago, Very quickly pulled from steam and later released again as early access. Somewhere during all this i discovered planet coaster. did some research... THIS is actually the sequel to RCT3, made by Frontier, but Atari owned the rights to the series actual name, so planet coaster was born. I saw the alpha footage, feedback from those who joined early seemed positive. Cautiously optimistic I kept following the games progress. Everything seemed to be coming to gether nicely with each update, but my hopes had already been burned once so i never preordered, until two days ago after seeing some gameplay of the prelaunch build. It took all of 10 minutes of watching... waiting for something to not work well...but, that never happened. Everything i was seeing was knocking expectations out of the park. So i bought the game. Only a couple hours in and I couldn't be more impressed with the sheer scope of the game, its incredible. Performance is amazing, visuals are amazing, the interface is just about perfect as well. The variety of objects, special effects, rides, and of course coasters, is more than i was expecting. Why are you still reading this? BUY THE GAME ALREADY. Its seriously good.TLDR; This game is the polar opposite of RCTW. its the perfect modern take on the rollercoaster/theme park simulator game, with great content. Definitely reccomended."
,Recommended,493340,26699131,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,JDubz,"At my current state I have only got 1.9 Hours in, as I recently got this game yesterday and have not had much time to play this. But I can tell you what, those first 1.9 hours I got in, was well worth it. This is just...FANTASTIC! I mean, this is a game we deserved from the RollcerCoaster Tycoon series, but sadly crash and burned terribly from the latest installment of RollerCoaster Tycoon World.Keep in mind, in the current state of this game is paractically in Beta. There aren't a whole lot of features in this game at it's current state. Oh, should I mention that the people who made RollerCoaster Tycoon 3, are the people who made this? Yep.As I wait, I become more impatient for the things what await in the future for this game!"
,Recommended,493340,26645853,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Blue_Portal,"Love it. 8/10Like RCT 3 but much better!Custom Buildings is amazing!Workshop is great!2 small improvements thou.1: Allow blueprint coasters to build through terrian. (like the tracks)2: Paths can be funn to turn from one to two, as they both can go near the top and it causes the top to stick out.But overall the game  is worth it"
76561198009801163,Recommended,493340,28330625,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,albright8787,"Planet Coaster turned out to be exactly what I was looking for. I've had a lot of crashing as soon as my park gets very large. I never had this problem in the beginning challenges. A bit of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if you forget to save often. So I hope this gets fixed. I love all the time I've put into this game. If you love customizing and making your own shops and buildings and don't care how time consuming it may be. You will fall in love with this game. Rollercoaster building is very challenging at first. Ive spend hours building a coaster to realize nobody wants to get on it lol.. then you make adjustment to see to their needs. Like Excitement, just the right amount of fear, low nausia, and a scenic view around your queue. Not to mention making adjustments to ticket price. The longer the coaster is, the more time it takes to make its rounds, the more money you have to charge per ticket to make a profit. This all can be very time consuming. But in the end you can save it as a blueprint for use in future parks. Which makes it all that much more rewarding. Then start over to make a rollercoaster to work in symphony makes it all the more badass. While also saving precious space. The path system is pretty clunky. If you are a perfectionist, this could be a deal breaker for you. The path system is something I really love. Because I like my paths to weave around nook & crannies, Scenery, Coasters, and rides. Takes away that part of me that needs everything to be perfect and is more real to actual theme parks I've attended and enjoyed in real life. There is so much room for DLC. I can't wait to see what's to come in the next few years. Until then, I need to figure out why I keep crashing haha."
76561198048892984,Recommended,493340,29611401,Posted: 31 January,all,Wicked Cyclone,"Highly recommend Planet Coaster, it is a fantastic game. I have been playing Theme Park Sims since RCT1 and this is easily one of my favorites. It is very realistic, the graphics are great, and it is very easy to get a park going. The game is incredibly well done and I am looking forward to upcoming updates and potential DLC."
76561198147241389,Recommended,493340,31470263,Posted: 30 April,all,AliceSprings888,"This game allows you to build, build, and build. Plenty of options to make every park unique.  A ton of fun!  There is a sandbox mode as well as challenge modes.  If you like to design, build, and modify your park but aren't really interested in the finances then sandbox mode is for you.  If you love the management aspect then the game has plenty to offer there too.  The Steam community has thousands of amazing (!!!!)  Workshop items to add to your park, and of course you can design your own rides, shops, etc.  Most of the rides have a camera-mode so you can ride next to your guests.  There are many great features and the developers continually update and improve the game.  Planet Coaster is colorful, well-designed, and so much fun!"
,Recommended,493340,27673917,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DonSeismo,"Finally we get a new amusement park simulation that can keep up with the legends in this genre! It has been a long time to wait for all the roller coaster tycoon series fans out there. The possibilities in Planet Coaster seem endless. The provided toolkit for coaster and scenary cration is incredibly powerful and seems only limited by imagination or creativity. Also the technical framework, level of detail and graphic style fit perfectly into 2016 and transfer this genre to modern times.The steam workshop is the best partner you can think of to extend the game and provide a platform to share all the blueprints and easily compensates the lack of prebuilt stuff in the base game. Once you browse through the workshop you'll realize that the tools are the more important basic than the content in the base game. And in this perspective they have done everything right!Yes the park management part could be improved and I really hope that even after the alpha/beta they read the customer feedback. Some improvements here and there and it could be the genre leader for the next few years.And please Frontier, give us them animal and water park expansions!"
76561198191203985,Recommended,493340,32020215,Posted: 28 May,all,saucysarawrxo,"Great game, one of the best coaster games iv played in a long time.ProsGreat GameplayEasy to navigate the menusPlenty of customisationConsStaff Management could be improved as there is only really wages and training that affects the staffs happiness"
,Recommended,493340,26710056,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Sailordude9980,"I have had less than an hour with the game, so keep that in mind.First Impressions - Peaceful, innovative, gorgeous, creative.Sometimes I get tired of getting bullets in the head, knived in the stomach, crashing into walls.  It hits all the right notes to make it fun.  The only learning curve is your imagination.This game will be great with the kids.  ""Where does my Princess want her castle?"""
76561198066597202,Recommended,493340,32860564,Posted: 27 June,all,SpockEndil,"This is a very good game.It doesn't quite capture the atmosphere of the original Rollercoaster Tycoon, but then I've never played any other game that did either, including the subsequent RCT games.  But it's really fun and well executed.It's a bit lacking as a park management game, but as a park and attraction building game, it's superb.  If you're creative and talented, you can do some amazing things with it.  If you're not, then you can download mind-blowing stuff created by other people on the Workshop.Also, the developer has been outstanding at releasing frequent major upgrades and updates for the game.  I paid for the game once, but feel like I've gotten a free season pass along with it."
76561198087159768,Recommended,493340,33712815,Posted: 21 July,all,1266Mafia,"One word: Amazing!Planet Coaster should have been named Roller Coaster Tycoon 4 imo. Not that trash mobile version of the game. This game is the true sequel to RCT3. It's very similar to it. The peeps look similar in ways, but the models in this game are amazing! The game is absolutely STUNNING when it comes to graphics. Best theme park builder out on the market currently. Would recommend 100000/10. Buy if you loved RCT3. $45 for this is well worth it."
,Recommended,493340,26646960,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nokturnalb6six6,This game is the true successor to roller coaster tycoon. If you enjoyed any of the older roller coaster tycoon games then you will love this. Only thing I wish they would add is more flat ground rides. Otherwise I have no complaints.
76561198093430155,Not Recommended,493340,31892685,Posted: 21 May,all,Garrish,"I was pretty excited when I first started playing but I expected a more RCT feel to it.  It's more of a park design showcase than it is an actual game.  Not much fun after you plop down a few rides, set waypoints for different staff, and put in a couple stores to keep guests happy.  New security update just means more assets to plop down and if you simply put cameras and guards at regular intervals crime seems to stay pretty low making them more like a mascot with cameras.Roller coaster design is fun a couple of times but you have to drag triggers the entire length of the track in order to place them and it just gets boring.  Nothing really exciting happens.  I know this isn't RCT but in RCT when a ride crashed, people died and noone wanted to go on that ride again for a while.  Nothing zany happens, people just come in and go on rides.  Taking care of staff once placed is simply click to level them, then click an up arrow on their wages to compensate.I look in the news now and it's not much different from their forums.  Please make a commercial praising our parks in this ""game"".  In the forums, fixes seem to mostly be focused at making sure that people who upload to steam workshop are happy.I think instead of worrying about praise from Workshop creators and asking gamers to be commercial producers, the game company should make some actual fun in the game.  I also think that the company, instead of asking players to make a commercial for them, should promote some of the Workshop Creators to actual amuzement parks.  Some of the designs made by the Workshop creation gamers actually outdo the quality of the game itself.  Notice that the bulk of what makes this game ""look"" AMAZING!!!!!!, comes from ordinary gamers who are content creators and put an amazing amount of time and effort into their creations.Planet Coaster does indeed provide great tools for content creation, but the only real props I can give are to the people who make those creations from the tools provided.  I, myself, want either a game or a simulator, and this isn't really either."
,Recommended,493340,26682071,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Joseph Von Hazard,"Planet Coaster is the first game in several years that has unleased a feeling I had forgotten: Pure Joy.The amount of potential, both in the game and what has yet to come, is seemingly unlimited. Even in it's earliest alpha, it was miles ahead of RollerCoaster Tycoon World. And Planet Coaster hasn't quit improving. This was the theme park simulator that made me care about how the park looked as well as functioned. Frontier has truly built something they can be very proud of, and even more proud of how people have used it. How can I know that? Simple: the gameplay trailer uses parks made by people.Thank you Frontier, for making me believe."
,Recommended,493340,27975484,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Diamond Joe Biden,"Has an incredible level of customization, which has let me build sprawling castles and pirate shanty towns with ease, and all manner of crazy coasters. Awesome game"
,Recommended,493340,26734274,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ph!l,Planet Coaster is out of my usual gaming genre's by quite a bit and I purchased more on the hype and some gameplay vidz I checked out.I am completely amazed by the level of detail and quality of this release.  I won't do it any justice by reviewing ... just check out some YT gameplay.Absolutely amazing from the detail to the audio ambience to great controls ... no need to play Cities Skylines anymore11.5/10
,Recommended,493340,26667291,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Thành,The favourite game of my childhood returned with only one day before my next birthday.Thanks devs for one of the best birthday gift ever ^_^
,Recommended,493340,26721728,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Rezith | Deatlydeath,Planet Coaster is a great game!+ You can build almost everything you want.+ You can ride your own rides.+ Endless creativity.+ Amazing graphics!+ Great sounds / music.- When there are a lot of people in your park you'll get a heavy peformance drop! My game went from 90+/- fps without people to 25+/- fpts with people. (100% cpu load for me on i5-3470).- It is pretty easy even in challenge mode.- Can't build Harambe...Buy it if your pc can handle it!
,Not Recommended,493340,26672229,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Drytoot,"The game is awesome if you like to create, but not if you like to manage.  If you are here to build a theme park and express your creative ability, you are buying the right game.  If you are here to be challenged in the way of managing the many aspects of a theme park, you will be disappointed.  The campaign consists of scenarios that give you few simple goals in 3 different levels of ""difficulty"".  The ""goals"" fare as such: Reach $10,000 profit, build 3 rides, build an exciting coaster.  Each goal is met with VERY minimal effort and within about 30 minutes or less.  I will recommend this game due to it's expansive creation tools, but I shame it for lacking any kind of challenge when it comes to management.  I have refunded this game."
,Recommended,493340,29450654,Posted: 23 January,all,Steph,"I love Tycoon games, Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 being my all time favorite. I own Roller Coaster Tycoon world as well, and sorry, but this doesn't seem much different, besides the fact that the management aspect is just all over the place. There are some features that were in RTC games which is the building/rides/stalls researching, but its painfully slow so you have to work with limited amounts of rides/stalls in campaign mode. One thing that I absolutely love are the effects. There are tons of cool effect boxes you can place almost anywhere, and better yet, placing 100 of them did not lag me lol.  I didn't get to push this game to the max by filling out a sandbox with everything, but I will get to that. Filling up a sandbox in RCT World gives me like 5-10 FPS, hopefully this will do better. Oh, and everyone is always thirsty, even though there are tons of drink stalls everywhere. What is wrong with these people?! I miss RCT pathing because I fail with this curvy stuff. OCD! I do recommend this game, maybe at a little lower of a price, but if you want a lot more features, better placement and management then I suggest getting RCT 3."
,Recommended,493340,26666088,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,GemaYue,"Very fun to build, the park creation tools are very powerful. Management is a bit too easy though. But nothing cannot be fix with update, let's hope there is a possible scenarios editor in the future.Also great user created contents in Steam Workshop. Just like Cities Skylines, this game should have a good lifetime.Remember to buy this, not RCTW.(It would be cool if there is option to walk in Steam Friend's park, maybe even in VR)"
,Recommended,493340,26664020,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Cutetoads,"I always absolutely loved the old Rollercoaster Tycoon's, they were may favourite childhood game. Planet coaster is just everything i loved about the old games, with so much more depth. My absolute favourite part before was creating custom rollercoasters, and now, you can make so much more with the rides, you're not limited to the certain preset elements that were with the game, you don't even have to use the preset's in this game to make crazy coasters, you can make the elements yourself!Overall, fantastic game, if you liked the old Rollercoaster Tycoon's, you will LOVE this game."
,Recommended,493340,26687055,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Awesome✌Weegee👌,"Yes! Truly, an Inspiration to Creators Everywhere!I am amazed at the versatility of ride building, as well as building---pretty much everything else! This is beyond anything the RCT series has done, and It can go so much farther!I am ever increasingly impressed at the controls. However staff managment is a litttle more hard to grasp for me. Although i am getting the hang of it now its going to take some getting used to; slight change from RCT but not different. I must say this game is one of my new favorites. The vastness of how custom you can make rides is mind-boggling. Even ride stations can be customised too your heart's content. everything is laid out before you and you can just pick up the tools and build, manage, play, and enjoy!I Recommend this!"
76561198345461574,Recommended,493340,26737809,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Jaja,Great game good for rollercoaster fans and perfect if you are bored
76561198220225033,Recommended,493340,33378676,Posted: 8 July,all,Fulgore,Great game. I enjoyed RCT3 alot and since this game is from the same creators it's even better. I was really looking forward to RCT World when it was first announced. I'm glad I never do pre-orders or early acces :D Watching some youtubers compare Planet Coaster and RCT World is just sad. I would recommend Planet Coaster to all seeking a roller coaster game.
76561198038925589,Recommended,493340,27968471,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FieryShadow,If rollercoaster tycoon and thrillville made a baby made of gold it would be Planet Coaster. This game is fun and lighthearted with an open canvas park available. The several game modes allow for varied rates of play. Ride customization is endless including *CUSTOM* player music. Yes you can make your rides all play those coveted songs you hide in your mp3 library.
,Recommended,493340,28154330,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Channel5 Gaming,9.5 / 10 Game of the year for me. A near perfect game.Here's a link to my video review!:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfIUrHziCgI&t=859s
,Recommended,493340,26669713,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,DeathGameDev,One of the few good things to come out of 2016.
,Recommended,493340,26652785,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Jonnerz,Without a doubt the best roller coaster sim on the market. The graphics are fantastic and the level of customization is insane. I never thought I would be spending so many hours creating a design around toilets!
,Recommended,493340,26683396,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,GodlyWeirdo,Best theme park game! Im glad i moved on from RCTW to this because this is the true successor to RCT3.
76561198028336665,Recommended,493340,26688870,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Maddmaxxxxx,Love it love it Love.......Check out my beta access video here.....https://youtu.be/8tyjU2brL6c
76561198147747082,Recommended,493340,28640929,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Athena,very good game
76561198166507751,Recommended,493340,33368777,Posted: 8 July,all,gingerdad,this game is amzing and worth the price
76561198009096230,Recommended,493340,29501740,Posted: 26 January,all,R3dDragon,"If you can dream it , build it an they will come . Just look at my play time if you think I am joking lol."
,Recommended,493340,26648083,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,OnTheHook,"TLDR;If you like RCT3 and dont mind some minor misgivings get it. If you're playing on a potato, wait.If you liked Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, you will like this game. It is made my the same team, and what they have done so far is pretty great. There is enough customization to suit even the most micro oriented players, and the coaster creation UI is very polished, and works well. The game looks great, and is a lot of fun so far. I will let you discover the good things for yourself.Now, on to what is lacking. I want to focus on this so people can know whether they should get it. The game still needs further optimization. It is the most CPU heavy game I have played since ROME II on release. I had the settings pretty high to test it out and see out it looked, and will say that you better have good airflow in your PC. I was using conservative fan configuration, but there was definitely enough use for there to be thermal throttling. If you get to that point you will see poor framerates. That being said my CPU was 10C higher than my GPU. Using a more aggressive fan configuration there was no throttling, but fans were maxed the whole time.Next, the system for putting paths needs some work. There are some good things, like the snapping. There are also some bad things, like the snapping. It is clunky. Hopefully that is addressed soon. Also, the way to delete paths is just plain bad right now. You can mass delete by holding the delete key, but it still doesn't feel natural.There are some things with the UI that could make quality of life better. It would be nice if it saved the last tab you were in etc, and it should't exit under certain situations. There are just too many clicks needed right now. Some of the things will be easy fixes, others not as much.Finally, be ready to get sucked in because the game is good, and I think will have a lot of modding potential."
76561198243333264,Recommended,493340,29696474,Posted: 4 February,all,morganbentley1996,good but very power intesive. you need a good pc for this!
,Recommended,493340,26653411,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Murphy's Law School,"Wow.... Just wow... I am F*****G IMPRESSED!Every light, every block, ever SINGLE piece can be hand crafted and placed to your imagination. I mean, Instead of reading reviews, take the ""overwhelmingly positive"" as a clue. Just buy it already and start building!!Do you recommend this game? - I would check yes multiple times."
,Recommended,493340,26748049,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,PotatoSmurfer,"Its a super great game i spent loads of hours on this game and thats why i recommend this game, but there is some problems that i hope they fix- if you build a big park its a high chance of the game crashing all the time.- path building is very hard- you cant edit and build from scratch for rides only coasters¨- its way to small plot you build on"
76561198124260645,Not Recommended,493340,28112599,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,frozen_ghost,"I can not recommend this game but I can't truthfully say I wouldn't recommend the game either. I'll explain at the end of this review.PROSBuilding BlueprintsThe Ability to build your own buildings is a great idea. That concept alone makes the game worth a look for anyone who has a creative imagination or who simply enjoys tinkering with designing their own buildings and scenery. The game allows for interior building scenery as well as outside scenery.Terrain ToolsThe terrain tools allow for some very creative land formations such as caves or nice rolling hills or meandering rivers to be created relatively easily.PathsBuilding curved paths adds character to a park. This ability is much better than the old Roller Coaster Tycoon's straight line paths. The path tools also allow for paths to built on hills without the need for steps. Although you do still have the ability to add steps if you so choose. Combined with the Terrain Tools it's easy to build an underground walkey for your parks guests.CreativityThe game allows for creativity. If you play in sandbox mode I don't think you could build two parks that will be identical no matter how hard you tried. Something somewhere will likely be different.Large mapsThe maps are large enough to give you plenty of room for your creativity and imagination to create some beutiful scenery and still have room for your rides and guests to roam as they explore.GraphicsThe graphics allow for great detail in your scenery and building.Camera Roaming/RangeAlthough it's a learned skill, the camera roaming allows you to move the camera in any direction and to zoom close enough to notice some scenery placement that might just be out of alignment. If you are a perfectionist you might want to learn to use the camera tools so you can get your fences connected or lights fixed to the walls without gaps.CONSBugsThe game, at least fo me, is quite buggy. The game freezes often and at times I feel like the only thing i am accomplishing is adding to my hours played. This makes it difficult to build buildings as the time it adds to putting my ideas and imagination to work. It takes away from the enjoymant of the game.BlueprintsWhen creating blueprints for buildings or rides paths do not save to the blueprints. This can be frustrating because if you want to move a building or ride or you place a building or ride from your Blueprints queue and they require paths you must place those paths and queue lines each time you place those blueprinted items. This means that if you download a building from the steam workshop or you built one of your own buildings and those buildings have shops or ride entrances that are surrounded by scenery you must place all paths for those buildings. You might not know where the paths are to be layed on those buildings you got from the Steam Workshop.ShopsGuests don't seem to want to purchase items from all your shops. Chief Beef and Cosmic Cow Milkshakes seem to be the only shops where guests purchase items from.Park ManagementThe game lacks the option to manage the prices of all your similar shops and employees in a single click. Each shops prices and employees salaries must be managed individually. That means that each Chief Beef's prices or Janitors wages must be raised or lowered individually.See Through SceneryThe game lacks an option to make scenery invisible. This can come in handy if you are building a building close to scenery items that have already been placed. In addition, the ability to see underground would help in laying underground paths.Thirsty GuestsNo matter how many drink shops are placed within your park the guests seem to always be thirsty.I can not recommend this game, truth be told: Steam gave me no neutral option, is because of the freezing issues I have with the game. If I can resolve those issues I would give the game a thumbs up. Maybe you won't have the issues I have. Maybe someone can help me figure out why I have those issues and I can get it fixed."
76561198027921533,Recommended,493340,26681295,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ChipsAhoyMcCoy,"This is the best Coaster Sim i've ever played hands down.Pros:- Great Soundtrack- Nice Graphics- Unique Building System- You can Clip Objects (Which allows you to build literally anything you want.)- Cosmic CowCons(?):- The Character Creation can seem a bit lackluster. (You don't really see your character anyways though, so it doesn't matter much.)- This isin't a con for me, but other people might think it is one.The Management in this game isin't as hectic as you'd think. A lot of the issues are mainly just issues in the beginning parts of the game, which can be resolved in a few hours. At least, from my experience. However, I wouldn't let this put you off from buying as the Steam Workshop will probably have mods to make it more intense/challenging.Overall, i'd give this game a solid 10/10. It's fantastic. The aforementioned ""issue"" above isin't really an issue for me personally because I really enjoy the building aspect of the game personally. There's enough management to keep me interested in that aspect as well."
,Recommended,493340,26700786,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Pkatt,"This game is overwhelmingly worth the price.   I am very happy with it and would recommend it to anyone looking for a theme park builder.I also have RCTW.  Planet Coaster is the winner.  With RCTW I played a while, then lost interest quickly, because there didn't seem to be a lot of variety to choose from, and I could not figure out how to easily build my own things, even with the tutorials.With this game, in half the time, I've already figured out how to build anything I can think of, with NO tutorials.  Its that intuitive.   It does not matter if the building or ride is not there to pick from, because I can build it myself, easily now.  Terraforming land is easy to do also, I can now have the mountain park I want!Everything about this game is the best I've seen yet, for this genre.   Everything works perfectly for me.  Incredibly worth it."
,Recommended,493340,28295506,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,H A M I $ H,This game takes me back to playing rollercoaster tycoon as a kid. It's amazing.
76561198057305354,Recommended,493340,29174412,Posted: 10 January,all,plazowy,awesome game.. what the RT series wants to be with amazing graphics and the freedom to create anyway  your heart desires.
,Recommended,493340,26719524,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Hush,This game just makes me happy.
,Recommended,493340,27789794,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,IMMORTAL,one of the best game everthe gold never get old and still one of the best game at all timelike old game you can build games resturant and bath rooms <3 <3 <3
,Recommended,493340,26671147,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,tubadudejjm,"Great game, best roller coaster game I have played to date including RCTW. I would recommend this for almost anyone."
,Recommended,493340,30305130,Posted: 3 March,all,GuileTheGoat,"It will get you hooked for hours, but not forever. Once you master the basics of setting up a profitable theme park, you'll run out of things to do for your guests. It feels like the interactions with guests are lacking. But with the continued development and updates, they're just adding more and more rides to the game and hopefully overtime, the gameplay will stabalize even more! If you're a fan of the old Roller Coaster Tycoon games, then boy will this be an awesome throwback into the future! hahaha Does that make sense? Buy it, you'll love it!"
,Recommended,493340,26667726,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Afevis Solmunko,"I.... I lost track of time.I was so engrossed in building my rollercoaster that 10.5 hours flew right by. It's day one.This game is amazing. It's everything that I've wanted from a theme park simulation. It reminds me of one of my favorite games from when I was younger, Sim Theme Park, so damn much.I highly recommend this game for anyone who wants to sink hours and hours of their time into having fun placing down rides, building facades around them, and making that perfect loop-the-loop."
,Recommended,493340,26703739,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,OSTKCabal,"When I found out about Planet Coaster, I must say I was extremely excited. A game made by the same folks behind RCT3? Count me in!I've been playing it for a few days, and the excitement for the game has only grown! The great graphics, incredible customization options, endless possibilities, and well-implemented management features keep the game interesting. You can be as detailed or as basic as you want with your parks, and scenery can be placed with incredible accuracy. You can control just about every aspect of building roller coasters, from the length and shape of track pieces to even how much they bank.Definitely recommend the game; it's worth every penny if you love these roller coaster sims as much as I do."
76561198128425501,Recommended,493340,26953620,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Uncle Ben's Original Boiled Rice,Still killing innocent guests with unfinished roller coasters10/10 would get sued again
76561198045784396,Recommended,493340,26701278,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,RebelliousKuno,I spent 10 hours working on the entrance to my park.10/10
76561198273139350,Recommended,493340,34180311,Posted: 11 August,all,ThisDisneyKid,"Hello! Today I am writing a review of Planet Coaster! So let's dive straight in.The graphics are spectacular in this game and are clear and detailed. And they keep updating the graphics all the time on different objects.In sandbox mode you can let your imagination run wild and build whatever your heart desires.In challenge mode you get some money and have to run your own theme park. With missions to do, it is very hard.In career mode you have a ready set map where you have to complete challenges.Overall, this game is amazing, and it is worth the money. Well done Frontier on developing such an awesome game!"
76561198019176588,Recommended,493340,27973231,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Moist Banjo,"I couldn't recommend this game enough. It has massively exceeded my expectations so far and I just can't put it down. If you prefer the management side of RCT then this game is still lacking a bit in this area. The devs are looking to improve however, and have already put out a patch with a harder challenge mode to help for now. I'm really excited to see what they continue adding as the building tools are incredibly detailed. It's to the point where if for some reason you hate rides you can actually just build a city! Really glad I brought this game."
,Recommended,493340,27623026,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lilo Tihena,my nama jeff
,Recommended,493340,27973237,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sunnyy,It brings back the Roller Coaster Tycoon nostalgia. 10/10
76561198092083619,Recommended,493340,26676645,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,KevinIsForReal,"I have a good enough computer to run the game, but everytime I try to play it the game crashes."
76561198037664609,Recommended,493340,33350736,Posted: 7 July,all,JBV3737,"epic dont buy roller coaster tycoon world, these are the true devs of the rollercoaster tycoon series."
,Recommended,493340,34259678,Posted: 15 August,all,BrighterHeart,"DON'T BUY IT, YOU'LL NEVER GET YOUR LIFE BACK!!!This game blows RCT3 out of the damn water.  Expect lag once your park gets even a quarter way through filling up the map unless you have a high spec PC.  It still doesn't take the enjoyment out of the game.  Totally worth the money."
,Recommended,493340,26806169,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zephrax,"The true successor to Rollercoaster Tycoon!This game is awesome! The game mechanics stimulate you to be creative.It's been a while since I've seen a game of this quality being released.Don't buy RCT World, get this one! You won't regret it!"
76561198034977091,Recommended,493340,28653835,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Captain Canadia,"Everything you could want from a theme park simulator, plus great customization. Easy to share and get others creations from the steam workshop. Good manangment gamemode too."
76561198083940198,Recommended,493340,27508234,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[D3] Astro,OCD Simulator 2k16. :I
,Recommended,493340,28554101,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Zorro,This game feels like the proper RCT3 sequel we never got.
,Recommended,493340,28547207,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Aeon,"Awesome park simulator, with spectacular graphics that will scratch your creative itch."
,Recommended,493340,28645095,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mahatma,"Quality stuff, if you miss the old Chris Sawyer Rollercoaster Tycoon, this brings it to the modern day.  Because of the endless content from the workshop, you don't need to be a creative master to have a good time with this game.   More free content will be consistently on the way, as best as we can tell now.  Good value, many hours of entertainment."
,Recommended,493340,26646503,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/neal08ni,"This game must be a true successor to RCT3, bought it in September as a Thrillseeker for the beta and the first few days of Alpha 3. End of the day, Planet Coaster wins as a coaster builder! 9/10 Game is great but on the performance side that it can be better."
,Recommended,493340,28586153,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,CAPP360,"Amazing. Get ready to throw your life away building ridiculously beautiful theme parks! RCT fans, sit down, buckle up, and enjoy the ride!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198014284092,Recommended,493340,28686628,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TheDudeAbides,"This is one of the best design style games I've ever played. The possibilites are endless and almost overwhelming at times. It is not without its flaws, but worth every penny."
,Recommended,493340,26664095,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Flooooooooow,"This is hands down my GOTY, definitely in my top 5 all time favourite video games.I'd honestly write a lengthy review but words can seriously not express just how enjoyable this game is.If you grew up playing the RCT series buy this game immediately, you will fall in love with it, even if you didn't grow up playing RCT then you should still buy this fresh taste into the new generation of theme park building games.It's such a nice feeling after having so much disappointment with RCTW to have such an amazing game given to us from Frontier, they've done an absolutely fantastic job of listening to what the community wants and oh wow they delivered!All in all, buy this game now."
76561198044684800,Recommended,493340,28443629,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Milli,"I loved RCT back from the first game - played it so much I dreamed of it.This game here is awesome. Easy to learn, very intuitive. Apparently free contend in small updates, which I love to bits, since in the décor section there is a small lack of diversity ;) but apparently they are working on it. The staff seems motivated from what I saw in forum posts and that is more we have in other games.If you loved RTC you should definitely buy this one."
76561198115608229,Recommended,493340,28595109,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,The Mighty Pleb,"Great Game, even for those not entirely creative. The workshop support is great, fun to play and beautiful graphics and lighting. However, even on my 970 and i7 4790k as soon as there is more than 1500 guests the game begins to tank significantly. Definitely pick this up if you liked the original RCT games, beware that it does need some optimization though."
76561198040463224,Recommended,493340,26735780,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,SamarkandXIV,Amazing! Only gripe is you can't kll the NPC's..
,Recommended,493340,29561479,Posted: 29 January,all,Ronnie8105,Absolutely beutiful! Even if you just like building buildings buy this game!
,Recommended,493340,28100720,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,OutRun,"I played Roller Coaster Tycoon 2 when I was like 7 or so. I played until the disc broke. NOw, I'm 20. I bought this on a whim, and I have no regrets. Best $45 I've spent on a single game ever."
,Recommended,493340,31549227,Posted: 4 May,all,Tzarine,Do you love management games? Did you love Roller Coaster Tycoon? Yes and Yes? Then this is the game for you! It's so much fun and so very interesting. The developers really care and update it frequently.
76561197999904169,Recommended,493340,29133295,Posted: 8 January,all,Atum Hadu,"About 12 hours in and I'm just getting a sense of what's possible in Planet Coaster. This is the first time I've played anything in the theme park builder genre, and I'm awe struck at the level of detail and customization possibilities.I think a game like this proves the PC is absolutely vital as a gaming platform. Just look at the enormity of content on the Workshop and how good it is. People aren't just creating amazing individual pieces, they're inventing entirely new genres of theme parks by customizing every last detail. There are Elven ruins, ancient Greek temples, cityscapes that look like Akira's Neo Tokyo, reproductions of real life landmarks like the Eiffel Tower, ruined post apocalyptic cities, even skins to make rides match custom themes.So far I've blundered my way through the sandbox mode, created a jungle-themed park with considerable help from amazing workshop pieces, and spent some time in other people's parks downloaded via Steam Workshop. If you're considering getting this game, that's the one piece of advice I'd pass along -- check out the amazing parks other people have made. That's when you start to see what this game is capable of, and that's when your creativity really sparks.I can't speak to similarities or differences with other theme park games, but in my experience the UI is pretty good and things are relatively easy to learn as long as you have some patience and don't mind trial and error.Edit, 4/6/2017:Now I've got more than 127 hours in Planet Coaster! I think that speaks to how addicting this game is, and how much creative potential it has. Making parks is one thing. Making them with amazing custom pieces from the Workshop brings a whole other element to it. But once you get the hang of the building tools and a few of PC's quirks, you can unlock an entirely new realm of awesomeness by building your own stuff. I'm no Frank Lloyd Wright, but I like making science fiction blueprints, and it's fun to see how other people use your creations in their parks.Few games hook me so much that I pass the hundred-hour mark, and the thing about PC is, even with all that time in the game I'm not even close to getting sick of it. It really is that expansive. Now we're on the verge of a new update, which will not only add new rides, but also new toys in the form of additional custom pieces.I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,493340,31213434,Posted: 17 April,all,tehtarikdrinker,Game of the Year. Seriously. Imagine combining the old elements of Rollercoaster Tycoon and the new elements of The Sims. Brilliant and almost endless ideas of customization in this game.
,Recommended,493340,27864648,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,c.,"Diehard fan of RCT when I was young, brings back all the good memories, def worth the dough."
,Recommended,493340,27176755,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SIЯ PHOTCH,"You liked Rollercoaster Tycoon 1,2 or/and 3? This is your way to go. The developers actually did something with this name.If you're feeling scammed by RCT4 and/or No Man's Lie, buy this game and enjoy.You can literally build an amusement park of your dreams."
,Recommended,493340,33917744,Posted: 30 July,all,AlaskaMaska/Elliot,"Planet Coaster offers cool new realistic mechanics, textures and so much more. The developers have worked a lot harder on this version and the difference between the classic RollerCoaster Tycoon is very easily visible. I would recommend this to any creative players and those looking forward to a future in themepark design.I don't want to make this review too long so that's where I'll leave it but there are definately a lot more cool features and aspects to Planet Coaster for players to enjoy."
76561198006078174,Recommended,493340,26747481,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Martin_MA,"I hope they will add some updates.Issues with camer and few minor, but compared to RCT is 1000000000000000 x better.Rly worth 37e"
,Recommended,493340,26675221,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ItsSammyP,Rollercoaster Tycoon World GTFO! Make Way For Planet Coaster! BUY IT!
,Not Recommended,493340,28415065,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,taistelupaska,"This game is all about making really pretty parks rather than making and managing functional parks. I cant give a neutral rating that I would much rather give, so, not recommended for now.The game looks very pretty, and so far I've mostly enjoyed playing it.But then why the ""not recommended""?-The path tool needs improvement-Not enough content-Framerate dies in larger parks even on high end systems-Scenery and Buildings need to be combined into one-Grid locked building pieces. Want a wall at a 45 degree angle? Better make another building for just that-A lot of rides are themed which means I rarely end up using them (Unless I use said theme)-A lot of controls are hidden behind keypresses-Management is pretty much non-existant and the parts that do exist feel clunky (I havent tried the winter update yet, which seems to fix a lot of the issues like staff management)-The game is too easyFrontier seems to really cares about the game and its community, and Im almost certain after a few more patches the game will be much better. Once that happens, I will update my review accordingly."
,Not Recommended,493340,26740243,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Levar,"I think the game is beautiful, but lacking in some gameplay aspects.1. The game has almost no tutorials or mean of learning the functions of the game outside of watching videos on YouTube.2. Limited challenge. Getting a functioning, profitable park underway isn't a major challenge.3. As level design is the main focus of the game in its current state (think sandbox builder), and most park designs in the game are barebones, you will use the creation tools for almost everything. Personally, this can become a bit tedious: spending 30 minutes decorating a path near a burger stand by hand because the guests want something more aesthetically pleasing may get old. However, this observation really depends on your interest in building vs. managing.Overall, the deal breaker for me is the lack of tutorials. I will probably request a refund and hold off on this game until a later date."
,Recommended,493340,26645873,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,maThiask,Great Game!
76561198011676973,Not Recommended,493340,28503581,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Otakuoverlord,"Winter update seriously unbalanced a great game, and introduced quite a few performance bugs.Recent major changes to the gameplay (ex: old rides earn less money) are a good idea but poorly implemented and not well documented. I don't think they updated the ingame help or tutorial to reflect this new mode, because I found out about it in a patch changelog. Seems an odd thing to change without much notice.These major changes impact folks still playing through the campaigns or trying to avoid sandbox mode. In sandbox mode, none of the rules really matter since you're basically God (or at least have his credit card), and I guess most players are done with the campaigns anyway, so maybe I'm the only person who cares?And the BUGS. Not sure what happened, but after the patch I had to delete my install and start from scratch to get the game to even start up. Ever since then my graphics performance has taken a big hit and I've had to decrease some settings to get an acceptable 30FPS where I didn't need to before.I should say it has been very nice to get more game for free, instead of being continuously nickel-and-dimed by ALMOST EVERYBODY ELSE with paid DLCs, credit packs, skins, etc.Can't recommend again until the devs rebalance the non-sandbox modes and fix the bugs they added in... though given their track record so far I don't think it will take them very long."
,Not Recommended,493340,28005126,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chancellor Dank,"I bought into the hype for this game and I regret it now.Pros:-Visually appealing-Has personality-Lots of building freedom-Easy to learnCons:-Weak management aspect-No real challenge-No real objectiveThe game excels in regards to the sandbox aspect. There's lots of freedom when building your park, both in terms of the visual design and rides themselves.However I got bored of the game extremely quick because it felt like there was no challenge or objective. Just aimlessly build, with no real reward for your work. The game is not worth it if you are looking for a real management challenge."
,Recommended,493340,32675981,Posted: 23 June,all,Mackan90096,"You can make insane coasters that kill people, 10/10."
,Not Recommended,493340,33052735,Posted: 30 June,all,Romans,"Too much unlimited money not enough realism. I felt as though I wasnt running an amusement park so much as I was getting to build the park of my dreams, without thought to the actual business aspect. I was hoping for a sim, but what I got was candy land with chutes and ladders.It's pretty, but shallow."
76561198093729079,Not Recommended,493340,34323719,Posted: 18 August,all,Vallfreyja,"I really wanted to like this game as I loved the old Rollercoaster Tycoon games, but I just find it boring. There's a lot of room for creativity in making your park (to the extent it can be really annoying if you don't care), but I'm more interested in the management side and it's just not strong. There's a need to continually place all sorts of scenery, but so long as it's there, no matter how messy or mismatched, you'll get the same credit."
,Recommended,493340,26670819,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Banachek,Best game of 2016.
,Recommended,493340,26666609,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,GrAmPa,"Fantastic game that has me addicted. The customization options are just insane. You can practically build anything you want. If you're the creative type, I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,493340,26652105,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Hicksimus,"I hadn't played a Roller Coaster Tycoon type game in about a decade...this game is all I remember and more.  It's a bit like Cities Skylines, it takes a proven game from the past and adds modern touches that only modern hardware can do but it doesn't stray too far from the formula.  The visuals are awesome, the ability to build/design entire buildings is wonderful and it has been 100% stable for the 11 hours I've played so far.  You may want to think twice if you don't have a strong computer though...there's a lot going on for a processor to deal with and the visuals are pretty strong too."
,Recommended,493340,26650885,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,CasuallyChallenged,"Everyone is giving this game glowing reviews... and I will be no different.This game is the true sequel we have been waiting for to Rollercoaster Tycoon 3.The only issue I currently have is that some of the basic features found in the managment side of things as well as a few rides and options are not available yet.While I have faith that these features will eventually be added to this game, don't go in expecting everything you remember from RCT3. Instead, expect a very well polished, still being updated, sequel that has much better mechanics, a new way to make your parks, paths, and coasters of your dreams, and hope with me that this game sells well and earns Frontier the ability to keep improving it.And as for Frontier, if you are checking out these reviews, please bring this game up to the same level of features that RCT3 had (including the Wet and Wild expansions... so we can make Disney World!)Thanks for a great game and I look forward to future updates!"
,Recommended,493340,27409389,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,(DeathCore) Spooky,"As I am writing this, I've only played 3 hour of this game and I'm loving every second of it. If you loved the roller coaster tycoon series back in the day. You are going to love this game. :)"
76561198239187170,Recommended,493340,26721456,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,⭐Gyraf⭐,Just like roller coster tycoon except that planet coaster is a good game.
76561198027365733,Recommended,493340,27500720,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dr. Homunculus Manslave,"Excellent. The spiritual successor to RCT3. It's pretty much everything I could have asked for in a sequel to RCT3. I'm glad Frontier decided to make their own game after parting ways with Atari.Incredibly free coaster design - you hardly need to use the preset loops and turns; make your own! Graphically gorgeous. Scenery is very detailed with equally free customisability. Might have been nice to be able to scale scenery items but I can see why they didn't include that - textures might not look to good if stretched. Not much on the tutorials front, but as a veteran of the RCT games I picked it up quickly. Occasional bugginess but nothing too serious (although I hope they'll keep updating the game). Path-laying is generally good but can be a little annoying."
76561198045737541,Recommended,493340,27744490,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Krunkleaf,I had never played a rollercoaster game before I tried this out.Positives:+ + + Build and ride any rollercoaster you can imagine.+ + + Supreme customisation of terrain and buildings.+ +  Fantastic graphics.+ Acess content created by other users for free+ Teacups.Negatives:- - - Horrific camera controls. The most difficult aspect of this game is wrestling the camera into a useful position.- Career mode is very easy.- Lack of options with flatrides.
76561198070229066,Recommended,493340,29058321,Posted: 6 January,all,Worst Player,If you like to spend hours in the details of a giant model with great depth and pleasing aesthetics then this is the game for you. Steam workshop makes it all that much better again. No regrets with this one
,Recommended,493340,26679579,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Lord Brett Sinclair,"Brilliant, the only limit of what you can create is your imigination.9/10"
,Recommended,493340,27489701,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ezra  (2),"WARNING: Whilst playing this game might cause serious injuries including melting of face due to awesomeness, hair falling out and exploding eyes.''Trust me, it's worth the injuries.'' - a Planet Coaster Injury Expert.10/10"
,Recommended,493340,28400466,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DangerGiles,Just when I nearly get all the Gold Stars in the scenarios they add three more for FREE!!!
,Recommended,493340,28559002,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Eisleneth,"Really nice game and a good spiritual successor of RollerCoaster Tycoon. It makes it whole lot of fun.Pros and cons:+ music (""Planet Euphoria"" FTW! ;))+ workshop and custom content+ beautiful scenery+ rides and shops look great+ animations+ creativity almost limitless+ funny and nostalgic+ looking nicely on ultra+ smooth playing, good performance+ no crashing so far+ day/night selection at wish+ relaxing and pleasant way of spending time+ flexible terrain forming and asset placement+ quite reallistic ferris wheel (Zzzzzzz) ;)- no currency change atm- interface scaling jumps from 70% to 100% with no option in between. No smooth selection (70% is too small, 100% is too big for me)- UI would need a bit of polishing - too heavy looking- ""intellligent"" paths are not always intelligent- I would gladly welcome prop line tool to spread props evenly- not very intuitive system of prop placement (shouts for more options and improved swapping)- simple park management (too simple)- few minor bugs (including mechanics that don't appear on employee's list sometimes)- coaster building may get on your nerve, so it requires a lot of patience ;)Nevertheless, a good game. I'm happy to play it :)"
,Recommended,493340,28657019,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Exophaze,"Countless hours can go by tailoring your park to perfection. On the down-side, while everything may look pretty on the outside, the rides themselves are a one way street at the moment. Not many ways to customize their behavior and the variety of non-coaster rides is small enough that it gets repetitive when building a larger park. I expect this to be remedied by future expansions but at the moment, the game's true merit lies with the large freedom in aesthetic customization which is a hit or miss depending on the player. Management is a whole another ballpark, I've only spent my time in sandbox but from even that I've seen that it can be lacking and as it is now, very simple. Luckily as seen from the recent 1.1 patch, Frontier Works do have more plans for this aspect of the game as well. I haven't touched the challenge and scenario modes yet as most of my time has been creating a park and blueprints.Overall highly recommended as the best park sim available today."
,Recommended,493340,28661766,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,xicro the spirit of SU,"This game is great for the gamer who can spend hours building an awesome theme park, but terrible to those to want to have a good time quick. This game is tough and requires lots of thinking and strategic placing of buildings and coasters. The controls are great and easy to learn, but the menus for buildings are cluttered and hard to find many things. The menus remind me of the clunkiness of Cities: Skylines menus for buildings.8.5/10 Will try again later, but for now that is my opinion :)"
,Recommended,493340,26649030,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Lauron,"To quote famous dictator fighter, M. Bison :""YES. YES."""
,Recommended,493340,26664724,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Spanish Zebra,I would have said anything that isn't Rollercoaster tycoon 4 gets a 10/10.  But this game actually deserves a 10/10 due to the innovation and work put into the game.Final Verdict: 10/10
,Recommended,493340,26667321,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Totoros,This game is everything an OG Roller Coaster Tycoon fan could hope for and then some. Planet Coaster is astoundingly beautiful and a gasping breath of fresh air to the genre. You can tell right from the start this game was made with a whole lot of love.
,Recommended,493340,26683927,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Uncle Lemon Touch,A+
,Recommended,493340,26688193,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Graphix Munkey,"Take a moment to think back on the original Roller Coaster Tycoon for Windows 95. If you're lke me, memories flood forward of experiencing the joy of biulding a coaster for the first time.That feeling returned for me, at age 25, while playing Planet Coaster. The amount of nostalgia I experience while playing this game, coupled with the immensely upadated graphics, was nearly overwhelming.  Frontier has pulled out every trick in the book, and completely reimaged how simulation games should be done.I see even greater things coming in the near future, and plan on being a Planet Coaster fan for another 2 decades. Well done, Frontier, well done."
76561198136831093,Recommended,493340,26690416,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Champ17,One of the most amazing and breath-taking Theme park simulation game!! It simulates even smallest details of the visitors of the theme park in the game!!
,Recommended,493340,26701525,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Angel of Death,The guys at Frontier have done a fantastic job. I can let my imagination run wild in this game. Certainly worth purchasing as it will give endless amounts of fun and creativity.
,Recommended,493340,26702992,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Tendaji,"Game is an absolute necessity. It channels all those nostaliga trips of Rollercoaster Tycoon 1-3, and gives some great freedom to design and create everything you can image. I spent 3 hours just working on a clock tower to be perfect for my scenery, yet felt it was all time well spent!Do be careful though, spending time on youtube, you'll find people much better at designing, but don't let that discourage you from creating your perfect parks!"
,Recommended,493340,26717485,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,💙Jev the gay fox™,"As of writing this review, I have about 12 hours of gameplay. This is what I think of the game so far:Pros:Beautiful graphics.Great terraforming tools.Tons of customisation. You can build your own custom coasters, scenery, buildings, etc.Steam Workshop support with thousands of items already uploaded.Neutral:Not much in-game content. However, the massive amount of content on the Steam Workshop makes up for this.Paths can sometimes be picky to build.Cons:Very little management options. If you want to change the prices of food stalls, staff wages, etc, you have to do each one individually, which can be slow and tedious if you have a lot of shops and staff.The system requirements are quite steep, and there are performance issues when parks get bigger. Even with the recommended specs (I have an AMD FX-8350 and Nvidia GTX 980), I'm only getting about 15 FPS with a large, developed park.Right now I would give this game a 7/10. It's fun to do sandbox building, but I feel like there could be some improvements, mainly with management and performance."
76561198209213465,Recommended,493340,26719638,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ols274,"I think this is a brilliant game! However after one time playing the game, it crashes every time i try to load a game up. Could you fix this please."
76561198034615810,Recommended,493340,27700678,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TerrorTurtle46™,My Milkshake kiosk brings all the boys to the yard!
,Recommended,493340,28049258,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tracer Fox,"There is nothing like building a world full of thrill and excitement all with a sense of achievement in the end. This game does exactly that.Planet Coaster is a game full to the brim of character and charm right down to the meticulous details of every aspect of the people that visit your parks, the rides and coasters that bring joy to them and even the easy to use UI and fantastic soundtrack that ties it all up to become a great package. This game takes me back to a place to when real tycoon games existed where whatever you build in the virtual world you feel it means something to the virtual people that live there.When you first get into the game you are greeted with a character creation menu where you can create your character and place yourself on planet Earth which adds a personal touch to the game, you can also see your Steam friends and 'Featured Creators' on this menu. Planet Coaster's core gameplay revolves around three modes for you to chose from, Career Mode, Sandbox Mode and Challenge Mode so there is something for you, no matter your playstyle and with Steam Workshop support you can download thousands of other people's creations to use in your park as well as uploading your own work.For me, there have been a few FPS/lag issues, especially when the park starts getting bigger and more people start showing up, however, I am confident that Frontier will fix any optimisation issues with due time as they listen to the community and act upon any issues.Frontier have done a fantastic job with this game and has already started building a great community around it, it definitely deserves a look even if you're new to this genre and with constant updates bringing fixes and new features to the game, it can only get better."
,Recommended,493340,28460712,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Heat,This is THE Roller Coaster Tycoon game to have.Miles above the rest.
76561198078585715,Recommended,493340,28571368,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DefconFive,I could play this for hours! so much fun and looks absouletely stunning.
76561198027349844,Recommended,493340,28614732,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Gritz,Great game. You can do and build almost anything you can wrap your mind around. 5/5
76561198037968531,Recommended,493340,28656327,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,bonanu,Best coaster sim game every made!
,Recommended,493340,29258294,Posted: 14 January,all,ItsJTJ,would recommend 8/10
,Recommended,493340,29288586,Posted: 15 January,all,Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz,it's like roller coaster tycoon 3 but it doesn't look like trash and it's fully customizable. this game is a godscend.
,Recommended,493340,26649671,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Jakeopherr,"Rarely ever write reviews, just have to say this game is absolutely superb in virtually every way. Would recommend it to anyone that loves simulation games, theme park games, tycoon games, or has been a fan of the RCT series."
,Recommended,493340,26649705,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,jam,The real RCT4 everyone wanted.
,Recommended,493340,26664084,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Irresisti,Yes! The wait is over and Planet Coaster is here.What a fantastic game it has become. The future looks bright for this game. This game is developed with a lot of love.
,Recommended,493340,26672087,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,LeVar Burger,"Played almost 5 hours so far,  it's a very solid, polished game.  By far the best coaster and theme park sim out there. With all the individual building blocks they give you, there's almost no limit to what you can build.The music is also very good, very uplifting while you're creating your park, not just boring ambient music.Camera takes a little getting used to at times, and there are certainly areas for improvement in terms of building paths and terraforming, but doesn't negatively impact it overall."
76561198010748161,Recommended,493340,26681887,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Vinny Vally,"OH WOOOOOW this game!!!! Seriously good fun! Ignore my low hours for now because I guarentee they will shoot up in the next few days..So, the design possibilities are essentially unlimited. And that's not just for rides, that's for the park itself too. You can create spectacular looking displays besides your rides, of which you can build around the terrain to make them look good too! I've got my river rapids plundging into a massive ravine :D Looks epic!The smoothness of the game itself is something to respect as well. Very well optimised (In my opinion) though I did think I can run it on ultra and I may have been slightly mistaken. It did it, but it was a little laggy rendering so I downed it a bit just in case. But the graphics are gorgeous.Controls are PERFECT. Very intuitive once you've used them a little (an hour or so and you'll be up to speed no problem). And whilst you may technically be limited to the props / scenery that you can use when starting a game, even then it's a lot! And you'll quickly start seeing new things you've never seen previously too. Lots to choose some, and me and my mate between us have created some pretty little things in just a few hours.The music too! So nice. It really takes me back to days in theme parks all over the world - Love them and love this!10/10 - Would puke again from accidentally putting the game on max speed whilst in first person on the worlds most sickly spinning ride.. Best £30 I've spent in a long time."
76561197986774487,Recommended,493340,26688124,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,spodlude,"This is an excellent game, just what i wanted. I'm still learning the controls, most of them are intuitive. Once you've spent the time to learn how to construct buildings you can put a lot of time into this game!I'm the kind of person that normally gives up pretty quick with video games, not with this one!"
,Recommended,493340,26688404,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Lord Vashi,"After seeing ten minutes of gameplay, I was sold on this game. It is everything you ever wanted to do in roller coaster tycoon as a child fully realized, a truly modern remake. The tools to build buildings and coasters are really good, and enable you to make what you want to make.My biggest praise:Making edits to a coaster after it is finished is a huge strength. It's easy and intuitive and it means you can turn any failed attempt at a coaster into a better version of itself. Turn too tight? Move it out or improve banking. Too many Gs on a drop? Smoth out the problem points to reduce the issue. With the game's system you can make coasters that are just impossible in other games in the genre.My biggest gripe:Sometimes camera controls when building, especially inside buildings and underground can be extremely inconsistent. Sometimes my key bindings don't work in some modes and do in other similar modes. Also, sometimes positioning or rotating items behaves weirdly.Another small criticism:Placing paths can be unintuitive at times and a pain in others. Path width feature feels poorly implemented because sometimes two paths beside each other just can't be connected.That being said, The game is fantastic, and I will be putting many hours into it and posting a bunch of stuff to the workshop for it. Easily one of the best, if not game of the year.10/10"
76561198010448523,Recommended,493340,26689544,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Pezzhippo,"I'll keep it short-ish and sweet, as if I wrote in depth about every little thing I adore about this game, we'd be here for a while!Planet Coaster is a theme park management, coaster-building sim created by Frontier, whom you may know created RCT3. The game allows you to create almost any kind of park you can imagine, with its in-depth, powerful customisation system and wonderful terraforming tools.Pros>Looks gorgeous, even on my system which is by most accounts pretty average.>Peeps have an astounding amount of life to them. Often I find myself just watching my guests react to what I've built for them.>Ride/Coaster/Everything Customisation. The Devs have armed you with a monstrous array of tools which enable you to build coasters to your exact specification, terraform caves or statues of questionable body parts and even create entirely custom store/facility buildings. (I would highly suggest viewing some of the workshop buildings folks have made, they are  incredible.)>Ride Triggers/Special FX. Had to put this one in its own section as it is quite special. Planet Coaster features the ability to add triggers to your tracked rides which can activate a range of scenery objects such as lights, special fx and animatronics enabling you to build ride scenery that reacts to the passing of carriages. Great for slower, tunnel/cave rides.>Extensive information and statistics screens. Lets you know what's happening where, when and why and allows you to keep complete track of every facet of your park operation.>Soundtrack. Featuring the talents of Jim Guthrie and JJ Ipsen, this accoustic, guitar-oriented soundtrack is a huge credit to the game as a whole.Cons>Terraforming tools take some getting used to and can be a little finnicky at times.>The act of terraforming causes slowdown (for me at least, but I personally find it tolerable).>Camera controls are also prone to becoming finnicky now and then, though this is mostly when working with underground spaces or large, steep elevation changes.>(Subjective) Gone is the system from RCT3 whereby you could mark lengths of path as patrol areas for your janitors, engineers and entertainers. We now have the Roster system which appears to achieve similar results but I must confess I've not used it much or spent much time with it.>(Also Subjective) Shops' inventories are not entirely customisable, ie. You cannot add or remove products from a shop's inventory to provide more expensive, but better food, for example. This can be worked around by creating groups of two or more identical stores, each one successively offering items with more extras in return for a higher pricetag.TL:DRSolid, enjoyable game.Deep simulation and extensive customisation options.Pros far outweigh cons.9/10"
,Recommended,493340,26690318,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,0cu,The spiritual sucessor to Rollercoaster Tycoon.
,Recommended,493340,26976885,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Halp the spooky skeleton,"So much to do in the game. Looks great, but can sometimes be taking on your system. Can't wait to play it more."
,Recommended,493340,27508030,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The king of memes,Planet Coaster is the best coaster/mangement game in the wold 10/10
,Recommended,493340,27522436,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sniffles,"Havnt even scratched the surface on this game and I'm absolutely loving it! Beautiful game, worth every penny so far!"
,Recommended,493340,27554907,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Z3FranHD,nice game
76561198012413666,Recommended,493340,27593625,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rynum,"This game is way too addicting. Incredible visuals. Amazing scenery building tools. Superb, intuitive coaster building. Chief Beef. Fantastic."
76561198044887851,Recommended,493340,27795208,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Avanson,Perfect for people who loved building parks more than managing parks in the old RCT games. I haven't even left sandbox mode
,Recommended,493340,27818828,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,monkey,The best roller coaster sim with no doubt. 100% worth the purchase
,Recommended,493340,27978995,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,mashgreen,Love this game bluiding coaster is hard but great fun
,Recommended,493340,29297135,Posted: 16 January,all,Mr.Ultimate (づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ,This is the game real RCT fans were looking for.This is the true successor. Thank you Frontier developements.
,Recommended,493340,29369812,Posted: 19 January,all,Octuplex,"Not perfect, but incredibly polished. If you enjoyed Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, this is the same game but with a lot more content and many welcome overhauls. There are still plenty of things I'd like to see added to the game, like scalable objects for more freedom in custom object design, and better water (What we have now looks good in large bodies, but barely works and looks terrible in stuff like ponds and beaches)But any flaws I can come up with are mere nitpicks considering how many hours you can spend intricately designing things and effortlessly creating an organic, flowing park design. Also the terrain tools are the best terrain tools currently in existence. No exaggeration. They allow you to sculpt things from natural plateaus to scale-accurate recreations of mount rushmore. The only limit is how much effort you're willing to put in and whether it fits in the park's rather generous boundaries."
,Recommended,493340,29388078,Posted: 20 January,all,Million Ants,"So... Planet CoasterThis game is really fun! Deffinately good for hours of fun. But... Some problems.Pros:- Amazing Graphics!- Easy to use controls!- Freedom to do whatever you feel like- InteractivityCons:- The camera is TERRIBLE- Hard to get the game to do what you want.- Super hard to upload to steam workshopI would also like to add, the game is still very new. Most of these things will most likely be resolved.Also... I did not put in everything I enjoyed about the game. Those are just the main things in case you were wondering. :)"
,Recommended,493340,29435590,Posted: 22 January,all,H8DZs,"Great addition to anyone's library, but if you liked RCT1, 2, or 3 then this is a must have.  Graphics are fun.  The economics are still a bit messed up but I think they will patch that soon.  For example, if you want a park that only has a front gate fee and no ride fees (like 100% of all decent parks in the real world), you will never have enough peeps coming in through the front door to pay for anything.  Also - eventually you run out of rides in the scenarios and I found myself building duplicate rides simply to generate more revenue.   THat shouldn't be the case.Also - DEVS - RELEASE THE SCENARIO EDITOR SOON BEFORE THE COMMUNITY BEATS YOU TO IT.  REMEMBER THE FIASCO WITH RCT 2 AND THE EDITOR / PATCH TO BREAK EDITOR / NEW EDITOR STUPIDITY CYCLE THAT WENT ON FOR YEARS???  It only hurts the people who want to play your game.  These people are begging you to give them what they want and I can't think of a single reason you wouldn't want to do that.  Everyone wants to build the giant flat park with $0 and nothing researched and build their empire from dust.  Let us do that!!!"
76561198061449032,Recommended,493340,29451050,Posted: 23 January,all,The_Ultimatefox,This game is the best rollercoaster game because of you like building rollercoaster of you Just want toen ride a rollercoaster. And of you Just like toen built a theme park you can build it. Ik recommand  it. 😁
,Recommended,493340,32829788,Posted: 26 June,all,Holly,SO. FUN.
76561197977637871,Recommended,493340,26689828,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,POIZonner,"In last few hours, I was hungry, thirsty, I nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself and I totally lost the track of time because I was not able to stop playing this game. This game is like good old Roller Coaster Tycoon 2 from 2002 made with better graphics and game mechanics. Especially the coaster building is great because you can make basically whatever track you want and if you are lazy you can also use the prefab shapes.And...ehm.......That's all for my vast review of this game folks.Can't write.Must play."
,Recommended,493340,29362346,Posted: 19 January,all,Auxraes,"I absolutely love rollercoaster simulators and I was very excited to buy the game. The price is quite reasonable for the game quality etc.Pros:Has an autosave if game crashes.Great graphics.Able to control the exact time.Uses realistic audio during the rollercoaster's movement.Doesn't take 3 days for a coaster to climb a 400ft hill.Being able to upload, share and download content from the community workshop.I love the options for special effects.Able to colorize items any color you desire.Manipulate the terrain easily.Cons:Lack of terrain paint. Would be cool if there were more varieties, colors and textures.Very similar types of rollercoaster. No multiple styles of car.The more content added to the park, the lower fps and begins to get laggy.If quit straight from being in the park, it always crashes (probably due to the vast amount of items).I wish there were more patterns of paths.There aren't that many bushes/flowers. Not all can be color customized either.When downloading other user's coasters, the queues and terrain aren't added therefore I have to match the terrain up to the floating items.I can't have my rollercoaster derail into a crowded path of paying guests.Can't kill park guests at all.I hope we are able to get additions in the future such as waterpark with pools/slides etc, or a zoo type thing. Or maybe we could have the option to control the weather.I definitely recommend it if you enjoy spending time making your ride/park beautiful! I don't think it's a game to be rushed. I enjoy spending 30 mins landscaping around a small pond.The controls are quite difficult to adjust to, but after you spend several hours, you manage to adapt easily so please don't be put off thinking it's too hard.Also if your game crashes, make sure to write out the crash report to submit, which should eventually resolve the issue."
76561198031080530,Recommended,493340,29329977,Posted: 17 January,all,KarenFromFinance,"AMAZING game!  As a RCT mega fan I am very happy with how this game is similar to the old games yet there are now elements that enhance the gaming experience.  I was already happy and then once the update came out around the X-mas 2016 holiday I can tell they are keeping the momentum going with new Festive scenery, coaster building updates, etc.As a disclaimer, I am primarily and coaster and ride builder while my partner is an expert at scenery and dark rides.  So, I will be reviewing things from that perspective.  Also, I am treating Planet Coaster as the true sequel in the RCT franchise instead of, well, that other game with a similar name (how can you blame me).-Pros-First and foremost an undo (Ctrl + Z) and redo (Ctrl + Y) were MUCH needed in the RCT games.  Man was it frustrating in RCT3 when one mistake took 10 minutes or more to correct.  Also, the scenery and what you are able to do with it in this game is incredible.  A MASSIVE boost to the game is the terrain editing.  It is now SOOOOOOOOOOO easy to make easy and creative edits to terrain.The coaster building has gotten a major upgrade.  Each coaster has strengths and limits which are honored in this game.  No more cheating with block brakes to make every coaster a launch coaster LOL!  This keeps each coaster true and ensures that your park has diversity.  The specific tweaks that you are able to make with your coaster really take it to the next level from the previous RCT titles.  Also, they have added Heatmaps!!!  These things help tremendously when it comes to making adjustments to improve your ratings.Scenery and theming have gotten a HUGE boost in this game.  Just go and watch videos on YouTube if you don't yet understand how far scenery goes in this game.  There are a plethora of items available within each theming genre.  While there are only a few theming genres, the first update to this game added the new Festive theming genre.  I have faith that many more themes are on the way.  I can't wait for the Spooky/Halloween theming!!!!!!!!!!!!The campaign mode is tough in this game.  If you don't get a good start and make profit right off the bat then you're screwed.  Also, the peeps actually heavily care about theming in this game so that is a new challenge to me.  I have had to up my game just to keep up and not fall into the red zone in campaign mode.The Planet Coaster community is very active which enriches the game experience outside of the game itself.  I have relied on the community once or twice to help me get through the Hard Levels in Campaign Mode.The onride and peep videos are upgraded.  I LOVE watching rides in Cinematic mode.There are more pros to Planet Coaster but I feel that I have mentioned many important highlights.  I have not yet tried Challenge Mode as I want to conquer Campaign Mode to earn that achievement.-Cons-The cons list is short but there are a few.NO WATERFALLS, boo.  Also, the pool complexes and animals have not carried into this sequel.  However, the water that is in the game looks amazing.As of right now there is not a way to create scenarios for others to download and play.  However, it is nice to have a few starting options rather than simply starting with a green square.-Conclusion-All-in-all this game is worth every cent.  I'd even pay more for it but I'm assuming I will with a few of the updates that will come out in the future.  However, the first update came with new stuff for free :):):):)It has been about a 10-year wait for a RCT3 sequel and it was worth it!  Now about that New Years resolution to hit the gym...."
,Recommended,493340,27640429,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Smc_,Bought it just for the music...
76561198096828802,Recommended,493340,29529741,Posted: 27 January,all,CityGirl49,"All of the control we wanted from the RCT games, and the beauty. It's a lovely game, I just can't say enough."
,Recommended,493340,27676420,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tobs,"My love for Rollercoaster building games has been reignited thanks to Planet Coaster, and I hadn't even built a coaster until many hours into building an entrance for my park. If you ever played Roller Coaster Tycoon, RCT2 or RCT3 you will love this game without a doubt, definitely worth trying.You can accurately build whatever you want, the tools and assets given to you to build are very easy to use and can be very enjoyable. Even if you don't lack the skill to build, this is one game that I would HIGHLY reccommend using the Steam Workshop; there are some incredible rollercoasters, buildings and decorations made by the community to fill up your park and I've spent a while just riding rollercoasters other people have made.10/10"
,Recommended,493340,29343587,Posted: 18 January,all,Love,Imagine the first time loading up and playing RCT 3 and playing it. Okay now imagine that feeling you got from playing RCT 3 for the first time and multiply it by 100. This is what this game feels like.
76561198028282032,Recommended,493340,27570211,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Almostunstoppable,My Girlfriend finally plays video games with me.10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,493340,29486996,Posted: 25 January,all,Stubbs,"I'm not really the kinda person who spends an hour writing some game review so, don't get your hopes up. Anyway, I'm not sure if this is just me, but I feel like the game lacks content... mostly rides. I also feel like the game focuses more on the creative side of things, they want you to make your own shops and buildings and the editor is quite impressive but when you look at the available rides then it's kind of lacking. Seems like they kinda got lost in making the best terrain and props editor possible and somewhere down the road forgot that this should be a spiritual successor to the RCTC games.I heard horror stories about performance, but so far it's been working just fine on my gtx 1060 on ultra. I had a little bug with vsync enabled, it would drop down to about 30fps every time I moved the camera, but simply alt tabbing out of the game and going back again fixed it. But then again, I have a tiny park. FPS will probably drop faster than my ex dropped me when I start expanding it.I recommend the game if you're into the whole creative build it yourself thingy but if you just care about the rollercoasters and rides then I recommend RCTC 2 or 3."
,Recommended,493340,27657219,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hguin,The best theme park / tycoon coaster game ever made. What else do you want me to say?
,Recommended,493340,27531654,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,★ Crunch Wrap Jewpreme,"This game improves upon the greatness of RCT3, one of the greatest tycoon games of all time. Planet Coaster features modular buiding(on and off grid), spline based roller coaster construction, amazing peep simulation, as well as amazing graphics and sound. Compared to the current competition, this is the best rollercoaster game, and one of the best in the history of all games. It allows you to unleash your creativity, but at the same time it is not overwhelming. If you only want to build rollercoasters and do nothing else, you are able to. If you only want to build flatrides and creative buildings, you can do that as well. I've played this game since alpha and I'm still with it now many months later. Highly recommended for any coaster enthusiast."
76561198170207671,Recommended,493340,26683993,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,MJK2?,"ez graphics, ez coasters, ez life"
76561197996921828,Recommended,493340,29243468,Posted: 14 January,all,mickotine,"Forget the RCT franchise, Planet Coaster is the new king.They took everything we loved about the whole theme park simulation genre, gave it modern graphics, tweaked the player UI, and added user generated content via the Steam Workshop. It's beautiful, meticulous, and highly entertaining.All they need to do is add more Scenarios, either updates or DLC (preferably updates), and Planet Coaster will cement itself as an all-time simulation great. VR might put real theme parks out of business."
,Recommended,493340,26991047,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ludus,Nominated for the “Just 5 More Minutes” award because you only need 5 more minutes creating that toilet block and then you come to the sudden realisation that is 2:30am in the morning and you spent the last 3 hours designing it.Honestly is a great successor to RCT3 with a large emphasis on customisation and creativity with an endless amount of possibilities. Although the management side of the game and content could have been better I’m hoping the developers address this issue in the future.
,Recommended,493340,28282212,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,TheFireDragoon,"old review - I thought I was doing well in my first run of the game. People were riding rides, and buying everything. Then suddenly, my chief beef mascot began a rebellion.I gave him a salary of $999 and forgot about the vendors. The second I finished testing out my newest rollercoaster, half of them quit.10/10 would bribe chief beef again(for real though, this is a good game.)new review - So, for those who played RCT3 and decided to pick up Planet Coaster, let me just say that coaster making is kind of different. While in RCT3 you could make a ride however extreme with drops and sudden going up, let me just say that strategy no longer works. You have to actually use real life logic - will this speed keep going? And then you have to think if people will ride it. You see, while in RCT3 people would ride about anything, you have to be really specific with your coasters. If It's too extreme, nobody will ride it. If it's too nauseating, nobody will ride it. If it's not fun enough, nobody will ride it. Now, you may think i'm exaggerating. But literally NOBODY will ride it. You may be able to get SOME people on if you lower the price to very low, but that won't make you much of a profit. Unless you're in sandbox mode."
,Recommended,493340,26648054,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Niclisten,"Do you like fun? Do you like Rollercoasters? Do you like having a ton of options avaIable at your fingertips?How about devs that communicate? Do you enjoy frequent updates? How about music? Any interest iin awesome music? If you said no, go back and play Sim City.This is the next generation in the Theme Park genre - think of it as Roller Coaster Tycoon without the suck.Lots of colors, lots of options, Sims who have expressions and react to rides and surroundings.If you havve a computer that can run it buy it. There is so much room for growth and potential not to mention Steam Workship support. Truly, this game is the new Cities Skylines...only without Cities..."
76561198313031920,Recommended,493340,29330545,Posted: 17 January,all,Abz Rulz,I just love this game. Buy it if you are a Rollercoaster tycoon fan.
76561198044730972,Recommended,493340,32875640,Posted: 27 June,all,Graphicspad,Awesome game that is only limited to your imagination!
76561198347288405,Recommended,493340,33692645,Posted: 21 July,all,Pandymit,"This game is really something new. Not only can you make your own park you can also make the world because objects have almost no collision. You can build amazing things in the way you want because you can rotate objects 360 degrees any way. This game is really fun because the park gets better when you place more objects! I advice you to buy it, but don't place to many particles at the same spot or you will get havy lagg."
76561198091729596,Recommended,493340,28652079,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Honest Soul,"Its everything anyone who dreamed about Roller Coaster Tycoon 4 could have wanted!If you loved RTC3, GET IT!"
76561198025658206,Recommended,493340,26748692,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,SpawnDonkey,"It has been a long time since I bought a full priced game and been so enthusiastic about actually getting my money's worth. To put it simple: this game is very fun. If you enjoyed RCT3, this is the game for you."
76561197960379409,Recommended,493340,26747855,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,FloSch,"Just great!The feeling from rct3, the usability from CitySkylines and the possibility to create stunning sceneries is just awesome.I really look forward for future updates like, waterparks and animals."
76561198151347721,Recommended,493340,26748928,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Aylia,"I absolutely love this game!! This is the type of game you could easily spend 50-100+ on and completely lose track of time.  It is definitely worth the price, and is everything you could hope for in a new roller coaster game. It looks great, with only some minor frame rate issues, and is incredibly detailed. You can customize mostly everything and even custom build essentially anything want, within the limit of the pieces. The roller coaster tools are amazing, making you spend hours upon hours on your perfect, epic roller coaster. My only two complaints are that I wish there were more building materials and more themes for the materials as I feel limited to what I want my park to look like. I also wish the game was more challenging  like the old Roller Coaster Tycoon games with strict rules and  achievements.  Overall, I love this game and if you are a roller coaster tycoon 3 fan (or really a roller coaster fan in general), love customizing and building, and have hours of free time, this is the game for you!"
76561197971175944,Recommended,493340,26646244,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,CrimsonMerc,Pure Infectious joy.Highly addictive and rewarding what you put in is what you get out. The building system is amazing and the amount of variety and interestesting things you can make are un bound.Get it play it love it!
,Recommended,493340,26673015,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Maj. Herb-Head,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!Had to start off with that. What a totally brilliant game, the TRUE successor to the RCT franchise. It has all the charm it should, the peeps feel alive, The flat rides and coasters are really good with lots of customization options, the Piece by Piece tool is really fun to play with and extremely flexible, the list could go on. Yes, of course there are a few minor niggle's but looking at the track record it shouldn't take long for them to get it sorted.Overall 8/10.An awesome game worth anyone's money."
76561198048339875,Recommended,493340,26686780,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Wakapalypze,"Second review ive ever done.Let me be clear, I have always been a huge sim management genre fan, and my personal favorite games in that genre being the Rollercoaster Tycoon Series.I loved the original Rollercoaster Tycoon, but the second entry into the series with the ""tripple thrill pack"" expansions, was my most enjoyable peak. I spent many hours planning out parks on drawings I made at school and then going home to put even more hours into the game. The reason why, I'm not sure. I just really think I'm into customization and personalization. I loved playing scenarios and spent plenty of time in the sandbox mode as well. Everything about RCT2 was fantastic, to the building, rides, and park management. That game became a huge part of my life for quite some time.Once RCT 3 came out I was so stoked, but unfortunatley at the time my Dell Desktop PC was too weak to even install the game so I gave up. Many years later I finally got a PC decent enough to run RCT 3, and my feelings about it were iffy, A huge charm in the art style from 1 and 2 were completley gone, but being able to see the parks in 3d and ride the rides were a cool touch. But I felt like the more detailed customization was missing for lack of a better word. I didnt put too much time into RCT 3 because I genuinly wasnt impressed with it, because it didnt quite give me the same feeling as the older titles.Once I heard RCT World was being made, I was ecstatic. I was hoping for the game to become a more established version of what RCT 3 was, bringing the same general concept, but expanding on what RCT truly was like in 2, for example. I wanted the best of 2 and the best of 3 combined into a most perfect coaster sim game:Large ParksTons of structure/decore itemsTons of variety of coaster TypesTons of ridesAdvanced terraformingGreat Park ManagementMemorable CharmFun Scenarios(and much more)Sadly, according to the general consensus, RCT world was shaping to be an awful game. That's when I lost faith for my pefect Idea of a coaster sim.But alas, one day I stumble upon a trailer for ""Planet Coaster,"" and It most certainly peaked my interest. I found that it was being developed independently by Frontier Games, (who made RCT3). The trailer was so good that my hopes were back up again. I thought that this could definitley be Frontier's second chance at a coaster sim.I stayed in the dark and avoided any videos are previews at all about planet coaster. As a matter of fact I almost forgot it released. So I got home tonight and saw the fantastic reviews this game was getting and I bought it instantly.I booted the game up, and within 15 minutes my mouth dropped to the floor, the graphics are stellar, the lighting and terrain detail are 11/10. It adds so much atmosphere that I didn't even know that I wanted. I was on the first scenario mission to see what was possible and the ""pirate battle map"" was so impressive that I ran so many ideas through my head on what I could build. After looking through the menus and finding all the options ""where they should be"" I was getting more and more stoked. The amount of content in this game is staggering and from what I can tell you can almost build anything! WHOLY CRAP THE CUSTOMIZATION IS REDICULOUS. The amount of ideas im going to have on what kind of parks im going to build is going to be crazy.That being said... I played a few more hours and came to an immediate conclusion on what this game serves me. It covers my entire list for what I expected RTC world to be (list above) AND THEN SOME. I cannot wait to dump hours into this game and relive the glorious RCT 2 days but it a much more adanced and evolved form.Thank you so much Frontier for making this masterpiece, papa bless, no cringe, dank af, hugh mungus thanks, I rate this game a 15/10.If you love RCT 2 as much as me, youre in for a treat my bb."
76561197970835038,Recommended,493340,28732111,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hfc1875,"I know this is a great game, I've watched hours of lets play videos and it's right up my street, I want this game.  However this is the only game I have bought that my computer quite simply could not handle, even at lowest settings.  I was surprised but it was inevitible that it would happen some day.  For full disclosure I am running a i7 920 D zero stepping overlocked to 3.6GHZ, 16 GB of DDR3, Nvidia 970 GTX.  I was getting 25 FPS at minimum settings, not good enough for me and the majority of other PC gamers, console gamers would probably be happy with that ;)   I can play the likes of Witcher 3, Deux Ex Mankind Divided, WoW, Metro Last Light running at 1080p max settings  (Nvida Hairworks and supersampling turned down a bit in some cases) and get 60 FPS.I still recommend this game and will repurchase once I have done somthing about my processor, just be aware that a game that looks this awesome requires alot of power in the old processing department.  My first ever refund request :("
,Recommended,493340,27903627,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ÑømäÐîç Ð¡Ñt LòĜ,"I always sucked at Roller coaster tycoon, but somehow got most of my childhood videogame enjoyment out of it. This keeps all of the original feel and features of roller coaster creation while improving on the old formula and adding all the extremely useful tools and features any RCT fan has probably dreamt of... pretty much...so yeah, it's good.worth more than $45"
,Recommended,493340,28706432,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,franchiceddhu,"This game really feed your creativity hunger. At the start it may seem a little bit intimidating, especially if you dig into Sandbox mode without trying Challenges and Scenarios, which are good for a slow-paced, easy learning curve (but since I'm a RCT veteran, I went through Sandbox immediately). Workshop is glorious, there's plenty for every needs, but - and keep it as a personal advice - I suggest trying building something on your own. Graphically this game is astonishing, but the engine suffers from a CPU bottlenecking due to the number of guests. But in the end, I'll keep on playing this game."
,Recommended,493340,28723130,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JonL21,"Very promising spiritual successor to the RCT series, albeit several bugs and annoyances. But with the dedicated team behind the game and constant updates to maintain the game's quality of life, Planet Coaster is a must-buy for those who enjoy the amusement park simulation genre."
,Recommended,493340,26730650,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hobo of Rivia,There are so many customization options available to build a park EXACTLY how you want it... I've legitimately played 22 hours of this game and have not yet placed a single coaster down just because I've been focusing on building the aesthetics of the park. Look forward to future updates from the devs. Highly recommended!
76561198097635824,Recommended,493340,26721991,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Godsknight92,"Spent the better part of 11 hours designing an entrance and 1 roller coaster, so there’s that....Major thing that needs attention in this game is the camera controls especially when building underground and inside buildings, it makes it a little harder than it needs to be and can be frustrating. Also a little fine tuning on graphics as well I am seeing frame rate drops9/10  still a Must by if you’re a fan of Rollercoaster Tycoon"
76561198259728887,Recommended,493340,27627265,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Saltywomb,"Really fun to play. You get lots of options with the style you want, because you can built everything what you want with the building tool, but when your park gets big and you decorated it fully, it will start lagging even though you have a good pc. I really like that you can change options within the small stores and also the options for your park management. Controls are a bit diffuclt in the beginning but ones you get used to it, it's easy. I really recommend it if you like to decorate and build within the park because if you want the best income with rides you kind of have to do that."
76561198026144430,Recommended,493340,28442387,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,GothGirl Gamer,"Just awesome in every way.The workshop brings no end of fun and additional content.The developers just keep updating which is wonderful and a welcome change to the usual.They include new content in most of the updates which I also like, like new recently added winter/christmas update, love by the way <3!If you loved RCT as much as I did back in the day and was really disappointed with RCT world. Then trust me and buy this, you won't be sorry.Best game I have bought since Witcher 3!!"
,Recommended,493340,26721637,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Vethod,"Really Fun game, reminds me of the old good RTC times. Running this game on i7 6700 and GTX 1060, runs butter smooth around 50 FPS everything maxed on a 2560x1080 resolution. Its super easy to pick up for new and old players to the genre."
,Recommended,493340,27621323,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ltskitzo,"I didn't think I could get into a game that requires me to be so creative, but this is simply brilliant. I can't get enough. It's playful, easy to learn and endlessly rewarding. I can't wait to see what they can add to make it even better!"
,Recommended,493340,27967421,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,123,"I've only spent 7 hours on this as I've been moving house and I know if I put it on, it will be another 5+ hours every session. I sway more towards the creative sandbox than management so I love it, especially the easy coaster design and effect triggers you can add. You can see why this is such a popular game on Twitch."
76561198012704097,Recommended,493340,26721015,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Fiskey,"This game takes what RCT1 & 2 had best and brought it to the next level.Having RCT1 & 2 as a favorite childhood game, I was hesitant to try this out.  I already had high standards (heck, RCT3 couldn't even meet them), but I can tell you that any new theme park creator is going to have a tough time beating this game.Pros:-Absolutely amazing graphics -- fantastic job devs, they're not too taxing but also look amazing-Ability to basically put anything wherever -- I can add rocks to rides (as long as the carts/vehicles won't hit them)-Ability to really customize your park -- the fact that I can change up what a store looks like is something I didn't know I needed-Lack of real learning curve -- yes, my first park is terrible but it's not too bad compared to what I expected it wasCons-~~I feel like there's a lack of scenery -- I haven't checked the workshop yet and I'm *hoping* the workshop has some good scenery~~ (REMOVED AS OF 7/18 DUE TO UPDATES)-Paths are a pain, tbh, but they work and are MUCH better than grid-based pathstl;dr: Absolutely amazing game mechanics, while there are some annoying features (paths; lack of a ton of scenery) this game by far beats out any other creator EVER.  I would 100% recommend this.Update #1:After receiving a number of updates I think it's important to update this review.I was very worried this game would become a ""pay $5 to unlock the snow theme"" sort of game, and it hasn't (yet).  The amount of updates that have added new things really makes this game even more fun, and even making me remove one of my cons: the updates have added TONS of new scenery items.  Of course you can always use more, and that's why the workshop exists.As of now, my review still stands.  Best money I spent on a game.  You can tell the devs love this game and want to improve it.  100% recommend for anyone who is considering it."
,Recommended,493340,27574488,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Reyo,Just perfect. this game is the true succesor of RCT3
76561198344028890,Recommended,493340,28487242,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,mummygamer1983,"best game ive played in a long till. amazing concept, graphs and even better devs and community.. keep up the amazing work guys. your promised this would be amazing and you delivered it. massive thumbs up"
,Recommended,493340,27180814,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Svander,Best Coaster game since Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 !!
,Recommended,493340,28714269,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Thrax,"I've really, REALLY enjoyed this game so much. I can't say i've grown tired of it, nor do I see myself becoming tired of it at all in the near future.The only one downside to this game is that it lacks varioius terrain texture options (Like snow). The only way to do anything with snowy terrain is to play specifically on the snow map provided by the holiday update. I created a park before the holiday update and have this massive mountain in the center of the park. The ultimate finishing touch on it would be to put an icey snowy top on it, but I haven't been able to do that without snow texturing ability since it's locked to that one snow map.So if you have a frozen biome you wanna make in a particular area of your tropical park, you're gonna have to improvise.Other than that, this game has been absolutely the best!"
,Recommended,493340,26718170,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Anton,"Limitless possibilities, only stopped by your imagination."
,Recommended,493340,26718745,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,No_Mic,"Great game, lots of fun, I think it needs a tad more polish, but overall its a blast."
,Recommended,493340,27323137,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kabby,"If you're a fan of Roller Coaster Tycoon, Planet Coasters is a must buy. Frontier does a great job with its community and there is a platform here to create impressive theme parks for years to come."
,Recommended,493340,26667951,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,гопник,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthormagnificentPros:stunning visuals and performancenice animationscatchy music (but some ride music is annoying but you are able to deactivate them)workshop, for lazy(uncreative players or just for inspirationroom for more (hotels, security, animals, etc.)Cons:some bugs (mechanics wont repair, sudden stutter, etc.)sometimes the guests didn't want to ride your coasters because it's too risky... :Cyour lifetime slowly fades when you play"
76561198030054828,Recommended,493340,27715246,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DELTA632,Amazing game. So much detailed and possibilities are endless. No word to describe. I'm having a hard time playing this game because I'm not creative like most people out there. But I love games that are like that because it will never get boring!!! definitely recommended this to everyone!
,Recommended,493340,28526109,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Chromos | Syntex,"Planet Coaster is a great game that offers a huge range of customization. I love the fact that the devs have implemented the workshop feature into the game, making the import of custom blueprints effortless. The game has a great community, and is really fun just to kick back, put on some music, and build to your heart's content. I do have two negatives unfortunately.1) There isn't really much micromanagement. I know that you can train the staff, increase wages and adjust food prices, but I would really like to see them go deeper into the possibilities in terms of micro management. I'd like to have a wider variety of staff to choose from, not just the generic janitor and the generic mechanic.2) The PATHS. The paths really make or break a theme park. In essence, they are the cement between the bricks, but they are such a pain to use. Some paths don't connect, some paths can't be placed due to the terrain (another fantastic feature) and the fact that you can't use queue paths for the exit of rides really bugs me.Overall, I think this is a great game, and it looks as though the devs are contiuosuly acting upon feedback from the communtiy. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes city builders, or really just any games involving customization, because that is what this offers - lots and lots and lots of deep customization."
,Recommended,493340,28535615,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Tech,Love the RollerCoaster Tycoon Franchise?? CheckLove building Roller Coasters?? CheckThis game is for you!
,Recommended,493340,29548648,Posted: 28 January,all,Rush,Feels like a rejuvinated Thrilleville :)
,Recommended,493340,26647415,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Karpii,Everything a modern day Roller Coaster / Theme park game should be.Beautiful graphics and fun gameplay.
,Recommended,493340,27337714,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alvazia,"This game remind me when I was a child,I used to go to the park a lot with my family,but now I barely have time for that :')"
,Recommended,493340,33067616,Posted: 30 June,all,A birb,"If you want to get a deep experience managing a theme park, this game is... okay-ish. The management aspects are there, but they do feel a bit off.However, if you are looking for a sandbox to just build whatever your imagination can come up with, this is absolutely perfect.The significant amount of free content is a plus as well. Just needs some waterpark and wildlife park/zoo content and it'll be the perfect sandbox I've always wanted.Pros:- Quite beautiful graphics and a very nice artstyle- Excellent sound design- Wonderful sandbox theme park building experienceCons:- A bit unoptimized. Large, crowded parks take a long time to load and can cause significant framerate drops.- Management side of things is a bit off, though to be totally honest, I can't quite pinpoint why."
76561198039067972,Recommended,493340,26649964,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,FancySadFace,"Was always unsure about the new ""style"" of Roller Coaster games after playing RCT and RCT2 for many years. I have loved the thought of building my own amusement park and read the specs that were included in this game and thought I should try it out. Boy was I glad I did, I think I have more fun creating the scenery and layout of the park than building the rides themself! The building takes a bit of practice but when you figure it out, its amaxing. The details are amazing, the NPC build is almost true to a real life experience. 10/10, thank you Frontier for bringing back my love for Roller Coaster and Theme Park building!"
,Recommended,493340,26649988,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Kwask,"Definitely one of the better games to come out this year, Planet Coaster is the true successor to the Roller Coaster Tycoon series. Everything has been improved, from coaster construction, to terraforming, to park managment. If you were a fan of earlier Roller Coaster Tycoon games, then this is definitely the game for you."
,Recommended,493340,27453918,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sprayAlexander,This game just gave me an ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,493340,33195530,Posted: 3 July,all,CHESTER RIP BROTHER,"It's worth every penny even at full price, and the devs deserve every single one of them pennies.So don't think twice before getting this amazing welll polished always updated with free content game.A DEFINITE BUY."
76561198084889905,Recommended,493340,26688986,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,мя_тяι∂σg,such  an amazing fun game! the best one ever yet
,Recommended,493340,26715850,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,winwanwon,"If you're a fan of Rollercoaster Tycoon series, or you just love tycoon games, I would recommend this game for you.It's like RCT3 with much more improvements. Nice interface, easy-to-use rollercoaster editor, ride sequences, many advanced options, blueprints on steam workshop, etc. You'll love it."
,Recommended,493340,26670240,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Slothdough,"After the RCTW incident, I honestly was afraid for this game to be released in the same state. I'm glad that didn't happen. Instead, we get a working game, which is 100x advanced and yet more easy to control than rctw. I might have thrown my money away on that game but this game made up for it.This game is just good. Almost everything about it. Don't believe me? Let me compare this game to rctw.GraphicsThe graphics in Rollercoaster tycoon world seem lifeless. Planet coaster knew what they did and did it right. Wacky but nice looking characters. I especially love the groups they did. You rarely see anyone walking on his own. It's usually a family or a group of friends that walks by.SoundsBoth rollercoaster tycoon aswell as planet coaster have a lot of sounds. Planet coaster just has about 10x more and more options for it. e.g. ambience boxes you can place around the park. Or triggers that trigger the sounds to be played. Either I missed that or rctw didn't have them. But the sounds sound good. If you use them right, you can really get the feeling you're actually in a themepark.ControlsIn Planet Coaster, it feels like i've played the game for hundreds of hours already. I know exactly what every control does because they're logical. In rctw it didn't feel this way. It felt like a chore, finding and remembering the controls.Overall gameplayWhen I started rctw, the first thing I noticed was the incredible amounts of lag I had to go through before I could load a park. In the park it only became worse. Planet Coaster has smooth loading. Smooth building. I rarely get lagspikes. Controls feel good. Sound sounds good. The amount of items is just right but can still be expanded without it feeling too overwhelming. This game is just perfect.The best themepark game that has been released till this day in my opinion.If you want a themepark game. Buy this one. If you want to waste your money, buy rctw."
,Recommended,493340,26645958,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Pat Dabney (Chopped & Screwed),"This game has the power to cure depression.Planet Coaster is the Roller Coaster Tycoon game we need and deserve. It is well documented how big a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Roller Coaster Tycoon World is. That’s probably because the original developers of the RTC series didn’t work on that title. Good job Atari. So our saviour's at Frontier Developments couldn’t let their baby get thrown into the trash compactor like that, so they did something about it. They pulled up their sleeves and started a good old fashioned kickstarter for their new project Planet Coaster....FULL REVIEW HERE:http://snerdaperds.com/2017/02/planet-coaster/"
76561197993564736,Recommended,493340,28075419,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,EdTwo'Onine,20+ hours in and still havent put down a ride. Its all about the fine details.
,Recommended,493340,26649332,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,2B or not 2B,"This game reminds me of my childhood days where I used to spend hours on Rollercoaster and Zoo tycoon ! After that the coaster games just waned off.. Thanks to the devs for bringing back the genre.Awesome graphics, looks really gorgeous with global illumination, also game is very well optimized. I heard there were some bugs in alpha stage but i have been playing for 15 hours now did not come across any.Coming to the gameplay - Everything you can build from scratch , very detailed building system with all the controls you will want. Be it buildings or coasters everything is very well detailed. All these result in easily visualizing the thoughts that come in our mind and building them. Just look at the amazing stuff people have built in the steam workshop, which brings me to my next part the workshop integration which is a very much needed addition and works like a charm. The devs has been pushing updates and communicating well through forums which makes things much better.There are some small issues like objects snapping in wrong manner when building, sometimes terrain modifying works wierd.. These are minor ones that don't affect the experience much and hopefully will be fixed. Other than that more props and decorations can be patched in for usage or prop creation/sharing can be introduced in workshop. For beginners a in-game guided tutorial rather than videos will be helpful :)Don bother buying the Roller coaster tycoon world, its been getting bad reviews from early access , bugged and its just a competition for name sake.This game has really revived this genre for me, totally recommend to fans of the old tycoon games and new people thinking of building awesome theme parks.."
76561198241483600,Recommended,493340,28689625,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Legoman249,"> Buy Planet Coaster for Christmas> Browsing memes while downloading> Deus Vult> Get awsome idea> As soon as game is finished, created a sandbox game> Name park: Holy Land. A crusade based theme park> Build wall around park> Build city inside wall> About 5 hours in and I have already forgotten that the game has rides> Many buildings, such decoration, very crusade, wow> Add rollercoaster> Build it around an open part of wall> Build catapult and trebuckets> Deus vult infidels> Built park in name of God10/10 would build crusades again"
,Recommended,493340,28701291,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Orangebrew,GreatControlls are excellent and the potential is limmitless.
76561197996114399,Recommended,493340,28707552,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,karmavirus,Totally Roller Coaster Tycoon 4.  I have fallen in love with this gem!  Just needs... DINOSAURS!
76561198084892516,Recommended,493340,31264556,Posted: 20 April,all,Walter Wrap,"If you're like me, you grew up playing RCT3, and loved it, but felt.... held back by it. I always wanted to play Sandbox mode, making awesome parks based on whatever I liked at the time, but the lack of building options made that near impossible.Fast forward over a decade later, and Planet Coaster comes out, and it is (more or less) exactly what I always wanted from the older games! Along with the usual stuff you'd find in RCT games, I can do most of the things I never could in any other Theme Park game.For some examples:-I can make Dark Rides. Just make a track ride, add buildings/scenery around it, add trigger events, and you have yourself an ACTUAL DARK RIDE!!! This has never been done in any other RCT-style game, to my knowledge.-Thanks to the in-depth customization options, I can make all those themed rides I wanted to make! For instance, right now I'm working on an F-Zero Roller Coaster, a Steel Samurai Coaster (from Ace Attorney), a Kirby ride, a couple of Undertale rides, ect. As you can see from the Steam Workshop, It's never been easier to make awesome stuff.-Speaking of the Steam Workshop, there's over 100,000 items in there! While not ALL of them are great, lots of them are downright MIND-BLOWING. And you can use any of them in your own parks!Now, it isn't perfect.  The game is still missing some features from RCT3 (such as Fireworks, a Scenerio Creator, Bobsled Coasters), and some other things that would be good to have (such as Carnival Games).BUT!!! Thanks to the wonders of modern technology, we get new, FREE updates every so often, that add loads of stuff! Also considering how much the developers have shown to care about this game, and its fans, I'm almost 100% sure that the majority of our requests will come eventually.If you only care about the management side of the game, I'd probably wait until they fine-tune all that before buying.But if you love building, then trust me.You will LOVE this game."
,Recommended,493340,30212401,Posted: 26 February,all,sandsharkattack,"So many possibilities. So much customization. Beautiful graphics, effects, nice music, and very addicting. All around great park simulation game that takes away so much of my time. Love it, hate it. Can't stop playing.I would say that it's not perfect, and there are many things that need to be looked at or improved, such as guest AI, but the devs are very on top of it and seem to really care about the game. For the most part, love all the improvements and updates this game as gotten recently, and will continue to support it."
,Recommended,493340,30261771,Posted: 1 March,all,Harrix1911,What could be funnierthan a game let you create the FUN itself.10/10 This game take you back to your childhood!
76561198355634674,Recommended,493340,32850958,Posted: 27 June,all,Super llama XD,Fun And Adicting
76561198358236577,Recommended,493340,29107142,Posted: 7 January,all,MikeyPC,one of my favssssssssssssssssss
76561198084171671,Recommended,493340,31212332,Posted: 17 April,all,ASUNA.....,This company actually cares about its users.They frequentlly add new free content. Great game. I'm looking forward to seeing new games from them in the future.
76561198154179024,Recommended,493340,26709185,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,p[.A.]DrE,perfect coaster game !
,Recommended,493340,26709325,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,dAb oN tHeM hAtErS,This game is SO AWESOME. My new favorite game and I can't wait for DLC!! Rip Rollercoaster Tycoon tho xD
,Recommended,493340,26653425,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Meppers,"just a heads up, mods are limited to sharing things made with the game's very powerful built in ride and scenery editor. You can't make your own new flat rides or new types of roller coasters from scratch, with a program like blender or something like that."
,Recommended,493340,27540451,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SaltyLLama,The best creative oultet i have ever seen
,Recommended,493340,26653410,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,don't touch me my dad is a lawye,"BEST. THEMEPARK. GAME. EVER.Seriously though, if you like management; buy this game.if you like building realistic coasters; buy this game.if you like creativity and architecture; buy this game.if you like terraforming and sculpting beautiful landscapes; buy this game.if you have a soul; BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,493340,28594185,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Simulacrat,It's the antidote to 2016.
,Recommended,493340,27976038,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Crimsonrain256,Great Game
,Recommended,493340,27976753,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JoBarf 3D,"I can finally take my boyfriend to Disneyland, this game has made my dream come true!"
76561197983346586,Recommended,493340,32727771,Posted: 24 June,all,sauros1,It's rollercoaster 3 with better graphics and a spline based coaster design system.
76561198067249014,Recommended,493340,26676816,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,iPrecision,"Excellent. Superb. Unrivaled.Just a few words to describe this masterpiece. I love a good Tycoon game, allow me to manage a park. But what seriously takes the cake here, is the creativity freedom you get. You can build ANYTHING you put your mind to.I spent a few hours and built the Space Needle. THE SPACE NEEDLE. Its not pretty, but its the fact i had the freedom to make something to that degree.12.7/10 Phenomenal."
76561198007319314,Recommended,493340,35373816,Posted: 1 October,all,DNR Gaming Chase,"Great game alot of fun, I would say the best of its type out there atm. Modding community adds alot to the game. Alot of dlc coming out which you may or may not want. Plenty in game to keep you busy."
76561198313344977,Recommended,493340,26673113,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,YA-BOY-JOEY™,Planet Coaster is the best rollercoaster tycoon game in the last eight years. The graphics are excellent and actually look realistic. The guests look awesome and are the best I have also seen in a tycoon game ever. For a game that has just come out I have not found hardly any bugs in the game and it runs at a constant of between 70 - 80 fps in game. I recommend this game to anyone who likes tycoon games and would also recommend players buy this game over the failed Rollercoaster Tycoon 4.Good game and I thank the developers for delivering a realistic and bug free game!
,Recommended,493340,28332271,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Vaeldious,A must buy.
,Recommended,493340,27579669,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,rawbelly,I would leave a review but I am too busy trying to pick up this garbage people keep throwing everywhere.Would hire more Janitors  10/10
,Recommended,493340,27578482,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zervo,"a great Theme Park game..by far this is the best RCT (Roller Coaster Tycoon) successor.+ awesome graphic detail+ awesome build/design tools+ got lots of coaster/track rides variety+ got lots of scenery item/object+ support steam workshop+ have 12 campaign/scenario missions (for now), sandbox mode, and challenge mode (haven't touch this yet, but they said they will update this with more mission/difficulty)the build/design tools and scenery are so powerful that you can almost create anything as far as your imagination & creativity can go.it is like the dev basically put a simple graphic model design software inside the game- need a good computer to support the graphic quality & performance (especially the CPU)- lack of flat rides (rides beside coaster)- lack of stall/station variety (food, drink, item/souvenir. ex: cotton candy, umbrella, etc)- rather simple park management panel, enough but not as detail as RCT (easier to manage & get money too)Rides & stall will be updated, some will be free and for the rest hopefully with reasonable DLC.SummaryPlanet Coaster is more powerful in the beautification aspect rather than in the park management aspect.So if you are only looking for a challenging builder game and will soon get bored with the sandbox type of play, depends how good and how rush you are, roughly you will only play for around 20-30 hours for the missions & challenges (as of now).it all depends on how much you like to play around with a builder game.if you do like it, this game could accommodate endless hours of play with its powerful tools.and you can share your works (blueprint/park) in the workshop too ;)"
76561198155051347,Recommended,493340,28263444,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Simple Rick,as good as roller coaster tycoon 3
,Recommended,493340,26649134,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Jolly | On Laptop,"Planet... F**KING... COASTER! Nuf Said :D Seriously, this is an absolute masterpiece of a game that absolutely ANYONE who played RCT3 HAS to own"
,Recommended,493340,26680572,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Chims,Robust theme park sim. A blend of every rct.
,Recommended,493340,26651076,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Obviously Dracula,"I love this game. I bought into the beta when it launched and in 7 days I had racked up 40 hours full of customizing rides, creating terrain, laying down pathways, passively watching guests roam my park, and trying to find the perfect management options.It's not just a sim game or a park builder game, it's also a feel-good kind of game. I feel happy when I build a ride and my guests actually look really excited to ride it. There's like a warm feeling when you see a guest and their family watching an entertainer and see that their thought at that time is ""I love [entertainer]""The sandbox gameplay is the best stress relief I've come across in months. I absolutely love not having to really worry about anything and just getting lost in building a perfect park for myself and my guests.Planet Coaster has been worth every penny. After a week now, even If I stopped playing it today and never touched it again, it has given me such great moments already that I would never regret this purchase. GG, Frontier."
,Recommended,493340,35160672,Posted: 23 September,all,Etherlight,"Okay after 170 hours I think I tinkled the game enough to give my 2 cents worth of opinion.Good: Planet Coaster can be so many things and satisfy many gaming needs. My wife, an accountant, play it as armchair manager to create a successful, profiting amusement park. My 7 years old boy play it as a digital lego and train set and let his imagination go wild. I use it as an artistical expression to use coaster and scenery to creat the next masterpiece.The UI is great and it's easy to piece coasters and buildings together. The game carry a light-hearted and relaxing atmosphere and there's no offensive content for my young child to enjoy. Visually a noticeable upgrade from RCT3, a lot of attention to details, down to the non-verbral gestures of your guests in every situations (even as they need to go to bathrooms.)Now the bad: First of all the camera control is just horrible. After 170 hours of gameplay I still cannot get use to it and I'm still struggling in tight spaces. The music is often inaudible and there's no in game volume control of park speakers. Scenary object cannot be scaled and thus limit how you can build stuffs. The DLCs don't have the same kind of quality as in RCT3, instead of full fledged expansion like water park, you just get small scenery pieces that act to divide workshop audiences if they don't have them. The game also requires a monster PC to run smoothly in large parks with many visitors and scenary objects.Overall a very good amusement park simulation with a few flaws."
76561198180727379,Recommended,493340,30538081,Posted: 16 March,all,vtoxgamer,"I absolutely LOVE the game, the only problem is, well for me the controls are too hard to use and remember. You would need to play the game every day to remember the controls, or else  you would need to spend a day remembering them.Although except for that I recommend this game.I love the art style and the concept of being able to create, share and manage your own theme park.If only the controls were a tiny bit easier it would be twiec as good."
76561198099010632,Not Recommended,493340,26675564,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Jhslow,"This game is beautiful. I'll get that out of the way first. The music, the graphics, the UI the atmosphere, everything about it  is beautiful.This game is fun IF you like building things and sandboxy game play. By all means buy it, its much better that RCTW.However, if you want a tycoon style game, or a game where management matters, do not get this game. Although it is touted as a selling point, the management aspect of the game is super slim. As other reviewers have mentioned, there is no 'point' on the management side of the game. As long as you build rides and drop scenery, you will make money. And you're not competing against anything or anyone.I had to refund this game. Again, this review is for those who wanted a management aspect to the game. If you just want to build cool rollercoasters, this is still the game for you."
,Recommended,493340,26650155,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Piraat,Best rollercoaster tycoon game on the market.
,Not Recommended,493340,29177616,Posted: 10 January,all,Spooder,"This game has great customization, you can make the park of your dreams with very few limitations.However, those limitations can be quite annoying, ie >20 fps. (My computer is certainly not a toaster.)Guests aren't exactly the smartest in this game, making a rollercoaster with any type of large lift hill will make them absolutely hate the ride, excitement will drop drastically.When you spend an hour creating a great rollercoaster, only to find that trying to watch the pov will drastically drop your frames, and guests get bored of it fast and excitement is way lower than it should be for no reason, you really lose interest."
,Not Recommended,493340,27905404,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gdrom,"Very good theme park simulation game where you have the freedom to create everything you have in your mind and this is the strong point of the game. The management of the buisness is the worse part ever seen, there is not challenge to make the park management difficult.If you are looking for a challenge and management then you won't find what you are looking for in this game. but if you want use your creativity and you enjoy the build side, you must have it."
76561198001406993,Not Recommended,493340,28279301,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,J03,"The game has potential, but is currently HEAVILY restricted because performance issues. I haven't filled even half of the park , have around 6-7k people in it and the performance is all over the place. Lowering the settings doesn't help much, the difference between ultra and low is around 10-20fps, and the game itself is running around 30fps. My specs are i5 3570k @ 4ghz, 8gb ram and gtx 970.Comparing the game performance to something like cities skylines (which I though was powerhungry, especially with CPU(with mods)) this game needs some serious optimization.The game has some other problems too, mainly with visitor AI and building tools (making paths can make you want to hit your face to your desk).At this state, I wouldn't recommend it. It feels still ""early access"" althought it's supposed to be the full release version.update: as of 23 of January 2017, nothing has really changed and they haven't made any comments on if they plan to optimize the game. I guess it's safe to say the game will stay as it is and you need a monster cpu to run this game even close to 60fps with big parks (above 6000 visitors). Guess my review will stay negative forever."
,Recommended,493340,26664083,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Yournal,My attractions are playing Soviet march songsI like this game
76561198209704051,Recommended,493340,26646978,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Shmoebagel,Simply Brilliant.
76561197971604143,Not Recommended,493340,35228408,Posted: 26 September,all,~L3oN~,"Although I enjoy building bits and bobs in sandbox mode I cannot recommend this as a purchase to anyone at this point in time.  The framerate takes a serious nosedive once your park reaches a certain population to the point that it sap's the fun right out of it.  There appears to be a fundamental flaw with the simulation calculations that means most (if not all) cpu's become stuttering fools once you have 2000+ guests in the park and it becomes a bottleneck for the whole experience.  This translates to you only really being able to build a dozen rides on 20% of the available terrain whilst maintaining a smooth consistent experience.  It is a known serious bug/flaw that I dont think frontier developments can rectify.  Their ""fix"" is to let you limit the parks population to an amount you specify.The problem with that is when attempting to progress in the career mode you end up with a park that is too big and too sparsely populated for it to be finacially sustainable.  It is a massive shame as you are given enough tools to be incredibly creative (some of the user created parks are amazing!!) but run out of the enthusiasm to use them as the inevitable frame rate drops linger right around the corner.For info I run this on a 6700k at 4.4Ghz with a Gtx 1080 ti.  (i've tested it on a 7700k at stock with 1080ti sli also with similar results - game resolution or graphical settings have very little affect on performance on the rigs i ran it on)If the population issue is ever improved or solved I would recommend this to everyone, but, it's Fdev, so they wont, so I can't.     (i would be happy to eat those words one day but as elite and planet coaster are still riddled with day 1 bugs....)PLEASE GOD DONT LET THEM BREAK JURASSIC PARK!!!"
76561198015500332,Not Recommended,493340,28794891,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,YazzleDazzle,"First and foremost, this is a good game, its just not the game for me.This game strips out a lot of the complexity and management items that I loved about the Roller Coaster Tycoon series and instead focused on creativity tools. If you enjoy meticulously placing each and every bush, barrel and rock in your park, you'll more than get your money's worth out of this game.That being said, the game does suffer from a few key problems.1. The framerate gets real bad very often. Especially when placing paths, the framerate tanks to an almost unplayable level. Once my park started taking up about half of the playable area, the poor framerate became too unbearable for me to continue playing.2. The pathing for the visitors is abysmal. You'll find countless examples online and it won't take you long at all to encounter the dreaded bundle of people. They'll all gather in one spot on a path and it'll just be a nightmare. Nobody can pass and its size makes it almost impossible to deal with. I'm not saying the whole visitor pathing in general is bad, in fact I love it most of the time. Its just that when it goes wrong, it goes wrong in such a catastrophic manner that I'd rather it just do what the original Roller Coaster Tycoon did and just let people walk straight through each other.3. The actual 'game' is far too easy. The campaign is a joke and it quickly became very apparent that the game lacked any kind of difficulty as the campaign has to resort to things like ""your ride will break down constantly"" to create any kind of difficulty. Its frustrating and it took me about 15 hours to finish all the campaigns and get every single steam achievement. One level in particular stands out to me as being the worst level. Your goal is to achieve a certain profit from shops and stores in a park that is very very small. After creating some parks that did amazingly well, I couldn't hit the value I needed. The only way I got it was to shut down all my stores for a month, drive demand through the roof and then open them all up and feed the backlog of starving, thirsty people in my park. This isn't how I want to play my games. It feels cheap and unrewarding.4. There is no depth. This game follows a very simple formula which once you solve means each new park is an exersize in repetition. Build a roller coaster and a few rides, max out their queue rating and make sure nobody thinks they are good values and you'll be rolling in cash.5. Some key mechanics (coaster building in particular) are horribly explained. Want to know why a section of your coaster is causing too much fear or not enough exitement? Too bad! It desperatly needs some simple stuff saying ""lateral Gs will increase nausea"" or anything like this. I hated building roller coasters in this game. It punished creativity and if you wanted to make neat looking ones that did cool things with the scenery, prepare to get punished for it. Also when people complain about vomit, its incredibly frustrating as you poor over every inch of your park paths to identify the one ride your janitors never clean.6. Work rosters are needed and broken. The pathing of your staff is garbage. I have 20 janitors all with specified rosters (almost 1 janitor per ride) because they don't stay put. The rosters don't seem to do anything and the janitors AI is garbage. My park has 4 times more janitors than I feel is necessary. Mechanics are similar as well.This all being said, this game does have good qualities which is why its getting such good reviews. I'm not disagreeing with them at all but rather want to explain why I found this game to be a poor value for me. I bought a 'game' and got a buggy, laggy, frustrating mess that looks good.The game is beautiful (while the framerate holds) and the details are amazing. Each visitor is unique and behaves and does things interestingly. The building mechanics are amazing and powerful, allowing you to really build anything you can imagine. The steam workshop integration is perfect as well. The devs have been amazing post-launch as well and deserve credit for the content and UI updates they've released so far.To summarize this all, if you enjoy playing games instead of just building stuff, steer clear of this and get Roller Coaster Tycoon 1 2 or 3 instead. They are all far more complex management games but do suffer from the customizability."
,Recommended,493340,26669695,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Redux,This game allows as much freedom as the president elect has promised!
,Recommended,493340,33143501,Posted: 2 July,all,Mikaufoxy,"Remember how in the earlier RollerCoaster Tycoon games we were micro-managing a lot of things, including staff, rides, and park upkeep?This game makes it better.We usually nitpick with micro-management in other games where we feel we're either doing too much of it too little. Planet Coaster is all about that (save for the people in the park), and is a love letter to older RCT games we grew up playing since the 2000s.This is the amusement park building simulator that RCT World (and RCT 4, respectively) should have been. 11/10"
,Recommended,493340,33234240,Posted: 4 July,all,Mas Egie,"Finally! I've been waiting for 11 years!!!Planet Coaster have similar ""aura"" with RCT3, i love it!!(+)- Planet Coaster- Steam Workshop!!(-)- Toilet, shop, and ATM cannot breaking down :'(- Pickpocket/Park security system is quite awkward?Game score: 9/10I think i'll need swimming pool and zoo DLC, maybe next year and year after at 20-25 bucks? HehehheThanks for the fun, Dev!!"
,Recommended,493340,26737333,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,[GWJ]z121,"True love at first fall.  What a game they've put together here.  Every frame of this game drips with care and attention from the devs.  If rollercoaster sim is your thing, look no further for you have arrived.  If it's not your thing, hey, maybe give it a shot anyway."
,Recommended,493340,33050816,Posted: 30 June,all,Jerry,"If you loved Roller Coaster Tycoon back in the day, you'l love this!"
,Recommended,493340,33043699,Posted: 30 June,all,bothamann,"10/10 would Planet Coaster again.Awesome game for ... everyone really, unless coaster park management and endless creative possibilities aren't your thing. As well as an amzing team of developers constantly working to make this game the best it can be with constant HUGE updates, like the recent summer update whic included SO much. This is obviously the best sequel to Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 there could be (Is RCT World even a game? I think not)There is so much creative freedom in Planet Coaster even if you just want to build anything! Noteven a theme park, and if buildings not eaclty your thing then why not browse the steam workshop where the rest of this AWESOME community has got your back.My conclusion: Just buy the damn game."
,Recommended,493340,26667087,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Liroku,"My simple review is that it runs great on my system, it feels like a worthy successor to previous theme park games, a worthwhile purchase, and exceeds all expectations I had of it. Was and is worth every penny of it's asking price."
,Recommended,493340,33084709,Posted: 1 July,all,Paulyypaul,Best Rollercoaster/Theme park game ive played...Been a fan of these types of games since the playing theme park on my commadore 64. This is far the best one ive played. The level of detail you can put in to your park is amazing. The challenge mode is a good way to test yourself and build a good park. I would highly recommend this game. :) :) :)
,Recommended,493340,33141080,Posted: 2 July,all,herman,If your childhood was based on the RCT games:You will enjoy this one.10/10
,Recommended,493340,26961726,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Robin,very good succesor rct2
,Recommended,493340,32916303,Posted: 27 June,all,Frank S.,"My childhood game has never been this wonderful. It gives you full of ideas of your dream park, and it also improves your patience and creativity (in building your park).This game has gorgeous graphic, simple gameplay, and absolutely fantastic music. This also supports Steam Workshop for more assets so that's a huge plus!"
,Recommended,493340,33243501,Posted: 4 July,all,CodeName54,45 dollars for what is essentially and updated and more indepth RCT3.Devs keep updating the game for free which is almost unheard of in this day and age.10/10 boi.
,Recommended,493340,26649828,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MysteriousScaRe,It's the best Rollercoaster simulation game on the market.With workshop support you will see so many awesome things.
76561198033180245,Recommended,493340,33140435,Posted: 2 July,all,sleep night koala,awesome <3 very nice game lots of opportunities in sandbox mode and also a great timekiller
,Recommended,493340,26653035,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Marked One,"If you enjoyed Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, imagine of it got a new gen remake,  graphics and steam workshop included. That's what you get with this amazing game.  It's a very slippery slope to spending hours (days) tediously detailing your park to your every whim. Literally everything in game can be designed and detailed,  all those pictures you see in game were placed there by someone. This game is one of those you start playing,  panic at the almost limitless choices, close the game and then come back in 2 hours and binge play for 30 hours.Please keep in mind if small detailing is not your thing,  that's fine,  the steam workshop integration has hundreds of options by dedicated players and the vanilla content alone has a bunch.  Also be prepared for a ridiculously catchy song to get stuck in your head,  as the main theme of this game is almost entrancing with how good it sounds. The only negative I can think of is the game is a tad easy, but I am not worried about that as it will be updated down the road. It is high priced, but well worth it."
76561198218483660,Recommended,493340,32552755,Posted: 18 June,all,Vottomatic1319,"HEYO,Planet Coaster is one of the best park management games out there. It definately competes with Roller Coaster Tycoon 2 (which I'm am a little biased towards since i grew up playing it), but blows RCT3, and RCTW out of the water! Not only is the managment side of the game great, but the creative side is beautiful, the graphics are top notch, the AI is unbeatable, and the Frontier team's attention to detail is unmatchable, as well as their tendancy to listen to the public and give them what they want if possible! I give this game 10/10 and will enjoy this game for years to come!"
,Recommended,493340,26828086,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NattoSlayer,Iz gud game
,Recommended,493340,26667296,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MountainManGuy,"This game is fantastic!  The music, the graphics, the goofy people that walk around the park.  I love it.  It works flawlessly in 21:9 ultrawide and looks great.  This is a well made pc game that I would recommend to anyone, adults or kids."
76561197999291680,Recommended,493340,26674497,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Entenfahrstuhl,Great game! Love it. Perfect follower to the old Roller Coaster Tycoon games.Game still has a few flaws but i hope they will patch it.Otherwise i can recommend this everytime. 9/10
76561198067808906,Recommended,493340,26646589,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,London,"Best amusement park management simulator to date! Made by the same dev who made RolllerCoaster Tycoon 3. What a great game. This is how it should be done. Take note, all tycoon game developers. This is how you make a tycoon game this generation. Flawless and has limitless possibilities thanks to its piece-by-piece building feature and Steam workshop. It's not just a game. It's a simulation, a tool that gives you ability to design your dream theme park. Another awesome game from Frontier Developements. If you're looking for an AAA quality tycoon game, this one is worth the price."
76561198011115907,Recommended,493340,27387110,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Razor,Awesome game!!!! fun for the whole family.
,Recommended,493340,26682216,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,darkEntity52,"This game is amasing I go the beta and was able to play it a few weeks early, and have had no issues so far. I would reccomend this game in a heart beet."
76561198050916983,Recommended,493340,32882659,Posted: 27 June,all,Uubrman X,Feels like a less clunky version of RCT3. (You can actually place buildings on sloped terrain this time!)
76561198015158223,Recommended,493340,32891444,Posted: 27 June,all,foszae,"It didn't quite excite me the way that the original Roller Coaster Tycoons did, but it is nice to see the genre brought up to modern technology and a clear interfaceWhat makes this a solid recommend though, is that there is constant new content being added without any need to spend more money.  As opposed to say some grand strategy granchise with literally hundreds of dollars of DLC to purchase.  Or some open world game where a company has made half a billion dollars in Shark Cards for their grindy, repetitive MMO.   I've gotten my money's worth out of Planet Coaster just seeing that some company exists who believes in gamer-friendly development.  I'm going to gift someone a copy just to celebrate Frontier for being an ethical company."
,Recommended,493340,32937108,Posted: 28 June,all,Cadexn,Great game!
76561198155556385,Recommended,493340,32909003,Posted: 27 June,all,Jakefett98,"If you like city building/management games with lots of customization, this game is for you!"
76561198096296415,Recommended,493340,32886358,Posted: 27 June,all,Kentkid69 (#RideOnKentuckyKid),"A fun game this is.I haven't spotted many bugs and when you buy this game, you know what you can expect. Everything is worked out pretty good, nice graphics, nice crowd that reacts to the scene, and a user-friendly way of building coasters.Of course, more rides would e even better, but after the recent (free) Summer Patch I am confident that more rides will come every now and then."
,Recommended,493340,32955007,Posted: 28 June,all,RockingMP,"This game, is a game to be experienced. I grew up playing RCT3, exploring scenery options, creating firework shows, and making a perfect vacation place for peeps. Now that love and fire is reborn almost 8 years later. There are really three bullet points that summerize the game in my opinion.Freedom--- With dedication and patience you can really make anything you can dream of. They give you all the tools you need to open your mind any way you can dream. Its always overwhlming to me whn i start a new park with all theese ideas.Updates--- They constatnly are adding to the game, and improving functions. They listen to the community, adding rides, functions, scenery, and my most recent favorite, fireworks. Not only are they adding things, but all these things thus far are free! I wouln't mind paying for some of the additions.Performance--- The game looks so amazing, it really brings your parks, scenery, and feel to life. When you get a really big, and really detailed park, the performance dips a little, the more objects the worse performance will be. For me this can make me frustrated at times, because I want full frames, and can see anything below 60, but at the same time, its all dependant on your PC."
76561198168845818,Recommended,493340,26841764,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,chelectron,"I went into planet coaster blind only hearing a through things from my friends, I bought the game for £29.99 and it was worth it for that price and I love the game its game I can play for hours at a time making no parksI recommed this game to people who like buliding games like Cities Skylines.:)"
,Recommended,493340,27301402,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,keedav,"A lot of care have been put into every aspect of the game. For example, the people here are believable, families walk in groups, teenagers running for their next ride.Also this game has the best terrain editing tool I ever witnessed. Almost like a professional modeling software. You can sculpt the terrain sideways, create arches, and carve tunnels easily.Overall great game, I recommend it to everyone. If you like management I think the career or the challenges are for you. Or try the sandbox if you want to experience the endless possibilities this game offers."
,Recommended,493340,26664919,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,bobdylan401,"I dont write that many reviews but this game is really awesome. The attention to detail is astounding. The terraforming is rediculously awesome. It is one of the most sastisfying games I have ever played. Everything about it is just pure satisfaction.My only gripesNo scenario editor. You can turn campaign maps into challenge modes or sandboxes. But you can't turn sandboxes into challenge modes with limited cash.No vive/Occulus support. I can see why they opted not to do it, as No Limits 2 was the most nausiating experience I ever had on the vive, but I got my VR legs and can now chill in No Limits 2 for hours with no issues. I can't even imagine the level of satisfaction achieved checking out my own park and riding my own coasters in full 3D. Please devs, for the love of god please. Also building coasters in my vive with the wands would make this game my number one most played and favorite game of all time."
76561198009852793,Recommended,493340,29400595,Posted: 21 January,all,Sparhawk,"this is a amazing game and i love it to bits.if you havent played rct3 its a game about spending and saving money to make a huge theme park (though i only use it to build coasters) its still a great game and frontier have denfinatly given this game some thought.PROSgreat quality for the priceamazing graphicsyou can advertise your parkand their are alot more coasters.and their is steam workshop so you dont have to spend hours making a rollercoasterCONSi would like to have fencing so i can put it around certain objects and coasters to make it more realistic.would like to see some more flat rides like a top star.or to bring back some of the rides from rct3.paths.if you have not yet played the game make sure you are ready to spend time on making the path go where you want to go.and just to finish the game gives you alot more creative freedom. like designing buildings,or in my case case spent 2 hours desiging a toilet.overall great game and would recomend it to all."
,Recommended,493340,26969032,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Freezy,"Really loving this game, it brings so much memory's back from the time i played rct3.If u have not bought it yet, u should!"
,Recommended,493340,26645880,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Teun2408,"I have been playing the beta for a week now, it has been great, especially the coaster building :)"
,Recommended,493340,27276471,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Griffior,It's like if Roller Coaster Tycoon World was good.
,Recommended,493340,26646104,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Torasko,"Temporary upvote, just becaus it's an awesome game. Will write a better review later! :D"
,Recommended,493340,27404936,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Penerbang,"Too many ideas, not enough time. A fantastic game for the whole family. 8/8"
,Recommended,493340,26857885,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JT,The game replaces RCT in the same way CIties replaced SimCity
,Recommended,493340,26699335,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,MasterBlaster,"A truly captivating game in which one can easily lose yourself for hours and hours at a time...  For example, last night I was playing a challenge park and spontaneously decided to add some foliage here and there to spruce things up.  (Pun intended.)Next thing I realise it's 3am and I've spend the best part of 5 hours laying paths and planting virtual bushes.  This game's ability to transfix and transport you into another world is surprising.   (Especially for an old sod like me who started PC gaming with Civ 25 years ago.)I'm only 10 hours into the game (a mere 24 hours or so after purchasing) and it's still very much ‘early days’.  The user interface is already slick, and whilse it's taking some time to grasp the finer elements of theme park management, I'm hoping to see further enhancements from both Frontier and new content from the modding community.Fingers crossed this will be played and supported for many years to come; a mere 2-3 days after release this game is already a solid favourite.Bravo Frontier!  :doffs cap:"
,Recommended,493340,26760666,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pourquoi,"Planet Coaster brings nostalgia towards not just me but to probably every gamer who has played any Rollercoaster Tycoon titles. I was hesistant towards what the price of the game and how it may be the exact gimmick as Rollercoaster.Played it and immediately I fell in love with the game. The graphics are extraordinary and beautiful, the variety of gamemodes which are enjoyable especially Sandbox where you have an unlimited budget where you can takeover and create YOUR dream carnival/theme park. I fell in love with the choice of being able to choose your own music to add to each individual ride for its choice of music instead of using the default music tracks.When you open the game for the first time, the music is so vivid and joyful which makes me want to just leave the menu screen open forever. :)One con however is the laptop/PC you're using. It requires a very powerful PC to handle this game especially with its recommended GTX 980 alongside the 12GB RAM.Overall I am super pleased with the purchase and its gameplay. I've immediately fell back into the Rollercoaster Tycoon life again and it has definitely brought back the memories! NOMINATE THIS GAME!"
76561198162259023,Recommended,493340,26671499,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Painwheel (G.E.W.P),"Sooo much better then RCTW. Amazing graphics, great variety of rides and coaster styles. This is by far the best theme park building game I've played. It runs soo smooth and loads quickly meanwhile RCTW lags and loads very slowly. Keep up the great work Frontier!"
,Recommended,493340,33207991,Posted: 3 July,all,Leonin,"Rollercoaster Tycoon esque game but modern,   The limit is endless between the create mode,  designing your own rides,  the workshop mode,   all the free updates with past/current holidays etc.    If you crave to player rollercoaster tycoon now and again like I do, Planet Coaster will fix that for you.  Runs superbly,  there a few things that get rather annoying like trying to path rides and stuff,   Hopefully that gets fixed with a new update."
,Recommended,493340,26735424,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Meelobee™,"I'm in 47 hours  and still feel like I just scratched the surface a tiny bit. There could be a bit more 'parts'  to build and decorate with, but I'm sure that will be sorted with some DLC somewhere down the line. More Themes would be welcome too.Anyway, if you're looking for the next RTC game, get this and you won't be dissapointed! Tripple A must have game!FRONTIER READ THIS: Please add cages and animals, so we can have a new sort of Zoo/Themepark mix (aka a new Zoo Tycoon.)  I know you've already registered 'Planet Safari' so I hope this isn't actually too far off...:D"
,Recommended,493340,26651990,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,macto,"If you want the hours to just disappear, this game will do that. It's amazingly well thought out and the community involvement is excellent. During beta I was just toying and learning with the sandbox mode. Now the game is in full release I have ventured into the career mode - a really good learning platform tasking you with challenges that teaches you how to create a successful theme park.There's certain games I play depending on my mood, when I'm bored of racing and shooting - I often turn to a 'chill out game' such as Cities Skylines, Farming Simulator etc. This is easily my new all time favourite chill out game and if you like to be creative, there is no better game!"
76561198065196753,Recommended,493340,27010254,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OctoberAle,This game brings back all the fun memories of Roller Coaster Tycoon with a huge graphical upgrade.  You have to get this game if you're the creative type.  A+
,Recommended,493340,27509213,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rain,"By far the best in it's genre.For now it's a more polished RCT3 with more building blocks for custom decours and stuff but I'm sure after patches and the super creative users upload their stuff on the Workshop it's going to be way better.The only issue with the game is Denuvo, and it's a pretty big one but still worth it to reward the developers with a full-price purchase."
,Recommended,493340,27988412,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,JLF | Decade.TF,"Score 7.5/10Pros- Awesome Game- Track builder- Big community Workshop- The peeps make you smile- Roller Coaster Tycoon Nostalgic- 29 Coaster Types- Great Campaign- Create anything in the game- Better then RCT WorldCon's- Game can be broken.- Game will crash at random points so safe commonly- If the game crashes alot, It's makes the game Suck, and half the time it crashes it will kill steam- Requiers good pc's Specs to run- The path tool- Coaster builder has small glitches but can be improved"
,Recommended,493340,28990852,Posted: 3 January,all,Vandefu,"This is the game I have been waiting for since Roller Coaster Tycoon 2. It has a great interface, campaign modes, and is just a blast to play!"
76561198057661393,Recommended,493340,29380162,Posted: 20 January,all,PAZZION,"This game is much better than I expected, great game!"
76561198125936672,Recommended,493340,29431196,Posted: 22 January,all,NobleDylan,its fun
,Recommended,493340,31123963,Posted: 13 April,all,technick,"This game as many similiarities to the original roller coaster tycoon series. It sets itself apart with many features, like being able to type in prices for items / tickets. In the original tycoon series, all you had was stupid up and down buttons. The graphics are amazing."
76561198074853815,Recommended,493340,26664714,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TrentykinZ,"WOW, this has to  be the most amazing builder i`ve played, truly remarkable what they have done."
76561198020178669,Recommended,493340,26665253,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,jnjdun,"This game is so much fun.  The level of customization is amazing.  Some very talented people are adding wonderful creations to the workshop.  I can see myself being entertained by this for a very long time.I've only played in sandbox mode, so I can't comment on the actual money management part of it yet."
,Recommended,493340,26670094,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,just2jiG,This game is everything i remember from my childhood playing RCT2 and more.I love it.
76561198168173486,Recommended,493340,26671994,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,zachattack971,As we find out again when the main series takes an overwhelming failure someone else will fix it and take over. Atari ruined the Roller Coaster Tycoon series with RCTW. Atari does not care about its people or its games and it shows big time. Planet Coaster....Awesomeness and happiness! This games is so worth it and so much better than RCTW. Frontier the true devlopers of the previous series actually made a true sequel to RCT3 that is full of fun and excitment and I wished I had bought it during the summer to play the BETA. I actually only bought this game earlier today only because I wasted it on RCTW hoping that Thursday would somehow prove me wrong. It did not and I can never forgive Atari for ruining my childhood and a great series. Long Live Planet Coaster and let Atari burn in hell!!! Buy this game.
76561198023494181,Recommended,493340,26688201,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,marcel.kade,"I absolutely love this game! It's so addictive. The graphics look amazing. There's no lagging or stuttering even when there are hundreds of people walking around in my park. A nice feature is the creation of custom buildings with all sorts of walls, roofs and scenery objects. Path creation is sometimes a little tricky and can be frustrating if it doesn't fit the way you want it. One thing I hope is that there will be more service building types.All in all I recommend this game. It's the best roller coaster game on the market!"
76561198023798220,Recommended,493340,26715425,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,reeses4brkfst,"You will not regret buying this game. Very vaild price point, very fun. It's THE theme-park sim to own and as another user put it ""it does for roller coaster tycoon what city skylines did for sim city"".Also, be sure to check the settings out. You can scale up the UI in case you're like me and have a 21:9 2-4k monitor!!! Having 21:9 support alone is a deal maker (which more games should have)."
76561198011816905,Recommended,493340,26719244,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Jacko,Simply put. WOW! what a game.If you have been waiting for a sequal to roller coaster tychoon then this it but better!This game is so adaptable for people that just want a casual game to a full indepth experience.If you liked roller coaster tychoon then this game is a must!
76561198345731490,Recommended,493340,26739425,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,henjibenji,"Fantastic game!The only bad thing about this game, is that the hours fly away when you play it.The sandbox mode is superb.if you like the roller coaster tycoon series, but this!"
,Recommended,493340,26739707,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Jaradacl,"Incredibly addictive and detailed, visually appealing theme park sim that lets you create the theme park of your dreams."
76561198038954467,Recommended,493340,27006812,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eric the Eel,"Almost every good thing this game has comes with a downside in my experience. Some are really quite small, others can be real deal breakers. I will recommend the game as I personally enjoyed the game as an overall experience, but I will break down the major up-/downsides.TL;DR at the bottomUpside:I think the strongest point of the game is the aesthetic theming of the parks. The game comes with a few basic themes; Pirates, Magical Kingdom, Wild West, Sci-Fi and Generic theme park. You have a fair amount of props and building blocks from all these categories and you can place them in almost any way you want anywhere on the map.Downside:I think there are a few themes missing, where is the prehistoric theme for example? Or why is there no movies/cartoons theme as so many real world parks are based on those? If I had to guess I’d say they will probably be selling additional themes as DLC, meaning if you don’t like the base themes you might have to pay more in the future for additional stuff. Also even though the amount of props is huge and they are extremely high quality I feel that even in the basic themes some things are missing. For example there are no native American props at all in the western theme, this might sound small but when you start making a wild west theme park it becomes pretty clear quite fast.Upside:The rides customization is certainly rather large, often you will be able to change the colour scheme and music at the very least and sometimes even more things. The  rides also allow you to change things that might seem minor at first but can be meaningful in the big picture, like being able to change what way people get off a monorail, it seems small until you make a big floating station that needs them to enter and exit on a specific point.Downside:The actual rides themselves are very lacking when it comes to theming. Almost everything is just in a generic modern theme, you can make the most elaborate western town, but then be stuck with only mine cart rollercoasters and classic trains as the only thematically fitting rides. This might problem might be solvable if certain rides just got more options for customization, or if they allowed you to place props in and on the rides. But you cant making them often stand out of place.Upside:If you liked rollercoaster tycoon 3 and wanted more of it then this is the game for you, it does just about everything RCT3 did, but better.Downside:It however, doesn’t do anything new. It ads very little own value to the genre. Think of the game as an amazing cheese burger. It might be one of the best meals you have had all year, and if you have been craving cheese burgers for the past while this will certainly do the trick. But it doesn’t do anything more than that. It doesn’t innovate it doesn’t build on its predecessors, it remakes them and calls it  a day.Upside:The UI certainly looks very slick, it has a very modern vibe to it and you can clearly see that they tried to make RCT3 in the year 2016. The options in general are very divers, you can for example bind a key to “free” camera so you can switch at will and don’t have to constantly mess around in the settings.Downside:As good as it does some things I think the UI is the biggest weakness. A HUGE problem which I can see being a deal breaker for some people is the fact that building nice straight parks on a grid like in RCT1, 2 and to some degree even 3 is nearly impossible. There is no grid to speak of, you can make paths snap to angles of 90 degrees, but they will still be build in free form mode. Rides don’t snap to paths either so you have to just roughly place them somewhere nearby and then make the paths snap in what the game thinks is the right place. It tries very hard to make something that looks nice and curvy and subtle, but it often glitches out too and makes you pull out your hair in frustration. Rollercoaster building is almost exactly the same, it uses this “slick” and “minimalist” approach of just giving you sliders _on the coaster itself as you build it_ . Meaning that you will often struggle to make things line up right/ impossible to see what you are doing if a lot of scaffolding is involved. If it wasn’t for the auto-complete option I think it would be borderline impossible to actually finish rollercoasters. There are many more small things that bug me over time, for example, the management menu is a sort of “pop up” but you can’t move it or do anything behind it while you look at it. So if you open it up to give all your employees a raise you have to click one person, then the menu closes and you can give them a raise. Then open the menu again, go to the next employee, the menu closes and you can interact with them etc.Mixed:Management is nearly nonexistent in this game.THIS IS A MANAGEMENT GAME IN THE MOST BAREBONES WAY POSSIBLE.I think this is extremely important to realize. If you are someone who loves using clever tactics and maybe even actual economics to figure out what the best way to run a park is, don’t bother with this game unless you also love the other stuff. It takes about 20 minutes to set up a park that will never earn under 3k a month and will only earn more as you expand it. Why do I list this as mixed though? Well some people like this system, you get to basically do whatever you want in the game, and the “career” mode is more like playing a partially premade park. I personally feel like having a “hard mode” with maybe more challenges  wouldn’t hurt the game but its not a present feature unfortunately.So should you buy the game? I’d say if the pros I gave outweigh the cons and you have the cash to spare, go for it! However, I’m willing to bet that you could probably get yourself a better deal the longer you wait. Not just that the devs have been listening to the community a lot and even adding some small things here and there for free, so if you play it in a few weeks/months from now the game might actually be even more fleshed out.TL;DR: a game that is basically a 2016 remake of Rollercoaster Tycoon 3. It doesn’t do anything too innovative but the customization is even bigger than in RCT3. A bit lacking in themes and rides but it has a huge amount of diverse scenery/props. I feel DLC might be coming soon, so take that however you will. The game is a joke when it comes to the actual park management. The UI is sometimes overly slick to a degree where it can hurt the gaming experience, but I feel it’s needed to create some of the other aesthetic options in the game. An overall solid game if you have been craving theme park building"
,Recommended,493340,27088965,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,no,this is a fun game
,Recommended,493340,27218244,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MF | DohItAgain,"There's little to say about this game.It's the Roller Coaster Tycoon-esque game I've been waiting my entire life for.  If you liked RCT1/2 and found RCT3 disappointing, this game can show you what the genre is capable of."
76561198005475689,Recommended,493340,27218339,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nodwrath,It's a really game that will keep you glued for hours.
76561198058826005,Recommended,493340,27226969,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Derinq,"I was missing the RCT series a lot (the amount of hours I spent playing especially the first two of the series goes way beyond anything I ever played) and I was excited to hear that some titles were in the works. When Planet Coaster came out I was afraid to buy the game, I didn't want to be disappointed, but it was sitting in the back of my head so I though - let's give it a try.I did and I don't regret the purchase.I had loads of fun in the time I played. Even though I was a bit apprehensive after reading negative comments about the managment part - the game delivers and does it nicely. I am trying to wrap my head around some career scenarios and I wouldn't call the game too easy, especially for someone who hasn't played any management games in a while :)The creation and design part is really cool, it's easy to forget that you're running a park when you start to build something :DI am only waiting for more scenery themes - but I'm pretty sure the devs will add some DLC's at some pointin the future ;) Or at least I hope so!"
,Recommended,493340,27439670,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CCoasty,"Its so RCT, but .. better! What more can I say, if you loved Rollercoaster Tycoon, you will love Planet coaster .. its RCT on steroids."
,Recommended,493340,27444154,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SummerForce,"I grew up playing Roller Coaster Tycoon and I've been waiting for a successor for a while.I can say with great confidense that this is exactly that. The level of customization is great and exactly what I was hoping for and with the introduction of the new ""Harder"" difficulty in Challenge mode, this game is very fun and amazing to play!"
,Recommended,493340,27741406,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Reinate,"Made a ride, got to ride it and then watched park goers puke.10/10 would puke again."
,Recommended,493340,27789270,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xeek,If you liked RTC1-3 you will love this
,Recommended,493340,27796791,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MrJustastic,This game improves vastly on everything previously in the genre. Only a short time out and I'm having a blast just exploring the incredbile amount of stuff that has been crammed into this game. The customisation is off the charts!A huge time eater!
76561197993267136,Recommended,493340,27910639,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Brucinius,"When I was in my teens with my C-64 I bought an Activision Game Developer software title, in the hopes of building some mini-putt golf courses. Whatever I built, however, failed to live up to what my imagination envisioned. Thank you, Frontier Devs, for making Planet Coaster, which gives me the incredible tools to not only have my imaginations appear on screen, but finally experience the joy of those creations!"
,Recommended,493340,27924782,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SirPootis,"This game is what RollerCoaster Tycoon World should have been.Planet Coaster is far superior to RollerCoaster Tycoon World in the sense that you have a lot more freedom with basically everything: Building coasters, designing buildings for coaster stations and shops, terraforming the landscape, adding scenery, etc. etc. The game runsreallysmoothly at launch, and looks phenomenal graphics-wise. The HUD is very clean and not very obtrusive at all (unlike RCT:W). If you are looking for inspiration (or are too lazy to actually build something :P), Planet Coaster has Steam Workshop integration allowing you to easily download other players' coasters, buildings, parks, or share your own.Beginners to 'Theme Park Tycoon' type games will have to take at least some time to figure out just how much you can do (and trust me, there is alotyou can do), but once you figure out the basics, you will have nothing but your imagination limiting you.This game is amazing, and I easily,easilyrecommend you spend your money on this rather than RCT:W."
76561197966379848,Recommended,493340,27941460,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,-=DF=- Tabasco,"Day 11.. Sun came up again.. time for work I guess, first let me finish this lovely pond...  Sun goes down again..THIS IS IN REAL LIFE NOT INGAME!!!"
,Recommended,493340,28110693,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Flandre,"Very fun and enjoyable park/coaster creator, building on what Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 had left off. Although you'll need a lot of time and creativity to get into this game. There is still park management as well, and some people find it easy, others find it difficult, and I happen to be one of them. There's definitely a challenge here. Visually, it's one of them ore stunning games I've ever seen up to this date. There is little details every single part of your park, every corner, and not to mention you can build upon detail as well yourself even. You will, however, need a monster computer to run this game, and even on monster computers, this is rather very intensive, It definitely needs some optimization work. Still, to think this is the very same engine that runs Frontier's 1;1 galaxy simulated Elite: Dangerous is pretty darn impressive. My only hope is that more content is added into this game, as in, more rides, more building parts, scenery, because I want more themes, more variety, and more life. I was a pretty young♥♥♥♥♥♥when I first played the RCT series. This brings both memories and nostalgia."
,Recommended,493340,28173542,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,MaxyRogers,It is a great game but really frustrating. You should wait on getting it as it crashes every few minutes making it almost unplayable. It is super fun but this needs to be fixed
,Recommended,493340,28233756,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Murk,"If you ever enjoyed playing games like Roller Coaster Tycoon or Theme Park, or any old Sims game. I would highly recommend playing Planet Coaster. The game features robust building tools that are easy to learn allowing the player to jump in and start getting creative, the game also includes Steam Workshop support to be able to download other players creations."
,Recommended,493340,28247117,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,fintendamian,Hope they add expansion pack like RCT 3 platinum expansion
,Recommended,493340,28346613,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Detherion,I can only bow down to the engenuity of the makers of this game. They created something truely beautiful. A dream come true. Thank you!
,Recommended,493340,28456170,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Harrison Saab,Best theme park simulator to date! Don't even think about purchasing the new RollerCoaster Tycoon: World. This is how that game was meant to be!
,Recommended,493340,28582862,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SomeKindaStoner,"Pros - Challenges, curving walkways, better coaster designs, graphics, coaster lines are realistic, lots to do, kept a lot of the same elements from RCT3 (Which I love), much better placement of buildings and decorations, and much, much more.Cons - I am still learning the controls but I will get there, Nothing as of yet, besides crashing.  It crashed three times today, and I just bought it TODAY!  Maybe I will update my review when I learn more and put more hours in.I highly recommend this game if you were a fan of RCT3 or a fan of Coaster Simulation games period!  Must have game!  I bought it on the Winter sale for 15% off.  But, I eventually would have paid full price, because it is totally worth it to me."
76561198024730123,Recommended,493340,28622816,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Shuzzam,Better than Roller Coaster Tycoon World anyday of the week. Why? ITS THE ORIGINAL DEVELOPERS
76561197996623241,Recommended,493340,28652190,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,admiraljonjon,"This is the theme park simulator you have been waiting for.  This game sucks me in for hours at a time.  If you are debating between this and RCTW, I would highly recomend this one having played both."
,Recommended,493340,28801628,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Totino Boy,If you want a FULLY customizable Amusement Park Builder with great mechanics and tons of freedom to build than buy this game RIGHT NOW.
,Recommended,493340,28810049,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,JermzTM,"I didn't have many expectations for this game. The fact that I acutally paid $38.24 for this showed that I was really investing in this game. But I guarentee you, knowing what I know now, I would happily pay full price if it wasn't on sale. This game is fantastic. Money management. Employee management. Coaster rides, food, drinks, admission fees, etc. management, and I've still barely scratched the surface of this game. This game has everything you need to control your own theme park. i would absolutley recommend this game, even if you don't like amusement parks. If you like any of the things I've mentioned here, this game is for you."
,Recommended,493340,28842231,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nicolus,This took like forever to make perfect circle
,Recommended,493340,29013931,Posted: 4 January,all,tomtaymccoll,Amazing game with amazing graphics
,Recommended,493340,29347023,Posted: 18 January,all,qwer_tz,Made a 40G rollercoaster. 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,493340,29926710,Posted: 14 February,all,Sirells007 Csgo-Coins.com,Really good game. Definitely recommend ;)
,Recommended,493340,30293265,Posted: 3 March,all,GhoulYourAss,<3
,Recommended,493340,26649028,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ice cream,Build stuff. Then build more stuff. Then add more trees and lights and then bam. I just spent over 3 hours building the enterence for my park.10/10 I haven't even built a ride or shop yet.
76561198079300037,Recommended,493340,26649617,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,giggityiggity,"You're looking at this game because you like sandbox games or have played Rollercoaster Tycoon, Theme Park, Zoo Tycoon, or some other park management game you loved back in the day.You have a modern gaming PC and want to know what's better; Rollercoaster Tycoon World, Planet Coaster, or Parkitect.Parkitect is a great game.  It's about as close to Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 and 2 as you're going to get in a modern game.   It is, however, greatly limited by the Unity Engine.  Once you get a lot of guests and build lots of coasters/rides, the FPS craps out to about 15-20 if you're lucky.  Rather unfortunate as the game has all the makings to be superb.Rollercoaster Tycoon World has ""mostly negative"" reviews on its Steam store page.  Why would you ever consider buying a game that has mostly negative reviews?  I own some games that have mixed reviews that I think are great games (Street Fighter V comes to mind), but mostly negative?  Why bother?  You're only proving that you don't mind opening your wallet to trash.Then there's this game.  It's absolutely amazing!  It scratches every itch I've had from Rollercoaster Tycoon 2 and then some.  Could it have more features?  Of course.  But is it the best tech I've used in a sandbox game and will it redefine the standards we have for this genre?  It most definitely does and most likely will!Oh, and Frontier actually listens to its community and seems to care for the most part; plenty of updates that added significant improvements in just the week leading up to release was met with resounding enthusiasm from the community.(As a frame of reference, I have a pretty decent PC - 1070FTW, i7-4790k - and I game at 16:9, 1440p, 144hz.  I only dip to about 55fps in certain situations... normally I run over 60-80fps, and 90+fps in some areas.Ambient Occlusion - Medium, Multisample Quality - Off, Global Illumination - Off, Dynamic Map - Off, Screen Space Reflection - Off, Depth of Field - Off.  Everything else is either High, Very High, or Ultra depending on how high the setting goes.  I highly recommend these settings if you're running a similar rig.)"
,Recommended,493340,26650003,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Butt Slut 69,"Ive played a lot of RollerCoaster Tycoon over the years, and i have to say this game is about 10x better in my opinon.20 hours in, and Im still loving it and wanting to play when im offline.The only thing is i wish there were more bushes and flowers. </3"
76561198219149232,Recommended,493340,26665239,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Common White Boy,Beautifully designed sound and graphics with some solid gameplay. Probably the best tycoon game I have ever played!
76561198184495625,Recommended,493340,26669609,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,loris.sauter,"Absolutelty great game.A MUST for all rollercoaster (tycoon) fans. The management is not too easy and building coasters is so intuitive designed, as if you'd have designed coasters for all day long. For the more creative ones: You can customize your park like there's no tomorrow.Such a superb game, I like to call it PERFECT.Thank you Frontier!"
,Recommended,493340,26669662,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,KrewD.MoMo,Very very very very very happy with how the game turned out. Made me enjoy the good old days of RCT3 and this is a big improvement! I can even run this game on a 550ti on low settings and still isn't that much of a struggle although I will upgrade my card sometime soon. Highly recommended buy!!
76561198021778938,Recommended,493340,26669776,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,simba2585,Simply Brilliant!
,Recommended,493340,26675343,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,vbalbio,This is the most beatiful and funny tycoon game i have played.
76561198052892219,Recommended,493340,26679485,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Speedgoergo,This game has such a fun vibe and it brings back the good ol' days of my childhood when I would spend hours making coasters on Roller Coaster Tycoon...Roller Coaster Tycoon World?! What's that?!
76561198045572892,Recommended,493340,26679624,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Ark_Denum,"This game is Perfect!!!!As a fan of the original Roller Coaster Tycoon games, Planet Coaster feels incredibly famliar to play yet features an impressive overhaul in terms of flexibility and letting you have more creative freedom.Gone are the days of rigid grids and with that everything has a much more natural and organic feel to it. Placing paths, or tracks feels natural and intuitive and along with new landscaping posibilites the varitity of what you can create is amazing. Along with a beautiful engine that lets you run in Ultra at 60fps with a GTX970 this game is perfect for PC.TL;DR If you liked previous Roller Coaster games, you will love Planet Coaster making it a wonderful addition to your steam library."
,Recommended,493340,26681837,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,nini,This game pisses me off...
,Recommended,493340,26682597,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,MadMikeGamerXL1,"BETA REVIEWSince reviews weren't allowed during beta, I kept what I would have posted, and am adding it as the start of the ""official"" review, so you can see how it's changed.I love this game so far. I've spent over 8 hours just perfecting one rollercoaster because of the Nausea rating (yes I'm bad at the game), but I genuinely enjoyed that 8 hours worth of perfecting.Adding your own music to the game in the Documents folder is an amazing bonus, and I'm so glad they did it.As for performance, the game runs very smoothly for me, although it's an unfair test with my i7-6700k and GTX 980, but that's beside the point. There's a few bugs with the Paths feature, causing it to drop to unbearable FPS, but I only encountered that after playing for 7+ hours without rebooting etc. After playing the Alpha weekend, I can safely say this has been improved exceptionally (the game used to drop to 8 FPS, even just opening the Paths menu).I'll update this review as the Beta is updated, as well as when the official public release is available.For now, I definitely recommend it.RELEASEThe lag with the paths seems a lot better. The only times I drop frames is when trying to place things where they shouldn't be. For example, one thing you shouldNOTdo is fetch yourself a toilet Blueprint, and attempt to place it on a 70-80 minute worth of a queue. See, all these entities of people, well, they don't like toilets being plonked on top of them. But seriously though, other than that, it runs beautifully.GameplayThe game runs exactly as I'd hoped, if not better. I'd never played the original Rollercoaster Tycoon games, butPlanet Coasterdefinitely feels right. Placing tracks down feels intuitive, and I didn't need to read the tips, or watch YouTube videos, to learn how to create some nice looking track. And if it doesn't look great, use theSmooth Alltool.Getting the Nausea rating down, while excitement up, is not easy - but that's half the fun! There's no real guide to it in-game, though I can place money on there being a Guide on Steam - and if not, it probably won't be long until there is!BonusesI bought the Thrillseeker Edition, meaning I got Beta access, but also a few extras. One of these was a Digital Sketchbook, which I couldn't find on the PC. Turns out it wasn't available during the beta, even though Steam had the DLC ticked and said ""installed"", which kinda let me down, but that's not their fault. The Sketchbook is a pretty big file size, containing around 93 pages worth of sketches and concept art - definitely worth a flick or two through!It also came with the official soundtrack albumYou, Me & Gravity, which is also a pretty big file size. The game altogether is around 5.8GB - the soundtrack and sketchbook taking up just under 1GB of this. However, the album contains 16 songs in two formats, and the official album artwork which is a nice surprise.The other night, I was sat playing and thought to myself ""This isn't as addicting as I thought, that's a surprise!"", but then I looked at the clock. It was almost 3am. Yeah, it's addictive, without seeming it at first.Do I recommend it after official Release? HELL YEAH! The game is amazing, plays amazing, looks amazing, and is better than I expected.9.5/10To become a 10/10, I definitely recommend adding a few new water rides, though I have full belief they will at a later date. I can't wait to see what DLC content will be added, too!"
76561198034922224,Recommended,493340,26683380,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,sensationality,"The gameplay is really good, much like the old Roller coaster tycoons, with new features, updated graphics, etc. Very fun game, enjoyed everything so far.Only downside is that there are not a lot of Career ""scenerios"" . I've finished a quarter of them in just over 3 hours of play time."
,Recommended,493340,26687621,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,◄MAXIMUM PMA►,Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 but a million times better.   Exceeded expectations by far.
,Recommended,493340,26687659,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mycu,Best Roller Coaster game. Period.
,Recommended,493340,26689234,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,HG Plays,Its just everything you want - and then even more!
,Recommended,493340,26694035,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Potato,"Well...Guests:I like the way they design the guests, there are individual, group, family with children. They feel 'alive', and cheerful, not some bleak human shaped polygon with some outdated animation.Graphics:It's quite exquisite, i'm amazed with it.Performance:well i got i5 haswell, gtx 1060 6gb and 8 gb ddr 3 ram, when they reach 2k+ guest with bunch of rides, coaster and object, i got 15-35 fps, but mostly got 25 fps, so given this game's genre is not a fast paced shooting, no problem at all. It runs better actually than previous installment (RCT 3).I see on the forum so many people are disappointed with performance, but let me say this, the game is not graphic intensive, it's cpu intensive. I think the game require high computation on physics, generating complex behaviour of guest (waypoint, mood, ect), financial calculation and so on. So yeah many simulation game has this kind of problem.Path:Actually i prefer old style path builder like on rct 3 (i know it's the matter of preferences), but preset path builder is not so bad too, i'm just not get used to it yet. But there is room for improvement.1. We can't build underground path instantly (again like rct3), the way i know is build the path first, then costumize the terrain (raise it) so it looks like underground path.2. The problem with path size, if we want larger path we can't just replace it, we have to remove it first, so it quite pain in the bottom. You can't widen the path by adding path by its side (like rct3). I don't know, is it because i don't explore the game enough or it just the way it is.Other than that path system is ok.Management:It's doesn't have complex deep management system. It's very simple, so it's matter of preference whether you like it because it's simple, or you dislike it because it's too simple. But i guess they need to add little bit more complexity on management. But if they don't, it's ok because the game is closer to sandbox game rather than management game.Content:So, with its weakness on management, we should more focus on content. so my opinion... We Need More Content, it doesn't have enough content, hopefully they add more content, rides, coasters, shops, and sceneries.Scenery building:Well it's great, you can build beautiful scenery with your imagination, great posibility of costumization.Sooo, it's good park theme game, proper successor of RCT 3, you can build beautiful park with huge posibilty of costumization, there's some cons but in general it's worth it."
76561198121396462,Recommended,493340,26700615,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,olesien,"I am going to be honest here..It's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥amazing!I could play this all day long :)Like to create? Feel free to do that in Sandbox modeLike to fix the economics and create some? Go Challenge mode (some has said that it is too easy, but I don't think so tbh)Want as good possible graphics considering what an averge gaming computer can manage? This game has good graphics.Another thing that I love about this game is the nature changer (can't remember the exact name)It literally feels so smooth and well made with the shadows and everything.Although there are many great things, there are also some bad things/bugs..You think that making unique things like making coasters go throw tunnels etc will attract a lot of people? Then you are wrong... They will go like ""oh. Dafaq is this cool thing? Let's get the **** outa here""..This second thing is more like my own opinion, but I feel like there are a bit too few themes (for buildings etc), I only notice this since everything else about this game is great xDAlso.. It would be nice with more space for the coasters?Overall, great game.Rating: 9 / 10  or  92 / 100Note: I have not played this game for that long, so I have still not seen all of the amazing experiences this game has to give me."
76561198037224895,Recommended,493340,26717225,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,AfroBruh,highly recommend
,Recommended,493340,26717548,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,AtlasBlu45,"I've had a great experience so far creating my very own theme park! Building shops and coasters is time consuming but it's also tons of fun for people who enjoy taking their creative process to totally different level! Amazing scenery and atmosphere creates an enjoyable experience for both the creator and the guests! Loving it! ;)- Beautiful graphics- Great in-depth building system- Creative use of scenery/building objects- Amazingly fun rollercoaster experience- Great guest animations- ... and more!Honestly, I could keep going but I think that the best way to experience a game is to try it yourself. Just make sure to know what you're getting in to when buying.Recommended."
,Recommended,493340,26732263,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,dedxb,">>Open Planet Coaster>>Build for 4 hrs>>Oh god, I've only made a shopfront>>Reassess life goals>>Keep playing Planet Coaster"
,Recommended,493340,26737754,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Kwik-E-Mart,"This game is outstanding. It's fun. It's challenging. And, it improves in every way on the RolleroCoaster Tycoon franchise it builds on without loosing any of the magic.The graphics are smooth and I have it running on 2 different rigs:Medium settings on my AMD 6-core with a GeForce 650 Ti Boost.High settings on my i7 4770K with a GeForce 970.If you don't know, this is the true successor to the previous RollerCoaster Tycoons as it was made by Frontier. I'm sure you've heard it before, but DO NOT GET RCT World because it's crap. This is the real coaster game."
76561198001437659,Recommended,493340,26738780,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,BroZz,Everything I wanted it to be. Excellent game.
,Recommended,493340,26742039,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,GryphonRB,"This game is pretty amazing, it allows for hours of non-stop creativity. You can spend thirty minutes designing a gorgeous food court or even a scenic view to a rollercoaster.The interface, music and textures make for a truly simplistic experience. I was worried that the coaster design system would be hard to use but it's extremely user friendly!Planet Coaster is the way to go, I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,493340,27004195,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Life Gives You Lemons,"Fairly fleshed out gameplay, beautiful graphics and decent simulation aspects.. this game is a must buy on-sale for anyone who is into building/simulation/management type of games."
,Recommended,493340,27014229,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,the tendies who has no name,"This is the true kind of sandbox game that you should get if you really love customising structures/props and decorating landscapes. The game its able to suck you in with constructing your park and managing it. The visuals? B E A U T I F U L. They did a great job in capturing the essences on realism and stylising it. Although the game could improve on its gameplay complexity and mechanics, its good as it currently is."
76561198053929942,Recommended,493340,27031010,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ivorycry,"I wasted two hours building a small dam, help."
,Recommended,493340,27044365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Melon,"Fantastic customisation options for theme park layout, player-made buildings, scenery and rollercoasters. Creating custom coasters is the main attraction to the game for me with an excellent variety of editable prefabricated loops, rolls and turns. I do however wish that the stats and ratings were not so strict to deter the AI park attendees from going on more thrilling rides at the cost of nausea, which inhibits creativity in making more arcadey and unrealistic coasters. Strategic management aspects of the theme park simulation are quite mild after a short while in challenge and career modes. The challenge mode in particular provides little difficulty as there are no special events or disasters that can occur and is more like a sandbox mode on a budget. The career mode offers twelve scenarios, with the first few scenarios acting more as a pseudo practical tutorial rather than a particular challenge with restraints. The game does not offer an ingame tutorial (but rather links you to three YouTube videos) so trial & error methods is the likely method to learn the game outside of looking at YouTube videos or browsing forums. Despite its flaws, it is one of the best tycoon/simulation games I've played and I hope to see updates to freshen up the more lacking aspects of the game and invigorate the customisation options available even further."
,Recommended,493340,27058379,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,iDab,"Finished the 12 scenarios in 49 hours.Great game, can't wait to begin my theme park in sandbox.Bless up and buy this game."
,Recommended,493340,27092541,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Oxie,"Planet Coaster is possibly the best Rollercoaster tycoon/simulator I have played in a good while. There are so many possibilities with this game, I get lost in it for hours and hours!The only thing that it seems to be lacking right now is rides, there are plenty of coasters to build but there seems to only be a select few stock rides which is a little disappointing but I'm sure that will be updated regulary as time goes on.If you loved games like Rollercoaster Tycoon 3, this is certainly worth every single penny! So much fun."
76561197989642165,Recommended,493340,27180253,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,XelNecra,"Did you like Roller Coaster Tycoon 3?This is what a worthy successor to that game looks like, and it is brilliant."
,Recommended,493340,27216060,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheAwkwardDog,"The spiritual successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, such a great game that makes it so easy to build whatever you can come up with."
,Recommended,493340,27358127,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Philip,"This game is fantastic, I am in love with this game, like I did with Cities Skylines, these two game with creative and workshop creative stuff is amazing. Love it again :DGrathics 10/10Career 10/10Total = 10"
76561197995245304,Recommended,493340,27434093,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NITECRAWLER,"As many have already pointed out, you might give this a try if you want a sandbox type of game with a cool theme. However, dont expect a deep management simulation. As it stands, the game is pretty unique and excellent overall."
,Recommended,493340,27443893,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,joshfabean,"Absolutely love this game, takes me back to everything I loved about Roller Coaster Tycoon 1&2 and adds a lot more depth. I'm looking forward to many more hours of this game."
,Recommended,493340,27446331,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CoinReturn,I spent several hours designing  a burger stand and was having way too much fun doing it. Planet Coaster: 5/7 game
,Recommended,493340,27513040,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,InnerGoat,Buy this
,Recommended,493340,27534565,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Clarkey53,"This game is genuinely unbelievable.The level of customisation in this game is absolutely unprecedented. No other game comes close. Some of the community creations on the Workshop are pieces of art and it's only possible because of the fantastic game that Frontier have made. Full credit to them as well, evidently Rollercoaster Tycoon World wasn't going to the places they wanted; so they made the game the way they wanted to. This is the TRUE sequel to Rollercoaster Tycoon 3.The game is beautiful too, the graphics look fantastic, exactly like they should for this genre of game. I can't really fault the game on anything much, the camera controls can be finicky at times but it's nothing game breaking or disorientating and it's not like they aren't customisable either; the extent of the options menu means that you can personalise the game to your standard.Is the game complete at this point? No. However, not in a negative way. This game has much more than other full price releases already and has them implemented to a working standard. Frontier, though, clearly have more in store for the game and I can't wait.I would almost certainly recommend this game at it's full £30 release price (lower than other similar new games by the way) and would consider it an essential at discount.9/10."
,Recommended,493340,27698759,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ooppa,"Awesome game, even without addons or DLC"
,Recommended,493340,27706857,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,st0veb0t,This game is basically Roller Coaster Tycoon on crack. Just...need...one...more...hit...
,Recommended,493340,27708958,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Krysolit,"Beautiful and almost-limitless game play. It's easy to lose track of time creating, perfecting, and obsessing over a park in the sandbox mode, striving to excel in the career mode or earning your way to the top of the park-world in the challenge mode."
,Recommended,493340,27714288,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cameron,"I love this game. It is so much fun to play. They have made some very important tweaks in recent updates that have made park management so much easier and now I can fully give this game a 5/5 stars. Thank you for such an awesome game, I've already spent hours playing, and I intend to play many more hours."
76561198045421619,Recommended,493340,27733512,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Nazi who played Yahtzee,An insane amount of detail can be put into your parks. This is the true meaning of the limit is your imagination
76561198032489644,Recommended,493340,27768884,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,whamajama,"This is great for building parks. The controls are easy to use and intuitive, and there are lots of options on things to build/do. This is not the best 'tycoon' game, in that the management aspects are pretty lacking. If you enjoy sitting around waiting for  your money to tick up so you can build that next thing, this may not be for you. For everyone else, there is no better game in the genre."
,Recommended,493340,27803056,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Alfred the Everliving,"Comparing this to RCTW is like comparing apples and orange coloured♥♥♥♥♥♥that your dog inevitably rolls in, sniffs through, eats a slug from, catches lungworm and dies."
,Recommended,493340,27823627,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Qwerty,Wait. What? Where did my life go? 5 hours designing a toilet block......
76561198083240267,Recommended,493340,27873071,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Core2lee91,"I don't normally bother with with game reviews, but this is undoubtably the very best 'tycoon' game ever made in my opinion.I grew up playing RollerCoaster Tycoon 1 and 2 and their many expansion packs. Despite the first one being 17 years old now I can still play it for hours. But things seemed to take a turn for the worse once Atari bought the game, and RCT3 despite modernising the graphics was nowhere near as good, and the reviews and gameplay footage have spoken for them selves with RCT World also publicly released this month.It's plain to see this game has been developed by Frontier Developments who was behind the original RCT games (not the latest one though...) and I would say the best way to describe planet coaster is exactly how I envisaged a game like this to look in 15 years time when I was playing RCT2.Anyway.. to sum up Planet Coaster- Amazing Graphics; you really get the feel for the park and the rides when you zoom up close- Excellent camera controls- Super customisable- Great intergration into steam with achievments and the Steam Workshop- Massive playability, if you plan to sit down on this game give your self a minimum of 3 hours because time really does seem to fly once you start building your own coasters and custom shops/attractionsAs others have said, Cities Skylines is to Sim City as this is to the latest Rollercoaster Tycoon.Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,493340,27892808,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SarcasmFairy,I could happily sink hours into Planet Coaster. It's the true successor to RCT and just wonderful to play. From career mode with it's own challenges to easy-hard challenge mode to test your skill in and then good old sandbox where you can build whatever you want.The Steam Workshop is where the game breaks into some serious fun: collecting blueprints from others for buildings and rollercoasters and uploading my own.Faults? I want more entertainers and the ability to change the colour of their costumes. Small gripe.
76561198059993513,Recommended,493340,27901909,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nirvanic Ascent,This is honestly in my top 10 games of 2016 Hands down. Great time killer. I highly recommend this game for everyone to give a fair try.
76561198077747647,Recommended,493340,27920375,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TriggerHappyTiger,The Real and True Successor to the legendary Rollercoaster Tycoon series.
,Recommended,493340,27977660,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm,This game is really in depth and loads of fun. But it shouldnt be called Planet Coaster but should be named 'Rock Simulator 2016' or 'Scenery Simulator 2016' beacause I've spent more time placing rocks and decorating parks than I have spent building coasters
,Recommended,493340,27989326,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MasterJulian,This is a worthy successor to the first three Roller Coaster Tycoon games.
,Recommended,493340,27990354,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zoo,Way better than tycoon!
,Recommended,493340,28010270,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FatBird!,"This is one of those games that will make time completely vanish! It devours the hours.The parks are so detailed, or have the potential to be so detailed, that it's mind-blowing. The colors and the sounds are spot on; they create an amzing ambience.You can ride all of the rides in 1st person, or spectate from other angles. I couldn't imagine what these coasters would look like in VR.I can see a lot of awesome DLC heading this game's way.You can just become completely lost in this game, inside your parks. It's truly a blast."
,Recommended,493340,28070842,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Deadslayer,"I've always loved Coaster games, and this is a perfect sucsessor for the Roller Coaster Tycoon series. Love how much modification you can do to your park, and lots of awsome Steam Contents available."
,Recommended,493340,28074946,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tye,One word AMAZING
,Recommended,493340,28080718,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[JW] Glory,"When RCT:W screwed everything up, Planet Coaster gave us a new light.Everything that we enjoyed from RCT3 are all in Planet Coaster (and there were heavy improvements as well)I really love the way how we can build up scenery and details for all ridesHowever, I hope to see more improvements for graphics/system optimization as I am keep struggling with row FPS when my park gets bigger (6000+ peeps)"
76561198076462068,Recommended,493340,28083604,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TheChief,"I am only going to say a few words about this game as i only recently got it so here i go.Wow this game is relaxing, everything from the gameplay and the graphics down to the music. Perfect game for when you've had a hard or stressful day."
76561198346210391,Recommended,493340,28331465,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,lp.baas,Great graphics and gameplay.
76561197972434426,Recommended,493340,28388541,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Iberia,"I'm not a Roller Coaster Tycoon Fan boy or RC game savant in general, but when I started playing this game I found something truely memorable and amazing.  The customization and depth to this game is unmatched, the coaster creation is flawless and intuitive.  Seeing all the controls at first I thought it would be daunting, but after 1-2 coasters I picked it up and was crafting solid 7+ excitement coasters everytime.  I highly recommend using the vast amount of keyboard shortcuts this game has available as it will make your experience much more streamlined.  Combined with available workshop content, and endless creation possiblities I give this game a solid 9/10.  My only complaint would be that management side of the game is weaker than it's creation kit/park building, though some of it has already been addressed and will be fixed in the coming Winter update."
,Recommended,493340,28392508,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,I´ve [E]nOuGh!,blub
76561198002758929,Recommended,493340,28392548,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,scouser_duffy,Amazing game. The attention to detail is outstanding. So much you can do :D
,Recommended,493340,28437713,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,dispereo,"It's been a very... very long time since I actually enjoyed a Theme Park game as much as I enjoyed Planet Coaster. I think the last one I enjoyed was actually one (if not THE) first ever made, Theme Park from Bullfrog.I tried a few others including the most famous Rollercoaster Tycoon, however I never quite got the handling of the game and quite early found the usability of the interface more confusing than anything else and quickly gave up. With Planet Coaster, I can build the most hilarious and confusing rollercoasters without having to kill my mouse, brain and fingers in the process. In fact, I think considering the vast options and posibilities available, the handling couldn't have made any easier.In regards to the graphics... I have to admit, I kinda like that kind of design and only little things would even bother me (now less than at the beginning), which is that people ALWAYS seem to come in groups and I have the feeling that these groups always walk the same way, rather static. But seriously, that's just me knitpicking. It's probably one of the best buys I've done so far and can only tell everyone, it's worth the money they ask for.A previous reviewer pointed out at one stage, that he never spent so many hours just to create a toilet. Dude, I take my hat, that comment basically hits the nail on the head!I absolutely love it. Fullstop."
76561198141424932,Recommended,493340,28517471,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,semperpie,A great game for creative minds!Am suspicious of the park rating system though - I had set up about 30 flamethrowers right next to the guests who were stranded in the rubber dingy rapids (only ride in the park) and got 100% approval10/10 would toast guests again.
76561198021192273,Recommended,493340,28572856,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Charnz,"I want this game to get more attention! PLEASE! Planet Coaster is the coaster sim ive wanted ever since Roller coaster tycoon 2/3. I know its an unpopular opinion But I actually really liked rollcer coaster tycoon 3. This game is beyond that. First of all...it LOOKS beautiful. The theme park going AI is fascinating to watch walk around the park. The way they interact with everything can keep me just simply watching them forever. Yeahh, sure it needs more features, themes, blah blah blah but I'm sure it will come with patience."
76561198147945217,Recommended,493340,28614293,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,abirtles7,I love this game
,Recommended,493340,28637431,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,patfromparts,"Geat spiritual sucessor to the RCT series, I was stoked when they announced this game way back when.Visually game is great and tons of different stuff to do in the game, plus it has Steam Workshop.The only thing I do not like is sometimes the mouse controls can be jerky while trying to manipulate rides etc.And the intelligent paths isn't always the best lol.Would reccomend this game to anyone,       7/10"
,Recommended,493340,28657214,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jam__Jam,This game is really fun and addictive. I have found myself playing this all the time. Sometimes i lose track of time because this is such a great game. Although you do lose money pretty quickly and you don't really seem to get it back because of all the fees of your food and drinks and staff and also your research. Overall it's a great game but it does have some flaws like the one i mentioned above.
76561198022395082,Recommended,493340,28661208,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DocMcstuffinz,"Have you ever thought about spending 3+ hrs on designing an awesome roller coaster? Well guess what, strap in because that's just how long it takes to figure out the scenery. It's an amazing game that is highly addictive. There are some faults but it is to be expected with any new games unfortunately.Pros:- amazing soundtrack- will keep you entertained for hours- fantastic graphics- huge level of community input for mods and rode design- game is awesome blah blah blahCons:- graphics are not fully optimized (massive frame rate drops when editing rides or too much in screen)- some issues with the mouse getting stuck or lagging in game.- camera can get carried away and make.it difficult for players.Overall: great game would recommend it to any one from ages 8-99. Will have immense replay value with community mods and dlc"
76561197996043805,Recommended,493340,28822818,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Farenek,">Me, casual pleb>Trying to create a roller coaster from scratch>Give a couple hours onto it, wanting the best puke-machine ever>Take a break at the end of the process>Come back way later, forgetting I was building the future of roller coasters>Quit the game without saving, deleting my creation>Going to create it back10/10, would waste hours again"
,Recommended,493340,28845823,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TechnoLad,"I have no words to accurately describe the wonderful, emotional and just all round joyful feelings I get from this game. No matter the session length.Wonderful, from that you're given complete creative freedom over your park. From your usual rides and rollercoasters, to building the exterior piece by piece for the shops and facilities. Plus with the game rewarding you for putting the effort in, making rides more appealing to guests for one, there's no reason not to get creative.Emotional, taking 5-10 minutes just sitting back, letting the park run and seeing the final result (Or a small work in progress area of the master plan) bringing joy to the guests. Really, I can't accurately describe the feelings I get. Best experienced for yourself.Joyful. The theme, the environment, the brilliant soundtrack. Unless you're in a really bad mood for whatever reason, you can expect yourself to be in a brighter, happier mood without you even knowing it.Because of how open ended the game is, as it is with any sandbox game, I truely believe this is a game that is best experienced for yourself. Of course there's a campaign and challenge, sandbox but with a budget and goals, modes if you like things a little more structured.This,thisis the ""I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye"" game for me."
76561198106290494,Recommended,493340,28926617,Posted: 1 January,all,Squarebox64,Es gud
,Recommended,493340,28976490,Posted: 3 January,all,DXDoug,"It is beautiful, it is wonderfull. Wether you played the original Roller Coaster Tycoon 1, 2, and 3, or even just played Theme Park from Way back in the day. It doesnt matter you will love this game everything about it is beautiful and makes you just lose yourself for hours on many different aspects of the game. You could be building a coaster, or theming out a area, making a plaza or eatery area, or making the landscape just how you want it either way you will be having fun the whole time. I Personally created Six Flags over Texas on RollerCoasterTycoon 3, and plan to do another Six Flags over Texas on Planet coaster because who doesnt love remaking the theme park that you have been going to since you were a little kid into a game. I DO because i just love the challenge an the enjoyment of seeing real life parks in a game, and i know the guest in the game would love the park as well. So ya wether you are new to Roller Coaster sim games or a die hard novice all your life it doesnt matter You WILL LOVE Planet Coaster, and thats a ROCK FACT... hehe"
,Recommended,493340,29013540,Posted: 4 January,all,Casual Dad,"An absolutely wonderful roller coaster sandbox. Intuitive UI, easy-to-learn building tools, captivating gameplay, an overwhelming amount of available customization, difficulties that are fair, and an overall relaxing experience... Planet Coaster is hard to pass on for Tycoon and management fans alike."
76561198267784484,Recommended,493340,29099692,Posted: 7 January,all,CitrusMoth,"It's everything you've ever wanted, and everything RCTW wasn't.You can go really go to town on the design if you have the time and patience, but you can easily get by in single player without it.All the negative feedback seems to be coming from people who don't have sufficient hardware to run it, so it's probably best on a decent desktop. I've never had any troubles with that, personally."
76561198032030556,Recommended,493340,29148512,Posted: 9 January,all,PURE_Vengeance,Such a GREAT game I am obsessed with it. The building of a giant rollercoaster is so much fun and easy to use. This by far the best Park/Building sim out there. Fun Fun Fun
,Recommended,493340,29194454,Posted: 11 January,all,BasketCasey,"Everything you need to know about Planet Coaster, and more.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U12aUvj4kgw"
,Recommended,493340,29236144,Posted: 13 January,all,ritterskitter,Really good for people who played rollercoaster tycoon back in the day
,Recommended,493340,29241118,Posted: 13 January,all,Fwumply,"I have a rough time with this one. It's an incredible game, don't get me wrong... but it still feels very early access-y.  I don't believe it deserves a thumbs down until the dev's slow on adding stuf... but we have to remember. This game has such little content to justify the $45.The built in community workshop is nice, but there is still one big thing missing that a $20 EARLY ACCESS title (Parkitect) has... and that's the ****scenario editor.****  Once the dev's stop working on this game, then I'll revisit this. If the content still lacks by the time they seem to be stopping the adding of new content, then this review might be more negative."
,Recommended,493340,29251956,Posted: 14 January,all,Generic3141592,This is a great game and the best since RCT3reat graphics Great coaster types and awesome game in genral
76561198052740618,Recommended,493340,26684495,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Glade,"This is not my favorite theme for build/management simulation, but the game is fun to play, no single crash, attractions are detailed, nice graphic. Yep it is worth the money and i can reccomend it to anyone who like rollercoasters, this game is benchmark."
76561197983030764,Recommended,493340,26689221,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Rune,"Worth more then the asking price, Fluid and smart controls and the snap to fit when building or expanding is a dream.best theme park sim out."
76561197977002029,Recommended,493340,26689738,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,bronko,Can recommend. The amount of polish and love for details really stands out.
,Recommended,493340,26694222,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,✖ Jerry,"Still very much trying to get used to the game, but so far it's been a pleasant experience with a beautiful style. Will give a better review at a later date."
,Recommended,493340,26700699,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Freefall1984,Everything that was good about the original roller coaster tycoon but in a shiney and new package. Makes Roller Coaster Tycoon world look like an amature.
,Recommended,493340,26703020,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Merc with a Mouse,"Easy to pick up, lots of tools so you can make what you want and where you want.It needs more scenery options in my opinion, as well as more non roller-coaster rides, but what IS there is already wide ranging and great for making rides, queues and random areas look how you want. The roller coasters are easy enough to make, and further makes the game feel like a true sandbox. You're not locked to a grid, unless you want to be, and it is a surprisingly good looking game. Going first person mode on a random guest and seeing your park from the ground had me looking around not only at my park but at all the other guests strolling throughout being very surprised at the details thrown in to them.Really worth looking into, with the steam workshop support it really is the Cities Skylines of theme park games."
,Recommended,493340,26703772,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,lostdexter 【=◈︿◈=】,The performance isn't great but the rest of the game makes it worth it.
76561197986801491,Recommended,493340,26704100,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Javin,"Roller Coaster Tycoon 4 - As it should have been.There's just no question that Atari shot themselves in the foot with a bazooka by not hiring on Frontier to do the sequel to the incredible Roller Coaster Tycoon 3.  The absurdity that is ""Roller Coaster Tycoon 4"" is matched by the beauty that is Frontier's Planet Coaster.This game is absolutely everything I would've ever wanted from a sequel, which says a lot considering I'm one of the few that gave a thumbs down to Fallout 4.  I expect a lot from sequels.  I expect that a sequel first, and foremost, hold true to the original, while simultaneously improving in some way upon every element that CAN be improved upon.Planet Coaster has done this in spades.One of the best things about RCT3 was the ""peeps"".  The amazing little personalities enjoying your park, from being tortured in a pool with no exit, to being tortured by the rides with no end (can anyone say ""Mr. Bones?"")  Or, if you're of THAT sort, you can actually watch them ENJOY your park... If that's your thing.The ""Peeps"" in planet coaster have evolved dramatically.  The graphics upgrade alone is beautiful, but with the new ""traffic flow"" system, peeps don't do the immersion breaking collision, and they seem to have considerably more personality, from the vendor dancing around the booth to the individuals enjoying the park with the family, you can quickly find yourself immersed in a ride-along with one of the peeps.  Watching the stranger in front of you desperately looking for a bathroom while doing ""the walk"" is freaking hilarious.The coaster building is vastly improved with the ability to see live-action ""heatmaps"" to see where your coaster could stand to be more exciting, or where to reduce nausia or fear, and it's just all-around a better experience.  Riding the coasters is a treat, but gives me the one and only complaint I have with the game.  This game DESERVES... Nay, DEMANDS VR compatibility.  If you were able to ride your coasters with a VR headset, that would just absolutely blow my mind.The music, sounds, and ambiance are unparallelled in any simultation  game I've played to date.  I'm literally sitting in a Peeps' head and watching them travel through the park with their parents as I write this.  The sounds of the different rides they pass by, the conversation taking place, it's just beautiful.  Then in regular game play mode, the soundtrack is something I'll seriously probably put on my music player.The ""building"" builder has seen a complete overhaul.  If you can imagine it, you can build it, scenery wise, and now you can embed your shops in your building blueprints if you really want to get to that level.  Want a single building that has food and drink combined?  You can do that here.The only complaints I've found are people complaining about content.  The game is attached to the Steam Workshop, allowing you to download virtually limitless content in the future.  I can honestly say I do not understand this complaint in the least.  Even the vanilla version has as much content as the original RCT3.  With the later expansions (zoo, water, etc.) that came to RCT3, I'm fully confident that this game will be no different, with later expansions made available that will increase ""vanilla"" content even further.  But with the Steam Workshop, there's more content than you could fathom.  Why would Frontier EVER bother to license the design for Six Flags' ""Silver Bullet"" when they don't have to, but can rather allow a fan to duplicate it in the Workshop?  Seriously?If you were a hardcore fan of the RCT3 series, you'd be doing yourself a disservice by not buying this game, even at full price.  If you read any of my previous reviews, you'll see that I go by the 50 cent rule.  Basically that a game should give me 50 cents per hour entertainment, meaning at the current price of $45, I should get at least 90 hours of play time out of the game.  I can guarantee you right now, that 24 hours in, I'll be getting hundreds of hours out of Planet Coaster.In short, if you were a RCT3 fan, buy this.  Or you'll regret it."
76561198025772134,Recommended,493340,26709755,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Snorticus,"I have been a RCT fan for a very long time. I probably played 1000 hours growing up of RC3.. so imagine my excitement when I heard RCTW was coming out... then I read peoples reviews and decided to wait a little bit.... in the mean time I heard about this amazing little game called Planet Coaster.. I decided to follow it too. The progress has been amazing to the point i pre-purchased and and I have to say I have not been disapointed, the graphics, gameplay are amazing, you can see everyone at the company has put effort into planet coaster and I really can't fault it.I enjoy the game, at the moment I am making pretty basic parks, but I have seen some of the premade stuff and cant wait to start trying the fancy stuff soon... Thank you for making such an awesome game, I am really enjoyingit."
76561198344910893,Recommended,493340,26709974,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,RAGING BULL84,Would deffinetly reccomend this game. Hours of fun building new coasters and theming them to the max.
76561198052704546,Recommended,493340,26714645,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Arminion,"Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 on steroids. Don't bother with RCT World, this is MUCH better."
,Recommended,493340,26716338,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,HentaiMaster123,"This game has the tools of what every sim player has dreamed of building. Planet Coaster does not limit creativity and has a fully functional UI that allows for the parks to be exactly created from what is going through the player's vision. Although I do find that this game is only the core base and does not have that much in expansions, I do believe that it will, in time, allow for a full innovation with new rides and building tools. Overall, amazing work done by Frontier. I am looking forward to the updates in the future."
76561198111644798,Recommended,493340,26717400,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,DrGamer4Real,"Wow!  I'm a die-hard Rollercoaster Tycoon fan. I played it when most of the reviewers here were either in diapers or still an ovum.  That being said, there seems to be a hypercritical vibe among die hard gamers today to trash any and every game that comes out.  Speaking for the casual gamers, this game is top notch - worth every penny.  I have a fairly righteous gaming machine so I'm able to play maxed out on ultra settings.  The game itself is smooth as butter.  Played several hours thus far and have not experienced a glitch, crash or any hiccup whatsoever.  While this game is not technically part of the RC franchise, its guts are clearly there and if you loved RC3, you'll love Planet Coaster even more.  It's just released so there will likely (hopefully!) be additions coming.  People seem to forget (or like I said, weren't born yet) that the original RC games were so bare bones when released and after several updates, they became the legends that they deserve.  Patience my friends, let this flower bloom.  Here's hoping a new generation will discover the magic."
,Recommended,493340,26730617,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,•●SloWolf●•,Im addicted already 👍🏼
,Recommended,493340,26731147,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Niklan,"As big fan of Roller Coaster Tycon 1 and 2, I really liked this game. I hate the people models in RCT3, but here, they just great!I have all I wanted from Roller Coaster Tycon World, and even more, but they did not. I see how much love they put in that game, they are truly fans of RCT series.But only one thing is strange for me now - is park management. The costs of  building rides is not compatible with ticket prices and money of visitors."
,Recommended,493340,26745503,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,WickedPuppy,"I get the same satisfaction of gameplay with Planet Coaster as I do with Cities:SkyLines. I think Cities:Skylines is one of the best city building games ever made.Surprising amount of detail and customizations. Game handles fairly smoothly even on a 4 year old computer. UI is simple but sacrafices some indepence in freedom to build where and what you want (for instance, building a pathway/road requires an existing pathway/road to build from). This makes things difficult to preplan. Perhaps, I'm just doing it wrong...in which case, I would argue it should be more evident."
,Recommended,493340,26979201,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nikira Bam!,"Everything you've ever wanted to do in Rollercoaster Tycoon, but couldn't!"
76561198075773187,Recommended,493340,26990376,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FreezyPop,Get ready to spend hours of your life designing a bathrooom stall. 10/10
,Recommended,493340,27016816,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr Bojangles,"This game is good looking, and the lighting is fantastic at night, the park building and simulation is fun and not an absolute cake walk to start out like the old RCT games were.The tools given for you to create with are incredibly powerful, and just a quick look online can uncover some amazing creations from much more skilled players than me.Best game of this kind to come out in years, but it's not without it's faults, though everything is polished to a mirror shine there is a distinct lack of flat rides and general amount of individual things like shop types and scenery peices.Also I've not ran into problems myself, but there have been complaints of this game chugging on even kind of high end machines and crashes.Love this game though, great!"
76561198046470648,Recommended,493340,27032776,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WitHue,"This game is a creators dream! I have spent only a few hours in game so far but I have been creating buildings and focusing on the aesthetics and I love that. I know many people complain about the management but personally for me I just love the freedom to create, thumbs up from me!"
,Recommended,493340,27179993,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Doppla,Great game would reccomend to anyone who wants a sandbox or open world building game!
,Recommended,493340,27213094,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Soretsu,"This is a terrific game, though it certainly isn't perfect.Positives:- Sandbox Mode: I love being able to test coasters, build them, and see what they are like.  If they're good, I can save them and use them in other parks.  It's great for templating for career mode.- Terrific Coaster Building:  I love the 1st person camera on coasters.  I love that I can just build stupid coasters, even if no one will ride them.- Creativity Galore: Not just with coasters, but with everything.  Buildings can be creative by a plethora of pieces, and saved and shared.  You can decorate with the most ridiculous of manners.Negatives:- Management is pretty light.  It's a little sad that it claims manaement is going to be an integral part.  I want more than just hiring staff, picking zones for them, etc.- Simulation: Overall, I feel like the simulation needs a little love.  What should be more difficult is not - rides always break down with people on the track.  There is no breakdown at the top of a hill, or a catastrophic crash that will forever haunt the ride and lower it's ratings.  This has got to be my biggest, biggest problem,  I want the people selling burgers to ♥♥♥♥ up orders.  I want the mascots to get surly.  I want guests to just give a♥♥♥♥♥♥when every ride is the same.Overall?  I have sunk 30 hours into this game, and would gladly sink more. The minutae of building is terrific.  The simulation needs some love, but it is by no means a reason to skip this title.  If you like making rollercoasters, if you like making parks and buildings, and lightly manage it all, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,493340,27216555,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Infracaninophile,Planet coaster? I don't even know 'er!
,Recommended,493340,27221278,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Goya,♥♥♥♥ me this game is good.
,Recommended,493340,27227415,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Coppenst,"Most addicting game ever, insanely beautiful graphics and gameplay ♥"
,Recommended,493340,27228495,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,怜悯山羊 Jechto,"This is very detailed game, however there is some micromanagement that could be improved. like hireing staff and upgradeing them.the graphics are beautiful. however if you begin to build very big parks, your pc will struggle.If you love management games, and building games. BUY IT, NOW!!!"
76561198033040926,Recommended,493340,27357926,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RooR,Super Addicting!
,Recommended,493340,27453686,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wookiee,"Just 5 more minutes guys as 1 hour already passed, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game takes time but id def worth it!"
,Recommended,493340,27497196,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SharCoGaming,this game is great
,Recommended,493340,27499138,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Autistic Seal,"The best theme park tycoon game I have played. If you have any interest in simulator games, you've got to get this.Pros:+ Stunning Graphics+ Park Management+ Creative Tools+ High DetailCons:- Performance Issues"
76561198205910220,Recommended,493340,27503490,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,iTwistaah,"This game is exactly what you need for some stress relief. It's so satisfying placing every single object one by one.The first time I saw this game, it really made me wanting to play this... So I decided to buy it.First 2 hours of playing were a bit hard, because you don't know how to do stuff the right way, but the good side of this is that you can play the campaign which helps you a lot. Just after those 2 hours intensive campaign-playing I started making my own park, I'm not a good builder... but I sure do have a lot of fun.I you are someone who likes to get caught up in a land (park) where everything is possible, please buy Planet Coaster. Haven't had so much fun playing a game in a while!"
,Recommended,493340,27506339,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,twoshelll,This game is worth it!I can't wait for more updates
,Recommended,493340,27537015,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WallRhyder,"I just love this game,it's what i've been waiting for since roller coaster tycoon and it's a great successor.I love the attention to detail, the tools, the pieces and with that: all the possibilities. The artstyle and even the parkvisitors add to a overall well rounded flair and game. It's just a playground for all your coaster and building construction fantasiesthe only downside is: I had troubles with some crashes at different occasions.But since the game is still pretty young I am hoping for them to fix those issues.The positives are definitely overweighing this little downside:I would absolutely recommend for all fans of building, design and detail."
,Recommended,493340,27598265,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,spr3n1x,"Honest ReviewProsCreativity and versitility - you can build anything you can imagine in this game using the built in custom object creatorTerrain Control - the Terrain control lets you have even more options to customize your park to make it your ownCoaster Creation - you get a large range of data when testing coasters and can make changes while the tests are runningConsControls - The controls are not as user friendly as i would like them to be, but with a little remapping of the controls or maybe a macro keypad you might be able to work things outVision in the Dark - It is very hard to see in the dark, mostly in caves.  It makes things difficult while digging tunnels.  You would have to place lights as you go to see properlyObject snapping - paths do not snap to some entrances the right way like the dual restrooms.  you have to really wiggle it in to get both of them connected correctlyConclusionI am seriously enjoying myself with this game and can not get enough of the customization.  This is by far one of the best theme park managers I have played in terms of sheer creativity. with a little polish to the smoothness of the controls and the object snapping this game will be beyond awesome. Keep up the good work Frontier!!"
,Recommended,493340,27643041,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pruto,"Everything I needed in life and a bit more.Firstly, if you have ever play ed Roller Coaster Tycoon 3. This is the way to go.I've grown up using thousands of hours building coasters and being creative. This just took me back.Everything has been redone, and everything feels famillar to RCT3.The graphics are beatiful, they really are. My PC which is quite old runs it amazing.Game gets patched up quick, music is stunning.I would recommend this game to anyone who feels like being creative in their own theme park!"
,Recommended,493340,27645149,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LordHollyngton,Great game! It is like the old Planet Coasters! :D
,Recommended,493340,27645531,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Isnotahero,"This game is a lot of fun and has a alot of freedom to do your thing in and alows you to be free in what you want to build, there are some great creators out there who have gone so far as create new props as scenery.but there are a decent amount of coasters to build with but it would be better if there where more."
,Recommended,493340,27674366,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,meisterli [NMG],"Addictive and highly customizable, a ton of fun if you enjoyed RollerCoaster 3 and it's addons. It can be a bit buggy at times, a bit tedius at others, but overall it's really great fun and has SO MANY OPTIONS it's pretty crazy. :D"
,Recommended,493340,27674924,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,athomas5466,I love the game and everything but it wont stop crashing all the time and I don't understand why?
76561197985706008,Recommended,493340,27675133,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,T1)t@C,"Amazing, i love it ! is exactly what i would expect from a Park theme tycoon builder. I highly recommend it !"
,Recommended,493340,27719048,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AlexLexicon,"Planet Coaster is an excellent game for those who desire design and detail to the nth degree. The game provides freedom of building and designing that few other games allow. The art style is appealing and the music gives the game a carefree joyful aesthetic. Compared to similar theme park simulators, planet coaster brings a refreshing take on a classic niche of the video game industry. Planet coaster successes where other similar games fail however planet coaster is not perfect. Before purchasing an informed consumer should know that as of this review and patch 1.0.1 the game has several flaws that do detract from the experience. Except for minor bugs there are only two outstanding issues I personally have with the title. The first being extremely poor UI design leading to annoying and repetitive tasks. For example, trying to manage all of your parks employees can be a nightmare with having to individuality navigate through several different windows and tabs in order to change the most basic of information like pay rates and training. Another issue with the UI is its unnecessarily large windows that cover most of the screen space, as well as the inability to have multiple windows open at the same time making comparing information more difficulty than it need be. Other than poor UI my only other major gripe with the game is the difficulty and lack of interesting maps/scenarios. AS of right now the difficulty is very simple and the challenge mode in the game is boring with the challenges being incredibly basic and simple. The default challenges you will receive in the game are things like gaining certain park ratings and getting a certain amount of income per month. I would like to see this game evolve and add more interesting and distinct challenges and add some new scenario style maps in the future. Overall planet coaster is a welcome addition to the theme park game genre and I am excited to see what frontier come out with in terms of addition content. If you liked old roller coaster tycoon games or similar, you may want to pick up this game when you have a chance. And remember that steam offers a refund before two hours so if it’s not for you don’t hesitate to use this power."
,Recommended,493340,27726702,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Two Cups of Vegetable Oil,"While it's a bit lacking in the management aspect of the game, Planet Coaster excells in allowing creative freedom in designing your dream amusement park."
76561198127611100,Recommended,493340,27769964,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DrunkRussian,"With a game that looks as nice, if not better than, Grand Theft Auto 5 and a title totally deserving of the ""Just 5 More Minutes"" award, Planet Coaster is the game for you if you grew up with the RCT franchise that Atari have decided to turn to absolute poo.This game runs incrediby well too. I'm running at a smooth 30 with medium graphics on an older gaming laptop, so it's pretty damn good. Slight issue of you'll probably spend more time placing individual lights than actually building anything, but how else are you gonna spend your Friday nights you loner? If this even slightly interests you, get it and fall in love.After playing this game for quite a while, I have a few major complaints: The lack of a waterfall tool and the path builder. Waterfall tool from RCT3 is the best thing, and the paths just snap strangely and just hate you a little bit. Not too game breaking, but still there."
,Recommended,493340,27773724,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AngryItalian,This is the best I could possibly ask for a revival of my childhood. Had a bit of issues at the start but the Devs are super active and seem to be on top of everything. If you liked any Roller Coaster Tycoon's this game will not only not disappoint but will impress!
76561198024857445,Recommended,493340,27774627,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Wolfy,Amazing game and you can make the park into whatever you want. I spent an hour just working on the entrance kiosks for my park.
,Recommended,493340,27786525,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TOXCIDE,I made a kiddie coaster that goes over 10+ g'sif you like the old rollercoaster tycoons and messing with your guests with troll rides dis da game to gettheres also the intro where it sounds like the planetcoaster mascot is slappin da monkey
,Recommended,493340,27805986,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dingo Ice,"This game is great for those that are completely new to theme park simulation games or to those that know it well. I have previously played RCT3 and the highly anticipated RCTW, which they unfortunately rushed out and we got a unfinished game. Planet Coaster actually improves from the 12 year old RCT3 game! It keeps everything we liked about it and makes the bits we didnt like about it better, such as the grid that you had to build everything on in RCT3 or the rollercoaster building tool that forced you to build sections that fit to the grid aswel! If your one of the few that likes to make realistic parks like me then this is also the game for you. I can not think of anything bad with it especially when the developers have been working really hard to send out updates and I don't think they are going to stop doing that soon either. Oh actually, maybe there is one bad thing. I can't kill the guests!"
,Recommended,493340,27826155,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Winter,"Wow this game just blew me away. I did not expect the game to actually look like the cinematic!??!It's been a long time since a quality any builder game has come out, and this one knocks it out of the park."
,Recommended,493340,27829549,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BIG OOF,"This game is to Roller Coaster Tycoon as Cities Skylines is to SimCity.I grew up playing Roller Coaster Tycoon 2, and when I finally got my hands on the ~brand new~ 3D Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, my mind was blown.This, somehow, managed to blow my mind more going from RCT3 to Planet Coaster than from Roller Coaster Tycoon 2 to Roller Coaster Tycoon 3.Worth full price of admission."
,Recommended,493340,27862970,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Warrior_G,THE 6 ESSENTIAL STEPS OF PLAYING PLANET COASTER:- Spend 4 houres creating the perfect rollercoster.- Find out you don't have enough money to finish the very last piece of the track.- Can't get another loan.- Break down everything for money.- Bankruptcy- DO IT OVER AGAINThe righteous successor of RCT3.
,Recommended,493340,27864048,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr. Freakman,"Best roller coaster game, all time"
76561198114023554,Recommended,493340,27878565,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hatoori,i really wish if VR suporting the game it well be really epic nice when do ride view with VR!
,Recommended,493340,27895645,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zergrinch,too fat for coasters. virtual rides for life.
76561198014300827,Recommended,493340,27896409,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,wyldremix,"By far, PC is way more advanced than RCTW with all the attention to detail and very evident thoughtfulness put into the development of this game.  I want RCTW to succeed as there is still a great deal of potential but after playing both now for several hours, I easily favor this game and look forward to all the future additions that will be coming out."
,Recommended,493340,27898477,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Noodlehousen,"This is one of those games that is as good as the trailer. From that first teaser trailer, it looked like a great game with plenty to customise and build. But we have all been burnt so many times before where the trailer looks amazing and the game to 'meh'. This game allows you to build, customise, expand and really create your park down to every detail.I absolutely love it!"
,Recommended,493340,27901264,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MrStealYourMemes69,"Tried it out and refunded it because it's not my type of game. I'm not a builder-type person. It runs quite poorly on my 970 and i5-4690k.However, I can see that a lot of work went into the game. If you like building theme parks, and very detailed ones at that, this game is for you."
,Recommended,493340,27910245,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PixelatedHybrid,Crack cocaine of video games. Once you pop you just can't stop!
,Recommended,493340,27919840,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Barznstarz,If you ever liked the RCT series you will love this game! Tons of customization with the Steam workshop adding new content constantly.
,Recommended,493340,27956098,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NMCV431,"Incredible. Everything I loved about RCT3 is back, and better than ever.If you loved the RollerCoaster Tycoon series, it's worth it to pick this one up. You won't regret it."
76561197990900819,Recommended,493340,27988652,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Oh The Huge Manatee,"Planet Coaster is one of the few games that lets you do what you want, and does'nt smack you for doing something wrong. It's Bright, colourfull and makes me feel happy just looking at the creations i have made. I feel a sence of accomplishment when i finaly finish making a building out of nothing. I highly recomend this game to anyone that injoys having things thier way."
76561198024301216,Recommended,493340,28106686,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Risingmoon,I used to play RTC 2 and 3. But this game beats it all. The fact that you can place almost everything everywhere is awesome! it looks fantastic. Only thing i want in this game is de custom fireworks of RTC or somekind of show. Maybe more themed scenery. Overall AWESOME game.
,Recommended,493340,28107250,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,roscone,"This is the most complete and satisfying building system in most any game I have played, let alone park simulation games. Virtually anything that you can imagine can be built exactly as you imagine it. Highly recommended."
76561197987210144,Recommended,493340,28109331,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,UncleGuts,"After pre-purchasing RTCWorld and being sorely burnt by that decision, I was a little worried about getting this game. However, it was a fantastic choice. If you liked RTC3 you'll like this. There are so many different things you can do with scenery, ride events, and buildings. Building things is easier in this one as well, as everything snaps nicely to a grid. Yes, there are some flaws. Some places support beams or other kinds of things like that will clip through rides. It doesn't happen all the time, just once in awhile. Also, you really have to like theme park building games to enjoy this, as some of the career mode challenges are frustrating and annoying. I still enjoyed beating them, but I could see other people not enjoying that so much. 10/10 if you are a big theme park fan like me. Probably 6/10 for the more casual player."
,Recommended,493340,28112523,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Ozymandias,"Where to begin? The game itself is amazing. Being able to build your own theme park from the ground up is something I must admit have wanted to do multiple times, and this game allows me to do so better than anyother.Pros:> awesome graphic detail> awesome build/design tools>Satisfying when you finally create the park of your dreamsCons: > Biggest issue for me is that I meet all computer specs, yet I still face game crashes every 30 minutes or so. Tried altering graphics in the settings but nothing. Lets hope they keep fixing these small bugs.Result: 8.5/10. Would recommend to anyone, with the warning of always saving the game every 5 or so minutes."
76561198173445683,Recommended,493340,28128077,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Pizzalover,fun but wait a month to buy
,Recommended,493340,28191857,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Dejoowie,"How could someone not like this game... You can build your own THEMEPARK!12/10, would coaster again."
,Recommended,493340,28204316,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Makoto Kikuchi - Mir0ki [TH] -,"Got 5 achivements for free for no apparently reason after quitting the game.10/10But to be serious, this game is a very solid Park building game and a true worthy successor to RCT3.(Pretend RCTW didn't exist).Everything in this game is built upon RCT3 but expanded to the MAX!Mechanics in this game are solid and the cartoony graphic which is based on RCT3 is nice to look at too BTW this game has amazing lighing and shadow.The strongest things that make this game stands out are the super customizable coasters and the ""build it your way"" shops and facilities in which you can build the base buildings and decorate them with craps to however you want and the terraforming tool has been improved a lot, you can forget about the blocky tunnel when you dig your coasters through ground.The only thing that I think this game is lacking is it has a crappy and kinda hard to understand UI when building a coaster eventhough it is versatile.In RCT3 the UI is below and while it is a lot less customizable, it is a lot easier to use and I found that in Planet Coaster it took me like a while to build a coaster because how tedious it is.Other things I miss are water rides are not available yet(like jetskis or submarine, they are not in the game right now, hopefully they will patch later.) and the mini-golf (also more coasters would be nice.)Anyway if you are a die-hard RCT3 fan or the classic RCTs too you should definitely buy this game since you will get addicted for you, remember if you happen to dislike this game you can always refund the game."
76561197975350631,Recommended,493340,28209919,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Andy.P-UK-1980,"One of the best games i have played this year by a country mile, i was considering getting that other theme park simulator game thats come out recently but i'm glad i decided to stick with Planet Coaster, think of RCT3, times it by a hundred or so and you get this fantastic masterpiece.You'll be free to create anything in this, from custom shops right through to amazing rollercoasters with 5 corkscrew turns and 20 loop the loops if you wanted to, although you'll need a pretty beefy PC to run it to get the best out of it, i've managed to play for a solid 100+ hours so far without too much trouble on a old i5 750 cpu, yes it does lag a bit when you get 5000+ guests in the park and the game slows down but its still playable and just as enjoyable.If you loved the original classic RCT games then you can't go wrong with Planet Coaster, your better off staying away from the other game i hinted at earlier and spend your hard earned cash on this beauty instead."
76561198120610513,Recommended,493340,28235590,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,irishjojo,"I love this game!! Micro management is great, the building is great....everything is great.  Looking forward to spending many hours building my parks and advancing my career.  Its about time we had a modern theme park game THANKYOU!!"
,Recommended,493340,28246078,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Jane Kelly Ashley92OnMixer,If you loved roller coaster tycoon 3 or any game like that or like building and seeing what happens or you just love theme parkgames BUY THIS GAME 10/10 super fun
,Recommended,493340,28247157,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,PC Principal,"This game is just excelent in more ways than I care to list, park creation is taken to a new level, coaster creation is fun and rewarding, and the challenge mode keeps the game very intersting.  I love playing this game by myself or with my s/o I like managing and coasters, and she loves making beautiful scenery and creating new shops and things for guests to interact with.There are some negatives, like not being able to apply changes to all shops in the park but I'm more than confident that Frontier will be updating and adding new features to the game for some time to come.  Their community involvement is superb as well, hosting streams and forums to get guest feedback and giveaway keys so more people can enjoy the game.  As a lover of old RCT, I couldn't love this game more."
76561198029998572,Recommended,493340,28275555,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,jake.marley,10/10
76561198199006289,Recommended,493340,28276314,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Supersliser,constantly crashes
,Recommended,493340,28296794,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DigitalCreation,"This blows RCTW out of the water!Pretty easy as far as the managment part goes, but you can make a pretty badass park.Overall I highly recommend this game!"
76561198125586318,Recommended,493340,28362727,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,goodlife78,"If you want to have a life, you should absolutely NOT buy this game. This is an addictive, time-consumig game! I am playing on high resolution with a GeForce GTX760 and it gets glitchy sometimes but it's fine. The career mode really gives you a set of challenges, so you can get used to the gameplay, commands and stuff. You can create your own shops and facilities qith quite a lot of options. Make sure you keep your staff and guests happy, that's your main objective. You'll want to research as much as you can in order to access different rides and shops. The graphics are great and I'm really looking forward to future DLCs. If you're a fan of building and strategy games, you'll love this one, it's totally worth the price."
76561198066256890,Recommended,493340,28392697,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,HappyMangoes,"First time in a while that i've felt satisfied paying full price for a game. The continued free content, tweeking and improvements from the developers make it fun to come back again and again. If you need a ""fix"" for a theme park simulation, management, and all around from the ground up creation game, this is it!. I can finaly feel comfortable leaving Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 on my shelf and welcome something else to take its place, and that's Planet Coaster. Its not the same feeling as when i was a kid, play sim theme park and sim coaster, But nothing has gotten closer till now. I didnt even own the full games, i just played the demo worlds and happily played them for hours on end. Among City Skylines, this is the new king of its field."
,Recommended,493340,28392841,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Purging_Flame,The theme park game we have all been waiting for.
,Recommended,493340,28394770,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Daghostkilla,This game is great. If you are a big fan of the RCT series this is the game to get. Highly Addicting
,Recommended,493340,28394931,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MyroP [Fr],"I love it, but I cannot pop the baloons of my visitors like in RCT3"
,Recommended,493340,28404030,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,FlashFuzzyy,"This game..Ive only played around 14 hours, but the they are probably the best 14 hours in a game ive ever played. You can go as deep into customization as you could ever dream, or you could casually build a rollercoaster that enculfs a mountain. I would highly recomend this game to anyone, even if your creativly handicaped."
76561198067143150,Recommended,493340,28439294,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,CT_Marauder,Can be interesting and challenging as far as managment skills and over coming built in chanlenges in the game.They reciently add a big fix and new themes as well as rides for free instead of an added pay for add on which is rare now a days and shows they care about the game and the people who already own it.The community who own the game are constanty making new theme scenery and buildings to use in your parks which is very nice.Lots of bits and pieces to use in the game to customize every bit of your parks you work on and build and interesting ways the people who come to your park react to all you do and have.Your imagination can run wild and look pretty awesome when all is said and done.
,Recommended,493340,28500909,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Eggory,I don't know how so much time passed.
,Recommended,493340,28572211,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,LordFragee,"Absolutly worth the money. Im playing challenge mode on harder mode at the moment. There are more management aspects than in rct2 at least in my oppinion. Its rather hard but makes a lot of fun.I like the new prestige system it gives some new management aspects to the game.Things that i have to do in my small park (currently 4 rides):adjust prices every 5 -10 minchange the ride sequence due to low prestige or to increase the excitement ( less people wanted to go on the merry go round, or rides become old f.e..)Take loans but be carefully - its better to do not use loans ( high interest rate)Have always a scenery rating of 100 % (increases prestige and people are more willing to queue up)plan park extention ..( new ride or replace an old ride or shop or coaster? At least my old ride in the park is making no loose)staff managment ( on harder mode its rly hard to pay the stuff in the beginning, so i was hirering and firering my mechanic until i had 3 rides)Spend some time on overall scenery and placing benches and some similar stuffresearch - this is also very expensive in the beginningFor a good coaster you need about 10 k $ and i guess i will be able to create my first coaster when i have 5 or 6 rides and 2 shops in my park and only if i take at least one loan (3 k is the hightes one in harder moder)You can decide if you take a entry fee or if you charge for your rides (both can be good in different park situations, but i dont suggest to mix this). What you can do, is charge for your rides and take a little entry fee - lets say for the park maintenance of about 1-3 $.It just makes a lot of fun and the graphics and sounds are just stunning.I have played this game for about 30 hours and im still in my first park and hove not tried career mode, but at the beginning i spend about 10 hours to learn the building system to use it for advancd techniques.You dont have to think about if it is worth or not. If you like rct2 you will love this game.Most people have more problems with the ride aging system than with the prestige system itself.The aging system is a little bit to heavy, the time that is needed for a ride to age should be halfed and the time that is needed to become a classic ride should be halfed to, then this system would be more balanced.The prestige sytem is nice. Its affected by many aspects.- the nearer landscape- the ride sequence- the fear and the excitement values of the ride- the scenery ratingI guess that are values which would affect the ride prestige also in real world, so this system is rly nice in my opinnion.I have played RCT2 rly a lot. It is such a nice game.There was less management it RCT2 than in Planet Coaster.In RCT2 the basic stuff was the same- manage staff (but salary was fixed)- charge for rides- charge for entrane-- loans- research- park rating- topings for shop products (in planet coaster you can not charge more for this even if the procuts costs more, but i gives some effects to the guests)PC has this and just some more detailed and additional staff like prestige, flexible loans, staff happiness, aging sytem .... and some more stuffI guess the reason why some peopla re thinking that rct2 have more mangement aspects, is that you the some scenarios sys f.e. - you have to reach 3000 k guests and a park arating of at least 600 at the end of year 3, or your park rating must not fall under a specific value at any timeThis are just scenarios which are also possible within planet coaster and maybe they will add some more difficult scenarios in future. I also think they will add a scenari editior.RCT2 has no no sandbox and also no challenge mode only scenarios.Hopefully some more management aspects will be added to the game in future. Im rly excited about coming addons and updates, This is just my favorite game in the moment and i guess i will spend a lot of hours into it cause atm i havent finished my first park and i will create some additional parks for sure. I also want to play some scenarios or sandbox -so still a lot to do before the first addon will come.Planet coaster is doing very well. I can suggest it to alll people who like amusement parks or RCT2."
,Recommended,493340,28577932,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Tylor,"Even if the management aspects of Planet Coaster leave a lot to be desired, the overall aesthetics of this beautiful theme park simulator combined with powerful building tools allow you to build the theme park of your dreams, tugging on your nostalgia for the classic RollerCoaster Tycoon series in the process."
,Recommended,493340,28614092,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,HenoGarvey,"Beautiful game that really captures the magic that was Roller Coaster Tycoon. Totally takes me back to when I was younger. The graphics are really nice, couple of little clipping glitches here and there, but a really nice visual throughout. It looks like they've taken extra care to get all the details just right on the models.The game is very playable. I loaded it up just to test it for five minutes and ended up playing for 2 hours. Would totally recommend this to anyone who likes tycoon games."
,Recommended,493340,28640373,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kolli40000,best game ever
,Recommended,493340,28640846,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,rebelKäi ♀,"I like the game. I like it better than I liked Roller Coaster Tycoon. The annoying thing is the Staff. They can be at 100% happiness and then go unhappy. I give them a $50 raise and they are still unhappy with it. I find it very annoying, and then they quit. Otherwise it's fine and fun."
,Recommended,493340,28647559,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Abura,"This game sucks balls, because it will keep you occupied so much you forget the real world!10/10 for gameplay, design and endless hours of occupation!"
,Recommended,493340,28655742,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MwThink,"In a nutshell, all I can say is: Wow.Remember that roller coaster / park management game you always wanted. This is it. Do not hesitate picking this game up right now."
76561198228215896,Recommended,493340,28795182,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[ S.C.K.]Chiva,totaly worth buying still enjoing it :)
76561198291629034,Recommended,493340,28799686,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,-CallMeScary-,"This game is awesome, but check you have the minimum requirements before spending 30 quid.They are:OS: Windows 7 (SP1+)/8.1/10 64bitProcessor: Intel i5-2300/AMD FX-4300Memory: 8 GB RAMGraphics: nVidia GTX 560 (2GB)/AMD Radeon 7850 (2GB)DirectX: Version 11Storage: 8 GB available spaceAdditional Notes: Minimum specifications may change during development."
,Recommended,493340,28803694,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Caraeus,"Planet Coaster is an awesome theme park builder, where you build, well of course a theme park. Alot of different scenery options, rides and so on. You can make pretty much anything you want, just let your creativity shine. Plus with an awesome soundtrack that gets you pumped up in the loading and menu screens, this game deserves a high rating. That's why i give it an 9/10"
,Recommended,493340,28804838,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jeff Dunham,"So far, this is one of my favorite games of 2016. If you haven't play RCT before this or any other building related games, there can be a little learning curve. But once you get to know the controls and how the game works, it is one of the most calm and exciting experiences currently on Steam."
,Recommended,493340,28805400,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,haondoor,"Yes! This is the long awaited sequel to RCT2...My childhood may not have been difficult or even extraordinary, but Roller Coaster Tycoon 2 was a huge part of me growing up. Some of my best memories are of my friends and I sitting at the giant, thick, and loud desktop, watching 2D theme parks come alive or fail financially at the decisions our 9-year-old self’s would make. Long story short after three failed games (RCT3, RCT4 Mobile, and RCT World) this ""Frontier"" master piece has brought back everything that I knew and loved about the original RCT2 game.Even to the point that my childhood friends and I have gotten back together multiple times already to play this together, just like old times. :D5 PROS:-Great functional 3D graphics-Well laid out controls, that take some time to get used to, but work well with the gameplay-Detailed micromanagement, you can even tell employees how much mustard to drown your wieners in.-The stupidly fun sarcasm that came from RCT2. Like the ability to pick people up, sarcastic thoughts from patrons, and of course funny reactions to the rides and food served-Simple enough for an 8-year-old to play, but detailed enough that, a business major like myself, appreciates the attention to financial detail and realism5 CONS:-Even for the best computers, you cannot fill the entire environment with rides and decoration without INTENSE lag.-Cannot place random people in the wilderness or watch them drown like you could in RCT 1 & 2 (Plus I wish you had the ability to pop peoples balloons)-Some of the info for entering the game is wrong, as well as it is almost impossible not to take out a loan at the beginning of any game mode-Building mechanic for stores and rides is difficult and sometimes takes away the fun of just creating-Not many terrains or maps-I cannot think of a 5th con, it’s that good!!! GET IT NOW!"
76561198107845472,Recommended,493340,28811168,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jesper'O farmskins.com,"""Is it really fun to build a coaster?"" ""Is it really fun to build a park?""This is questions many people ask themself including me, but I can assure you that it actually is fun to build a theme park or whatever u want to build. If u dont usally play games like this as myself you are gonna get surprised of how much time u r gonna spend playing this game and how funny it is to play this game :D"
,Recommended,493340,28818259,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,trailhawk 30,the best rollercoaster game out there!!
,Recommended,493340,28842077,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,FlamingDevil,This game is amazing i like it better than RCTW by far this game has a lot to offer
76561197972802479,Recommended,493340,28844563,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[SWITCH]GorosXavier,Great game. I can easily spend hours in this game building awesome rollercoasters. I love the diverity of the different rides and the amount of scenery one can put into a park!
76561198035876934,Recommended,493340,28866093,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Babbler Dabbler,"Such a beautiful looking game. The customization aspect is absolutely amazIng, it's like you can literally design your park exactly how you want it, right down to the smallest of details. It's arguably one of the best things to have ever existed in the universe. Or, y'know, RCT3 on steroids"
76561198043733234,Recommended,493340,28923671,Posted: 1 January,all,BloodThursty,"This game deserves so much praise, and it is definitely worth the price. If they continue to improve the game then this will be great and you will be getting more bang for your buck.The only recent issue most people are unhappy with was the intoduction to ride aging, which in the senario I was working on made it completely impossible.I believe any kinds of changes usually just need some tuning before they become solid. Plus I am grateful that the developers are still adding content to the game forfree. So for being free updates I am okay with any changes.If you are looking for a great theme park tycoon builder this game is for you.EDIT: Update 1.1.2 allows the player to disable the commonly unliked feature, ride aging."
,Recommended,493340,29025758,Posted: 4 January,all,matthewpipie,If only there was Linux/Mac support + fps optimizations + no ride aging it would be perfect :(
,Recommended,493340,29043753,Posted: 5 January,all,Smoerble (ts.bombrats.com),"If you likes the Rollercoaster Tycoon series, then you will LOVE this game. It's very detailed and feels really like the Roller Coaster Tycoon just with awesome new graphics."
76561198332869017,Recommended,493340,29055330,Posted: 6 January,all,ttigger22,"Great game, fun to play, the best game I'v purchased from Steam so far."
76561197984308168,Recommended,493340,29057324,Posted: 6 January,all,Stook,"Fantastic game if you are into the creative sort of thing.  I spent about 9 hours building an entrance and food court...The coaster builder is great.  The building editor could use some more parts, but is still fantastic once you learn how to use it.  The path editor needs some work.  It is perfect until you attempt to build underground or on a slope; building on a slope is exceptionally annoying unless you like having your paths elevated.  The management isn't bad, but needs some work to allow for better micromanaging.The game runs well and looks good.  On low settings Planet Coaster still looks like a modern game by all standards.  I'm playing this on an old i5 2500k (4.2ghz) and 660ti on medium-ish settings and have no complaints at all.  Small parks easily yield 60fps, and some crazy things on the workshop sit around 20, which, in my opinion, are still playable for this sort of game."
,Recommended,493340,29060528,Posted: 6 January,all,SayaLuna,"This game is simply epic. I am a fan of roller coaster any version and Planet coaster surpasses it by far.The creators take care of their game like no one, adding rides, deco, thematic, map, bug fixes ... They are present and make frequent update.The game is stable, does not lag and offers a multitude of options even custom the color of the menu !!!!!10/10 this game is simply INCREDIBLE"
76561198050276898,Recommended,493340,29071227,Posted: 6 January,all,GreenTemplar1,A game that you can just be happy in! I mean sandbox is a BLAST! The only rollercoaster sim I know that lets you build indoor rides! You can customize almost everything in this park! This game makes you feel like a kid again and its such a good stress reliever.
,Recommended,493340,29129335,Posted: 8 January,all,E=MC²_Trooper,10/10
,Recommended,493340,29134430,Posted: 8 January,all,Matt,I liked RCT3.I like this game.You might too.
,Recommended,493340,29177081,Posted: 10 January,all,EpicLegion,Its a very fun game if you enjoy sandbox games
,Recommended,493340,29245010,Posted: 14 January,all,Taylor098,Very good game
76561198089821328,Recommended,493340,29253442,Posted: 14 January,all,Thanos,Brilliant game. The building in this game is amazing and just a visually stunning game.
76561198198448428,Recommended,493340,29261221,Posted: 14 January,all,✬ ℜisen ✬,This game is a great upgrade for an avid player of RollerCoaster Tycoon like myself. The camapign mode is quite challenging and not lacking in quantity. It always takes me a couple of trials before I successfully get the 3 stars. The creative and managment systems are very complete. The only negative point I have is the coaster building system which is really frustrating to me. I ended up downloading a couple of blueprints so I wouldn't have to create my own rides.
,Recommended,493340,29286959,Posted: 15 January,all,Ean,Lots of stuff to do. Its like RCT except you can make your own buildings and set up mini scenes and stuff
76561197965497189,Recommended,493340,29296128,Posted: 16 January,all,ShinIlgR,"Si vous aimez les jeux bac a sable, style Minecraft, avec une creativite presque illimitee, ce jeu est pour vous.SI vous souhaitez un VRAI JEU de gestion passer votre chemin, certes il y a de la gestion, mais elle est pas vraiment pas poussee en terme difficulte et de complexite.Mais a mes yeux c'est le digne succeceur de Roller coaster tycoon !"
,Recommended,493340,29346299,Posted: 18 January,all,ghastinskull,"I do like the concept of this game but every time I go to do something, it lags and crashes. If they fix this problem, this game could be very fun. I dont think its worth the money you pay for it, it seems a little expensive for the content."
,Recommended,493340,29366341,Posted: 19 January,all,merman101,"After a childhood spent playing hours upon hours of Rollercoaster Tycoon 1, 2 and 3, this game is everything i loved about them and so much more. The level of creativity this game gives you is out of this world, and every minute I've played has been superb.The soundtrack and in-game sounds are spot on, and compliment the already amazing gameplay even further. The only real downsides are the relatively poor optimisation and a small variety of flat rides (although both of these I can live with, no-one really needs 60 FPS in a game like this anyway)After having Rollercoaster Tycoon World in my wishlist for so long, I'm glad this game came out when it did, and saved me the pain of playing Atari's Rollercoaster Tycoon: Cashgrab Edition.10/10, another amazing game from Frontier! Keep up the great work guys!"
76561198339676132,Recommended,493340,29385599,Posted: 20 January,all,AlphaBravoCheesecakee,omg this might be the greatest thing to ever come into my life! these developers are awesome and i hope they make more updates because man is this game fun!
76561198032121175,Recommended,493340,29386952,Posted: 20 January,all,Id0ntkn0w?!,This game is probably the best amusement park game I have ever played. I remember playing an amusement park game on the PS1 way back in the day I had so much fun with it and I needed another fix of this genre of gameplay(to build and control my own park! I recommend this game highly!!! Some bugs need to be worked out but I'll give it a 9 out of 10 for now
,Recommended,493340,29434079,Posted: 22 January,all,Sapling,Great game from what i could tell but i was looking for something i could jump into and just relax but with no tutorial and its a bit to much for for me to get into at the moment. I will be buying this again later but for now i've returned it. I recommend this to someone who loves city builder/management games and is invested in this game.
76561198000789410,Recommended,493340,29483153,Posted: 25 January,all,Erik3094,"5 stars! Amazing, the steam workshop is a bonus! You can download so many different things."
76561198097684844,Recommended,493340,29810807,Posted: 9 February,all,iClarkeo,"Pros-Graphics are good-Fun to play-In-depth park management-Loads of customisationCons-Guests are re****ed-Staff are always unhappy with something-Once you learn the basics of money making (first 30mins) the game isnt very challengingStill a good game, ive had no problems running it on max settings, no crashes or frame drops."
76561198023894564,Recommended,493340,29819946,Posted: 10 February,all,Coach,"Awesome game!  Fun building coasters and managing theme parks.  Bit limited in some of the ride selection, but still worth owning.  If you enjoyed roller coaster tycoon games, you should have a good time with this game.  Enjoy!"
,Recommended,493340,29926180,Posted: 14 February,all,Coljack,POOLS WHEN
76561198202285040,Recommended,493340,29933787,Posted: 14 February,all,Agent 47,"PLANET COASTER:---------------------This game single handedly brought back one of my childhood genres which is the Park Building/Management type. it blends heavy park management, down to pricing and employeee pay, all the way to in depth park building with terrain tools and even soundtracks for individual stereos in your park to make the absolute park of your dreams! I lag because i dont meet the RAM requirements and i still have a blast! i could talk about this game for hours! and just share fun moments ive had in the simple 12 hours ive played, with many, MANY more to come!This game can go 1 of 4 ways1.Sandbox mode: Build a park completely from scratch, down to building the paths for people to walk on, custom coasters and track based rides, and adding queues for people to wait in for said rides, and using all tools and props given to make the absolute park of your dreams!2. Playing challenge mode: where you are given a specific amount of money to start a park, anywhere from 2k to 25k to begin your park. this is when park management comes into play, with you needing Janitors, Mechanics, and Mascots to keep your park guests happy and money in your pocket.3. Play career mode: You are given a starter park with minimal rides and attractions, further prompting you to finish the starting project. With main and mini objectives to boot and get you to 3 stars to go to the next zone/park4. Downloading Maps: With full Steam Workshop support this game becomes crazy! with some of the most extensive things you have ever seen! from simple restaurant reskins and scratch buildings all the way to full parks with detail at every corner! Allowing you to zoom in or use the guest camera and just explore the parkPros:----------Easy to use Terrain and Building systems-Good graphics-Proper theme park noises and blends-Easy to learn controls when landscaping or building rides-INCREDIBLE SOUNDTRACK!-Lovely atmosphere-And nostalgia for freaking days!Cons: this was hard for me to list!----------Resource hog in high detailed parks-Some crowds get mad too easily-Sometimes difficult to manage Loan system-Employees will sometimes get unhappy too quickly-Takes a fortnight and a half to build a small simple parkAltogether though, this game is incredible and is worth the 45$ and is even more of a steal when you get it on sale at 25-30$ i gove it a solid 9/10 and when i get the proper RAM to play it with, there is no doubt in my mind that this will be one of my only 10/10 games to ever own! i love and praise this game and hope as it grows in size, it grows in popularity! Frontier really put their heart and soul into it and deserve all the recognition and love for what a lovely job they have done! and after all, what other game has ever made you feel so much nostalgia that you almost cry as you watch the trailer!"
76561198275954082,Recommended,493340,29938256,Posted: 15 February,all,BOT ARNOLD,For the funs of Rollercoaster Tycoon and not only ! My 7 years old loves to play and place Clowns toilets !
,Recommended,493340,29970141,Posted: 16 February,all,frohedadrine,"This is a glorious sandbox. More or less anything you can imagine you can build, and the level of detailing in the world is incredible. Frontier's responsiveness to the community and ongoing support of the game is also notable and excellent. Building, terraforming and coaster design are all well thought out and well implemented, though it is definitely worth spending some time watching videos from the best of the community. If you want to make something beautiful and see people interact with it realistically then you should be buying this.If your first buildings look horrible and compared to someone like Silvarret they look like a hot mess, keep at it! Or use the vast library in the workshop for inspiration (you can take everything apart to see how it was made) or to fill your park.As a simulation, however, it is not perfect. If you are expecting deep management strategy this isn't the game for you as customer demand is a bit weird, there isn't enough selectiveness on the rides, some of the mechanics like prestige, queue length and shop demand are still being worked on, there is no external competition, and moneymaking is trivial. This isn't that different to the RCT series where you could shuttle loop your way through any problem, but is a bit disappointing. Frontier promises they are working on it and the game is regularly updated with tweaks (and massive new content including the Winter update and the forthcoming April free DLC)."
76561198362880488,Recommended,493340,30156070,Posted: 24 February,all,JBrockstar,"This game is brilliant - was a long time Rollercoaster Tycoon Fan, not anymore. Its all about Planet Coaster!!!"
,Recommended,493340,30392113,Posted: 8 March,all,ruben,I love planet Coaster as it brought back the joy of playing with a theme park like in the old days.
76561198195310451,Recommended,493340,30587934,Posted: 18 March,all,_Byakugan_,"Great game..Wish it had a laptop mode for some of us lower end users but it still works fairly ok :)Great working and one of the best coaster games ive ever played, deffo worth the money.Looking forward to future updates and releases."
76561198111058051,Recommended,493340,30816605,Posted: 29 March,all,icebev555,"I love how you can make any type of roller coaster you want, but I have realised that I will never be a good ride designer due to the amount of vomit in my park..."
76561198077943699,Recommended,493340,33349850,Posted: 7 July,all,Shrimp,"Gold, just ♥♥♥♥ing GOLD!Maybe not a hardcore Eco-Sim. But the Sandbox kills them all, never saw a game with this amounth of possibilities.I dont know a single Game that is more Flexible in creating.Grafik ist good as hell, also perforamnce. I hope they dont ♥♥♥♥ it up with the time (DLCs)."
,Recommended,493340,27215862,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ess,Great Game!
,Recommended,493340,27242006,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Xaryn_,"This game is a wonderfully beautiful, incredibly detailed simulation game. Not only does it feature intuitive and simple controls, it also allows even the newest players create buildings and coasters as easily as the pro's make it look.The game has several modes, including Campaign, Sandbox and Challenge mode. I personally prefer the freedoms of Sandbox mode, but I have given the campaigns a shot. The most captivating part of the game is it's design. It, along with the sound design, work effortlessly to draw the player in, encouraging them to play for longer and longer.The controls, as mentioned, are simple and intuitive, especially as you become more familiarised with them. They allow you to design and create the most intricate of buildings or the simplest of coasters, easily. This system is made all the more enjoyable when you are able to save and duplicate your designs as blueprints for use across any park. Pair this with the Steam Workshop integration and suddenly you find that you can fill your park with loads of scenery. buildings and coasters, without having to even place down an individual piece of scenery.Overall, with the acknowledgement of the few bugs in the game, and the sometimes tricky path placement system, the game stands out as a beautiful piece of art, and a brilliant simulation game. Definitely reccomended to those who loved the previous RCT games for the building aspect, and even for those who didn't."
76561198003175671,Recommended,493340,27472229,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Maverick,I'll keep it short.Pro's- Great sound design- Creativity is rewarded- Gorgeous textures- Endless possibilities- Custom music for ridesCon's- Controls are sometimes finnicky- Misses some functions and objects that would truly unlock the creative potential( i.e. itemscaling)- Management needs improvement- Game is a bit easyThe game will probably be updated along the road but overall this game is definitely worth it if you like being creative!
,Recommended,493340,27499361,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dra0gon,Spent 6 hours placing trees. 10/10
,Recommended,493340,27499874,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,confusedmonkeys,"Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 was a game that I loved. Planet Coaster is the long awaited sequel to Rollercoaster Tycoon 3. If you enjoy sandbox building games, being creative and rollercoasters then do not hesitate to get this game."
,Recommended,493340,27546044,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Saddam - سور کا گوشت,RCT3 sequal. But a good one. Thats all you need to know.
,Recommended,493340,27578230,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ace,It's like Roller Coaster Tycoon on crack. If you like(d) those games then you're sure to love this.
76561198075805522,Recommended,493340,27755082,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,danjoehow,"No less than twelve years after the release of the last theme park sim that wasn't a total joke, Planet Coaster rises from the once best-selling genre's ashes. Better late than never, because it is quite simply put marvelous.Take Rollercoaster Tycoon 3, amp up the already aged-well 2004 graphics, add more versatile landscaping and building tools, unfortunately take away significant diversity in shops and scenery items, and you've roughly got yourself Planet Coaster.It would seem like a carbon copy of its predecessor, if it wasn't for the rich, luscious graphics. The game has such a pretty face. Riding the rollercoaster cam at ultra settings looks absolutely amazing. The developers clearly did their research. I dare even say at least some people in the project really love theme parks.The sound is just as good. Brakes hiss appropriately, the anti-rollback system sounds are diverse and very satisfying to listen to. Guests' screams are a bit subdued to be honest. It's like they think being catapulted to 80 mph in three seconds is kind of dull. The soundtrack, while catchy, is a little too Earth anthem-y for me.Enough positivity, on to the areas could use some polishing.For starters, it's currently just plain 'ol buggy. Mechanics sometimes get trapped forever trying to fix a ride, rollercoaster are frequently stuck forever in their station while testing, requiring I restart the game. The excitement and fear rating system is just all over the place, frequently having no problems with questionably sharp turns, but classifying smooth hills or even straight pieces of track travelled at moderate speed as very scary and intense.Souvenir shops just don't really work for me, perpetually losing money while food and drink outlets around them are queued up, no matter the price set for their wares.Some elements are also just a little iffy. The staff management mechanics are literally tedious the first playthrough. Perhaps more importantly, non-optional. It's just completely linear and unchallenging. Rollercoasters are dispatched rather slowly, possibly due to balancing reasons. But now it's animated in a way where guests will only board a train when all the previous riders have left the platform. It just looks very odd considering the massive suspension of disbelieve in this game.There is no way to close all rides at once, guests will walk three quarters of a circle to exit certain rides, breakdowns are obnoxiously frequent on certain rides. Maybe abstractly realistic design in case of the dive machine ;) but not fun whatsoever.However, Frontier has already released a patch within a week of release, and they are responding quickly to bug reports on their forums.The bottom line is that Planet Coaster is easily the best at what it does. That position is not even close to being contested. It would seem Frontier has a huge, resounding success on their hands, and I have full confidence they'll be adding, and ironing out the kinks for a long while. Some quality expansion packs would go over well quite well too, I believe, not least considering the game’s moderate launch price.I would like to add, that one of the chief complaints I've heard about the game, the generally lacking management, is a bit odd. It's not a turn-based strategy game where every move you make should be efficient. It's a sim, and if you're making too much profit doing business, just charge people less.. Right? The current systems are just too similar to RCT3 to be considered actively worse. Not that I wouldn't love lots of added complexity, of course."
76561198006568083,Recommended,493340,28005027,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Thrashers1029,This is the game Roller Coaster Tycoon World should have been. Well done! Worth every penny.
76561198268842437,Recommended,493340,28818246,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,danek cz /hellcase.com/,best game ever ;)
76561198047029835,Recommended,493340,29194750,Posted: 11 January,all,Wanker,"Planet coaster, where do i begin...Well i guess i'll start from my childhood. From my younger years i have always been a fan of rct, rct2 and rct3. These games allowed me to partake in a dream i have always had, to run my very own theme park. These games were my life, a way to unwind from stress and depression. It has since been 12 years since the release of a rollercoaster tycoon game (not counting ataris most recent♥♥♥♥♥♥ that has kept me hooked so much.Fast forward to late 2015 i see an announcement trailer for a game called planet coaster, now at this point i didn't even know that fronteir (Makers of rct3 and rct2 expansions) were working on it. this was a grand time for me and of course i opted into the early bird alpha edition of the game. thew game was limited at firsat however showed the promise of which they were going to take the game. As such i have enjoyed the alpha journey exploring every update and watching every dev stream to see what was too be avalable and what would be coming soon.Now jump to late 2016-2017 the release of the game has been the most amazing experience of all the months prior. Planet coaster is the true rebirth of the theme park sim. Planet coaster is warm, cheerful and full of life, everything a theme park sim should be. An just like in the previous game it all comes down to your play style and how you tackle the problems set before you. the sound design of the game is top notch with a wonderfully artistic and creative soundtrack to get your creative mind racing and keep you hooked (It's worked on me iv'e got like 200+ hours on this game).In the end this game is a dream come true, 12 years is a long wait but with the dedication that frontier has put in has made the wait all much more worth it.10/10"
76561198029582777,Recommended,493340,29288515,Posted: 15 January,all,djwolf101,As a replacement for RCT Planet Coaster is much better. It's not even in the same realm as RTC. and should not be compared to it any longer. Farwell RTC it was nice knowing you. But you dropped the ball and Planet Coaster is the new boss in town.Pros: The game is really beautiful. The rides look amazing even the smallest of details. You can make anything you can dream of. There is a ton of content to add from the workshop. This is a fantastic game in most all aspects. Its highly addictive and will cause you to dream of it too.Cons: The controlls to get arround and build things takes some practise. The game is a graphic CPU hog. You better have a good PC just to even run it on the low setting. A few bugs need worked out like people sometimes walking through each other. And the day changes go to fast even on the slow setting. I want to enjoy sunrise and sunset over time....but the days roll by really fast. Night only last for a minute or less. That seems strange that time of day goes by so fast.The sheer glory of this game out weighs any cons. I am sure the controlls will be tweeked with future updates.This game is worth the price and you will enjoy many hours of creation. The perfect game for those long winter nights or when you want to forget about the person you broke up with. This game is simply excellent! It has what you have been looking for in the Amusment Park Sim.Planet Coaster is the new and well deserved leader in this genre!
76561198033395447,Recommended,493340,29320777,Posted: 17 January,all,Clever28nj,"Wow, addictive game!The attention to detail, the level of customization... Incredible.I love how much fun I'm having, and I'm sorry if this isn't a more detailed review, but good is good, and this is a good game!However, I'll give it a knock because I wish it didn't run my PC so hard, but oh well that's what fans are for, right?"
,Recommended,493340,29597683,Posted: 30 January,all,LJMLogan™,"Time: 10:00 PMMe: Im gonna build a rollercoaster! When im done, I need to go to bed. I have an important day tomorrow!*Spends 15 minutes deciding on what type of coaster to build**Spends 45 minutes building the ride*Ratings of RideExcitement : 1.63Fear: 14.21Nausea: 6.73(A.K.A. A very bad ride)*Spends 30 minutes fixing all of the parts that cause the ride to suck*Excitement: 7.49Fear: 5.13Nausea 4.15(A.K.A. Very good)Me: Ok now that this is fixed, lets build a station!*Spends 40 minutes building a station*Scenery satisfaction: 12%Me: That could be worse, lets put a cave at one part of the ride and add a bit more detail to the station.*Spends an hour making Cave because the scenery is not cooperationg + im being a dumba$$*Me: Ok so now because of the high nausea of the ride, lets build a medic stand!*Spends 15 minutes decorating a tiny medic stand*Me: Now the Rollercoaster is taking up all of the geusts so lets build some small rides!*Puts every type of small ride in the park*Me: Well now that that is done, its time to go to bed! Big day tomorrow!Time 3:30 AM.Me: Crap.10/10 This time suck is larger than the Rollercoaster I built."
,Recommended,493340,29776302,Posted: 7 February,all,Knight Rider,Really loving this game! The ability to make more realistic parks and coasters is something the theme park community has been needing for a long time! Awesome job Frontier! Now if you could only just add a feature so railroads can actuallu have a crossing for the path like real theme parks have! :)
76561197966302449,Recommended,493340,26648095,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Falcore,Easily the most amazing theme park sandbox you will ever play. And by far one of the BEST sandbox games ever created. Your imagination is your limit!Take a look at my insane coaster ride! Took me 14 hours to produce!https://youtu.be/vP0M2c_Aw4w
,Recommended,493340,26673507,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Fused,See it as a reloaded RCT3 with good graphics. It runs really well and making buildings is a lot more customisable than previous titles. Overall an overwhelmingly pleasing game! Keep it up Frontier!
,Recommended,493340,26667194,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,💕 𝓐𝓶𝔂 💕,This is the spiritual successor to the Rollercoaster Tycoon franchise and is developed by the same studio.The game focusses on a multiplayer sharing aspect and you have your own avatar on the earth in which you can view everyones published creations aswell as publish your own for everyone else to enjoy. There is also a featured creators list so you can quickly find good user created content.The game feels very much like Little Big Planet mixed with Rollercoaster Tycoon and its a very exciting combination and I look forward to the future of this game!highly recommended!
76561198060154505,Recommended,493340,31081567,Posted: 11 April,all,Tataboj,The best theme park tycoon to date.
,Recommended,493340,26675743,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,RelicPieGuy,Spent a hour building a queue. 10/10
,Recommended,493340,28831274,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Frizzy,Good game! Needs a lot of time put into to achieve something good aesthetically! Good amount of user created rides in workshop! 10/10
,Recommended,493340,27027737,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Damahr,This game is amazing. It's like Rollercoaster Tycoon on steroids!
,Recommended,493340,26773521,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[WTF]mike,"This is the roller coaster game you always wanted, you will be saying just 5 more minutes every time you have something to do."
,Recommended,493340,27565372,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ダパール-003,What rct world should've been.
76561198041211196,Recommended,493340,26696949,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,MrToTo83,This is a great coaster game. Decided to purchase it after being disapointed with RCTW. Glad I made the switch! Better Graphics and game play!
,Recommended,493340,27702572,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Draco,Really Nice Game. Possibilities are huge! Build for 5 hours and finally you got yourself a nice entrance lol 10/10
,Recommended,493340,26883625,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lokjaw,"Great building game!  Beautiful!  Not much management though and that keeps it from true greatness.  If you love to build theme parks, this is a dream come true though."
,Recommended,493340,28829843,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jonda,Amazing park simulation game that is highly recommended if you liked the Rollercoaster Tycoon series. At first I was a little bit dissapointed at them going to release dlc but in my opinion I think it is very well executed and affordable for everyone. Great Job and keep up the good work!!!
,Recommended,493340,29497073,Posted: 25 January,all,scisco,"An incredibly fulfilling sandbox theme park game.  The only complaint is that it is more sandbox than game.  With continued support, this game will be around and popular for a long time."
,Recommended,493340,27330855,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dima,Its pretty great
,Recommended,493340,28453052,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Diamond Dino 64,"A great theme park creation game (one of the best i've seen!). It lets you build rollercoasters of lots of shapes, sizes, loops and rolls build shops and I love the fact that it lets you play around with every little detail from prices of tickets and food to the exact angle of pathway and track.Highly recommended, 5 stars, 10/10, 100%!EDIT - It would also be good if you added hotels and accomodation for people"
,Recommended,493340,32872006,Posted: 27 June,all,JustBrownie,Perfect. Just perfect.
,Recommended,493340,28549019,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,-Rysho-,To be honest I hesitated on buying this due to the unbridled mess that was RCT3 but I'm sure glad i did.
,Recommended,493340,28100238,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,FoldupJosh,RCT is dead to me!!! Planet Coaster is the way forward!!! Nominating for as many awards as possible!!! have some more exclamations !!!!! !!! !!
,Recommended,493340,26666849,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Doctor of Bootyology,"Just wanted to add a positive review, this one deserves it. Needs more themes, but you can already do sooooo much with the ones currently in the game. Management is fleshed out nicely. Game is already great."
,Recommended,493340,26671539,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,☢ DatsyUK,"I used to spend hours upon hours on rollercoaster tycoon games, and this feels like the ascension of that franchise; with better graphics, content and creativity.I've spent very little time on this game so far, but can see myself losing a lot of time playing it.Right now; more content could be added, although that is kind of subsidised by the creative elements with coasters etc...All in all, highly recommend and i'm going to go lose the next few weeks of my life playing this xD"
,Recommended,493340,26671748,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,CornishCracker,"Whoooaaaaa ohhhhhh ahhhh hooooooFrontier have laid great foundations to explore creativity with this game.The music, the graphics, the UI and presentation is tip top.The game does seem a bit easy in regards to maintaining your park and generating a profit. I'm sure some balancing in the future could implement a bigger challenge for the players who enjoy Tycoon elements within games.If this title follows the same success as Elite Dangerous, then I imagine the post launch support will be superb.I can fully recommend buying this game if you enjoy park builders and nice visuals."
76561198140670247,Recommended,493340,26671465,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,CrimsonDouche,"Wow I mean Wow. If you liked RCT2, RCT3, Thrillville and your waiting for the next best thing then STOP searching. The wait is over. Frontier have done it again and brought us Planet Coaster. They've hit the nail on the ******* head.Googleplex/10"
,Recommended,493340,30833299,Posted: 30 March,all,[SS] Smidge,"Awesome game!Growing up playing all the rollercoaster/zoo tycoon games then playing this 10+ years later is amazing.There is so much customization its unreal you can do whatever you like, pumped for the update that comes late april.Great chill out game."
76561197997878492,Recommended,493340,28116609,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,motorboyreigns,"Bought roller coaster tycoon world, absolutely horrible, bought this game as well, you cant compare them both, Planet coaster came out after roller coaster tycoon and they already released a patch and new content, rctw, NOTHING. 5 stars for Planet Coaster."
76561198089503954,Recommended,493340,28118566,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Silhouette,Fantastic game! Really love it!
,Recommended,493340,28000542,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SleepyStar☆,"As far as amusement park simulators go, this is everything we would expect and more, and that isn't just the RollerCoaster Tycoon nostalgia talking. Equally strong in terms of both the management simulation and the park building, Planet Coaster caters to a wide audience. The various difficulty levels also make the game accessible to both casual and fervent players alike. The online option will only further enhance gameplay, especially with the ability to tweak any content that you download yourself. When it comes to making a spiritual successor to RollerCoaster Tycoon, Frontier has really hit the ball out of the (amusement) park."
76561198054405917,Recommended,493340,28119026,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,WOULFMAN96,"This game is seriously good. It's everything I could've asked for after RCT3.The coasterbuilder is challenging, but even if you're not used to it, it helps you create really smooth coasters. I have been playing a lot of Nolimits2 and I must say the coasterbuilder in Planet Coaster is almost as good, but easier to get into.The look of this game is gorgeous. Frontier have made a good piece of eye-candy with this game. I also like the more cartoony look of the guests.So yeah, I really, highly, recommend this game to any themapark/coaster lover. And I mean, come on, it's not like there is any competition in this genre *cough* RCTW sucks *cough*"
76561197970720161,Recommended,493340,26747653,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Game_Dude,"More than simply a Rollercoaster Sim, this is a true Theme Park Simulator. It includes obviously managing the park, researching new technologies (attractions, service buildings, coasters, ..), placing attractions and decorating them with many different object and themes, up to creating all sorts of crazy, looping, tunnelling etc. rollercoasters. Terrain can be edited, lakes, rivers, ponds created. Coaster goes through it. A huge amount of special effect like fire bursts, water splashes, electricity etc. can be connected to events like a coaster wagon passing a certain point (->Dragon Breathes fire), and all sorts of craziness. Building is intuitive and reminds one much of The Sims. If you're not much of a creator you can download a plethora of workshop items, coasters, etc. from other players, or upload your own, if you are. There is a carreer, a challenge and ofc the sandbox mode to your disposal. All in all, if you liked Theme Park and Roller Coaster Tycoon this is your dream come true!"
,Recommended,493340,28120681,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Fundibalus,Nice!
,Recommended,493340,28002194,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Frat Star Protegè,Nothing else to say than get this game. Worth the $45
,Recommended,493340,28003087,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NeonHeartJesus,"This game is the best and most realized vision of what theme park building games are supposed to be. The true succesor to RCT3, everything is in line with what you'd expect the sequel to be. Building is just as fun as it's supposed to be. In fact, this is, in my opinion, a pinnacle of simulation games in the context of it's genre. If you're worried that maybe it's not great because of the reviews of another recently released game, remember, this studio developed the previous RCT games.If you liked RCT, this is the game you've been waiting for."
,Recommended,493340,28000514,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RandyK,pretty dope
76561198055062051,Recommended,493340,28002952,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Broskkii70,"This is the first game I have reviewed.  It is a really fun game even with the minor bugs here and there, but Frontier patches them out pretty quick.  I put 25 hours into this game over the first weekend and am really enjoying the creativity that you are allowed to explore.  The only downside to this game is the challenge/career mode could use a patch to increase difficulty.  10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,493340,26742254,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,coops,"Be careful, especially those of you who have trouble stepping away from tasks, like myself.Eleven out of the last 24 hours have been spent playing this game; I accomplished absolutely nothing today, apart from seeing my very first park to completion. Success!10/10"
,Recommended,493340,26647286,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,acare84,"Planet Coaster is the true successor of Roller Coaster Tycoon 3. It is an amazing theme park building simulation, every aspect of the game is great and really well done thanks to Frontier Developments. If you like management games you should really consider buying Planet Coaster. In the game you can customize everything however you like.Also game's optimization is also good, if you have mid range PC's you can also play the game very well. And finally soundtrack is awesome! You can listen game's soundtrack outside of the game too. Anyway I hope Frontier Developments will support the game for the years and make it even better. Now it's time to build my legendary theme park!"
,Recommended,493340,33797236,Posted: 25 July,all,H0B0Byter99,Holy crap! This is a great game. If you liked the RTC games from back then and don't like what Atari did with the franchise you'll love Planet Coaster. For sure worth the money! Great community and they update the game with awesome updates. I'm considering the DLC.
76561197964998955,Recommended,493340,33786284,Posted: 25 July,all,Mr Fox,The level of content for this game is absolutely unreal. The only thing stopping you from making whatever you like is your imagination and patience
76561198344098378,Recommended,493340,32847734,Posted: 27 June,all,trisney,the best theme park game ever made ;)
,Recommended,493340,32847694,Posted: 27 June,all,PuddingPDM,"You can make what you like, you just need to know what you want to make. This game is better than a pudding can describe."
76561198071475652,Recommended,493340,29528304,Posted: 27 January,all,MikeDs87,"For a long time, i've been wanting to find a game which was as addictive as Rollercoaster Tycoon was back in the day and then came Planet Coaster. This game is everything i've ever wanted in a theme park building simulator. This game allows your imagination to run wild. There is a slight learning curve with the more in deph customization tools but once you get the hang of it you'll spend hours just designing your own rollercoasters or food stands. I highly recommend this game only if you have a bit of free time to invest in learning everything it has to offer so you can experience everything Planet Coaster has to offer."
76561198290026644,Recommended,493340,29532480,Posted: 27 January,all,nedshneeebly,"Amazing to see how far we've come from RCT. This game has blown me away so far. The content people are creating for this game is ridiculous. I'm overwhelmed by how gorgeous this game is, the visuals are stunning. If you're a fan of the Sims or any of the RCT series, get this game. Trust me, it's legit."
,Recommended,493340,29532613,Posted: 27 January,all,Lil Jump,"It's a very good game, if I do say so myself. It has its flaws, but it's worth the price they're asking for. Choose from a wide variety of rides and not to mention all the enviroments, characters, flora, props and everything that makes rollercoaster simulator games awesome. Psst, don't even think about getting this game with anything less than what can be considered a ""gaming PC"", because you'll probably get bad framerates, and crashing."
76561198016983378,Recommended,493340,32848659,Posted: 27 June,all,BIG SHNEE,This games so well made finally a game with amazing graphics brilliant AI and actully worth full price! I just hope they bring out loads of DLC for this like the old rollercoaster tycoon games! well worth a purchase is this 1! even my girl friend loves it lol!
76561198083310978,Recommended,493340,29610428,Posted: 31 January,all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"A great revival of the classic Rollercoaster tycoon games, with more challenging in depth mechanics and beautiful visuals."
76561198289578104,Recommended,493340,29603461,Posted: 31 January,all,triforce00100,"Planet CoasterPros: -graphic are wonderful even on low settings- its nice that you can either completely build your park the way you want or use pre-made buildings- replay value is good- Can play for hours at a time without realizing ( lol could be a bad thing)Cons: -kinda difficult to learn the controls-the controls sometimes act up-this is just my personal experience but the game tends to crash a few too many times... make sure you save a lot!- does seem to have a game bug where customers will refuse to ride anything no matter the price or ride ratingAll in all I would say that is is a good game that has flaws like anytother game out on the market. With a little patience, some pratice and many many saves you can get great results.Seriously make sure to save!"
,Recommended,493340,33184588,Posted: 3 July,all,El DaGGerino,"Very nice game, lots of fun and easy to begin with."
76561198046912447,Recommended,493340,26697729,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,victorpang430,One Sentence: For Creators but not for managers.
76561198036112153,Recommended,493340,34050798,Posted: 5 August,all,dspence6,Absolutely love this game! Brings back the nostalgia of playing Roller Coaster Tycoon but is a better and more modern game.
76561198146458504,Recommended,493340,29677800,Posted: 3 February,all,mco301301,"Cautiously recomending this game- With the caveat that you must have a high end gaming system to play this. Once you get about 10 hours into the game and your park gets a few coasters the FPS drop significantly. My computer (i5, 750Ti, 16gb RAM) was at about 5 FPS on the LOWEST settings. I have no problems playing any major titles on Steam, this is the only one that gave me issues. I was able to run it on Highest at the start of the game and it looked beautiful, but once the park fills with people the game just cannot handle it. I serioiusly wonder if there is a computer out there that could run this game on high settings with a medium-large park.Other than the performance stuff, this game is amazing. Great design, tons to do and manage, you can ride the costers as you test them in first person. Pretty much everything you could want in a Theme park game. Too bad its terribly unoptimized. After 10 hours of play im giving it up because playing this game at 5FPS is infuriating.UPDATE:I upgraded to a new computer. i7, gtx1060,16RAM, all that stuff. Game still lags when the park gets big enough. Its tough to play knowing the longer you play the more the game will lag. But If you limit the cutomers in the park you will lose money, so thats not a good option. Hope they can optimize this game more, it relly has potential"
76561198032644443,Recommended,493340,26753575,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Skela,"Been following coaster games for years and always thought the rollercoaster tycoon games were always the best and way ahead of any others..things have changed.I have both Planet Coaster and Rollercoaster Tycoon World and this simply woops RCT World!Made by frontier who were involved in RCT3 and have simply made it better!If you are finding hard to decide between Planet Coaster and RCT World, look no further, Planet Coaster is the one!"
,Recommended,493340,26753827,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jwsoat14980,The BEST theme park management gameif i had to rate rollercoaster tycoon world aganist this rollercoaster tycoon would get 1/10 and this would get 100/10
,Recommended,493340,26754185,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Mr-Tiddels,"If you're a fan of older games such as Roller Coaster Tycoon, 2 and 3 then you will love this.Some of the campaign scenarios have a few game crashing bugs but i'm sure they will be sorted soon but it does not affect the game in a way that makes it unplayable.I think the Steam Workshop is a massive plus in this game as it expands on the existing content to give you much more to play with.I haven't tried the sandbox mode yet as i'm still going through the campaign but im hopeful it's just as good as RCTOverall definitely worth picking up from what i've played. 8/10"
76561198006744132,Recommended,493340,28170798,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,FarmerJock,As is 3/5 stars. needs maturing but really good......still playring. why does everything not in the base backround have a white line around it. and their textures arent blending into the world tectures. Look at the coaster in pirate cove everything has a white boarder.Still playing. and i will probably do a couple hundred hours work permitting...lol.
,Recommended,493340,28362055,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ultrasbm,"I used to play Theme Park on the Amiga back in the mid 90's, and I have been waiting for a game that even came close to it.I wanted to have all the fun of Theme Park, but with the ability to ""ride"" the rides which I had made - not some pre-rendered video which the developers made a few months before release!This game has COMPLETELY and UTTERLY rocked my world!! This is everything the original Bullfrog Masterpiece was - AND MORE!!!If you enjoyed Theme Park even in the slightest, then you should buy this game RIGHT NOW!If you don't have a PC capable of playing it - GO AND BUY ONE! This game is worth every. single. penny!!!"
76561198215437895,Recommended,493340,29687397,Posted: 4 February,all,LuciferrVI,"I highly enjoy this game, the creators keep coming out with new stuff regularly and updates to ensure the game is running pretty nicely.I highly recommend this game, it's got kind of a learning curve to it, but just look up some YouTube how to videos, you'll be making fantastic themed rides and shops in no time.Happy building!!! <3"
,Recommended,493340,30970849,Posted: 5 April,all,cr47t,"As a old fan of the Rollercoaster Tycoon games, I reccomend Planet Coaster if you enjoy roller coasters, theme parks, or building things. It has a lot of features that make it's technology a step up from the RCT games yet keeps the simple enjoyment of theme park creation and management. In addition, Planet Coaster allows, with the removal of a square grid (present in the RCT games), a much more versatile enviroment to do so. Overall Planet Coaster is perhaps the best of the new theme park management games coming out on Steam, and I urge you to give it a try (if not now due to money issues, then when it goes on sale)."
,Recommended,493340,29711112,Posted: 4 February,all,Scoopy,i enjoy
76561198124803690,Recommended,493340,29714719,Posted: 5 February,all,不···不要···那里不要···,good game!
76561198101435692,Recommended,493340,26677405,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,craftyblu,"best coaster game I've ever playedThe game has been out for a while and I just have to add, cudos to the dev team for making all the updates free with no DLC paywalls. That's really nice of them to add free content in the form of updates like that. It's not even free DLC. It's just an update. More devs should be like them."
,Recommended,493340,26677462,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Ageia,Honest so far it's a great game possibly my GOTY for 2016It improves/expands on pretty much everything from the previous Roller coaster tycoons the only thing it needs now is some more rides and some shops plus the challenge needs to be tweaked but I'm sure that'll be changed in timeNow go buy it
,Recommended,493340,26677517,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Jesuit Priest,"The game is really well made, I recommend this for anyone who enjoys these kinda games"
,Recommended,493340,28170499,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Ackley14,"I've been a fan of the RollerCoaster Tycoon series since the second, so many years ago. This is a game in the same vein, yes. Planet Coaster however is more than just a 'management simulator'. The goal has been shifted away from making an ultra-efficent mega-park designed to suck people in and keep them there spending every dime. Instead, it inspires creativity. Favoring a Pretty scene over a functional one. There are a near limitless number of tools at your disposal and the engine is incredibly capable. Some smaller scenes in parks i've made had over 150 Highly detailed objects with no noticeable frame rate issues. The game is designed to be gorgeous and rewards you when you make something beautiful. Planet coaster however is not just about making a pretty park. That may be very important, but creating a fun and enjoyable park for your guests is equally nescesary. Just as you'd expect of a themepark management game such as this.One concern I had, going into Planet Coaster, was ""would i be able to make the crazy gorgeous things i've seen some of these people online making??? will I be able to make something pretty?"" I've got almost no artistic tallent what so ever. I do however, have a lot of patience, and a working set of eyes. With those two things, and the tools given to you, making something pretty, isn't really that hard. Half the work is already done for you, It just comes down to putting togeather the pieces how you want them. The foliage, the animatronics, the building blocks. Everything is designed with modularity in mind. you could have 50 of the same bush in a field all next to eachother and it would still look decent! The parts you are given are fantastically created! They make creating your own structures, scenes, and other local with a simple vision in mind, that much easier.The coaster building is another robust aspect of this game. Some might point to other games sporting shiny point to point systems of building. That's fine and all but the system's in Planet Coaster are based heavily on the systems of the RTC series and reflect that. They are super intuitive to use. Its incredibly easy to tweak a ride to run just how you like it. On top of that, the library of track arangements to add flair to your ride is phenomonal and can help make a boring track into an exciting one!All and all, Planet Coaster is a fantastically beautiful addition to an amaznigly fun genre of games. I would however like to note that one gripe I do have is a lack of pre-made building/ride collections. I feel in a game that's so heavily reliant on pretty scenery, more pre-built collectives would be included. This issue however is VERY easily aleviated by its easy to use steam workshop integration.That said, It's a fantastic sim. Very enjoyable, also very time consuming as it's easy to get lost in your creation!If i had one thing for you to remember, it's that you don't need to be an artist in this game, to make something amazing. All it takes is time, patience, and the ability to scroll through a list of prefabs!"
76561198051311726,Recommended,493340,30973191,Posted: 5 April,all,theicewagon,Love this Game! I loved Roller coaster Tycoon years ago and the current Tycoon game has such poor ratings I immidately went to this game and never looked back. So much content and freedom to design. Highly recommend
76561198215751620,Recommended,493340,28441592,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,obrien.g.tim,"Best rollercoster game everbut it would be nice if you could use all textures in all maps and if there were sand box maps with mountains, rivers and gullys"
,Recommended,493340,30991620,Posted: 6 April,all,Alijah Simon,"It's missing some features, such as being able to cross a railroad and a pathway, but it's completeness and ease in other areas makes this the best park sim out there. (But not the best coaster sim, which still belongs to NL2.)"
76561198017970645,Recommended,493340,26703888,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Douglas,"This game is really good and very detailed, not in graphics only. I do not like to create stuff and worry about details, and still the game is a lot of fun. Besides what you can read on other reviews, here are some other details:- Game is extremelly well optmized. THe minimum requirements is 2Gb of graphics card ram, I have 1Gb and the game runs perfectly, no shuttering, no lag and very good appearance.- If you don't like day/night cycle you can select the exact time of day you want and freeze in that time.- Camera for rides are extremelly realistic even with headbubble effect.- Different than what negatives reviews say, the management part of the game is very good. You can even choose how much you want to dedicated to pay loans and change that at any time. How much you want to pay per month for each type of research (max 3 at a time). Raise/lower salaries, train employees, change prices of food and drinks. You can even decide if they go with ice, or ketchup, fries, etc.- You can refurbish rides, in other to increase their reliability when they are old. You can select amount of time for each inspection.- You can charge per ride, or per park entrance or both at the same time. Make marketing, etc.- The game loads extremelly fast. Even with a lot of workshop items. Its 10x faster than Cities Skylines. Very well coded.I recommend a lot."
,Recommended,493340,34451120,Posted: 23 August,all,yes,"I loved RCT3's Splash dlc, also liked playing RCT2 with water slide mods. Really hoping you guys make a Splash dlc with pools, waterslides, etc."
76561198258284503,Recommended,493340,33710770,Posted: 21 July,all,Videono,"For all those people out there who enjoy theme parks and management, this is the game to buy. It incorporates the need to balance your shops, rides and coasters equally whilst keeping your guests and staff happy. I enjoy this game and have spent over 200 hours playing. The cost may be pricey, but the content is endless. With countless updates adding updates and bug fixes, the game continues to become better. With the new 3 DLC's, even though they cost a little extra money, they add some iconic cars to the game. My final thoughts are that this game is 9.5/10."
,Recommended,493340,32832818,Posted: 26 June,all,Xetzy,"I wanted to make a cool looking entrance, I now have 30 hours in this game."
,Recommended,493340,29582915,Posted: 30 January,all,jerrysnake,"11/10, built a beautiful nature park where hours were spent on placing all my trees and rocks carefully and making sure that my waterfalls looked perfect, only to forget about placing bins or hiring janitors and having my park turn into a rubbish dump."
,Recommended,493340,26956730,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,YukiAkano,"I mean, there is not really much to say. The looks great and plays great.It is more on the creative side as on the simulation tho. But still, on of the best games 2016."
76561198287718377,Recommended,493340,29475684,Posted: 24 January,all,Energy892010,My game keeps crashing I have tried everything I really want to play the game
76561197999324431,Recommended,493340,27623024,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,StorkOD,"For new and old fans alike, Planet Coaster brings a refined experience of the Roller Coaster Tycoon series 1-3. Excellent visuals and charismatic design makes this one of the best games in the genre."
,Recommended,493340,27625494,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BAY,great sandbox game
,Recommended,493340,27630180,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Arno989,"This game is a bit of a struggle to get used to the controls but once you're starting to get it the game becomes more and more fun to play, I would definately recommend it"
76561198020713262,Recommended,493340,28097436,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Handsome Michael,"I have NEVER wrote review in the past, but this game worth my time to praise.This is such a great game, I have no word.Just spend your 45 dollor on this game NOW!!!! Worth EVERY PENNY!!!I just cant think of any negative about this game.Seriously, better than SEX!!CASE CLOSE, JUST BUY IT.GIVE MORE LOVE TO THE DEVELOPER.GOD TIER GAME."
,Recommended,493340,28170008,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,FreshlyBuilt,"This game is so fun! I cant believe you blew my head off with this game super smooth and REALLY fun! i have been playing like so much! your first trailer is good But game play is BETTER! i never seen that before and i am so happy i got it! and i am so happy that this game was made or released around black friday! its better then RCTW, planet coaster devs Your amazing! you should earn more then what you are!"
,Recommended,493340,28171245,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Gama [Zuperbuu],"I love sandbox games, I love building games, and I especially love building my own zoo and/or theme parks!So this game suits me very well; if you love sandbox builders, or were a fan of Roller Coaster Tycoon, I would recommend it...but the management side of the game isn't so good, so if you want a challenge I can't recommend it for you.EDIT: 17/12/16Whilst many issues have been fixed, as well as new content being added for free, a lot of the problems that occurred on my laptop still happen. The bugs below (minus the audio bug) no longer happen when run on a Desktop.+ Great building mechanics, takes some getting use to though so be sure to test everything first on sandbox mode.+ You can have several themes in the park, and not just roller coasters! Allows some nice variety.+ Textures and models are very nice.+ Music and SFX are nice (but also see below)+ Multiple modes that include Career, Challenge and Sandbox.+ Regular news updates, plus free content.+ Able to share, and use, uploaded rides and buildings from other users.+ You can Auto-complete tracks, which can be a real saver if you have a lot of buildings that are in the way.- Management of the park isn't that thrilling.- Making other themes besides the ones included is very time consuming.- Runs horribly slow on a laptop after building your first coaster, even on lowest settings.- Audio can overlay one another which ruins the ambience, and makes the nice SFX and music difficult to hear clearly.- Visitors will bottleneck if an entertainer is performing, causing a huge amount of lag from the congestion of people. Widening the pathways does not fix this.So the game has many flaws, but is still enjoyable enough to play. It didn't take too long to work out the controls but it did take me a while to make my own themed buildings, so just be prepared to invest time and patience into this game.3.5/5 (Good fun but time consuming and buggy)"
,Recommended,493340,28171340,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,nchamp1991,this has been a an excellent modern Coaster Park Sim and takes me back to all the Coaster Tycoon games i grew up with. definitely a good purchase.
,Recommended,493340,29713587,Posted: 5 February,all,Vernon Douglas,Great creative game. Fun
,Recommended,493340,30972688,Posted: 5 April,all,GayRetard,My 7 year old has logged 350 hours into this game. I guess it is good.
,Recommended,493340,26709073,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Nosoul_,This game is for those who wanted a REAL successor to RCT3. RCTWorld can go ♥♥♥♥ itself.
,Recommended,493340,29685634,Posted: 3 February,all,Mikey85875,"If you ever loved spending sunny afternoons inside playing any Rollercoaster Tycoon games, this is the roller coaster game you need now."
76561198122840119,Recommended,493340,26677322,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,pileofpixels,Takes me back to my Child hood. Forget Tycoon Planet is the way to go!
,Recommended,493340,26677325,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,DavidFromPhoenix,"Rollercoaster Tycoon World continued to be a disappointment, particularly the coaster-building experience, which you felt was almost there, but lacking some intangible ease and fun factor. Then, the parks weren't very engaging, the mechanics were odd, and management was too time-consuming and hit-or-miss.Thankfully, Planet Coaster was developed. It streamlines things that should be (opens shops automatically, sets prices for rides and attractions by default, etc), and the coaster builder is incredibly easy and yet versatile. Not quite as custom by default as RCTW's, but sometimes you want to have the ability to just snap at certain angles or build in a perfectly straight line with more control, and it allows for this.The rest of the game is awesome too, but the coaster builder is what made-or-broke the deal for me, and this game is tons of fun, and the coaster builder just works. True successor to the original RCT games."
,Recommended,493340,27553671,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SleepyWeasel,The true sequel to Roller Coaster Tycoon 3. One of the best sandbox games I've played. I was overwhelmed by the level of creativity given to you.
,Recommended,493340,28853176,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kintori,"Planet Coaster is a ""rollercoaster sandbox simulation"" game that excells in the sandbox and fails in the simulation. It is a fantastic buy for anyone looking to express their creativity by constructing unique and interesting rollercoasters, but not so much for anyone who is more interested in purchasing a money managing themepark simulator. Since I bought Planet Coaster with the former in mind and it excells in all the spots I'd expect out of a rollercoaster sandbox game, I give this a thumbs up."
76561197988847822,Recommended,493340,31155713,Posted: 15 April,all,Zwerke,Just look at the effort the devs make and their update history. Just look at it!
,Recommended,493340,27574516,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Clete2,This is the Cities: Skylines to Sim City (new). Don't get RCT: World. Get Planet Coaster. The developers are releasing frequent updates and I think this should be a great game for a long time to come.
,Recommended,493340,27181703,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kallam,"The campaign, park management and number of non-coaster rides is sadly a bit lacking at the moment.It needs some optimisation for the game engine as currently it's a resource hog and is the only game to really push my graphics card, so the fan actually becomes audible. I'm hopeful this will get fixed, they had a similar issue with the latest Elite expansion Horizons which Initially had drops to 15fps now runs a steady 60.I'll still recommend it, simply for the building side as that is its stand out feature. Hopefully with more rides, more involved management and a campaign which doesn't start with pre-built parks it will be the replacement for RCT 3 I've been looking for."
,Recommended,493340,27577194,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Comrade Reptar [OG],"Wow.Once you get a hang of the building and scenery utility, you can make almost anything.I'm working on a Space Pirate themed park right now.I lost an entire day designing the theming around a ride."
76561198070337204,Recommended,493340,27182113,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MrGamingRhino,not rollercoaster tycoon world
,Recommended,493340,27574007,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,EazyB,Great sandbox for designing the park and rides but lacking in management department. Incredible workshop support and frequent updates should make this the defacto theme park tycoon game over time.
,Recommended,493340,28687784,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Fidget Skinner Dickripper,"You can customize a coaster more than you can customize your character in Fallout 4.10/10. Also, RCT World is an abomination."
76561198083768212,Recommended,493340,28709762,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,alfie perriman,love this classic take on rct3 it is such a pleasure to play with really good controls
76561198041466606,Recommended,493340,28793552,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,nb2424,Great game
76561198258221340,Recommended,493340,29852631,Posted: 11 February,all,kerry@85,brill game :)
,Recommended,493340,28785720,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Justin,This game is amazing and worth the retail price. Enjoyed spending 15 hours designing a park entrance however there are still some bugs from the beta that need to be fixed and rides becoming completely useless as people stop riding them after a certain amount of time.
76561197962740348,Recommended,493340,27903370,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Merx,"Why can the guests not board a coaster/ride while the other guests are heading for the exit? Even if they are way clear of the coaster car? It slows everything down and ruins Queue management.Apart from that, great game.9.5/10, would relive childhood again."
,Recommended,493340,28690987,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mr Sheen,love this game. 10/10 - would play again.
,Recommended,493340,28698748,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Coffin Punch,I have a nice three day weekend coming up. Maybe I'll just go ahead and buy this g...aaaaaaaand it's Monday.
,Recommended,493340,28727543,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,PhantomJ,"As someone who enjoyed the Rollercoaster Tycoon Games, I can reccomend this game. There is so much depth and customization to the park creation system that you can make a unique theme park with ease. To be honest the lack of guidance at the start was a bit frustrating but it is a blast to make your own theme park."
,Recommended,493340,28781876,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kippy,"This game makes the entire Rollercoaster Tycoon series look like Thrillville.It certainly favours theme park and ride design over management, so if you come to these games for park management, this game probably isn't for you (check out Parkitect instead).  That said, if you're all about building the coolest rides or the most detailed theme parks, this is the game for you.All this game needs is OpenRCT2's multiplayer system, and I'd call it the perfect theme park game."
76561198239544952,Recommended,493340,27862857,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,abu kaubbias,rate 9/11
76561198173222741,Recommended,493340,28110699,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,nwallace78rzr,I recommend this game because it if sun and addictive.
,Recommended,493340,26972260,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DominantDinosaur,Outstanding work by the dev team!
,Recommended,493340,26964445,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Guccimus Mane LaFlaritus III,"It's rare that I ever say ""wow"" out loud when playing a game. It happened with Battlefield 3, Witcher 3, and now Planet Coaster. This game is THE amusement park simulator to beat. After a long 13 years the Roller Coaster Tycoon series has been dethroned. The amount of customization is insane. The graphics are among the best in any simulator game out there. It's time to say goodbye to RCT 3, and get addicted to Planet Coaster."
,Recommended,493340,27555827,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jackdks,This game sure is neat.
76561198071724942,Recommended,493340,29860033,Posted: 11 February,all,Latios,"So far, for the short time I have played it, it seems very solid. The customization is staggering to say the least...litteraly everything is possible to customize. I have run into a few snags however that I'd like to share.My first snag is the alerts about the park. Perhaps this is just me, but while building a ride I was having rather fun looking around, adding scenery...then I noticed I missed 9 alerts, three of which were complaints about bathrooms. My problem/solution...they need some sound. RC 1 and 2 you definatly got the message if something was wrong. There was a sound, text, and the bottom screen was a good message board. Here, I have a...very...very tiny bell icon. It's difficult to notice and keep track of, especialy when trying to make rides and figure out the game.Second the night skipping is a bit wonky. I'm sure there is a place to change the park's 'hours' but it dosen't seem to be much of an effect considering customers never leave... There isn't a visable need to have it and I'd rather it just continue through the night. Why there is much of an option for it seems unrequired to me.Third the pre-built shops, including the bathroom, are a bit large. I had some tight spaces I wanted to put shops but there isn't any pre-built small shops...kind of disapointing.Other then those it seems pretty okay. There's a lack of in-game tutorial that is also a primary consurn of mine when paying any video game. The price...a bit much, but not outragious. All in all I'd definatly pick it up if you love rollercoster sims."
,Recommended,493340,28099847,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,monocratic,I've played many Theme Park simulators going all the way back to RCT including the new RCTW and Parkitect.Let me start by saying you cannot compare Parkitect to this game as they are entirely different in the premise. I have absolutely no artistic ability to design a park like most others here that are so beautiful. I have a feeling this is game I will be playing for quite some time!
,Recommended,493340,26677334,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Frikkenator,"Very well designed and runs great, really not much more to add than that."
,Recommended,493340,26708973,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Pansarkanin,This game was really needed since Rollercoaster Tycoon World was complete crap. Planet Coaster basically succeded in every aspect where Rollercoaster Tycoon World failed. This is the best amusement park simulator since Rollercoaster Tycoon 2.
76561198018234046,Recommended,493340,26746460,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Smokefour20,ITS GOOD
,Recommended,493340,26753588,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Paul,"Really good game, everything I loved from RCT but in a really pretty package with a lot more too.Just like RCT close the park every so often to kick everyone out to get new people to pay to come in, not sure how you're supposed to make money from a theme park where people never leave!"
,Recommended,493340,26753876,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Discochat,"So, huh, it's not perfect but it's damn fun. Yeah, that's not that helpful.Ok, so precise management of a theme park, check. Riding your custom coasters, check. Beautiful and georgous graphics and music, check. Sandbox mode to build like you did in Minecraft on creative mode : check.Now, there's performance issues and the minimum requirements are kinda high, but it's totally worth it.Also, there's a free update to come before Christmas to add 4 more rides and debugging is underway.Dollars well spent."
,Recommended,493340,26754039,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Blizzard,There goes all my productivity for the next month.
,Recommended,493340,26754269,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jehsun,"I started following PLanet Coaster slightly after I was made aware of its existence after the awful experience that is roller coaster tycoon world. I can say confidently that if you are a fan of the theme park tycoon sub-genre you will get many hours out of this game! The only complaints I have to offer are that with custome rollercoaster you are restricted in some ways, not necessarily in what you can build, but creating an all out crazy coaster will likely make your coaster have too much fear and nauseasness making it less profitable than a coaster designed for a moderate thrill. I'd also very much appreciate in the future the ability to walk around the parks me and my friends create with my own avatar in first or third person views, even better would be allowing me to go into a friends park while they are building it to experience it while it develops. Finally my last nitpick is that career and challenge modes are opposite of what you'd typically expect. Career mode seems more like challenge mode to me, while challenge mode is the typically build up your park while you manage finances. Its really the least of any concerns of this game, but it bothers me far more than it should. Anyways if you enjoy thrill park type game such as Rollercoaster Tycoon or thrillville then youll enjoy this game, and I'd reccomend buying it!"
,Recommended,493340,26754345,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Sharky,If you want a theme park game then this is it. cant really fault it.
,Recommended,493340,28148825,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Hail King 5,"I normally do not give games second chances . When it was first realsed I IMIDEIATLY asked for a refund , not because the game aweful but because of the crashing , the lag , and mainly the TERRIBLY slow FPS (12) if i was lucky. A few weeks went by and I made the great decision to give it another try. I am running a GTX 1070 Graphics card and after I repurchased it , the lag and everything went away. (Probably because of performance updates) The game is a work of art , people complain about it not having a simulation of mangement . I disagree. I have been playong on Hard and it is the perfect amount of balancing money and rides. The game has so much detail , if you dream it I bet  you can create it in this amazing game. Imaginations run deep in this and what you can create is beyond anthing I expected from this game."
,Recommended,493340,27962927,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Space God,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXsQAXx_ao0&t=3s
76561198080079991,Recommended,493340,34028862,Posted: 4 August,all,johnnylight416,"If you ever loved the original Roller Coaster Tycoons, you'll love Planet Coaster. I hadn't played a Roller Coaster Tycoon game in a decade but once i bought this, I knew this was a proper successor.The management system is good, creating coasters is fairly easy, and you can do more than most people ever will. There are features I've never touched, but I don't feel like I've missed out. You can tinker with rides for hours. Creating a park from one of the given scenarios is an experience in itself. And going back and seeing your past parks is also a lot of fun."
,Recommended,493340,29513117,Posted: 26 January,all,JoeyZio,"Exactly what everyone has been waiting for RollerCoaster Tycoon to do. The game mechanics will be very familiar to anyone who has played a RollerCoaster Tycoon game in the past (or almost any Tycoon game, for that matter) -- so props to the development team for not only using the mechanics, but putting their own spin on it to make it even better.Highly addictive and fun game. Workshop support is awesome. Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,493340,30155406,Posted: 24 February,all,Pirate Turtle,I just want to start off with saying: This game is amazing. This game has everything I am looking for in a theme park builder/simulator/manager. It has great mechanics and beutiful graphics. You are able to do almost anything you could dream of(providing that your PC can keep up!).I recomend for you to get this game if you like:~City Building~Management~Sandbox BuildersGood luck to you all and build away!
,Recommended,493340,27534903,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jatze Anderson,Delivers what the devs promised and more. Fantastic graphics and addictive gameplay.
,Recommended,493340,27166938,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Julmarri™,Really great game:) really enjoying it:)
,Recommended,493340,26648109,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,mixxxi,"Finally, after more than 10 years there is a theme park game that can hold up to the high expectations I had since RCT3. At first i was a little bit sceptical about this game, everything I saw and read looked nice but I wasnt sure if there was a real, playable game behind it and not just some nice mechanics. When I then played the beta for the first time I was actually suprised. Sure I had watched many videos about PC, read all the articles and news about the features but I would not have thought that I would fell in love with this game after just a few hours. All the little details, all the love from the developers and all the granted suggestions from community wishes made the time I spent playing since a great experience! This game looks like everything I ever wanted for a themepark game. I see that there are still some minor flaws, for example it bugs me out sometimes that I dont have all the hundreds of coasters and attractions I had in RCT3 but after seeing how the attractions look and feel in PC I am ok with exchaning quantity for quality. If there will be DLC with more attractions I am greatly willing to pay money for it!This game fixed the scars RCTW has left and was the first game for years that really lead to me beeing lost in the game and forgetting everything around me, even when I just spent 2hours building scenery for a single ride.I know this review is really emotional and I havent had much time to play the complete game but I fell in love so quickly and I am so happy and thank full for this game that i had to write this review to give PlanetCoaster the reputation it deserves!"
,Recommended,493340,35346485,Posted: 30 September,all,✪ iPrologue csgobig.com,"Pros:1. Great Graphics2. Endless things to create and do3.SO MUCH FUNCons:1. A little pricy, would definitely only buy it on sale"
76561198295151124,Recommended,493340,28534566,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,UnlikleyPotato,"The game is really fun. There are many modes in the game including challenge sandbox and others. The decorations are amazing which makes it easy to make a great park. The game comes with default buildings in the blueprints if you are to lazy to build yourself. Definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes free build sandbox, or a little challenge. Overall this game is worth its money. One note though this game is very time consuming! If you want a good park  you have to dedicate time! This is not one of those games that you can breeze through. You have to take  your time to make a good park. Anyways still a good game!"
76561198011827209,Recommended,493340,29549583,Posted: 28 January,all,Loeg,"A great modern Roller Coaster Tychoon spiritual successor, with additional focus on the creative part."
76561198041478778,Recommended,493340,30194648,Posted: 26 February,all,Geckostate,"Best coaster game hands down and my favourite sand box game. Once you've got to grips with the building controls you'll be creating amazing buildings, props, rides and epic terrain. It feels like the creators made sure that every feature increased the fun factor and made sure nothing gets in the way of you being as creative as possible without any of the usual annoying theme park hang ups. Your imagination is the only limit to this game, oh and the lack of ground terrain, more sand and snow terrain please! But honestly that's the only minor con I can think of. The missions are great fun and just the right level of difficulty to make the gold objectives an enjoyable challenge. The creators obviously have great senses of humour as the park guests are just hilarious to watch them interact with the rides and those theme park entertainers have me cracked up, the derpy dinosaur especially! If you have the patience to build structures yourself then you'll get far more out of the game, if not, you can always just download some of the hundreds of blueprints other Planet Coaster creators have made so you don't have too."
,Recommended,493340,31075431,Posted: 11 April,all,1800PETMEDS,"this is more deserving of the title rct4 than that other corporate moneygrab peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is everything i dreamed of it being playing rct3 back in the mid 2000's.  For a while I was worried we'd never see this, but fortunately I was wrong.  I swear, this is like more of an art medium than a game."
76561198006457570,Recommended,493340,29557893,Posted: 28 January,all,KindGodKing,This game is great.Visually it looks and runs well.The overall experience is enjoyable.Up prices for max profit !
,Recommended,493340,29941035,Posted: 15 February,all,Meneerpoes,Best game ever!
,Recommended,493340,31048122,Posted: 9 April,all,[KLM Virtual - Owner] Hascast,The best rolercoaster/theme park building game i've ever played
,Recommended,493340,31049205,Posted: 9 April,all,Illuminerdy,"Great game, totally worth the price."
,Recommended,493340,29544051,Posted: 28 January,all,Buildageek,If you don't already have this game...GET IT. It soothes my OCD. If you do already have it... what are you doing here reading this. Go build something!
,Recommended,493340,32724230,Posted: 24 June,all,itzjustmem8,Best game for building your own theme park+the game does get a lot of cool updates.
,Recommended,493340,29940777,Posted: 15 February,all,Blur,"Planet Coaster is a great game, I have been playing it since it was released now and I don't have a LOT of hours but I have had my experience with it. If you love sandbox games where you build to your imagination, this is definitely your kind of game. If you played roller coaster tycoon of thrillville back in the day this game is that on steroids. What might be one of my favorite aspects of the game is the development team. I have never played a game where it is updated so frequently. They added a lot of things to the game for Christmas so I can't wait to see what's added at the other holidays. There is so much in the game that it's hard to get bored, especially if you are playing career mode where you must unlock stuff. If this is your kind of genre, buy the game!"
,Recommended,493340,31117201,Posted: 13 April,all,Eternal Dragon,"Great game so far, only issue I have with it is that staff gets unhappy in Sandbox mode, which is really annoying.Coming from RCT3 the tool used to build paths feels weird but allows for cleaner and nicer looks. Furthermore the graphics are great and there is some limited Steam Workshop support. It lacks modding which I find disappointing.Nice game overall."
,Recommended,493340,31122501,Posted: 13 April,all,Kommandant Jut,"This is an awesome game. I grew up playing Roller Coaster Tycoon 1 and eventually the 2nd and 3rd games.I feel that this game is a huge upgrade to the third RTC. This game has great mechanics, graphics, and scenic options.I am so happy that this game came out as amazing as it did.Sidenote: I personally like how the devs are releasing free new content in their updates no silly pricey DLC.10/10 Great job to the devs."
76561198037827006,Recommended,493340,31110340,Posted: 12 April,all,Cookiez-z,Amazing creative game that let your fantasy and build ideas flow. If you like this types of games you are gonna love this game
,Recommended,493340,26653589,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Tioga060,It's cool
,Recommended,493340,32539541,Posted: 18 June,all,MotherofDragons,"Its very good just ignore the new rollercoaster tycoon world this is where its at, Park building and landscapes shaping is awesome and with the steam workshop even better, Hands down best theme park game there is."
,Recommended,493340,26685085,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ioquatix,I haven't figured out how to create a death-trap yet.
,Recommended,493340,26726005,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Cosmos,This is the best roller coaster / theme park simulation game ever.  The spiritual successor to roller coaster tycoon.
,Recommended,493340,27082145,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,middric,I rather like this.
,Recommended,493340,27220786,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,☠ Asasin ☠,"Amazing title that truly lets you explore your creative side as you constantly improve your coaster and scenery building skills. Everything about it feels satisfying, from making your own buildings to beautify the toilets, to creating that one rockin' coaster. There are tools available that help you visualize test results from coasters to help you truly perfect the ride.As of right now (about a week after launch), the only improvements I can think of include adding more themes (right now there are about four or five), more set rides, and more ways to change rides to match the theme of the park."
,Recommended,493340,28130679,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Hellsend,"I'll put it simply.If you liked RCT3 but thought ""if it was just a bit more then"", look no further.This is a true masterpiece of the genre, tweaked to please you in every aspect !Starting off with a debt will be a challenge if you haven't played in a while. Don't despair, going big will get you there.If you like the genre then buy without an hesitation. Otherwise, I'd say this game is really worth the price but you can always put it on your wishlist and enjoy it later. This game is not going to get outrun quite soon."
76561198042295953,Recommended,493340,28152484,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ROC,Probably the best thing I've spent my money on in a while.
76561198089664631,Recommended,493340,28276438,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,CamMan,Rocking a GTX 1070 and a Core i7 6700 and the game still runs poorly once the park get over 1000 guests. Other than frame rate issues this game is amazing and is super addictive.  highly reccomend.
76561198319391761,Recommended,493340,28294243,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,jm.dorsey,"It's a wonderful enjoyable game, makes the time fly by"
,Recommended,493340,28295885,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,notacactus,"Cities: Skylines meets Roller Coaster Tycoon. Can still kill people too, with glorious ragdoll physics."
,Recommended,493340,28618371,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Sir Douchebagel the Super Hoagie,"Using the STEAMOS review scale (which I spent approximately 5 minutes in the shower coming up with), here's my verdict.S - Steam-ability - How well this game integrates with steam - 10/10It has full workshop support, and there are no default conflicting keybindings for stuff like the steam overlay. You can also see your friend's content that they upload. Overall, it integrates flawlessly with steam.T - Train-ability/Gameplay - Overall experience - 8/10The content is great, and gameplay is also great. However, there are a few minor annoyances, such as the fact that there are two sections for lighting and how finicky the camera is underground (until i figured out that you could press T and everything magically fixes itself). The controls are fast to learn, and are similar to other games/software that I have worked with. Overall, it has a little learning curve, but the game is very enjoyable.E - Execution - How well they pulled this off - 9/10Again, the categorizing of the content could be a little better, and I wish there was some master search bar, but Frontier did deliver what they promised, which was a great Coaster/Theme Park sim that people would sink a lot of time into.A - Ambition - Self Explanatory - 10/10Frontier basically said they were going to make a amazing sequel to the Rollercoaster Tycoon franchise, with great graphics, intuitive controls, lots of customization options, and more. They pretty much entirely delivered on this, and they did a really good job on it.M - Moddability - Mods and Maps - 6/10The one thing I haven't really seen yet. From what I can see from the game files, it looks moddable (as a non modder). However, when I look things up nothing shows up, which makes me a bit sad. However, people make awesome maps that blow my mind, so that makes up for a fair amount of it.O - Optimization - Self Explanatory - 8/10This is the first non VR game that I have found that completely destroys my overclocked GTX 960 in 720p. I'm not even halfway done with my park, and I'm getting 15-20 fps in most places. To be fair, it does have a recommended system requirement of a GTX 980, but I think they could have done better with optmizing. A great example of optimization while still looking pretty is Cities: Skylines, a huge game with tons going on, and that manages around 24-35 fps at 1080p. It seems to be mostly my placement of scenery that's killing it, and not the rides or guests.S - Soundtrack (Used to be Servicability) - Self Explanatory - 9/10Like RCT3, you can add your own music which is great, and I love how the menu transitions around. When you go into the options menu, it fades a bit into the background, then when you go back it goes full blast. I don't mean by volume, either, but the track dynamically changes. It also probably has the best transition from menu to game I've ever seen. I don't particulary like the in game music itself, although I guess it isn't my style so I'm not going to dock many points for that.Final Verdict: 8.6/10A game that promised, delivered, and now all of us are happy."
76561197998248782,Recommended,493340,28631801,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Knock Off Nigel,"A really gr8 game , its only limit is your imagination :)"
76561198112856568,Recommended,493340,28987969,Posted: 3 January,all,greyghost,great game
,Recommended,493340,29294760,Posted: 16 January,all,ABGRAPHICS,"I've come from a background of being a long term content creator in Forza Motorsport and after many years console gaming I jumped into building a PC and grabbed Planet Coaster.Wow am I impressed! I loved RCT back in the day (**booo!!** many say now) and I have to say in the few days i've been playing Planet Coaster is just leaving a huge impression on me.The game is so versatile and time intensive but so rewarding at the same time! The workshop blueprints are a first for me and a great thing to save time so you can enjoy the various worlds and challenges.The building blocks and ease of use is great and the way you can customize the full park, rides, staff and fine details make this a brilliant game. Seeing all the community content and things on you tube just make me want to jump in more as my mind is racing with ideas!Highly recommended!!"
,Recommended,493340,30151105,Posted: 24 February,all,Franky500,"Great game,If you ever played Theme Park / Theme Park World back in the day, this is effectively a modern version of that with very similar mechanics & Gameplay.Graphics are brilliant, Its easy to get into but also has the option of being challenging if you want it to be.10/10  (if there was any kind of multiplayer, co-op mode or something, it would be 12/10!)very rarely do I purchase single player games as I am a multiplayer gamer, But this is one of the few that could grab me."
,Recommended,493340,31308444,Posted: 22 April,all,(Stan) Mallclerks,Reliving the glory days of RCT
,Recommended,493340,26651999,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,3DS☆MAX,"OMG OMG OMG... THIS GAME IS ASTONISHINGLY FUN...  The attention to detail, the fact you can pick anyone in the park and experience their view...  omg I LOVE YOU THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS EXPERIENCE <3"
,Recommended,493340,26883115,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dizzy,doing this for the badge fam but still a great game buy it over RCT3.
,Recommended,493340,32897995,Posted: 27 June,all,comeine,"Planet Coaster is an incredibly powerful tool, let your imagination run wild!"
76561197984803387,Recommended,493340,32895552,Posted: 27 June,all,PapaFoxtrot-Qc,"this game is super fun, extremely pretty and gives back many folds the effort you put into your park. Very much worth the money"
,Recommended,493340,32992159,Posted: 29 June,all,ratatootie,i named a guest Mud and all of the water in my park turned brown. also there's a funny dinosaur man. best sim game i've played since cities skylines. rockwork/10
76561198179445395,Recommended,493340,28290824,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,sean2mine,fuuuuuuuuuuuun!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,493340,30066028,Posted: 20 February,all,herr pamtumaka,"What are you waiting for? Stop reading reviews, get it, and play it.NOW!"
,Recommended,493340,26668816,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,nick,"Amazing game, just add the ability to visit other people's parks without the need of the workshop and its basically digital crack."
,Recommended,493340,26668828,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Eviltepel,"Extreme fun to play and very versatile. Basically anything you can think of, you can build. Some nitpicks here and there regarding certain ways of constructing (e.g. struggling sometimes to build the exact path I want), but as the developers seemed to be very dedicated to addressing community concerns, I suspect most of these will be ironed out in due time.FYI, I am a builder type of player, spending most time in the sandbox & challenge mode."
76561198049201472,Recommended,493340,28542453,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,johnmcdaniel,"Fantastic game.  Longtime RCT player, and Planet Coaster addresses just about every wish I could have had for a new version.  To make it even better, the developer listens and addressed things timely, with awesome communication.  The Winter Update was incredible, and I can't wait to see what else they are going to add or make available as DLC.If you were ever an RTC fan, this is the game you've been waiting for!Simply awesome."
,Recommended,493340,26667114,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,English Teacher,"Frontier has delivered us a polished piece of work that will chew up your time if you're not careful. Blink once and you'll miss two hours of your life. But it's worth it. In those two hours, you'll have built whatever it was you wanted to build, or at least part of it. The detail that you can put into each object, each ride, each little light fixture just gives you that euphoric ""sigh"" feeling many have been looking for Since the RTC days. It becomes so encapsulating you don't want to shut it down, and when you finally do, you're already thinking about what you can build the next time.The easy-to-learn interface and controls are very approachable and you don't need to be a 3D artist to get started visualizing your ideas. These works are easily saved, copied, pasted and uploaded for others to use/see/comment on. Just look as the amount of user made objects in the Workshop already, knowing that the game is still in its infancy. I mean... WOW!Designing coasters is no longer a challenge, the interface and engine plays allong with your wishes amazingly well, allowing for many to recreate the coaster they have always dreamt of. And if this is not your cup of tea, there are oodles of plans in the release and on the workshop to click and drop wherever you want.That being said, there are a couple of things that are less well developed, and they need to be mentioned. Path-making and connecting is sometimes a bit frustrating and doesn't always play along with what you want. If an object is not placable, it's sometimes tricky to find out why. Some awkward clipping is seen when placing objects too close to rides. The management challenges could be expanded more along with more staffing options. I'm sure Frontier have noted that the future will bring more staffing options (Security for example) in the future. Some personal wishes might be fulfilled as well: The ability to make ingame recordings and sharing these with other Planet Coaster users would be a neat addition.Rounding of this review, a brief summary. Planet Coaster isthatTheme Park builder experience for 2016 and onwards. Already the community has delivered on becoming the creative hive mind of the platform, demonstrating the power of the creative environment and inspiring others to make fantastic additions to your toolkit. There are some frustrations and minor misouts that are likely/hopefully fixed through patches and the like. Finally, a note must be said about the soundtrack. Never mind. I can't say anything that would do it justice."
76561198206724137,Recommended,493340,26671980,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Cyphonox,This game is really fun! Well worth the money. Every rollercoastertycoon fans dream come true.
,Recommended,493340,26650105,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Log™,100% reccommend this to any RCT3 fans because this game doesn't fail to deliver! Amazing graphics and easy to understand controls! This game make Rollercoaster Tycoon World look like an absolute dumpster. What are you doing! GET THE GAMEEEEE!
76561198025643657,Recommended,493340,26650076,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ekholbrook,"Pros:-Stunning Graphics and Animation-Is actually a bit challenging to get all the economics to work-Total freedom creating paths and elevated paths--Thousands of people all in stunning detail walking aroundCons:-Information and detail is a bit lacking from previous versions-Panels are way way too large with far too much empty space covering up the item you are trying to track or get info about. For example an employee might be unhappy, you open the management panel to track them down, it covers literally the entire screen. So yes, you can locate this employee, but you can't even see the park or employee behind this massive panel with tons of wasted empty space.-Balloon booth is great but almost no one wants to buy balloons even at 1/2 the normal price.-Animations of people getting onto a ride doesn't exist, they just sort of pop into the seat.-no obvious benefit to promoting certain staff like entertainers or janitors-staff of a type all looks the same, they should have some variation like the customers. Janitors are all old redneck looking guys with scraggy beards, etc.Still, this is by far, far far, the best Roller Coaster sim out there. Parkitech doesn't even come close and the previous generated can finally be uninstalled once and for all."
76561198191865943,Recommended,493340,28115351,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,mhbd.ghaffari,Best in this genre.
,Recommended,493340,28191946,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Zombiesandsim,"DISCLAIMER: The issues that i talk about in this review may be fixed in the futureI am writing this review on December 3rd, 2016, a few weeks after the game's full release. I used to play Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 and i loved it. The issues i had with it were: not enough deatailing, poor graphics, not enough rides. Howerer, Planet Coaster{which was made mostly by the same developers} is amaing. It answers all of my old complaints with RCT3. They have also really listened to the community with this game. So. if you love amusement park building or loved the old RCT3, then you will love this game. However, be aware that there are some issues with this game. First of all, the game is pretty laggy and unstable. I have a preety good computer with a GTX 980 graphics card and my game lags and will crash periodically. Also, the pathing can be buggy. It will not always move the way you tell it to and it will sometimes just not work at all. Like I said at the beginning of this review, these issues may be fixed in the future when you get this game. Or they may not. Although I would love for them to fix these issues, tis game would still be truly amaing if they didn't. Considering the information i have told you, I really can't like or dislike this game but in have to for this review to be posted. Therefore, the like is not really my true opinion. Maybe in the future i will write another review with a true like or dislike, or maybe not. But like i said, if you love amusement park building games or any game from the old RCT series and would be able to ignore the issues, get this game. If not don't. Always remember there are plenty of other games to choose from that may interest you more."
76561198339018685,Recommended,493340,26715953,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,funkydude555,waited over 10 years for this. Love it. Best theme park sim fullstop
76561198124018353,Recommended,493340,31384703,Posted: 26 April,all,Smagby,This game is a  toybox for anyone with an imagination. Buy this game if you like to have fun and build things.
76561198000070419,Recommended,493340,28523824,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,doomed.child,"To summarize: I love this game. I found it as I was looking for an alternative for RCT2, which I considered to be an excellent combination of nice (if old) graphics and good gameplay. So for the rest of you who are looking for the same, here is why I find Planet Coaster even more fun than RCT2:+ Better graphics, obviously+ Paths can be curved, and also up- and downwards sloping curves are possible+ Staff has a happiness meter too. A member of the staff can quit if they are unsatisfied long enough. If they worked in a stall, that stall will then automatically be closed.+ Rides get old, and customers lose interest in them. You need to keep researching and changing things around (rides and stalls) to keep the customers - and money - rolling in. You can't just build an awesome park and be done with it.+ Nearly endless possibilities to make buildings (stalls, toilets, ATMs etc) to suit your own style and preferences+ Economy seems balanced. It is not too difficult to keep your account in the green.+ Amount of detail is almost ridiculous. If you zoom into a stall, you can hear the radio inside and see what is on the shelves. Even the movement of the clerk is reflected in the shiny doors of the cabinets.+ Even with all the added possibilities, building paths and buildings is still easy.What I find lacking- No flowers as scenery. A small thing maybe, but I miss it.- Building coasters can be tricky. It's not always clear why something cannot be done, so you need to try and see what works.- Scenery rating of the whole park. It is not about money but about the # of objects you use, and you need hundreds to increase the rating. Good thing is that you can just sell the scenery after reaching your objective, and the objective stays completed.All in all I heartily recommend this game if you like RCT2. Enjoy, have fun and thank you for reading this!"
,Recommended,493340,29012822,Posted: 4 January,all,Sir Fabulous,Yasssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!! Finally the theme park creator we've all been waiting for! (What RCT3 should have been!) Yes the price is steep and you may have to dig a little deeper into your wallets but it's so worth it! I can't wait to see what they add to the game down the path. :)
,Recommended,493340,26649712,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,epi ☠,"I'm not gonna waste your time with a long♥♥♥♥♥review.It's pretty simple, if you loved the old Roller Coaster Tycoon series, buy this game, I guarantee you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,493340,26664034,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,[SR-DJ] SM20012,"Was expecting this game to be on the level of Rollercoaster Tycoon, but this exceeds it dramatically, although only playing it for an hour I'm in love with it, ever down to the little things such as the menu music or the music which can be added to rides, it's simple amazing, I'd recommend this to anyone any day over any other rollercoaster builder"
,Recommended,493340,26651984,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BOT Galithiel,"This is my first review ever, but this game deserves it, it's really really awesome, and for half the price of a AAA game.The graphics are really good and the creation tool is unbelievable.With just a bit more attractions and some changes to the UI it will be the perfect game.It is a safe value as the developers are already putting out updates frequently!"
76561198135747655,Recommended,493340,34008498,Posted: 3 August,all,The Law,"I like this. I could sit and play for hours on end! There are so many things to do. It is Roller Coaster Tycoon on Steriods! Freaking drugs man! We be tripping out here when we play dis. I played 18 hours straight when I first got it and only stopped because I had pooped myself (no lie). Speaking of lies, The cake is a lie. I would recommend this game to anyone looking for Amusement or parks! It does lag hardcore as you continue to expand. (could possibly just be my PC but it is pretty beefy). Speaking of Beef, Chief Beef is my Bae and tbh: #squadgoals. King Coaster is a round ball guy, and he's pretty funny, however not as sexy as Chief Beef (no one can compare).In all seriousness, Get this game, for real, or you're gonna want to kys! 7/10 stars (due to lag and lack of more Chief Beef)"
,Recommended,493340,26697154,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Jvep420,"The BEST Theme Park Sim in yeeeaarrs! The building and customization gives endless posibilities for park ideas! I love that I can make any shop to be appropriately themed to my parks. Shops, Rides, Scenery, all of it can be designed by you! What's even cooler is the fact that we can save and upload our creations to the Steam Workshop and share with other players! So if you're lazy you could just download other players' creations!The staff system is awesome too! All employees ""level up"" and seem to have their own personalities on how they handle their job.Although games like Minecraft have proven that graphics dont make a game fun, this game is downright gorgeous! I remember opening the first pirate theme park challenge level in Beta and being in awe of the starting area it gives you. Truly a jaw-droppingly beautiful looking game.Long Live Frontier and Planet Coaster!Suck it, Tycoon World, you souless, glitchy mess!"
76561198304410855,Recommended,493340,26728057,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,EvDaGreat,"I love this game. It may not be as challenging in terms of park management (espcially in sandbox) but its still incredibaly fun  to build rides and attractions and make your customers happy. The graphics are great. Best looking theme park game ever released. Still needs more optimizations. Overall, I recommend. If you loved Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, you will love Planet Coaster. Also, the price isnt bad considering the infinite amount of possiblites the game gives you."
,Recommended,493340,28847668,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Aeonofgods,"Great game with plenty of depth. It is incredibly fun to play and the ""only 5 more minutes"" kind of game. The future looks bright and I cannot wait to see what else is added! The music is fantastic, graphics are bright and vibrant, and is fairly easy to learn through the included campaign. It could definitely use some optimization. Larger parks will start to lose frames once the population gets higher than two or three thousand guests. I highly recommend it and is worth every penny."
76561197982339454,Recommended,493340,27871534,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ThirdEvolution,"Planet Coaster aims to breathe new life in to this forgotton and overlooked genre of sim park management. It is striving to do for this genre what Cities: Skylines has done for City Management sim games.Firstly, looking at the aesthetics of the game. The graphics are stunning and the game just looks beautiful. The UI is sleek and simplistic, and the sounds are great. This is a wonderful modern retelling of the great days gonebye sitting in front of your computer starting at your carefully designed isometric park.The building systems in Planet Coaster are intuitive and one of the games major strong points. You are given many tools and basic building blocks to allow you to design and create all sorts of fantastic items. Unlike most theme park simulation games, this is not limited to the rides. You can also spend time designing unique and original shops, atms, kiosks etc. You could spend many hours creating the perfect kiosk and surrounding scenery and are possibly only limited by your own creativity and imagination.The only weak area of the game in its current state is the park management. Its currently very shallow and not very engaging. It lacks the basic management tools required to make this game a proper tycoon game. Build 2 or 3 rides, add in some scenery and place down the most basic of amenities and your guests are always happy and the profits begin to pour in. It lacks a challenging tycoon aspect and it feels almost impossible to do badly in the game.Overall in its current state, it’s all about the sandbox building experience, but for now that is ok as there is a lot of fun to be found just doing that. Hopefully over the coming months Frontier will build on the management aspect and create a solid all round games, that with any luck will reignite the Tycoon Genre."
,Recommended,493340,28887179,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,squid-ears,"I only recently quit my job at an amusement park where I worked for three seasons, and when I heard of this game, I thought it was interesting but was hesitant to buy it. I remembered enjoying games like Rollercoaster Tycoon as a child (although I was more of a Zoo Tycoon fan), but I was burnt out on amusement parks; I knew the dark underbelly of the business too well to enjoy anything rollercoaster-related for a while.Or so I thought.This game somehow managed to cut through the layers of cynicism and bitterness I had surrounding theme parks. It's incredibly fun to build a park from the ground up in challenge, manage every single aspect, and watch the guests roll in. It's also just as fun to play one of the career scenarios, or to make the park of your dreams (or a replica of an existing one) in sandbox mode. Some may complain that the game isn't challenging, but I'm fine with that. I do wish it was possible to kill (or at least grievously harm or maim) guests, just because building a Torture Park was one of the best parts of roller coaster games of yore. Oh, and it'd be more realistic for there to be injuries and deaths, I guess.All in all, Planet Coaster is a solid amusement park tycoon-style game, and I recommend it to anyone who wants to scratch that Tycoon itch with a more current game. If you're thinking of getting Rollercoaster Tycoon World because it has the RCT brand name behind it, do yourself a favor and get this game instead."
76561198185558425,Recommended,493340,28722139,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,KennyN6882,I Liked It But Lag Is A Issue
,Recommended,493340,26686330,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,seglda,"Installed the game to try it before bed.Almost 4 hours later, I noticed the time had gotten away from me.It's everything I wanted and more. Tons of customization, tons of things to do, and the distinct feeling like there's only going to be more later.Love it."
76561198163989991,Recommended,493340,31265156,Posted: 20 April,all,BritZilla,"So ive had this game for a week now and its great, i have thoroughly enjoyed the time ive spent in the game and while paths play up sometimes, its overall a vary solid and functional game, plus i only have 6 gigs of ram and yet i can run the Tron Legacy map at around 20 FPS, the loadings times are virtually non existent and the roller coaster design is functional but i would like to see a contol system that works using Arrow keys as getting precise bends are kinda hard and take allot of whacking the dragable movement tool around before it finally decides that theres enough room for it to fit between the cliffside anD the other piece of track."
76561198346092586,Recommended,493340,31330953,Posted: 23 April,all,SilverQueen246,"For anyone with an itch to build an amusement park, I recommend this game. I had a tough time choosing whether or not to get Planet Coaster, or Rollercoaster Tycoon World, and I'm not disappointed with my choice.So far I have only done the Sandbox maps where money is unlimited and you have free reign to do whatever you want. You can make your park theme based, with Western, Sci-Fi, Fairytale and Pirates for themes to choose from, or you can make it as random and spontaneous as you want.A few things that I've found frustrating are:- How often your staff become unhappy and quit.- How often guests steal and you get notified about it.I had to do my homework and look up how to keep staff happy, and I have to try out the method so I don't know if it will work. I have not looked up how to keep theft down. Even when I put down 10-20 security staff, theft still seems to be a big issue and I don't know what the hell to do about it. Those are the only minor things that have been bothering me.One thing I would like to recommend to the game developers is if they could add the option to go ground level and work as a staff member. It gets annoying when I see a Janitor walk past a pile of litter and he doesnt clean it up, and I wish they made it like Zoo Tycoon 2 where you could walk like a staff member and clean up litter and empty garbage bins.Other than that, I find this game to be enjoyable. Fun for children who want a ""safe"", child friendly game, and it's great for adults who miss Rollercoaster Tycoon but want something that's more recent. I think this game was released in 2016, which is nice for anyone who dislikes old games with old graphics."
76561198120421388,Recommended,493340,31181979,Posted: 16 April,all,Jolteoon,"Very beautiful game so far, the freedom with creating coasters is wonderful."
,Recommended,493340,31197865,Posted: 17 April,all,hellcase.com luketrigg12,all i can say is if you loved rollercoaster tycoon 3 then get this game it is like the ultimate upgrade to rollercoaster tycoon and i love it
76561198300291599,Recommended,493340,30181179,Posted: 25 February,all,Burton,"Love the game however Planet Coaster crashes everyday..... It drives me crazy. Would love to see Theatres, show, and more rides for little ones added. Planet Coaster needs more flower options and I'm hoping the creaters will be adding lots more soon."
,Recommended,493340,28162149,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Joal,PROS:+lots of freedom+good controls+great editor for ridesCONS:-Crazy optomization-developers don't listen to what people want (better optomization)
,Recommended,493340,27030266,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rigor Morts,Bought this game 4 days ago. HOLY CRAP I'VE BEEN PLAYING THIS FOR 4 DAYS STRAIT.
,Recommended,493340,28111020,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,floridalegend,UPDATE HOLIDAY BONUS:Took me 70 hours to achieve all the stars and I had a lot of fun with the career mode.  Definetly worth the price and I look forwrad to even more updates and content.+ Added 3 new career scenerios + new stuff in free update+ Freedom to be creative+ Rollercoasters are fun and extensive+ Wonderful soundtrack+ Large spaces to work with+ Steam Wrokshop content is great+ Tons of scenery and buildings to choose from- Management lacks depth- Too easy once making a profit- Menu UI is a cumbersome and cool feaures are hidden
,Recommended,493340,26649102,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,aaronroberts12567,"From guest animations to ride physics, this game blows my mind, I picked this as my emotional ""award"" because the game gets some of us emotional, we've been waiting more than 10 years for a game like this and everybody can tell how much effort goes into the game.With a beautiful music and game soundtrack, the attention to detail in this game is like no other theme park simulation game in thw world, we can all tell that frontier loved developing this game.I highly recommend this, as a theme park go'er, enthusiast, or even somebody that just wants to have some fun :D the creativity is unlimited and the only thing holding this game back is your imagination."
,Recommended,493340,26673081,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dragonlair,"Amazing game, bringing back memories of the good old days and a lot of stuff in the workshop. Now I just need to learn to create a coaster that doesn't make everybody sick :/10/10"
76561198023395121,Recommended,493340,29614872,Posted: 31 January,all,Bartvbl,"RCT3, but better."
76561197967318885,Recommended,493340,29791705,Posted: 8 February,all,action9000,"In short: If you liked Rollercoaster Tycoon and can live without the time-sensitive scenarios, this game is absolutely incredible.One major caveat I personally have with this same is that the career mode is not as engaging or in-depth as RCT's was. Simply having more empty parks, more barebones parks and time constraints would alleviate this entire complaint but as-is, the career mode is more of an introduction to the cool stuff you can do, rather than the main game.The ""Actual"" main game to me is the Challenge mode: A mode where there's no absolute end-goal BUT you're still constrained by money, research, loans and everything else present in an amusement park sim. The ""Challenge"" aspect comes from, well...challenges that are assigned to you randomly. They're simply side-quests that, if completed, reward you, typically with $1000 upon completion.Later on this money means nothing because you've already got your cash flow problems sorted out so this whole Challenge system is rather moot.Rather, Challenge game plays more like starting the first scenario in RCT1 (Forest Frontiers), minus the time constraint.It's a beautiful engine that I'd love to see fleshed out a bit in terms of more time constraints on scenarios, more barebones parks that you need to build up in Career mode and a general drifting away from using Career mode as a tutorial instead of the main game.That said, if you don't mind a Rollercoaster Tycoon game without time constraints, there's a TON to love here! Everything else has been everything I'd want....with one complaint: Basically no modding support. Yes you can download blueprints and rides from the workshop, but that's it. There's no changing numbers, mechanics, modding in said time constraints, etc. etc. The game is pretty locked down outside of custom rides. This is unfortunate given the direction this game took as STRONGLY a sandbox game where being able to tweak game parameters tends to shine the most.As-is though, it's been a ton of fun but it leaves me wanting a few more touches to turn this from a cool park sim into a transcendent experience that it's SO CLOSE to achieving!Devs! You're so close! Tweak it a bit and you're GOLDEN!"
,Recommended,493340,26649112,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dark Star,"Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 meets Cities: Skylines. For a game that should be so complex, the controls are intuitive to the point that I didn't even have to look through the tutorials to know how to immediately do everything. You'll realize you accidentally spent hours decorating the line to a single ride, while loving every minute of it. Only gripe: no death coasters... yet."
,Recommended,493340,26690876,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kazahashi92,"I rarely write reviews for games, and the last coaster sim I bought was SIM ThemePark as a kid (the one with the rad themed parks).This game, is amazing. Addictive, fun, gorgeous, and intricate. I spent the last 8 hours since purchase glued to my chair, and I need to be up in 2 hours. Oh well.Just to give you an idea, I spent 2 hours customizing the pirate ship ride (yes, the bland swinging one) and the surrounding area around it. I wound up making a Kraken popping out at guests waiting in line, and pirates coming in to not only attack the Kraken, but to save their friends whose ship had just been destroyed. That one ride became more popular than any of the coasters I had in my park at the time. Then, of course, it was just a downward spiral from there and I now have a huge pirate themed area.My only gripe with the game so far, is there's not enough themed stuff. Where's all the spooky stuff at? There's not even a haunted house ride. Though, I'm sure this will get fixed by the devs as time goes on, if their support of Elite: Dangeous is anything to go by.All in all, a fantastic game, and I can't wait to come home tomorrow and dump in more time making stuff. I see some negative reviews here, but honestly, it's people comparing it to RCT3. I never played that, and honestly the game is old enough, that I can't see really comparing it to this. This game is a breath of fresh air in a genre that has been long forgotten, by a developer that genuinely loves and cares about it.If you love theme parks, sim games, or even just addictive games in general where you let your imagination run wild, get this game, it's incredible. The user generated content alone will add tons of replay value to the game, and it's already coming in at a rather fast pace."
,Recommended,493340,26676731,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Mr.Resolute,"The possibilities are endless. With incredible scenary and graphics, along with many placeable items, this game certainly allows the user's creative mind to go wild. 10/10 would recommend!"
,Recommended,493340,26721824,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Pretty Patsie™,"This game is amazing. If you are creative and love the idea of creating every detail of your park, this is the game for you. People are complaining about frame drops, get a better PC, simple.GG 10/10"
76561198174155623,Recommended,493340,26721844,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,nukethealiens,i like the game but on my computer when you scroll to much it makes the game crash but it is knew
,Recommended,493340,31206111,Posted: 17 April,all,Cavcasta,"Refunded two times. Knew this game is amazing, was hard to get into. Worth it!If you're creative enough person, but think (as i did) that game's too complicated, controls are bad and inconvenient, just give it some time. Games like Planet Coaster are really rare, don't miss it. Also, oh hell these devs are amazing."
,Recommended,493340,28476939,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Zanriel,"This is a pretty good game. I was impressed. I waited until a few updates before picking it up, since early reports spoke of issues around management features, lack of difficulty, and thereby lack of meaningful gameplay. I can't comment on those concerns, but I'm happy to report that this is a solid game that provides good entertainment value.The building tools for tracks (coasters and such) are intuitive and easy to use. It's as easy as building roads in Cities Skylines, or laying track in Sid Meier's Railroads. I even found it fairly straightforward to build tunnels. When you raise the terrain around a piece of track, it will automatically leave a hollow area inside. I thought that was pretty cool.One thing I worred about with this game was that it strongly emphasized creating custom tracks and buildings over just running a themepark. That is not the case. Although the tools are there, and they're quite powerful, you can very easily just use the built-in blueprints, or download them from the thousands available on the Workshop. At that point, the game becomes a perfectly servicable tycoon game. I've lost hours just fiddling with different prices and options, trying to strike the perfect balance between profit and guest satifaction. You even have employee satisfaction to contend with, which you can handle through training, setting their wages, restricting where they operate and what type of work they do, or bringing in more help if needed.I wish there were more ""mascot"" staff options (entertainers). There are about 10 or so, and there's a fair amount of variety there, but I wish there was a costume editor where you could design your own entertainers.The themes for buildings and decorations pretty much fall into one of five categories or themes: Pirates, western, fairytale, sci-fi, and now festive (winter). You can craft buildings and props out of a wide variety of shapes and object types to expand out from there, but only to a certain extent. I can't really complain though, there's more than enough veriety for someone like me.I played quite a bit of Theme Park by Bullfrog back in the day, and then a fair amount of the RCT series, especially RCT2. My favorite was always Theme Park for some reason. I have to say though, thanks to the improvements Frontier has made to this game, it looks like I should be able to get quite a few hours of entertainment out of it."
,Recommended,493340,28590259,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,mishilO,First time writing a review. Excellent game. Challenge mode is very well done. Well worth the money.
,Recommended,493340,26648072,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,gazzygamer2,"i've been playing this game for a while now and it is amazing, you can do basicaly anything even build an underground park if you wanted too.the graphics are great and the performance is very goodone thing i would like to see is the DEV's to do is to keep adding new contents, either by free/paid DLC's or updates"
,Recommended,493340,28324389,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Tourney,"I bought Coaster thinking ""Hey, this looks pretty good."" and turns out I was wrong... It's simply amazing. I haven't played a park simulator of this caliber since back in the dark ages with Roller Coaster Tycoon. Yea, that long ago. Frontier did some great work with the game and it shows. The amount of customization that can be applied reaches the to highest autistic level imaginable. Check out the workshop, you'll see what I mean. Coaster does everything right with some small exceptions. There is a learning when first starting, but Frontier provided some tutorial videos that help with some of the basics as well as some ""story mode"" parks that become more challenging as you progress. My other dislike was the interface used. Simply, tons of information with tons of tabs, but there is really no helping it with the amount of detail you receive. Coaster is a great buy even at full price and one of the best park simulators released in the past decade."
76561198074746099,Recommended,493340,28098356,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,aabooj,10/10 best theme park sim ever
,Recommended,493340,35319548,Posted: 29 September,all,Anstronaut559,"Planet Coaster is a game that will revolutionize the future of simulation games, with easy controls, multiple game modes, and great DLC/Steam Workshop packs to choose from. You know that the developers worked hard on this game due to the variety of technologies they implemented to not only coaster construction, but to making an efficient, visually appealing theme park.If you are looking for a game that outshines the roller coaster tycoon series in several ways by a large margin I would recommend you to not only play it, but challenge yourself and take your time with your theme parks, as this is a very time consuming game. However, with every great game, there still includes cons that I must make you aware of before making the hefty purchase of $45: The cost in my opinion could be less, maybe $30, as they would still gain revenue, but not cheat their customers out; and if you dont have a 1080p computer or higher, do not purchase this game. It will run very slow and ruin the gameplay experience.Overall I am satsifed with my purchase. I hope this review was helpful enough to make a decision. Thanks."
76561197976593556,Not Recommended,493340,35456135,Posted: 3 October,all,Bogey Heatherwood,"When Planet Coast was launched on the scene the general rumblings placed it as a formidable ""spiritual sequel"" to the beloved Rollercoaster Tycoon series.  The same development team had a crack at bringing their shining gem to modernity.  And in many ways they succeeded.  But in one hour play session all of that promise and the newfound joy in me was suddenly pulled out from beneath me, for DLC had encroached on my stock campaign.I understand the allure and benefits of the DLC model to developers but I don't respect it, in fact I despise it, but understand, from a business perspective, why it creeps its way into pretty much AAA game these days.  But what Planet Coaster did was much more nefarious.  Let me describe...I was playing the 2nd set of levels in the main campaign, the ones themed around fairytales and storybooks.  After about an hour of play and as I was tiring, I tried to save, and was met by a dialogue stating that I was ""unable to save due to unpurchased mods being used.""  I had no idea I was using mods...I'm a 30-year old male that grew up with video games and at that moment I felt like I must have stumbled into an accidental click usually only reserved for those that don't have the tools to distinguish click-bait from the ACTUAL download link.  It wasn't until I started a discussion on steam that I found out that there's a menu option that enables/disables DLC objects from populating in your game.  But this isn't disabled by default.This means you can open the game, have no interest in the DLC and even make the concerted effort to click ""no thanks"" on the barrage of BUY ME!  HALLOWEEN PROPS FOR SALE! dialogues that litter the welcoming screen.  And even then, when staying within the what looks to be stock campaign you could just run into the pitfall I did.I think this is a pathetic business practice and I have lost tremendous respect for these developers.  It's truly dumfounding how just when we see a beacon of hope in the Tycoon genre - and really, other than the DLC, these guys did everything right - only for it to be gutted and left as a sort of seedy sales machine that embodies a virtual ATM.You want to do DLC content?  Fine, great, no grudges held.  I understand.  But automatically enable a feature that, unbeknowst to the user, embeds potentially ""stock game"" breaking function.  I either would have to go through each scenery piece and determine whether or not it was DLC or stock, or simply not save.I didn't save my game that night, and I am feeling like I don't want to open that game ever again.  It was a real eye opener on the state of DLC affairs, and one that sadens me.  It's not just a sell-out, it's a big middle-finger to the people that make this artform so magical.Thank you Frontier Developments!  I hope you go out of business."
,Recommended,493340,32713509,Posted: 23 June,all,Atreyu4800,10/10 would planet Coaster again
,Recommended,493340,32432268,Posted: 15 June,all,BlastedVandal,This is quite possibly the best coaster/themepark game out there.Amazing detail. Well done.
,Recommended,493340,26738387,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Igor Bogdanoff,Remember Rollercoaster Tycoon? Yeah me too!
,Recommended,493340,26725291,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Egyptman09,"There is one problem with all games like this, RCT3, zoo Tycoon, Marine Park Empire, thay all have the stupidest AI. Finally a game comes out which does not have that problem, the Ai here of all your visitors is good, they follow the path properly and thier path fininding skills are not restricted due to your path building skills. Finally a game of this genre comes out without that problem."
76561198255274349,Recommended,493340,26733890,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Maxmorphed_,"If you're more a creative person, this is for you. 98% of my time on the game has been building different structures and scenery. The managing isn't the best but I don't think that ruins the game. The game itself doesn't run great on my laptop but that's my fault. In conclusion, super good for creating your own buildings; sometimes I forget it's a Theme Park Simulator but if you're are looking for a great management game, then maybe look elsewhere (however I like how every person in your park has individual thoughts and feeelings). Would definately recommend this game."
76561198004851032,Recommended,493340,26734151,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,🐌,This game is a lot of fun if you like building/engineering/managing type games. My only gripe is I wish there were more props/items available but it seems they will be adding DLC's in the future so that might be nice.
,Recommended,493340,29617271,Posted: 31 January,all,Skrekkur,"Let me start by telling you I did not want this game for the sandbox mode. I wanted a management sim with really good tools for making a cool park. I don´t spend a lot of time making custom buildings but this game satifies me completely.I am playing the campaign which I had my doubts about when I got it, It is definetly good enough for me with things like prices of rides, entrance and food to tweak. Since rides have a mechanic that expects cool things to be around them, I do spend quite some time theming the environment, but mostly using blueprints from others or the build in stuff.I have maybe created 3 or 4 blueprints myself but this game has a fine campaign with varied objectives and a challenging, yet pleasant management aspect.Highly recommended for the super creative sandbox types as well as lovers of good management sims, (The sims I like in this genre are theme park, theme hospital, roller coaster tycoon, transport tycoon, startopia, sim city, cities skylines to name a few).Games like this are few and far between and the tools this game provides are better than anything I've seen so far"
76561198128788703,Recommended,493340,29938419,Posted: 15 February,all,Charlie592,fun game
,Recommended,493340,26648270,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Astrobia,"Park management fans rejoice, after many years finally a worthy modern title has appeared. Are you a fan of Rollercoaster Tycoon or it's ilk? This is the game you've been waiting for over a decade for.Much to my amazement, every single complaint I had since the alpha was addressed in some way before the beta.I had new complaints within the beta but many were addressed within that week.There's room for minor polish and improvements but these really are trivial little niggles. It would be nice to be able to resize some specific UI windows for example. Similarly it would be nice to be able to type in exact position and rotation numbers when using the advanced move function on an object. But both are more than adequately functional as is.Another example is that delay at the start why the game checks online servers for avatars of friends and featured content creators. This is actually a great feature, but when I'm starting up the game I don't care, I want to get into the menu and start the game mode I want to start. An easy fix by just moving player globe to a game mode button or just using cached data until the player presses an update button.I want to point out the delay I'm complaining about here is like 10 seconds once when you start the game. The fact something so trivial is all I have to complain about (and while the game is in beta to boot) speaks volumes as to the quality of the product.It is always possible to add more options for ways to use a given tool, but the important thing to note is in addition to following common interface standards, all the tools you would expect and then some are already fully implemented. Undo, redo, snapping, free placement, moving existing objects without having to delete and replace them, individual customisation and so on.There are enough quirks with some systems (like path placement, triggered events, scenery score mechanics etc.) that a short tutorial would be helpful for some but this listed as coming soon on the main menu albe it as video tutorials. I personally prefer unrestricted interactive tutorials you can run at any time in game. But it is also worth pointing out I haven't ""needed"" one. The systems are intuitive enough that if you have any background in the genre you know what to expect and can figure things out with a bit of fiddling with the systems.The maps are quite large but I'd also like the freedom to make them even larger beyond all reason if I think my computer can handle it. :-PAnd that's it. That's all the criticisms I can think of to level at the game. I don't think ""all"" of them could be addressed by launch but easily within a month or two of release. The game as it stands is stable and bug free enough I can't think of any to report, so most of the post launch development time can be spent on further polish and content creation. So if that's all the bad lets discuss some of the good.The game is beautiful. I'm not a fan of the cartoony style of the guests, but I understand this is a callback to earlier games in the genre and frankly I rarely notice unless I'm specifically watching them. Everything else from the scenery to the rides and even the music are stunning.The game mechanics are deep and well thought out. Everything you would expect from it's predecessors plus more. This is the first park management game I can remember where you can actually set times of day for the park to open and close. Things like how well decorated the area around a shop or ride is actually factors into both the appeal and guest satisfaction with those facilities. Modern concepts such as priority passes add to the complexity of the freedom of options you have for your pricing model.Speaking of freedom and decorations the game really lets the players artistic expression loose. The game does not care if an scenario object clips through the ground or another object, you can place decorations however you want and the only restriction is if you are happy with how looks and decide to change it yourself or not. The game even include colourable primitive shapes to construct virtually decorative object you can imagine piecemeal, the save the whole thing as a blueprint and plonk it down all over your park and share with your friends to plonk down in theirs.Even the terrain tools offer an unparallelled amount of freedom and flexibility compared to the genres forerunners. You really can sculpt anything from statues to floating islands. Tunnels? Tunnels yes, and also caves and then some. The lighting and special effect options the game provides are also varied and flexible. More so then ever the only limitation is your imagination.Content wise a lot of thought has been put in to available themes and included decorations. Everything is provided so you don't need to create your own. There's always room for more but there is plenty here and more then you would expect using other titles for comparison. There is a decent number of flat rides already implemented, the constructable ride (coasters, log flumes, transport rides etc.) are equally varied and in no way will you feel the game missing something for launch.Sure we would like to see more water rides and things like animal enclosures and shows in expansions as usual but as a base product the game is full and vibrant on it's own.And that is really the the question that this segment of steam is dedicated to. Is this product worth the price at time of writing and who should buy it? If you are fan of theme park games, management sims or even possibly just decorating and landscaping then yes, this game is for you.The game is imperfect in it's current state, needing a final layer of polish and refinement, but even so I give this game my fullest recommendation. There many little things the devs could do to add finishing touches to the game but it's ready and worthy right now.And it only gets better from here."
76561198301017931,Recommended,493340,26665825,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ZIzzleThekerbal,luv it
,Recommended,493340,28231471,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,KN,Fun Game!!!
,Recommended,493340,26651973,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ghoststriker,This is the real RollerCoaster Tycoon right here!
,Recommended,493340,28404045,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,JW Fox,♥♥♥♥ing sick 10/4 MLG game worthy of an oscar m9. Thoroughly enjoyed crashing coaster into small children
76561198000891791,Recommended,493340,26650125,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Quadra87,"Planet Coaster is charming, has great graphics and is above all else a lot of fun.There is scope here for some incredibly flexible creation, whatever your mind can think of you can likely implement it into the game somehow. There is a degree of micromanagement in the daily running of your park, making sure guests are happy and that everything is running smoothly, much of this is presented through scenarios and the career mode.It is however the sandbox mode that lets you create some incredibly imaginative theme parks, terraforming the landscape and then building a huge rollercoaster around a mountain or building an idylic fairytale village near a majestic lake, the game conjures up a sense of childhood wonder that ive not had in a game since the early days of Theme Park.Positives -Great graphics and attention to detail.Creative freedom and imaginationLots of fun.Negatives -Path creation can be awkward.A few bugs here and there.Overall Planet Coaster is fantastic, there is some annoying issues with creating paths and placing rides and I have come across a few graphical glitches and buggy moments but, it has not detracted from what is proving to be a fun game were imagination and creative freedom can result in some amazing parks."
76561198146841230,Recommended,493340,26728279,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Koenigsegga,"Great successor to the Roller Coaster Tycoon series, tons of fun and easy to learn, highly recommend to anyone who likes theme parks, coasters and/or the RCT series."
,Recommended,493340,26652743,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dolan,"Planet Coaster, simply put, is to Roller Coaster Tycoon as what Cities Skylines is to Sim City. The game is a huge improvement on an already good idea, but the devs behind Planet Coaster seem to have really made sure this will be the best kind of theme park builder / simulator that it can be. With the built in ability to create and share custom buildings / rides / blueprints with other users via Steam Workshop BEFORE the game is even out, you can use and expand upon the ideas of many other Planet Coaster players which also greatly adds to the experience. The tools in the game allow for incredible creativity to really make your park exactly the way you envision it. There are terraforming tools to dig moats and tunnels and to even create hills and mountains with the feature of filling those up with water. There are many prebuilt blueprints for shops and buildings for you already, however you can easily take just a vanilla shop itself without any customization and really tailor it to the theme of your park and it seems to be encouraged. The controls, while at first may seems difficult, are actually not that bad to learn. Steping into the game, atleast before official launch, you really have to learn the game on your own as there is a lack of tutorials, but it is much easier than I thought. It took me less than a half an hour to figure it out by just experimenting. However, there is a spot on the main menu for ""Tutorial Videos"" which states that they are coming soon, probably on launch. The game looks great graphically and runs very smooth on my system. The only problem I could see performance wise with a game like this, is that over time when your park expands and you have created many building and rides with hundreds or even thousands of pieces, your frames will most likely drop. When I started a career mission that already had a park mostly built, my frames were a bit lower than when I started my own park from scratch. But overall, it seems to be optimized pretty well. I haven't gotten  too far in the game yet, I have spent a few hours just making an entrence castle to my theme park and it is addicting being able to make anything anyway you want it. I still have yet to making my own coasters and shops, but I can tell I am in for a treat.All in all, Planet Coaster is definately a must buy in my book for those of you who love games such as Cities Skylines or Roller Coaster Tycoon, but also those who just love creative games where you can make anything your mind imagines. At the price point only at around $40, this is definately a game to consider and you should definately check out other reviews / streams / gameplay of it if you are on the fence."
,Recommended,493340,28693264,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Larry,AMAZING.Planet Coaster is by far one of the best games I have played ever.It's extreme attention to detail on all areas of the game make it the only games in it's genre.I spent 3 hours just making a small shop.I would reccomend the game to anyone.10/10 I have no complaints about this game.
76561198009804943,Recommended,493340,31298187,Posted: 22 April,all,Lead Pill,"Best Coaster Sim game ever,excellent editors building,terrain,coaster etc.graphics are up to date and look excellent"
,Recommended,493340,33226897,Posted: 4 July,all,[TF2HK]LoveCareer,"I love the happy atmosphere of this game. Workshop makes this game very ""expandable""."
,Recommended,493340,33330073,Posted: 6 July,all,Ai-DOS,"I wish my OCD would stop getting in the way of me playing this game. I just want that sweet sweet graphics and limitless customization. For anyone who doesn't have this game yet, I suggest you get it. Enjoy it. Cherish it."
,Recommended,493340,26649135,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Mattimaximus,"Very very fun game. Gives an insane amount of creativity that can be used with both the environment and the rides themselves. Only downside of this game is the occassional crashing. Other than that, great game. 9/10"
,Recommended,493340,26651022,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,nikky,"The real successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon 3. Don't buy that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, this is the one you are looking for."
76561198033888496,Recommended,493340,26673095,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,friiky2,"Realy like it. It does NOT give you the RTC1 or 2 feeling (Therefore you should have a look into Parkitect), but it has everything I think is needed to create its own feeling with a potential to an absolutely community driven hit.Best Theme Park Management game I every played."
,Recommended,493340,26649107,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ceza999,Takes me back to playing Thrillville on PS2. Great graphics/sound design and plenty of ways to fine tune your theme park.
,Recommended,493340,29866283,Posted: 11 February,all,Vulcanza,Good game to play.
,Recommended,493340,26650956,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,iwishforpie1,it's perfect.that's all i have to say.
,Recommended,493340,28240256,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Lefty,I have played it for just 2 hours and I am already loving it. I am feeling like when I was playing RCT 10 years ago.
76561198149935418,Recommended,493340,26727582,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,fuzzypickle16,"Game is really fun, the details you can make and the versatility of making coasters is great. I can see many hours that I should be doing homework or socializing instead being spent in this game."
76561198010420860,Recommended,493340,26678621,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,mrraybaker,"I am addicted!I just sit listening to the music watching people move around, making them happy.Reminds me of good times ""back in the day"" playing Theme Park.It's very easy to lose track of time when playing, and that for me is the mark of a good game!"
,Recommended,493340,26726951,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,TheNebulai,"In short, the best/most intricate theme park simulator on the market.The positives:- Great customization options (From fastpass, kids tickets, color wheel option, building designer, steam workshop)- Realistic physics and coaster construction, also very nice rating tool for coasters- Harder difficulties actually difficult- Sandbox/career/scenarios- Insane levels of details on rides and scenery (supports actually mold to the coasters correctly)- The pedestrian ""brain"" that they've made is intricate, park goers actually feel real and not just bodies- Graphics on highest settings are awesome (Also very stable even on my laptop with a 840m card!)The negatives:- Building can be a bit to learn (both coasters and scenary buildings) but there is workshop support for ease!- Organization of the parts are good but could be improvedThe devs have been incredible, supporting the game throughout its pre-release and into it's release. They've made sure to include features people have asked for and communicate constantly with everyone. I'm 100% satisfied with this game and can see myself spending hundreds of hours in it....I've already spent 2 hours building a bathroom....10/10"
,Recommended,493340,28061392,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,♦ Clown ♣,"- *Buys PC, runs it*- ""Im just going to get on for a sec to check it out....""-*11 Hours later*-""Well ive built my underground coaster, added sufficent scenery and my Park is halfway there!!"""
,Recommended,493340,30067976,Posted: 20 February,all,President Donald J. Trump,"I am super happy with this game. So much fun and the amount of time the devs put in to this really shows. If you are a fan of Roller Coaster Tycoon, you will absolutely LOVE this"
76561198354968481,Recommended,493340,32717884,Posted: 24 June,all,Sumasuka,VERY GOOD
,Recommended,493340,33221311,Posted: 4 July,all,Mr. President,"10/10. This is the REAL RCT 4, and by far the best theme park sim I've ever played.Pros- Free updates- Soo much customization you can literally build anything.- Great story and sandbox mode- Steam workshop for even more customization (not that you need it)Cons- None"
76561197993972569,Recommended,493340,28353425,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,jo_cool69,You can really get lost in all the features and building in this game.  Probably the most advanced park simulator ever.  Frontier is still tweaking some issues here and there but its so deep that I'm not surprised and look forward to all the free updates and content that Frontier and the Community create!
76561198001966843,Recommended,493340,28036825,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lord Rawash,"+ Infinite possibilities !- Infinite possibilities...And now I want to build a real theme park in real life ! Problem is, I know it wouldn't be as fun as this."
,Recommended,493340,26673100,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,fucked,"Everything that Frontier touches turns to gold. With this, they have basically made a diamond version of RCT3, and that is absolutely awesome. The graphics are top-notch but make sure that you have a decent graphics card to handle the highest level. I always appreciate game companies that fully cooperate with the community to help the game grow."
,Recommended,493340,35280502,Posted: 28 September,all,Styke,"A game with solid vision, excellent art direction, and so much polish that it shines in the dark.RCT2 fans dreamed of something like this for over a decade."
76561198121170864,Not Recommended,493340,35211587,Posted: 25 September,all,Stormer,"Gets boring really fastRecommended only if you like Free Building a park, even then it gets pretty repetativeAlso, theres no REAL campaign, only scenarios."
,Recommended,493340,29948209,Posted: 15 February,all,Captain foxtrot,Amazing game.Worth all your money!!!
,Recommended,493340,28042157,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GroXXo,"If you liked RCT3, BUY THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,493340,31003029,Posted: 7 April,all,jakealexandermurray93,"Well, the journey has been quite something with Planet Coaster!Originally, I wasn't going to be the sheep with regards to the never-ending battle of Rollercoaster Tycoon World and Planet Coaster. The answer was clear to me, I was going to get Rollercoaster Tycoon World as I am an avid player of all of the sagas and would be more than happy to support the team!Yes...so I did just that, I bought Rollercoaster Tycoon World, well I preordered it, and on the date it got released, I downloaded it, got myself comfy and couldn't wait to spend hours on it!.....wait....let me just load it up......*ten minutes later*....it's still loading? Hmm....must be a huge game!....OH MY GAWD IT'S LOADED AND LEMME JUST LOAD UP THE SANDPARK.....more loading?! Okay! let's just sit and wait......ooooooh it's looking really nice! Let me figure out how to build a simple rollercoaster.....nope...nope...just nope...annnd it crashed :(Let me just say, that was the beginning of a nightmare when it came to playing rollercoaster tycoon world....surely there would be updates and all that fun jazz?  No matter what I did, it just kept crashing, so I asked for a refund and told myself I was going to get Planet Coaster.....A few months later, after completely forgetting all about the game, I discovered I had extra money and saw Planet Coaster.  I will admit, it did feel like I was betraying my loyalty to a company I was sticking with for so many years.  But meh, if they want to feck up their own games, then I may as well give this one a go.All I can say is, with the little time I've been on it, it's been a wonderful, frustrating journey!It's been wonderful as I can see just how much work has been put in this game, there is so many possiblities, to the point I'm thinking whether to be original or copy from theme parks I've been to....I'm loving the fact I can customize my rollercoasters and loving how it's more...about the visitors, rather than just from the buisness side of things.  I'm able to ensure my rides are as enjoyable with regards to the scenery and queue times.  And loving the priority queues as well although I'm not able to convince my peeps to spend a fortune to skip the huge queues.  meh :LHow has it been frustrating for me?  Well, I didn't actually discover this major flaw until I really got into the game and thought by adding a lot of scenery into the ride, it should be much more enjoyable for both myself and my peeps, so I created this awesome looking sci-fi ride, full of aliens shooting at the peeps.  And plenty of things for the peeps to look at on the ride....it was friggen good! When I just finished the last few touches of the ride....a lovely looking message popped up stating ""Oops, looks like your game crashed!"".....wait whut....?! So it turns out the game isn't  fully developed yet, but it's miles away from the dreaded Rollercoaster Tycoon World.  (Top tip I learnt, F5 is the button to take you straight to the save menu...so if you're going to be putting a lot of time in your rides, then use this friggen button!) :PI've just played it for an hour or two and after writing this review, I just had a lot of great ideas to use for the sandbox! So let me spend all night on it..... :D"
76561198067153196,Not Recommended,493340,34982381,Posted: 15 September,all,Sekria -Gamergal - N7,"I loved roller coaster tycoon, but I honestly wouldnt recommed this game. I 800 dollar PC build it and its struggling to keep up even with shadows and many other features turned off in the graphics. It takes all the fun away from what could have been.Second reason is there is way to much micro managment going on my people are almost constantly quiting(yes even with training them and boosting there pay mutiple times) so my shops close. Then you have to find the shop just to open it again, wish they had a way so you could just do that to all of them. You have to add so much detail around the rides so people will be happy so you get 100% enviroment.I love the idea off being to get detail into the game, but I find myself fighting the the paths to even get them where I want them, Ive even used the grid system but to even think about connecting you have to exit then you can do it.So no I say save your money. -_-"
76561198100409972,Recommended,493340,28098204,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Vozze,You shouldn't be here you should be at the Add to Cart button!
76561198342613991,Recommended,493340,26726567,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,mackthecat004,I love the game planet coaster but it might lag out and crash alittle but i love this game beuase someone helped me fix my game crash!:)
,Not Recommended,493340,34137607,Posted: 9 August,all,My name is Mr...Snrub,"As others have said, there's something off about this game. And honestly, it's a damn shame. The graphics are very pretty and the level of customization is pretty cool. But it's hollow. So very hollow.I am a dedicated fan of the RCT series, having probably racked up around a thousand hours in them since I was a kid. If you're looking for a modern RCT, and I say this with a heavy sigh, keep looking. You will find pretty graphics and coasters that look nice, but you won't find anything interesting about actually running the park. I played a couple scenarios and when I finally got to the point of building my first coaster, I lost interest halfway before it was finished because I was just so bored to tears with the rest of the game.I rolled the dice on this game because I'm such a big fan of the RCT franchise. I should have listened to the reviews. If you're hardheaded like me, do yourself a favor and buy this game when it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,493340,35230535,Posted: 26 September,all,Yis Ser!,"It's a fun game and I think I'll play it quite a bit more. However, I paid real moneys for the game, I don't want your flapping DLC ads all over the place. I just want to relax and play the game in piece. If I keep enjoying the game - I'll buy the DLCs too. Right now - with the DLC ads - I'm just not buying anything from Frontier anymore until this is fixed. If that's never - so be it."
,Recommended,493340,28345102,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Wheatmap,good game.
,Recommended,493340,26645831,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Jpux,This game is perfection.
76561198042605753,Not Recommended,493340,26669595,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,bieber,"I actually really enjoyed this game -- if you just want to sandbox, it's quite fun. Insta-buy. But if you want to play scenarios/challenge mode and actually want a challenge managing a park, the management side of the game is far, FAR too easy. Just build a teacup ride and instantly attract hundreds of paying customers, earning yourself a steady income? Give me a break. It's just too easy. After the first 5 minutes, you basically have unlimited money for the rest of the game. So much of the fun in RCT was trying to appease all the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off customers and manage their various needs while struggling to balance the budget. That aspect is non-existent in this game. It's 100% about the sandbox building experience. I had a lot of fun doing that, but the management side of the game is too simple and not interesting for me, and I can't see myself staying engaged with this game long-term. I can't recommend this game as a result.PROS:- Very fun sandboxing experience.- Powerful, easy-to-use building tools.- Graphics and generally upbeat mood.CONS:- Management aspect is not remotely challenging at all. Feels like it needed months' more development. Far too easy.- Content is a bit lacking. I smell a Payday 2-style DLC fiesta incoming."
76561198183079430,Not Recommended,493340,26711041,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,flxd,"I generally don't write reviews on here but I was compelled to do so since I do not agree with the overwhelmingly positive response to this game.I refunded the game because I found the content lacking. Frontier has built a solid game engine, but I'm tired of developers releasing half-finished games with a vague promise of future support, whatever this might mean. Overly optimistic supporters seem to use this promise as an counterargument to any point of criticism pointed out about the game.I expected more rides and more in-depth gameplay requiring more management-oriented gameplay. Career mode was way too easy with generic and uninteresting objectives. Visitors seem to come running to your park even though it only has a couple of rides and they are happy to spend their money on whatever is available. Also, for a game so heavily focused on costumization I found it surprising that the game only included four themes: pirate, fairytale, western and sci-fi. I can come up with a huge number of themes that could have been implemented (spooky, egyptian, jungle, etc.) which would have made at least the customization aspect more interesting for me.When, and if, the game's content and gameplay mechanics have become updated in the future, I might give this game another go. As it stands today though, I cannot recommend this purchase."
,Recommended,493340,27486331,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MorganF,If you're a fan of the original RollerCoaster Tycoon games then Planet Coaster won't disappoint.
,Recommended,493340,26816401,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sentence skinboost.gg,Probably the best theme park building simulator to ever come out.
76561198183906473,Recommended,493340,30706932,Posted: 24 March,all,DynamitePlayz,"This Is A Game For Someone Who Has Time On Their Hands. Alot Of It. As Of Now, This Game Has Three Different Modes, Challenge, Sandbox And Carrer. If your looking for a fun thing to do, this game is the way to go. with constant free updates, that just keep adding on. I Would Recommend this game 300 times over. Only one thing: If your impatient, this might not be the game for you. In This game, some things take time. Outshines All RollerCoaster Tycoons by a large gap"
,Recommended,493340,26650950,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Berserk Jeff,"I spent so much time as kid playing the first 3 roller coaster tycoons. This is absolutely everything I could of hoped for in a sequel. The game is gorgeous, the customization is nearly infinite. The visual effects are incredible. I can spend hours just designing the scenery and lighting around an attraction. The tools are immensely powerful."
,Recommended,493340,26927999,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fluffinator,"Reminds me of my days playing Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, this is that, and more!"
,Recommended,493340,26733141,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Binksy,"A brilliant game and finally a successor to Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 we deserved!Pros-Very sleek, easy to use UI-Stunning graphics, runs very well on my modest system-I don't think I've ever seen this much customisation in a game in a very long time - EVERYTHING is customisable-Very easy to build rides and attractions-Steam Workshop support-I'm not even that creative but it's so simple to come up with a beautiful park!-Devs that actually listen to the community (a rarity these days)Cons-Challenge mode a tad too easy, people will come to your park pretty much regardless of what you doOverall, an awesome game, certainly worth a buy!"
76561198019721864,Recommended,493340,26722731,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Hollow_Knight,"Long term RollerCoaster Tycoon fan?  Welcome home!From the people who actually made RCT3 (Frontier Developments, NOT Atari) it's basically more of the same, but with hugely improved simulation, prettier graphics and, best of all, freeform custom coaster building!Having also played Elite: Dangerous, I'd be very surprised if Frontier didn't pile on more content and patches in the future much like they have in E:D, so there's also probably that to look forward too.I haven't played Atari's RollerCoaster Tycon World, but I have seen absolutely nothing to suggest it's anything more than a shallow cash in on the franchise name."
76561198036243385,Recommended,493340,26650193,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Shadowlauch,This game is all I ever wanted in a new iteration for this genre:* Beautiful* Complex* Good depth* Great customization options* Superb sharing aspect (especially for uncreative ppl like me)* Great value for moneyI adore this game!
76561198043837591,Recommended,493340,26819067,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Austindapro,Best coaster game
,Recommended,493340,26695454,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,flojod,"Oh... my... Gosh, i and both my daughters have totally fallen head over heels for this game (arguing over computer time).  As a fan of tycoon, sim type entertainment while my husband watches his box sets in peace (we do get on, honest!) this is just what i have been looking for.  Other than the occasional crash (its still early days and im sure a patch will come soon) this game hits all my buttons.  I was looking around today at some of the mods in the workshop, they look fab but still havent worked out how to use them in game, if anyone can help me with that it would be much appreciated? (I have since found where my mods are... no panic, phew!)Keep the updates coming and don't  EVER stop...."
,Recommended,493340,26650300,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Cilicou,"What to say ? No it's not the best park managment sim, BUT it's everything else .. Scenery, Buildings, Coasters .. everything else is god near perfection. You can build pretty much whatever you want and it feels amazing. The graphics are awesome, lighting is perfect and most of all you will spend 2 hours building a coaster and it's gonna feel like 30 minutes.TBH. this is the vision I had for the next RCT.Good Job Frontier."
76561198103842543,Recommended,493340,26705394,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Able company 刘导,That's the real RCT4!!!!
,Recommended,493340,26847814,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Miguesim,"95/100Me encanto, lo amo! Este es el Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, lo que que esta haciendo Atari, me encanta el diseño del juego, los colores y las diferentes formas de creacion, tiene herramientas muy faciles de crear, asi como es muy facil compartir tus creaciones con la comunidad. Lo unico que no me gusto mucho es que conforme va aumentando el tamaño de tu parque los FPS bajan bastante, no tenia ni la mitad de mi parque terminado, y solo 13 juegos y ya tenia 30FPS, a pesar de que tenia los graficos en bajo! :("
76561198054885990,Recommended,493340,26886995,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Geordex,Finally here it is!!! rollercoaster tycoon 4!! dont be fooled by that other rubbish title out there!this is the game you want to relive your youth!the only downside in this game i can find is that there are not enough premade shops and stalls and coasters.you have to go look in the workshop and find things you like in between a whole lot of crap people upload..not something a casual gamer who plays once in a while would want to do...oh and construction could be smoother and quicker.easy to start out with a bit annoying to master.dont read all of the above!and just buy this if you loved RCT3this games creates memories for life
76561198029107676,Recommended,493340,27152318,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FrozenRaptor,"All in all the game is just amazingit looks nice and the possibilities to customize your parks are endless.i am not the most creative player, but if you just place some trees and rocks the scenery will look much much better in combination with the graphics.The management is a little inconsistent in terms of money, sometimes it just disappears, but maybe i dont fully understand it right now.i am looking forward for new updates and additions and recommend this game for everyone who had fun back in the days with roller coaster tycoon."
76561197967211089,Recommended,493340,26646610,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,salman,"Love This game, hoping for co-op multiplayer in the future.."
,Recommended,493340,26671930,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Sundar,Better than M&D's
,Recommended,493340,26667014,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Gibbsman,"Bought the ""other"" coaster game during early access and was supremely disappointed. Was hesitant to buy this one, but after watching some twitch streams I picked it up. So happy I did. Great graphics, good controls, very enjoyable. Well worth the money."
76561198049061440,Recommended,493340,26852174,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TyrManuZ,Overall 8/10I bought this game with the estimation of creating awesome coasters.I ended up spending 90% of the time adjusting terrain and scenary for them.With the voxel terrain editing and the already big amount of objects you can place in the world you can create amazing stuff. I did not expect to find so much joy in that.The focus is mainly on the creative building part. The (financial) managing part is very simple (although you have a lot of sliders and stuff you can change). So far I find it not very challenging to keep a part profitable.Also the pathfinding of the guests is sometimes a bit weird. I had some City Skylines traffic management flashbacks.
,Recommended,493340,26650228,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Pvt. Rockii,"""Perfect"" is all I need to say"
76561198002054454,Recommended,493340,27300552,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,peak oil,This game is fun and plays great LOVE LOVE LOVE
76561198040737065,Recommended,493340,26858276,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bagodonuts,Love it! Lacks a bit of rides and shops hopefully some dlc coming prefer free lol... but still a great theme park sim!
76561198032573591,Recommended,493340,27300762,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,amodster,Fantastic Game. The developers have been very responsive to feedback and work to fix issues and make even subtle improvements to this already great game. Buy this game if you liked the previous Rollercoaster Tycoons!
76561198037147212,Recommended,493340,27301788,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mefaked7,"I love this game I have been waiting for the squel since RC3, however the crashes are literally doing my head in, I am saving my park every 5 minutes and have lowered my graphics to compensate, but nothing helps, but then it is early days I suppose.I really hope we get the same additions RC3 did, more themes, water park and wildlife would be amazing. Please fix your bugs, Im trying to send crash reports every time"
76561198029999394,Recommended,493340,27301979,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jax | JH,"This game reminds me of my childhood and teen years playing the RollerCoaster Tycoon series. My first play session was about 4 hours long, its one of the games I just cant stop playing. ""Just one more minute"" or ""Ill just finish this bit and turn it off after"" are common things I say to myself when playing and then end up playing for another hour or two.Pros+Nice UI, very simple and easy to control.+Good visuals from good looking graphics. Very easy to make good views for screenshots and such.+Simple camera controls and keyboard shortcuts.+The world feels very natural and can easily be made to feel full of life.+Very easy to build unique buildings and environments.+Steam workshop.+The game performs very well on my PC. Even during long gaming sessions.+Can make parks feel very unique from one another.+Lots of different and unique coasters. Coaster building is very easy and simple.+/-Not many default blueprints.+/-Not as many objects and placebles compared to RCT3. But hopefully this comes in updates or even expansions-Not enoungh park management features.-Poor NPC pathing. They walk into each other and get held up when going in opposite directions.-Not much customisation selling options with shops. Hat and balloon shops sell all themes for example.-Closed shops still have staff employed and cant be removed, which is just silly.-Shop staff become sad when shops aren't busy, and will end up closing the shop but stay working there."
,Recommended,493340,27302111,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Liberty Prime,Rollercoasters.11/10
,Recommended,493340,26646718,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Prince ♕ Stellar,its like rctw but not♥♥♥♥♥
76561197979702451,Recommended,493340,31196296,Posted: 17 April,all,Blck_Mohawk,"This game brings the fun back in theme park games! Forget 'that other' series - this is the theme park simulator you want.There is plenty of video material out there explaining you what you can expect, so I'll spare you that. But a game for this price that offers this much value is a steal. On top of that, the devs have launched a series of updates making the game even better post launch. At the moment of writing, this includes 2 updates that added major gameplay mechanics (new rides, new themes, new management systems, new staff). For free!Can't wait for the first big DLC!"
76561198043981761,Recommended,493340,26692865,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,[Origin] - Shade,Excellent -
,Recommended,493340,26720332,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,GoofyGrrl2,I Like this game. Turned out to be much better than RCTWorld although they are very similar.
,Recommended,493340,26720388,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Aspectsec,JUST ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME BUY IT GO FOR IT
,Recommended,493340,26721352,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Louis,"Amazing game. Beautiful visuals, great simulation and of course... IT'S A ROLLERCOASTER SIMULATOR! Only real downside is that there a few bugs where you unexpectedly teleport into a mountain and get stuck there; it's easily resolved with an update!"
76561198189420522,Recommended,493340,26670766,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Barking_Madness,"I’ve not played any other roller coaster games in the past and although I’ll dabble in the management side I’m really just enjoying the ability to use all these scenery pieces and terrain controls pieces to create interesting environments to build roller coasters in. Even if you don’t want to ‘hand make’ your scenery there’s still plenty of pre-made buildings to keep you going and I’m sure there will be some free upgrades and no doubt lots of DLC to come. Frontier have done an amazing job in capturing the atmosphere of a theme park, especially at night with the lights and sounds, both of which are stunning throughout the game. If you’re creative and/or like rollercoasters, you can’t go far wrong.Downsides: GPU and CPU intensive although with it not being a twitch game the lower frame rates when the park is busy isn’t as bigger issue as it could be. Some people have said the management side isn’t as fleshed out as it could be/they would like it to be. Having not played any before, I can’t say (or really care too much!).Overall: Excellent stuff and great fun if you need to scratch your creative roller coaster itch!"
76561197971749523,Recommended,493340,26678594,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Max,"The good ol' roller coaster tycoon, only newer, better and much more fun. GET IT."
76561198043417150,Recommended,493340,26679988,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ABYAY,"Although I haven't put the most hours into this game, I can highly recommend it without a doubt. For anyone looking at Rollercoaster Tycoon World and was quite let down, Planet Coaster will be there for you. I will explain why I recommend this game.+ The coaster building is phenomenal compared to most of the coaster games out there. It's easy to use, extremely flexible, and it makes each design unique in every way.+ The terrain editor is simple to use and makes tunnels for coasters quite the breeze. This can also be used for many other aesthetic purposes.+ Angle grids/snap points are a helpful tool to allow novice users to easily create buildings/pathways. For the expert users this option can be turned off to allow fully freeform styling.+ There's an undo button!+ Overall the game runs pretty well, albeit a few crashes. Luckily autosave is a thing.+ Graphics are done fairly well.I'm not going to say that this game doesn't have flaws though, and Jaggius in the reviews covers them pretty well (If you want hardcore critique, check that review since I agree with a lot of it.) I do feel that this game could have much more to it but to my knowledge the developers are working hard to release more content to the game. If I could add things to the game, they would be these:- More scenic options; while there are a good bit of options to choose from for now I don't believe they will fit everyone's needs.- Paintable glass buildings; right now we have the silver and bluish glass available for buildings. I'd enjoy if the glass could be adjusted.- Paintable landscape/water; in RCT3, for anyone who remembers that great game, you could paint the landscape to your needs with so many options. From what I've seen in Planet Coaster you're bound to a few tile sets based on your scenario. Being able to do that plus having the ability to use particlar layouts that can be painted would be wondrous. Also being able to change water color would be fantastic.- Customizable scenarios; for those who played RCT2 you probably remember the customizable scenarios you could make. Such a thing would be welcome in Planet Coaster to urge particular setups; can you make a park with the most fearful of rides to appease to the thrill seekers or can you make a park that appeals to the high density of children with families? It would also be good workshop content.- Multiplayer parks; I don't expect this to be a thing but I'll at least throw it out as a recommendation.All-in-all, this game as-is is great. It's worth its price and more content is sure to come."
,Recommended,493340,26680102,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,CSNinja,"This game has almost 100% customization, Mod/Workshop support, unbelieveable graphics for a building simulator. If you played any GOOD rollertycoon game in the early-mid 2000's then you will probally enjoy this game. I am a huge build sim player and this is easily the best one I have ever played. I thought Cities : Skylines was good, but this game blows that out of the water."
76561197993241885,Recommended,493340,26680938,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,pfsaba,They did it right. It's Roller Coaster Tycoon all over again but better. Lots better. Sometimes simple reviews are also better - why spoil things if the whole package is spot on? Just know this one is safe to buy.If you played Elite just imagine what they could do with Rollercoasters and you'll get it.Thanks Frontier! You guys rock.
76561198024812076,Recommended,493340,26685396,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Hack131313,"Plays great, and havent had any issues. Its like the game was actually finished before release. Take note big Devs."
,Recommended,493340,26693084,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Deygus,Wot I think..I admit this game is a heck of a lot better than Rollercoaster Tycoon World in several ways though I like that one too but even this one has quite a fair share of issues that really annoy the heck out of me just as much so read on to find out more..+PROS+1 - amazing graphics with amazing settings2 - tons of workshop content already3 - npc chars with their animations are terrific and stunning4 - lots of options5 - ui looks outstanding with tons of control6 - I feel like the park and scenery styling and overall look is much better and way more theme parky compared to the looks of it in RTCW7 - very fast load times which is fantastic-CONS-1 - I really dislike the pathing system in this game more than RTCW because I still can never get straight paths done right the first time without several attempts and the hints and controls don't really specify how to do it very well but if that changes i'll let you know2 - park size is a little bit bigger than it's original games but still a bit small3 - no park expansion which is something I really liked in the new RTCW which does have that feature4 - this game has crashed on me twice
,Recommended,493340,26721299,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,seu leitinho favorito,Planet Coaster is to Rollercoaster Tycoon what Cities: Skylines was to SimCIty.
,Recommended,493340,26721356,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,TheBushSpy,"Really Great Game, looks wonderful. Controls for consrtcition needs work tough"
76561198209664785,Recommended,493340,26721363,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,EpicGamers,The best Rollercoaster Disneyland builder simulation on the market
76561198029423256,Recommended,493340,26668692,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Naevo,Spending an hour on a toilet design 10/10
,Recommended,493340,26668782,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,TheGrimnir,"I spent 10 hrs last night playing this game, in ONE sitting! Just buy the game already!This is an amazing game with our current standerds in mind; graphics, layout, ease of use. It is a well polished game with its own unique style, and it's addictive. VERY addictive.pluses: Animatronics! simple terrain editing *it looks like wheat bread!*, buildings, tons of options and selections.The only thing about this game that i found somewhat limiting is the amount of content but, Im sure there will be additional packs etc to add. Yet, to contradict that, you can edit and design your own stuff and convert them into ""blueprints"" which allows you to create your own unique content.Lastly, editing the pathways can be somewhat daunting at times. why? curved paths, or round paths are difficult to obtain and hard to perfect. your given a little more freedom to move your paths around and shape them but wont be perfect.So stop reading this rediculous review and JUST BUY THE GAME! BUY IT NOW! let it suck the life out of you while you play hours on end."
76561197961171584,Recommended,493340,26678543,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,K31TH3R,"This is the park building simulator you want to buy. I'm glad I made the decision to avoid RCT:W after playing the beta. It just didn't feel like good old RCT3 did. This met my expectations and exceeded them. Even though I have just started playing the first scenario and have only explored the basic park building features so far, I can already tell this will elevate itself high up in my list of favorite games, just like RCT3. The atmosphere is amazing, the interface is intuitive and layed out well. The construction features are powerful and I can place things exactly how I want them.This game will not appeal to those who didn't like RCT3. This is definitely it's spiritual successor, and if you find managing parks and making the most aesthetically pleasing rides and scenery, this game isn't for you. But if you liked RCT3 even just a little, this is exactly the game you want to buy and you will be thoroughly impressed with what's been achieved with this incredible piece of software. BRAVO!"
76561198027892048,Recommended,493340,26681709,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SatanSpaun,"10/10 would recommend to all. I'm loving the game, it's truly a great sandbox game and scratches my inner Roller Coaster Tycoon itch that RCTW does not.Now if only they could add a Harambe entertainer..."
,Recommended,493340,26681747,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Fat Boo Bear,"Best rollercoaster tycoon-type game to date.  Why? Cause its made by the original devs who made them :)  The art style, the aesthetics, and almost comical and pixar like guests are just marvelous.  How much customization and detail you can put into your park is revolutionary for this type of game.  Management is a bit on the easy side at the moment but that is easy to patch out later on.If there's a downside I would say its the lack of weather effects.. no rain, wind, snow or storm.  All you get at the moment is day and night transitions.  The controls are a bit complicated as well if you're not used to this type of game and it lacks some building materials that made some creators to resort to improvising items that arent meant for the job to do the job.Overall though, I love Planet Coaster.  Its like a canvas that you can paint your wildest dreams of a theme park.  And like any painting, it takes skill and hours of dedication to properly translate what's in your mind to the canvas.I rate 9/10."
76561198233314280,Recommended,493340,26682913,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,CaffeineFreak,I bought the game but it wont run. What are the minimum requirements to play the game?
,Recommended,493340,26649224,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Martin,"If you enjoy building and managing theme parks, this game is all for you.It's possible to design every building and ride, to the smallest of details. If that's not entirely your thing though, the steam workshop has plenty of people posting their own for you to use.I love designing buildings and scenery pieces and have gotten so caught up in it that I have not finished a single park as of yet. Probably another 40hrs and I will!"
76561198093864379,Recommended,493340,26651808,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ÐeadSexy,"One of the best roller coaster games I've ever played, it's utterly fantastic with customization from clowns to aliens what else would you want, this is the type of game I would have loved to play when I was younger cause you can be so creative and take all the time in the world for it :D a smashing 10 out of 10."
76561197993202153,Recommended,493340,26652550,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nailfoot,"Very fun theme park builder! If that is what you are looking for, look no further. The number of attractions is quite good. I believe the people that have concerns about that have, perhaps, not researched new attractions.To be honest, the research screen is easy to overlook. Once you know where it is and that many more attractions are locked behind it, a whole new world opens up."
76561197985053457,Recommended,493340,26666476,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Jogocown,"This is a game that got it right. The attention to detail, the features, the graphics, the accessibility, the sense of accomplishment. its all there. And with updates in the future, my few complaints seem to be quite temporary. here is breakdown as detailed as I can make it at midnight.PROs:1. The audio and Music is one of the biggest things for me. Their choice to feature acoustic guitar extraordinaire Jim Gunthrie was an excellent choice. if found myself finding the soundtrack on spotify and adding some the songs to my favorites. Its great music that keeps you in the mood and helps you stay in game for a long time!! the audio is also extremely on point, with peoples screams and reactions occuring at the right times within a ride and around the park. the ride sounds are extremely authentic, as If youre standing in Cedar POint or Busche Gardens. So great job on this.2. Graphics are amazing with excellent physics in game and lighting that definitely sets the ambiance and has a very raw and authentic feel to it. the special effects and lights that you can add can really give life to your park and give you huge satisfaction and sense of awe as the sun sets and rises.3. Features: there are so many things to discover in the game, youll never be bored....sometimes you even may feel overwhelmed, which brings me to my first CONCONS:1. in any game that presence a massive array of items to the user, its important that they dont feel too overwhelmed. Civilization does a good job of keeping the player informed and provides an in game encyclopedia for its users. I think this game would benefit and make the menus and item navigation alot easier if that was a thing. I need a sum-up of all the features so i dont have to exit the game and google how to expand a coaster station, how to work the new trigger system, or something of the like2. performance: YOU NEED A GOOD CPU. graphics cards are secondary in this game. i have a watercooled 980ti and i5 4690k and 16gb ram....this game stutters when i move the camera around the park, and im not sure whats causing this. when im not moving the camera around, it runs nice and smooth. i have also heard complaints from many others....ill leave this at the game runs smooth but has its moments when the parks get big, just make sure your pc is on par and/or the graphics are turned down and youll be fine3. in all my praise of the audio, it does seem to be a bit glitchy.... coming in and out when it wants to and wierd volumes. some sounds of the flat rides starting up and slwoing down can be overpowering at times. nothing that cant be fixed with an updateSumming up: DEFINITELY BUY THIS GAME. I was an unfortunate victim of RCTW and coming from that game, I can clearly see the difference in amount of work, time, detail, and sheer motivation that was put into this game from the DEVs. Ive been gaming since mario 64 and there are only a few games that I can look back on and say I was happy to support the developers by buying the game....this is one of them."
,Recommended,493340,26666514,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,๖ۣۜEldэя ๖ۣۜPяIngLэs,"I was triggered by this game. It brought back memories of RCT3 and all the awesome rides I'd built, guests that I rekt'd for teh lulz and days if not weeks I lost playing RCT3.Seriously though this game is well done. It runs smoothly, looks great and the trailers for it are accurate! The scenery is beautiful and the interface is intuitive.I'm running on all high settings with no stuttering on my current rig that consists of the following:FX-835016GBs RAMGTX 1060 SCI can also see that the game is utilizing all 8 cores on the CPU as God intended.Overall: 12/10"
76561198000542582,Recommended,493340,26646849,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Damienlars,"Beautiful game , it brings back all the good feelings of rollercoaster tycoon from my youth.I adore the customization in all aspects of the game such as making your own unique buildings.The Graphics are perfect and on max settings astounding to behold.Maintaining the park seems to have a steeper learning curve then RCT3 but that is in no way a bad thing.The only issues ive had so far is random crashes that will be fixed hopfully at launch.Honestly i went in expecting just a clone of RCT and so far ive gotten much more out of it then i could have hoped for. :D9/10 - Near perfect aside from some technical issues right at the moment"
76561197971984146,Recommended,493340,28907659,Posted: 1 January,all,ziporama,"Planet Coaster ReviewThis is my very first coaster / park management title so I have no basis of reference as I write this.What I like-	good coaster physics and building tools – several coaster types and associated track types make it really nice; clearly, Frontier knows their coasters-	Couple of water rides-	Ability to replicate real world rides-	ability to ride the attractions from multiple angles is really nice-	decent park management features and challenges to make money-	huge time sink and re-playability-	good selection of coasters and other ride types-	good surfacing tools – specifically ability to build tunnels,  landscape arches and change terrain elevation – I think the tools are probably the best I’ve seen in any game to modify terrain-	Ability to create your own blueprintsWhat I wish for-	finding objects for structure buildings (houses, etc…) can be a chore and very slow-	pre-made objects for some themes (old west for example) are far and few between-	better placement of objects along paths – placing garbage cans or benches for example is prohibited in some spots with no apparent reason.-	Larger build area – the base area is large but there is no selection to pick a park size (only a basic landscape theme such as desert, alpine, etc...)-	Ability to edit/modify pre-made track shapes, such as loops.  This makes alignment and smoothing tracks a bit of a chore as these pre-made items cannot be edited (that I could figure out anyway).-	Track brake / block splits not supported on most curved / angled tracks (even one slightly tilted disables the options) – would be nice to have a button that says “make this section straight”-	Some vertical collision is weird – such as – can’t place some tracks above a path without removing the path first – even if there’s plenty of clearance.-	Would be nice for the auto-tunneling feature to also apply to paths when created so that it’s easier to path through uneven landscape.-	Waterfalls are a bit of a challenge to create – the special effect tools like jets are nice but creating a realistic looking water fall or water flowing down is a challengeWhat I don’t like-	Inability for a player/modder to create new objects in the game (create my own objects from a tool like Blender) – I get that limitation for tracks, but for basic objects like building materials and flora, would be nice to add variety because while there’s a large selection, the one you really need is simply not there.  I’m specifically missing the ability to create thinks like planks, trees, rocks and bushes-	Vertical alignment (z) can cause objects to move way below ground where they are impossible to select later if you don’t pay attention"
,Recommended,493340,26867801,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sai'Raks,"A stunning game, crafted with love and professionalism. Revival of the roller coaster genre."
,Recommended,493340,26904299,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DeviantXS,"[Steam Awards: This game just keeps me hooked; whenever I have to use the bathroom or sleep already, I just stay there, glued in the screen for more coasters to build. Truly, a fantastic experience. The cartoon charm it has is perfect, and its a joy to see. No other game has done this lately, but Planet Coaster truly delivers the procastination we all were asking.]- NOTICE TO ALL BUYERS -Before buying this game and reading the tiny review, you need a VERY POWERFUL COMPUTER. The specs don't fool around, FPS WILL DROP WHEN YOU BUILD MORE COASTERS AND HAVE GUESTS AROUND. Get a server class CPU and maybe you'll be good. (Probably not) Please look at the minimal/recommended requirements before purchasing.ALSO!!!!This game uses DENUVO, which may turn some of you off for the ""makes games slower"" issue. Frontier has addressed that if DENUVO servers are shutdown, they'll release a patch without DENUVO. Still, you can play offline at anytime except when new updates are installed. One-Time Authentication is required when updates occur, or simply you re-installed the whole game under a new machine. (For more information please access DENUVO's site or look the wiki page)[Also, how does it make it slow if DOOM 2016 runs so good with it? Yeah, betcha you didn't notice that.]Oh, you good with that? OkPlanet Coaster, is it a good game?Good is a understatement, GOTY is more appropriate.Create, Manage, and Share your wildest coasters you can make. There is no strings attached, its simply a must buy for RCT3 lovers. There is a slice for RCT1/RCT2 lovers, but you do have to evolve from the Isometric system. RCT1/RCT2 lovers should buy Parkitect instead, it uses the isometric 3d view with a locked grid system.For me, I think this is the next step in Theme Park simulation! Its far from RCTW's flaws, and has new features that make the game even better. Like building your own Coaster Station, using animated assets, and the workshop content which is superb regarding the quality.This was the game we needed in RCTW; Instead, Frontier Delivered... not Atari."
,Recommended,493340,26792617,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,=clown=,"So far, I really love this game.If you were into the previous RollerCoaster Tycoon games (except of World), then you'll probably like this as well."
,Recommended,493340,26695832,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Alex Ovenchicken,"Absolutely fantastic piece of programming; an amazing range of creativity and control; once you understand the controls. It's a great game for simulator freaks that love micromanagement and balancing the pros and cons of a theme-park.It's easy to get lost in the world, and so far the game has been phenomenal. The graphical immersion and attention to detail make it a must have, especially at the price point.There's much to do in the Single-Player, but I find the Sandbox mode is massively fun to be artistic in. There are many customization options, and in some ways; you may feel like you're working in an open-world 3D editor at times. It's easy to take base elements and add objects and other models to the design to change the appearances of stock objects. There are many resizing elements that will help you get the right fit.It will be interesting to see how the community around this game develops custom content through the workshop.The music is light hearted and varied with whimsical upbeat tone; and can be managed alongside a multitude of other configuration options, allowing this to be run on many different systems after configuration.Now only if they could develop a home-based hydraulic chair to simulate the g-forces..."
,Recommended,493340,26958488,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tomtendo,"Great game. Really beings back my child hood from the RCT1 and 2 days.Incredible detail and graphics. The controls are sometimes a little challenging or will take time to get use to, but nonetheless this is the roller coaster game we've all been waiting for.Building your own coaster and riding it in first-person feels so real.One thing I wish the game had more of was pre-built coasters. Their is literally only like 10. Other than that, you build everything. But it looks like they're adding more. So I guess that'll solve itself soon.I personally haven't had performance issues few others have had. I'm playing on ultra on my 980 in 1080p. The only time my cam did crash was when I had CAM fps counter on. So I disabled that and it never crashed again.I would give this game a 8.5/10. Room for improvement for sure, but definitely the new king of the genre.Well done devs."
76561197983567795,Recommended,493340,27284964,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wild Samich,"Really hard to stop playing. I always want to just make one more addition to my park. Everything is great about this game except for the difficulty curve. After building about 5 attractions I was earning more money than I knew what to do with.-terraforming is probably the best I've seen in any game-creating custom park assets is fun and easy-creating coasters and other rides is very intuitive, I never used a tutorial-game is beautiful, even on medium settings that I use-ui reminds me of cities:skylines"
,Recommended,493340,28874795,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kanye Trump,"A great and modern take on the Roller Coaster Tycoon games, and that genre as a whole. A rollercoaster management simulator, with good graphics and superb atmosphere. Though, there are some notice deficiencies. Most noticeably would be the stange idiosyncrasies displayed by the park guests, and the weak management aspects. That being said, there are far more positives then negatives. First of all, the path building is smart, clean and easy to use. The actual coaster builiding is creative, while still retaining a minimal learning curve. Finally, the scenery tools are far and away the most extensive part of the game. The options are almost unlimited, with millions of pieces giving the player an option to create whatever is to their heart's content. Planet Coaster is a gem for coaster enthusiasts and newcomers to the genre alike, though if you're looking for an extremely deep management game, maybe look elsewhere. --- (8.8/10) 👍"
,Recommended,493340,27485430,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blaziken,"(Summary at the bottom)I've been following this game for a while and I can say that this game is probably the best theme park simulator game yet, and probably will be for a long time.If you are unaware, this game is made by the devs of Rollercoaster Tycoon 3, and is that games spiritual successor. Rollercoaster Tycoon World, the newest RCT game, is this games 'rival' (I use that term loosely) and is pretty much worse in every single way. Now that is out of the way, I will go into the positives.Frontier, the developer, is constantly in touch with the community and are very open about their design decisions and development. They are building this game as long time fans of the genre, so they know a lot about the game . They are the company behind Elite: Dangerous and have sustained a massive community as well as providing a lot of updates and extra content, which I think we can expect with Planet Coaster.The artstyle is brilliant and the lighting is gorgeous. The graphics are really nice. The game is pretty well optimised considering the thousands of guests and detail pieces in a park.The terrain tools are very powerful, and there is a huge park area available for you to build on. You can spend hours making a landscape for your park.The coaster builder doesn't disappoint. The devs know a lot about coasters in the real world and they certainly put that to use, with the depth (yet relative simplicity) of the tools available. The trigger system lets you activate special effects, lights, sounds or animatronics at certain points of the ride and really integrates the ride more with the theming and scenery of the park, as well as making slow rides more rewarding and enjoable to build.That being said, the building builder (can't think of what else to call it) is also incredibly detailed and easy to use. It is almost as rewarding to make a detailed and themed building than it is to make a coaster, and this really lets your park become your own. It can seem limited at first but after a bit of getting used to it is really powerful - just look at the workshop.These building tools, put together with the detailing and theming objects, really make this game the most personalised and customised any coaster game has ever been. You really feel like you created all of it, from the entrance and the rides to the scenery and the shops... you can spend hours just detailing a queueline for a ride or building the station from scratch, and it is very rewarding when it all comes together. You can sit back and go around your creation, and how the guests interract with it.If you aren't very creative or struggle to build something you can just download things from the steam workshop. There are already some stunning rides and buildings available there, and it can only get better. You can absolutely enjoy this game without even touching any of the building design tools.The only real downside is that you need a pretty beefy PC to run the game at a reasonable framerate after you start to get lots of guests and rides. I've heard the management side of the game isn't strong but with the amount of detail I can put into my parks I haven't really tried anything other than sandbox yet.In summary, a really good theme park sim game with insane amounts customisiability, detail and freedom. Thoroughly recommended if you are even slightly interested in games like this, or have enjoyed RCT games in the past."
76561198039799258,Recommended,493340,26836323,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OJ Shrimpson,"""just 5 more minutes"" you think to yourself.After what seems like 5 minutes you try to stand up but fall to the ground for your muscles have atrophied because you've been playing Planet Coaster for 7 days straight.Phoenomenal game would rot in my chair/ 10"
,Recommended,493340,26973560,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stephen Paddock,This game is perfect. It runs on a toaster and looks absolutely stunning doing it.Atari on suicide watch right now...
,Recommended,493340,31179276,Posted: 16 April,all,XT3ME,Worthy successor of RCT
,Recommended,493340,26920560,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yozora No Ryuu,"Amazing game, being able to customize the building how you wish, adding your own music and developers who listen to their customers to make the game better.You cant ask for a better game"
,Recommended,493340,27119043,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Inbread Cat,"I loved Rollercoaster Tycoon growing up.This game not only brings back that feeling I had building awesome themeparks, but adds a MASSIVE amount of more customization and fun to what already was a great game concept.My ratingsPerformance: 9/10.It runs very smooth on my machine (i5 4690, GTX970, 8GB, game installed on SSD).The game's loading times are great and it looks very good too. I had the game crash for me on one occasion when I alt-tabbed a bunch of times during startup, though. But you can send a detailed crash report to the devs when it crashes.Graphics: 8/10I like the cartoony look, it really fits this game. And the lighting and the textures are beautiful.It might need some better anti aliasing, since the wooden coasters or trees look a little choppy from a distance.Also, there are some lighting/shadow glitches sometimes.All in all, great looking game.Gameplay: 9/10The only somewhat negative thing I can mention: the scenery rating system is really easy to exploit. Some scenery items just give much more points and you can just spam those to get it up.Other than that, playing this game is a LOT of fun.-The controls works smoothly.-The amount of customization is staggering, you can really build anything you can imagen if you put in some time-The custom coaster maker is AMAZING. You can test your rollercoasters and you can see a ton of stats while testing; How much vertical G, how fast, how nausiating, how high, how much airtime... etc etc. Great for building your perfect coaster!The singleplayer career is really fun too and the learning curve is really well made.I very rarely think a game is worth it's full price. But I think this game is worth every penny of the pricetag."
76561198043620976,Recommended,493340,27325482,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,b.,"Planet Coaster delivers one of the best theme park building experiences ever.  It can be likened to Rollercoaster Tycoon 3, and unlike Rollercoaster Tycoon World, feels like an actual successor to RCT3.  If Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 was your thing, or perhaps you love the feel of creating a beautiful thematic world for people to enjoy, this is without a doubt something to check out."
76561197970827058,Recommended,493340,27150473,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WarBlade,"Despite the fact of little content, this game blows RollerCoaster Tycoon World out of the water!"
76561198006583064,Recommended,493340,27286931,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DruelTheGamer,"The best park simulation game.  RIP RCTW.  When it came out it was full of content and stable.  They have been optimizing the game play to allow for larger parks.  If you enjoy the creative aspect, this is the game for you.  If you are looking for a park simulation, this game is still better than other games on the market, but it needs improvement.  A must buy."
,Recommended,493340,27297473,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Syl,"Awesome.  The true sequel to RollerCoaster Tycoon.The Grid is removed and everything is freeform, makes for some amazing scenery and some awesome coasters."
,Recommended,493340,31163689,Posted: 15 April,all,TheCodingMax,"What do I think about Planet Coaster? Well, let's get one thing straight. If you plan to study after buying this game, you need to prepare yourself for another year of school as you won't be able to. The game is not only very pretty, well made and fun, it brings you back to the old days of RCT 1, 2 and 3. The game is awesome, letting your mind control whatever you want.I will recommend this game to anyone! It is a fun and awesome game waiting to be played by any creative person who loves themeparks!"
76561197973857340,Recommended,493340,26903784,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Klugman,"If you loved Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 you will absolutely adore Planet Coaster.   Frontier has once again blown us all away with great visuals, sound and gameplay.  You will not be sorry for getting this Game; instead you will be inspired to get creative as you build and manage your very own theme park.  All Aboard !!!"
,Recommended,493340,26648681,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,HiiiPower,"This game is incredible. It may be day one, but already is a vast improvement over certain competing products.The visuals for a start, are nothing short of amazing. They are well optimised and when run on full at 144hz, are silky smooth and feel like a current generation game. Nothing feels recycled and is all fresh and new.In addition to this, the game's audio is really well thought out, the sound of the crowds isn't a loop, nor is it loud and irritating. All the sounds seems to be ambient unless in focus and this helps you to concentrate whilst working.For the actual game mechanics, this is what the new generation of park sims should be aiming for. It is really intuitive and the familiarity for previous park sim players are still there. I was a major RCT 1,2 and 3 fan and this is a natural evolution for controls and how to operate the park. It feels as if everything has taken the next step.Creating paths, scenery and even the coasters is so simple it can be taught to anyone coming to the game. Every detail has been considered and information not previously elaborated on in similar games (Such as a velocity map on the ride) has now been included.Customisation is a higher level than a Call of Duty loadout, everything from entrance styles to colours has been included and the best bit is that there's no microtransactions to use the many choices already implemented. Due to this, no two parks will be the same and players can really make their own park exactly how they envision them.The only downside I can think of (after REALLY thinking about it) is that there is a lot to take on all at once. Even then, the game likes to step in and help where it can through easy to use interfaces and a fairly simple UI that makes it very intuitive.After having a long break from really putting some hours into a park sim, I must admit that I will be investing a lot of my time into this game, it has been a long time in the making and it seems that it was for all the right reasons. I fully recommend this game and people should give it a try, even if not a park sim fan.This game will surprise you and you should definitely give it a try!++EDIT++ After spending some more time in this post-launch, I can safely say that it does not fail to impress at any stage, everythjing is so well made and community content only extends the potential and the life of this game."
76561198030883476,Recommended,493340,26650596,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,HotBrain,"Refreshing! Finally a game release that delivers more than promised. Frontier... you did it again! First Elite Dangerous, now this great and complete game. Played RCT a lot and all the good stuff that made these games great are in Planet Coaster. From simple things like a work roster for the staff to building great coasters above and below ground (or a nice mix of both). Loads of decorations, funny animations and almost complete freedom to build a park as you want it. I’m very happy with the unofficial successor of the RCT franchise. Atari... watch, play and learn!"
76561198024603808,Recommended,493340,26652500,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Xarunah,This game is awesome! worth the waiting for! Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,493340,26653028,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,London,"Everything you could of wanted from similar developers is now reality. From the biggest of rides, to the smallest of details, it's all here, and it's amazing.5*"
,Recommended,493340,26653127,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,snokey,"Probably the best Rollercoaster sim game to ever come out, give the community more time and I am sure the Workshop will be filled with some AMAZING creations."
76561198003565840,Recommended,493340,26653184,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nednada,"Best theme park simulator ever. Highly customisable, wonderful graphics, awesome attention to details, amazing tools... Buy it and see for yourself."
,Recommended,493340,26664409,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,"Hyps,♥","Planet Coaster is the definition of fun. It brings out your creativity in ways I've never imagined before, and I definitely recommend it to anybody who's played any simulation game. Think of it as Cities: Skylines as it is to SimCity. Better in every single way."
,Recommended,493340,26668042,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Black Dahlia,"Good game. Absolutely good game but there's a little lag. I think optimization is still poor.Except that one, Fxxk it RCTW."
,Recommended,493340,26672963,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Allison,It's everything I hoped and more!!! I want to play it all day.
,Recommended,493340,26710864,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Scout,Brings back memories of when RCT was good. Except this game is so much better.
,Recommended,493340,26646055,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Leon | Fluxx Gaming,"Fantastic game, very fun, very addictive. One of the best games I have played in a long time. I loved the Rollercoaster Tycoon series, I enjoyed playing Rollercoaster Tycoon world for a very small amount of time, I had fun but it doesnt compare to Planet Coaster. Rollercoaster Tycoon world is filled with bugs and is hardly playable. Unlike Planet Coaster, where ive never witnessed one bug, had loads of fun, very optimized (I have a gtx 970 and i7 4790k w/ 16gb ram). I love the game and reccomend it. Definately worth the purchase and gets a thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,493340,26646078,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,jordanamooney,"Simply one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played. A hell of a lot of fun, tons of atmosphere and detail. This is a game created by people with passion for the subject matter and passion for the product. There's lots to make one laugh, there's an ability to create a whole new world and the entire thing is hugely immersive. Factor in ridiculously powerful building tools, an enormous range of scenery, a massive range of terrain modification and a great selection of rides and it becomes a real time sink. I've been playing for hours at a time and completely losing track of how long it's really been.It isn't stressful, or frustrating - it moves with fluidity and tries to enhance your skills rather than challenge them.I've not had so much fun with a game in a long time. Finally, our new Rollercoaster Game is go!"
76561198002150602,Recommended,493340,31145077,Posted: 14 April,all,REAL FRIEND Roast Lord,"Awesome Game. Great Updates, what more can you ask for..."
,Recommended,493340,28770719,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Samadglgmut,"Great game, albeit with some flaws here and there, but the devs seem to be pretty active on fixing problems and adding content. Roller Coaster Tycoon fans will love this game."
76561197995933415,Recommended,493340,26653267,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SigmaJump,"An amazing experience. The track designer is so far beyond what previous RCT games did that it really feels like if you can dream it, you can build it. And the building designer and scenery tools are again, just so customizable that you feel like you can create anything. And the terraforming... THE TERRAFORMING...That said, there are a few negatives. The path system is pretty wonky (lines and grids don't get along very well, and sometimes it feels like ""Guess what the game wants to you tell it to do""), and the learning curve in general is really steep at first (but pleateaus pretty quickly), especially if you're used to earlier RCT games. And finally, especially if you're used to previous RCT games, the lack of ride types, train types, shop types, it's kinda jarring. Hopefully at least that last bit will be fixed with content patches and DLC.But in the overall scheme of the game, those are minor quibbles. It really is an amazing experience, and the definitive theme park designer out there."
76561198050406476,Recommended,493340,26665493,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Armyof19,"Amazing Game! The Controls are relativly intuitive and I love the mascots. Although a few criticisms I have are when in sandbox mode rides can still break down and your employees can quit. Another one is the performance, I hope in the future the game is optimized better because it's kinda laggy when I start making my park big(ish). TL:DR I Really love the game and have been playing since the beta, I definitely say this is worth the cost, and I completely recomend it!"
76561197998577992,Recommended,493340,26665607,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Herman Lejter,10/10 best park tycoon game.
76561198076323495,Recommended,493340,26665708,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MWB | Apapaya,Best game ever:)))))))))))))
76561198028362818,Recommended,493340,26671421,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Frodo sagbag,"There are so many things to say about this game, so I will simplify it for those who want a new Simulator:Positives:Superb GraphicsSeemingly unlimited customising within each category (sci-fi, western, modern, fairy tale etc)Great Coaster options, presets, and blueprints from people like SilvarretThe ability to adapt speeds of coasters to fit your park is amazingCustomising each and EVERY building to your needsTerrain editting is VERY easy and a fantastic tool. It being cheap in career/challenge mode is a great bonus!The different modes are fantastic, and the ability to blueprint buildings and rides for use between parks is greatThe research mechanic is fantastic, but I would say make it a little more obvious in challenge mode that you can get loans.Negatives:I feel like I could do with more themes, or maybe an easier way to see certain categories. For example, if I tick sci-fi, there are no wall or ceiling options. This is due to them not having categories like that, but maybe tagging them with sci-fi and mdoern would help.Some themes can feel a little emptyThe menus can be slow at times. I'm running on an i7 6770k (Not overclocked yet), 16 GB RAM and a 1070In terms of Simulators, this is top tier. Up there with cities skylines, and genre defining in the roller coaster sim genre.9/10 - The Pros far outweigh the Cons, and you will find yourself spending days at a time coming back to your park to add one thing or another"
,Recommended,493340,26672675,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Belozoglue,"my first impression with this game was so ♥♥♥♥**g gorgeous!from the very first time i launched this game i immediately fell in love with it,  such a beautiful interface and enchanting music gives me chills everytime..and it gets more and more interesting the scenery, the rides, the peeps, the new control, i just♥♥♥♥♥ng love it! this game feels so alive and gives a pure joyafter all these years waiting for a successor of a legendary RCT3 and a disappointment from their official sequel, finally the true successor to the throne is here! ﻿10/10 would recommend this game"
76561198308551257,Recommended,493340,28878686,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SUB-ZERO,"If you have ever been to Universal Studios, this will really bring the vibe back :'D"
76561197965128446,Recommended,493340,27209357,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Drazhar,"That is the kind of game I was searching for!You have many possibilities in terms of managing your park! You can change ticket prices, food prices, salaries, train your staff and even change the toppings of burgers or the ingredients of milkshakes!The implementation of the workshops works very well and if you do not want to design every little tiny bit of your park by yourself you can download something or just search for ideas!This game is a timekiller and I am really looking forward to the next hours!"
,Recommended,493340,26646444,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Possemaster,"This game is going to be a massive time-sink. It has everything you can think of.This game is an intuative, beautifull, very detailed and perfect theme park building game.- Pros -It has stunning graphics and is well optimized.It has tons of highly detailed rides, shops and coasters.You can build everything the way YOU want.It has an advanced building mode so you can place 3d objects in 3d space to make the perfect shop, a castle, a robot or anything you can imagine.The simulation is very good with tons of micro management options, like Staff, prices even how much salt is on fries in the shop.And last but not least, the Developers listen to your feedback and almost everything the community addressed during BETA was fixed and even more than we asked.- Cons -My wife left me as I am married to this game now.My boss fired me as I am a Theme Park architect now.- Conclusion -This game is worth every penny.This is the next GEM in Theme-Park Building by far.Well done, Frontier"
,Recommended,493340,26648363,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,GarretMP,"This game is a huge creative outlet. You have a huge amount of freedom in all aspects of the things you can create: terrain, foliage, scenery, rides... It's done insanely well. This game pretty much goes as deep as you want it to.One of the coolest things to me in roller coaster sims like the old (good) RCT games was making stuff actually look good, and not only does this game give you pretty much full control, it rewards you for doing so. A ride with scenery is more highly rated than other rides.I'm extremely happy with this game. It's a breath of fresh air to get something that has delivered on its promises so well. Runs great, looks great. Definitely recommend, plan on putting lots of hours into this.Great work developers, you earned it."
76561198081610087,Recommended,493340,26648439,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,notlawjosh,"Will keep this review short, buy it. 👍🏻💶💵💴💷💳💸"
76561198103065768,Recommended,493340,26664000,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,a_praet,AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,493340,26652194,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,puptake,This right here is a god damn good theme park builder game
,Recommended,493340,26668287,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,EEGAN,Absolutely lit game fam
76561198372529551,Recommended,493340,31283247,Posted: 21 April,all,garylasereyes,Best theme park game I've ever played. The campaign wasn't as good as RCT3 but that's not going to matter to many. The peeps don't look much better than RCT3 other than variety in clothing which I was at least pleased to see. Lots of user-created content which is amazing and everybody who owns this game should at least scan the first 50 or so pages of the most popular section and grab whatever interests them. Some of the coasters in there made with the Torque coaster are quite simply the best I have ever seen. (Like Planet Coaster and Inferno to name a few...)I just hope they add VR play and custom billboards at some point.
76561197962533271,Recommended,493340,26819232,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KamikazeCricket,"I love this game. It's definitely my nominee for the ""Just 5 more minutes"" award.Aside from some irritating UI and menu coherancy, consistency, and flow issues, and some super annoying physical restrictions on building height, and the fact that there is no underground or see-through objects views, this game is definitely a worthy successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon 3. I recall that game being in a similar state updon launch, but was more or less corrected over time. Hopefully these issues will be ironed out soon."
,Recommended,493340,26670833,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Atrohebinist,best tycoon game ever.edit:+ best building game ever too.
,Recommended,493340,26647168,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Azaleh,"Best Coaster / park game out there since RCT3 IMHO.Mains problems are :-You need a very good computer to run it,-The management part is definitely not as good as the creation part.-Some will find there's a lack of content for some themes.Best parts are :-One of the best steam workshop (not the content, the way it works),-Everything else?Totally worth to buy."
,Recommended,493340,26903712,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kaliar,"Outrageous game, must buy!"
,Recommended,493340,30945537,Posted: 4 April,all,MoonMan,I think this is the best game of 2016. It contains all the good things that Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 has and has eliminated the mad making bugs like that you couldn't connect tracks and the staff AI. I'm really happy with this purchase.
,Recommended,493340,26647491,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,inFamousMax,Get it already
,Recommended,493340,30950154,Posted: 4 April,all,mikekap99,"One of the most serene simulations games I've had the pleasure of playing. With plenty of customization options you can build your dream park, limited only by your imagination.This has enough challanging scenarios to keep more hard core players interested, and also some more open ended modes that allow for more free form park creation.If you're looking for a relaxing way to blow a few hours and let some stress go, you've come to the right place."
,Recommended,493340,26648271,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Toobis,"To me, this seems like the Cities: Skylines of roller coaster games.  I've seen some issues where the buildings are facing the wrong way when you select them from the menu, you have to manually turn them around.  I'd love to see a snap-to-path option to avoid having to press X twice then reorient the building just right.I don't think this game is done yet, but with some improvements it could be great.  It's still fun to play, I recommend giving it a shot."
,Recommended,493340,26664193,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,foM,"The game is amazing. Waited for a new version of Roller Coaster simulation for ages and this is great. Has all the great elements from old Roller Coaster Tycoon games that bring back childhood memories and with a lot better graphics, scenery,  Steam Workshop and more. Can't wait til there are tons of Steam Workshop items to explore!"
76561198015780904,Recommended,493340,29408595,Posted: 21 January,all,Unbenttomcat,"Jumped into the game. Controls were a little weird at first. But once you get the hang of it, this game is really satisfying. You get to craft your rides into experiences. Casual to hardcore, this game has options for you to play that allows for your own ratio of creativity/challenge. Love this game. <3"
,Recommended,493340,27367615,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LeoWolf,"So I've spent around 50 hours on this game as of writing this, 30 of those hours building mountains, placing trees and bushes in the *perfect* spot, and building custom restrooms. I would like my life back at some point in the forseeable future. Please send help."
,Recommended,493340,26859920,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NovaSkeltic,"Is a Vewy pretty game.Is very good, please buy.many good game."
,Recommended,493340,26930676,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AjmCin,"Very fun game, much like RTC3 but better graphics and more freedom"
,Recommended,493340,26705184,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,iDuumb,Able to build my favorite coasters to almost exact details. Probably the best themepark builder since RCT2 imo.
,Recommended,493340,26964598,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jumanji,"I purchased this game on a whim and have been pleasantly surprised. This is my first step into the genre and I'm not a fan of amusement parks or roller coasters in the real world, but Planet Coaster has somehow managed to captivate me.I'll start off by saying that I've spent the majority of my time playing sandbox mode. When I first started the game up, I felt very restricted by the building options. It seemed as if the shops and decorations were made with the assumption that everybody was planning to make pirate-themed parks. I believe it was somewhere around the second or third hour when I noticed the ""Custom"" tab for each category and it has been a complete game-changer. There is a seemingly endless number of possibilities when it comes to putting buildings together. I can easily spend an hour just building the perfect restroom for my guests.After my first 25 hours, I'm feeling that the game is revealing creativity in me that I didn't know existed. To this point, its been a very enjoyable experience and I can't say enough good things about it. I'm very excited to see where Planet Coaster takes me."
,Recommended,493340,26800847,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nirvana,So far i've managed to do the following thingsMake a rollercoaster and fail and still have fun
76561198136281185,Recommended,493340,27329489,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dve1750,"The wait for the RCT3 successor is over. Planet Coaster is the absolute winner!Planet Coaster enable your kids to express their creativity to the fullest through Sandbox Mode.It enable adults to recreate their former theme park from RCT3 Better than ever before.Management is rather shallow but that's fine because the creation tool was so optimized, u can create almost everything u had in ur mind!Buy this instead of RCTW.For those who are less skilled in creating something,Workshop is there for u to borrow as an inspiration and also ""steal"" to beautify your park.P.S: Thanks Frontier to create this wonderful theme park builder and revive this genre's past glory!"
,Recommended,493340,27207033,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,๖DøömZ ✰ Ben,This game....I can't think of any game that does a better job than this...10/10
76561197970436203,Recommended,493340,26672268,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,dabba,This is definitely the park building game to get.  Its fantastic.
,Recommended,493340,26667561,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,늄 Nyoom 늄,"Imagine Roller Coaster Tycoon World. Now image that thefinishedversion of that game is an early Alpha version of this one. Now polish that up to ridiculous levels, fix all the bugs, and update the textures. Now throw that out like the piece of trash that is is, and create a create a game that is far better in every way.That's pretty close."
,Recommended,493340,26668585,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Ultimate,Very good game so far. Would like the controls easier to get used to but other than that brilliant game.
,Recommended,493340,26678503,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,BBrown,"I was skeptical about spending $45 since I don't love sim games, but this is a great game."
76561197989698695,Recommended,493340,26720652,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Master of Strategy Uncle Shotgun,"This game came out polished and ready to play, which is a pleasant suprise. Also, feature and content rich. I'd recommend to anyone who likes the tycoon/managment genre."
,Recommended,493340,26652693,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Synapse,"Seriously Wonderful,If you love Roller Coaster Tycoon, you will LOVE this game. It is everything I, and many others, wanted it to be.  Do yourself a favor and purchase this game."
,Recommended,493340,26667169,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Caert,Easily the best modern version of the classic Rollercoaster Tycoon series. Extremely customizable and of course you can build your own rollercoasters and you can even share your creations through the Steam Workshop or download one if you want to see what other awesome stuff people are making. I don't feel as though words can do this game justice; it's incredible and I very highly suggest to anyone who's on the fence about purchasing this game.
76561198008039268,Recommended,493340,26666111,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TommYWaffleZ,"If you ever grew up playing RCT, you will love this game. I personally shelled HOURS into RCT 3 Platinum when I was younger and when I discovered this game (only last week) I immediately wanted it. It brings a lot of memories back from the days of RCT 3.I will admit, I pirated the alpha version of this game to see what it was like, I played half-hour or so, uninstalled it, and bought the game straight away.It is the best amusment park/rollercoaster game to date, the customization is endless and thanks to workshop, you can download a ton of items to make your park look better, plus the peeps in this game arent as scary as they are in RCT 3.Frontier have done an amazing job, I love these guys, they did such a great job with RCT 3 and now that game has a worthy sequal, Planet Coaster. I also have to mention the soundtrack, its happy, up-beat and overall, its a great soundtack, perfect for making your dream amusment park. Looking forward to future expansions and more workshop content.I will say that I was a bit confused at first with building my own buildings and coasters, but Frontier thankfully kept the controls somewhat simillar to RCT 3, not a big deal, but for new players building coasters and buildings will take a little practice to master.My GPU is a EVGA 960, 4gb with an fx-8370, I can build big parks on high with barely any FPS drop. I know others with lesser builds who are also having little FPS drop with big parks."
,Recommended,493340,26646074,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,PsychoWren ♥,"Brilliant game, good for killing time in sandbox."
76561198094654096,Recommended,493340,26757174,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,[DO][KING]CoMmAnDoX798,"OMG! This game is something I have been wanting for so many years. I've loved the classics such as RCT 1 and 2, and even the third game. Unfortunately, RCTW is just too big of a mess, and a very big let down. This is a type of game that I have been waiting for many, many years to have developed. This is well worth the money. I am easily hooked to this game. I can't wait to see if there are any expansions to this game in the future."
76561198060901255,Recommended,493340,26757689,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,DLew,"Frontier has come back several years later with another classic, just because of the level of absolute intricacy and detail, I can see myself still playing this game 10 years down the line. I also have to commend them for the surprisingly stunning grpahics this game puts out, colors especially are wonderfully vibrant. I'd like to thank Frontier for making this game, as I thought I would never be able to experience a proper theme park builder game ever again."
,Recommended,493340,26682874,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,OmegaSol,Planet Coaster is amazing. Love what you can do with it. Definite get this!
76561198043048992,Recommended,493340,26685971,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Raytay286,"This is what I always dreamed of in a theme park sim. It's a true spiritual successor to the RCT series, and it fills the gap which RCT3 left so many of us with. Workshop support? Dynamic coaster construction? I'm looking forward to many hours with this game."
,Recommended,493340,26689175,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,CattLady,"Love it,Fun little game and #Addicted"
,Recommended,493340,26720608,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,[C]yanide and [H]appiness,"Beautiful, easy to play, stunning park scenarios, so much customization. Then you see what peeps are making in the workshop, and it just becomes one huge, beautifully chilled experience. Work through the scenarios first as it gives you a sense of what to do, and then sit back and build your own monster park.I was a huge fan of the original Roller Coaster Tycoon from many years ago, and this has nailed that sense of awe and fun, but added a modern twist and plenty of extra style and character. I'm glad I waited till it was released as the beta reviews made me a little unsure, but it's worth it. I will be playing this for a month. No need for Christmas anymore.Highly recommend this game for people who love to build things. I'm bored of shooters, I'm bored of horror, and no one is making any strategy games, so this scratched a huge itch."
,Recommended,493340,26665213,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Wanted,Incredible.
76561198008166543,Recommended,493340,26668640,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Manifest,"I'm honestly shocked at how feature complete this game is. The level of detail and scope of customisation is incredible and frankly, disgusting. Awesome work!"
76561198094295753,Recommended,493340,26668791,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,mattaitch,"I love any game that enables me to let my imagination run free, that gives me the tools to be truly creative.Well, Planet Coaster does this excepitionaly well.The level of creavtive detail in this game is amazing, from the ability to add your own music to rides and roller coasters, to free sculpting the terrain,  to creating your own unique buildings, Planet Coaster lets you theme your park in whatever weird, twisted or wonderful way you wish.With the addition of Steam Workshop support, even if your not the creative type, you can access thousands of community creations to help you theme your rides and park.This for me is deffinitly one of those long life games that you continuously come back to, whenever your in that creative mood."
,Recommended,493340,26669273,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,AdamTheGun,Great game that outlives the original Roller Coaster Tycoon Series. It feels like they did to Roller Coaster Tycoon as what Cities Skylines did to SimCity.Great game and can't wait for all the workshop assets to play with in the future! :D
76561198034127115,Recommended,493340,26676365,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,angrypineapple99,"Great game if you are interested park creation, not so great if you are interested in park management. Overall it is an enjoyable experience, but feels like it is still in beta. I would suggest buying it if you are craving a theme park simulator, and I am hopeful for future DLC and Mod support to make this feel like a more complete game."
76561197991383084,Recommended,493340,26677562,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Logan,"This is the first review I've ever posted on Steam, and I'll keep it short and sweet. Should you buy this game? Yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes yes yes! I've been waiting for an experience like this for years, ever since the good old days of Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 and Simcity 4. This game really is on that level. I am frankly shocked at the level of detail, polish, content, customisation, and overall quality. It's that good."
76561198054618121,Recommended,493340,26678274,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Æ.Quinn♥,"This game is incredible.The world editing, graphics, gameplay and overall feel is exceptional. This is a complete game, with a surprising amount of features and content.Legit 10/10."
76561198006511833,Recommended,493340,26679939,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,xipherus,"This Game has blown my mind, aboslutely met and then exceeded my expectations at every twist and turn."
76561198069487327,Recommended,493340,26679977,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Old Man,One of the best building sandbox games of all time. The amount of indepth objects and freedom you have to do anything is just amazing. Also one of the best game soundtracks of all time.
76561197964345217,Recommended,493340,26680167,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,WarmGun,"Very good. You can tell this has been created by developers that have carefully crafted the game.Pros:Has all the features of the original rollercoaster tycoon games.Lots of cool little details like the shop keepers filling orders, many different animations, etc.So easy to build things, my 8 year old can do it without help... compared to the original games, this is an awesome upgrade.Lots of useful information presented in an easy to use interface.Good price + value for money... many hours worth here.DRM is unobstrusive... you never see it.Great music tracks.Impressive graphics and complex shadows... with clever scaling for your computer power.3 play modes. SandBox, Challengemode and Campaign. Challengemode is like the original, where you have to research and manage your finances. Sandbox you can build anything.Cons:None that I can think of.TDLR; If your a fan of simulation / economic / theme park type games, don't hesitate and buy it, this is a keeper."
76561198292349566,Recommended,493340,26680490,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,CORTIZO,"Hi there,The game is great, the graphics are good, alle the things you can manage and adjust!some complaining about the campaign, to easy. see it like a tutorial.But.. The point!I've got OCD people! Where is the grid :-(i know about the ""pad grid"". But i want to line up some rides straight!And you can't place a bench or bin perfectly opposite another like it automatically did in RCT.Would be nice for other things to.Developers please update this. It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥.I think more people has this problem?Greetz."
76561198026664042,Recommended,493340,26681578,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,tobin,I love it!!!
,Recommended,493340,26681685,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,bdz1019,"Beautiful game. So much freedom. One of the best games I've played in years. If you are considering buying this game, just do it.Pros -I made too many guests sick and they all left.Cons -None worth writing down."
,Recommended,493340,27543353,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Snipps///,"Original title of this game: ""RollerCoaster Tycoon 4""This game is everything I wished for.The coaster builder is great, very easy, but nevertheless very versatile.Building your own scenery is also a very cool factor for the game (and with the workshop you have all the opportunities in the world).The scenarios are good and the challange parks are a awesome idea to deamnd you in every way (for example you have to get out of your comfort-zone and do the scenery better to achive a challenge).Another big point for Planet Coaster are the great graphics and textures.There are no negative points in my opinion"
,Recommended,493340,32790554,Posted: 25 June,all,C a l l i s † o,Awesome
,Recommended,493340,32936363,Posted: 28 June,all,Microsoft Excel,"I don't normally review games, but I felt I must after sinking 73 hours into the game, that it warented one. This game is the single most comprehensive theme park tycoon game I have ever played, all of the game has a charming, yet coheasive theme throughout. The amount of depth in this game is incredible, just as an example, rides will automaticlly gain and lose popularity due to age, maintenance intervals change, it's incredible. Honestly, if this game were priced at 150 USD, I would still seriously consider it. CANNOT RECOMMEND ENOUGH!!!"
76561198007206147,Recommended,493340,32929001,Posted: 28 June,all,Senortubbs,"Oh my goodness. This is the theme park simulator you've always wanted.It's beautiful, it has a great soundtrack, has lots and lots of rides, seemingly half of them rollercoasters that you can lovingly craft however you want. You can ride the rides, all of them. The workshop support is brilliant and the ongoing support from the developer is absolutely second to none.The negatives are, it's a better sandbox than game. It feels geared 80% towards people who want to craft a beautiful living theme park and only 20% for people who want a deep simulation. The economics don't particularly make sense and aren't that well explained. But, those are the sorts of things that are being added to and improved all the time. This is a game, that like their other masterpiece Elite: Dangerous feels like it was released when the underlying engine was ready, and the game is now being gradually layered over the top.This is a definite buy. There are many many hours of enjoyment to be had now, and you know that it's only getting better and better,"
,Recommended,493340,32945477,Posted: 28 June,all,ViKing,"If you liked the old Roller Coaster games, then do yourself a favor and buy this"
,Recommended,493340,32942787,Posted: 28 June,all,Narcoticrobot,"The only game on my list that my wife approves of. We both love this game! If you liked RCT3 then you should buy this now! Not only is this game perfection on the coaster sim market, but I would go as far as to say that this is the benchmark to which every other sim type game should aspire to. Frontier needs to make a city building game using this same engine, talk about dope! The art design is spot on. I don't think you could be depressed if you play this game, it's so happy! Pretty much everything about this game is perfect, if it's on sale it's a no-brainer. The music is so poppy and catchy that you'll be humming it in your head days after. I read people complaining about the camera controls, obviously they've never played a space sim. The camera controls feel like Elite: Dangerous, which makes sense cuz that's also a Frontier game. Anyways, if ya read a negative review for this game, ignore it. They are obviously fickle tarts who probably smell like farts. If you play this game you will get a girlfriend, guaranteed nerd! (My First Review!)"
,Recommended,493340,26784234,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pipin96,"From the people who brought you Roller Coaster Tycoon 3,A world of magic and new lighting engins.Screw it, go buy it and play it, if you liked RCT3 get this and your life will live again."
,Recommended,493340,33122034,Posted: 2 July,all,Lancefer,This is everything I ever wanted in a coaster game and more.  I cannot rate this game high enough!  I have invested 372 hours into it since its release and what fun it has been.
,Recommended,493340,33115574,Posted: 1 July,all,namvn,"Worth the price, fun to play, I'm confident to give this game 9.5/10For those of you got confused, this game was created by the same team behind Roller Coaster 3. I played Roller Coaster 1 since I was a kid, then RC2 and RC3, and Platnet Coaster simply bring that joy back and to another level.Pros:+ New contents keep coming for free.+ Thank to our Steam workshop and all the creators! TONS of pre-created buidlings, shops, coasters were made ready to use immediately. I can freely focus on creating the park much faster and nicer.Cons:- Hard to build stuff after some terrain manipulation, even when it looks flat already, you just could't put a shop there.- There was no hint how to build stairs (as in older Roller Coaster games). Player should be able to use small UI to create stuff without knowing shortcut key before hand.- Too much of notifications of thiefs and pickpockets, kind of ruin the emotion."
,Recommended,493340,26877124,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Galahaut,"The management side of Planet Coaster is a little disappointing, but it shines with the amazing parks, structures, rides, and scenery you can create with its tools. With the new building and blueprint systems and Steam Workshop support, there are endless possibilities."
,Recommended,493340,33194330,Posted: 3 July,all,Ohme,"This game filled a hole that had been missing since the days of black and white, theme hopsital etc. Really well made."
76561198400298357,Recommended,493340,33173281,Posted: 3 July,all,auntiekay5,"I think this is a marvelous game, especially for children.  Keep them amused for hours.  Also, good for older children and teenagers as well.  No violence, just good fun.  Let's the imagination run wild.  Keeps the imaginative juices flowing.  Would recommend this game to anyone.  I and my family will certainly enjoy this game for a very long time.  I also like the fact that you can go into Steam Workshop and have access to literally thousands of downloads to add to the game.Well done Planet Coaster.  A BIG THUMBS Up"
76561198127095725,Recommended,493340,33170767,Posted: 2 July,all,Elle,"For anyone who was a lover of Roller Coaster Tycoon, this is definitely the game for you. It allows for such creativity, and the community is fantastic in all the amazing creations you can download to add to the park of your dreams. Absolutely love it."
,Recommended,493340,33168727,Posted: 2 July,all,carbonfibah,Rollercoaster Tycoon on steroids!
,Recommended,493340,33127150,Posted: 2 July,all,Gutama,Nice Graphic Simulator GameGood WorkshopBoring Goals at Carrier ModeNeed improvement at managamenet section
76561198030166167,Recommended,493340,26937731,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Biopticear,"A great park builder, short on the management side. But has a ton of depth on the park building side."
76561197996568942,Recommended,493340,33168060,Posted: 2 July,all,Bluhman,"Planet Coaster has completely amazing amounts of customization and flexibility in this game, with a highly active and extensive workshop. If you enjoyed Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, this game should feel like a sequel for you (fittingly enough, since it's the same company). A ""Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 II"" if you will. That said, it has many of the same pros and cons as its predecessor.The most striking difference between this game and past RCT entries is that it is the first of its kind to throw the grid system out the window, which brings along with it a ton of implications, both good and bad. On the plus side, paths, rides, and terrain are all now capable of being molded and shaped into much more organic forms, with some of the options (mainly scenery and paths) retaining some minor alignment tools for convenience. These changes undoubtedly benefit the creation of terrain and roller coasters the most - soaring cliffs, huge caverns, and even floating islands can be crafted with this game's terrain editor. With the removal of set piece shapes, roller coasters can now accomplish a much wider array of possible turns, banks, and loops, which really helps craft coasters in a kinetic way. Being able to organically transition into a loop or roll without having to adhere to a set size is a godsend, even when the options for preset track features are available.The removal of the grid, however, also drives the learning curve of this game through the roof. Even some past ride types that were easy to craft, such as log flumes, are now suddenly hassles to piece together. The path system by default is very good at creating curving, single paths, but kind of falls apart if you want to create nicely curving forks in the road. I still haven't figured out a good way to make circular pathways for central pavilions.The scenarios in the game are mostly to the tune of improving and fixing pre-made parks, which have pre-determined themes and level flavors - again, very similar to the campaigns that were encountered in RCT3. The campaigns and challenges also pose similar game-mechanics as those posed in RCT3 - which isn't good because most of that challenge was less from trying to put together awesome rides and keeping guests happy, and more about making sure you weren't hemorrhaging money from random expenses of staff/food bar attendants/animatronics moving. The fact that there's so many detail-oriented expenses in the main game modes means that it's very difficult to play the game in ways that made RCT 1 and 2 satisfying - that is, drawing huge crowds in by designing awesome coasters. Rides based on tracks run the very real and annoying risk of being over-extended, and before you know it, you're stuck in the red with a gamut of lame standing rides, staff, and a half-completed roller coaster track. There's other issues with main gameplay in campaigns, such as guestsliterally constantlybeing robbed, but thankfully that one is solvable in the options menu.Performance is the other huge issue I have with the game, as it seems to throttle itself when utilizing CPU. I have an i5 4670k (barely above recommended requirements) and GTX1060 (well above recommended requirements). Most of the campaign parks I can run totally fine at near 60fps when not building a coaster, but some of the most detailed and awesome parks available on the Workshop bring this configuration to its knees, running at more like 15-20fps. Basically, versus most recent games I've played, it has a much higher demand on CPU compared to GPU. There's a massive performance difference between a modestly detailed campaign park, and an incredibly detailed workshop park - and honestly, that isn't something I can entirely blame on Frontier. I'm frankly surprised a game that can show this much detail (even stuff like individual donuts and drinks inside food stalls for crying out loud!) runs this well.Overall the game could use some extra crutches to help new players get the grasp of building - as a veteran to this series, I think any of the prior 3 Roller Coaster Tycoon games are much better starting points for getting into this genre, simply because the benefits of a grid makes it just so much easier to work with putting together things. The components of a beautiful, engaging, and flexible game are there, and Frontier is certainly showing it lots of love with its patches.Anyone who's played an RCT in the past will almost guaranteedlovethis game, especially if they were fans of RCT3 and its first-person riding features and building features. To anyone who wants to get their feet wet in the theme-park sim genre will probably want to wait until (or if) Frontier adds in an update that makes it easier to align park features up."
,Recommended,493340,26737255,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,BurdMurn,"I could not be happier with how this game turned out! Granted, a few things could be improved, but overall it's fantastic. The graphics are incredible and runs very smoothly, the coaster creation is incredible and quite easy to get a hang of and the scenery options are vast! The amount of detail in this game is just mind boggling. Now, I would like to see more variety of rides in the future as there aren't really all that much here (not as much as previous 'Frontier' games). Now, the one gripe I have with Planet Coaster is the management side of things...it's not a deal breaker for me because the main reason I play games like this is for the creative aspect, but I can see how that if you enjoy management, this could be a problem. The management is not as in depth as the older RCT games and the menus are tedious. You can't change wages of all staff from one screen, you have to select each staff member individually to adjust. And the same applies to prices of food and drink etc. I would love to see Frontier expand on this!But as I said, for me the most important aspect of a game like this is the ability to create wonderful looking parks and exciting rollercoasters, and Planet Coaster does this incredibly well."
,Recommended,493340,33138117,Posted: 2 July,all,☣MrGreenBear☣ Farmskins.com,Very good tycoon game!
,Recommended,493340,33127230,Posted: 2 July,all,LukeAlex27,"Even though the magement aspect is slacking, it is still a great game. Much better than RCTW and any fans of the RCT franchise should buy this straight away. I love the free updates and i know i will end up with 300 hours on this game soon enough."
,Recommended,493340,33288788,Posted: 5 July,all,Hellfire,"Been wanting this game for awhile now but even at sale prices I felt it was still too high.  I was wrong though because I quickly got addicted.  Just started it up for the first time last night to do a tutorial, which I found out are just videos but found myself glued playing for 4 hours straight.I thought I lost my liking of build up/simulation games because when I started up City Skylines, nothing hooked me by the end of my few hour stint in that game even though I gave it a good go.The camera and controls felt weird at first in this but quickly got use to them.  Even though there is a lot of management to do in this game you quickly figure it out and become a pro.  Glad I finally picked it up."
76561198255430915,Recommended,493340,33278296,Posted: 5 July,all,siposbalint0,"So much fun, lovely graphics, and nice small details, tools, ways to build. Just like RCT3, I love this game"
76561198018292866,Recommended,493340,33167240,Posted: 2 July,all,Dog Whalefish,"An excellent theme park sim that manages to both re-capture the same initial magic that my first experiences with Rollercoaster Tycoon gave me as a young child, as well as being a far more advanced and modern update that allows for hundereds of hours of learning and creating new things previously thought impossible. There is also a fantastic community for this game, with workshop items and YouTube showcases constantly providing new material to either use for your park, or for inspiration for your own imagination."
76561198157055391,Recommended,493340,31880434,Posted: 21 May,all,DieVote,das spile ist so geil
,Recommended,493340,33182713,Posted: 3 July,all,Luspire,I spent over 3 hours designing a pond. A 10x20 pond. So far it is the best pond designing simulator I've ever played. Next I shall work on a castle.
76561198097600853,Recommended,493340,33291152,Posted: 5 July,all,sistrwmn20,"This is a very fun game. You can play with pre-built parks or create your own from scratch. The building tools are fairly simple to use, once you learn the keyboard commands that is. The challenge mode is my favorite type. You build a park from scratch and add features, earn money, and build coasters to complete the challenges. I've put almost 200 hours into this game now, and am still not done. Well worth the money."
76561198077315361,Recommended,493340,26897213,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,huhaous,The true successor of RCT3
,Recommended,493340,31148454,Posted: 14 April,all,lenny35,I have played Tycoon versions for years and this latest revamp is absolutely awesome. The detail and abilities to create or replicate parks or rides from around the world is bloody brilliant!
76561198234091592,Recommended,493340,26646738,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Jakle,Wow! This game is so much better than I expected it to be. It runs really well and is great fun. I would reccomend to anyone who is looking at this game.
,Recommended,493340,26647289,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SmeagleSmeagle,"This game is exactly what I have been missing for ten years. It is truly a remarkable product. It is very refreshing after so many games have failed to meet expectations this year that this is not one of them. If you enjoy roller coasters, theme parks, and endless hours of fun. This is the game for you! Great job Frontier and keep up the good work."
,Recommended,493340,33283468,Posted: 5 July,all,{EXP#}[AGC]Vaski,Best Coaster Builder
,Recommended,493340,26647075,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ranzer | Taking Orders,"A Roller Coaster Theme Park Sandbox Gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7OMZxjZUbAThere's a lot to love about this game, but i'm just going to mention a few things that surprised me.+ Workshop support. Some people have created some unbelievable roller coasters and theme parks that are absolutely amazing! Even if you don't care about designing your own park or own rides you can easily find user created ones and ride them yourself which to me was extremely entertaining! ( I suggest checking out the Walking Dead Roller Coaster, Alice in Wonderland, and one called ""Dread Horror Roller Coaster"" which has it's own custom music )+ You can import your own sound or music files for any ride in your park, and it's extremely simple to do so.+ Designing my first roller coaster was surprisingly simple and very intuitive. It'll take maybe 5-10minutes to learn, but once you do you will be able to build anything you can imagine and test them out.+ First person view for every ride in the park! There's also multiple other camera angles, and for me it was a joy to just watch people ride all the rides in the park.+ Water raft rides and Go Karts!+ Loads of other rides all of which you might see at real theme parks+ A sandbox mode with unlimited money+ A variety of challenge levels that have you fixing up a not-so-good pre-built park.+ The soundtrack of planet coaster which plays in the main menu and in-game is absolutely wonderful. Very relaxing and uplifting.- If a ride is too scary people won't ride it. While this may be ""realistic"" I was very disappointed in this. I like to build elaborate insane roller coasters, and it's a shame no one in the park will ride it...even if it's free... :,(- There's not very many pre-built shops or decorations. The one's that they give you at the start also have wildly different themes, and don't seem to fit in very well unless you design your own.- Strangely enough, I didn't really get into the whole thrill of designing my own park. Once you get a few shops, some rides, and plop down some staff the game plays for you and there's really not very much ""management"" to be found."
76561197971218600,Recommended,493340,32985036,Posted: 29 June,all,Rick Sanchez,"I broke down and purchased this on sale at just over $30 because I was tired of playing crappy zombie first person shooters. I needed something different and I had played Rollercoaster Tychoon for many years.I jumped right in and found many of the controls and functions the same has Rollercoaster Tychoon. I started off slowly and decided to do a basic/easy challenge.The graphics were good, the menu was easy to find various functions and the playability was fun. I'm thinking the sandbox mode is what I'm going to really enjoy. I want to build mega coasters which make my visitors puke.Overall, even though I broke my rule on not purchasing games for over $15, this game will give a lot of enjoyment. I can pause the game with out having to worry. I can save and quit at any time, then pick back up where I left off the following day.There is still a lot to explore, but I think it is worth the purchase at $30"
,Recommended,493340,32640432,Posted: 22 June,all,BurNer,"AMAZING!!!this a game i waited for.all the people in the workshop.i just want to say thank you for making all this cool stuff, because it only makes the game more complete then it already is.it's not a cheap game, but it is worth the money"
,Recommended,493340,32897477,Posted: 27 June,all,Alexbeast,This is a great game
,Recommended,493340,26764657,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jwillz,a very beautiful game cant get enough of it.
76561197971197676,Recommended,493340,33393494,Posted: 8 July,all,Stormbat,10/10 - Made by lovely people.
,Recommended,493340,32759657,Posted: 25 June,all,L̲a̜͇͍̣̯̯v̺,Did you like RCT3? If yes than you will like this game.
,Recommended,493340,33395739,Posted: 8 July,all,Hibernia,"Addicting, Entertaining, Interesting, Colorful and Fun."
,Recommended,493340,26669888,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,onlyquads,"Great Coaster Sim!Addictive game, let's you unleash your creativity. I was a fan of RCT3, I think we have the next standard of Amusement Park Sim. You can barely do anything you want!Need some more flat rides and maybe some more Vehicles choices for the roller coasters!"
,Recommended,493340,26695956,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,RepoGamer,Like park building? Like Coasters? Then this is your game. I am not all that great at creating. But with this I feel like I do it pretty well. Somthing about the game just makes sense to me. Someone with limited creative skills and lacking the imagination to do some really rad designs. But at least I feel like I am with this title. I can sit back and look down on my latest section and feel like I did a decent job. So for the pro's and the not so pro's this game caters to both sides. The price tag is well worth what your getting. Pick it up. Enjoy.
76561198095314316,Recommended,493340,26711042,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Bubbarush,"I think i got this game yesterday, but apparently it was ""2 days ago"" time flies when you spend 22.4 of the last 36 hours creating a wonderful landscape of amusment park from the ground up, Aside from the roller coaster building, you can create beautiful scenes and landscapes and buildings from one of many themes. If i had a lottle more to work with I would love this game all the more, but i am very happy as it is, maybe in the future we may see more. So far, i love it. I hope you do too, i've already got my moneys worth, and dont plan to stop anytime soon."
76561197968477827,Recommended,493340,26716039,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,shimanzu,"Its so good im wishing I didnt have to go to work!!Amazingly easy to play, even for me and im a bit of a thicko at times.The graphics are incredible!If you like to build things this is 10/10 guys, seriously."
,Recommended,493340,26723031,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Omega,"Amazing game, definatley beats Rollercoaster Tycoon if you ask me.  No complaints other than the fact that the game gets super laggy when your park gets big, kind makes it a little less fun fighting the lag but not sure if that can be helped.  I have had 1 bug so far when a coaster wouldnt appear after I built a custom track, other than that smooth game.  Friendly interface and highly recommended.  Bought the game in the AM and before I knew it was dark outside, its that addicting."
76561198007696606,Recommended,493340,26723107,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,bholze,"I have played all the roller coast tycoons and the off brand versions.  This is the best so far.  With no real tutorials I jumped right into the game.  Close to only 2 hours of play here is what I have found.The interface is very well laid out.  Very easy to move around and manage the park.The graphics are very well done.  The detail is excellent compared to previous tycoons.The park management is also very well done.  With drill downs on profits and expenses.  Makes running a profitable park very easy to find what is working and what is not. Other games like Transport Fever programmers should look here on how to make a proper economy based game. Along with all other aspects of the park.  Advertising, staff, pricing.The rides are what you would expect but now also include making it look good.  Finally scenery matters.  Make your ride run well and now look good and more people will pay higher prices.The options you now have for scenery are a little overwhelming.  You can spend hours it seems just working on this.  It accually could become its own game.All in all I would say if you like these type of games.  BY IT!!  Do not miss this one.After just under 2 hours of play I wanted to jump out and write this review because I expect to be lost in the game for some time to come."
,Recommended,493340,26736312,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Ichiberry,"I've been looking for a decent theme park sim game for a very long time and this one hits it!It needs more challenge though, the management aspect is really lacking. A full-fledge campaign / improved career mode is needed. Something to keep us playing."
76561198120637027,Recommended,493340,26982362,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Peachey Boi,Crowd funding done right
,Recommended,493340,27029273,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CRUSTAAY,"""its 11pm, i guess ill play for another hour and go to bed"" 5 minutes later ""oh... its 4:30am""I may have a bit of a positive bias with Planet Coaster because it brings me back to one of the best periods of time in my life,back to games like thrillville, a game by frontier developments who are also the developers of this.I feel that the included scenarios (missions) are not particularly fun (not that you should be purchasing this game for scenarios), and the challenge mode (real life mode) feels to slow, but the sandbox mode (infinite money mode) is where this game shines.Players can develop their own roller coasters, then change the terrain around the ride and decorate it with scenery objects and props to create an aesthetically pleasing ride.you don't even need to be good at artistic work or creativity to make a good looking ride, the included props make it easy.Challenge mode could be fun for an experienced park creator who can create an attractive park and rides.I feel that this game could use some more scenery, it already has heaps but more is always better in sandbox games IMO. I would say that some better scenarios would be great too, such as a more campaign like set of objectives however i have only played the first 2 themes of the scenarios before going back to sandbox mode so i can’t give an opinion on the later-game scenarios.Overall i would give this game a score of 8.5/10With some added content this could easily hit 10/10 but after playing other games from frontier like elite:dangerous i honestly don't think they could keep the “polish” on it long enough to reach a 10/10"
76561197994404273,Recommended,493340,27049831,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hippoclitoris,Spent an hour making the area around a rubbish bin beautiful. 10/10.
76561198041326761,Recommended,493340,27052320,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cocoa Bonobo,I've spent 15 hours building my park and so far it only has an entrance and one ride. It sure is a damn pretty entrance.
76561197972061783,Recommended,493340,27056367,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Muffin Man,"You can really tell that the developers put a lot of time into this game. The graphics look really good, the UI looks polished and the built in widgets look great."
,Recommended,493340,27062789,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zucka911,"Hugely impressive Theme Park creation game, with emphasis on the park"
,Recommended,493340,27250414,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,singularity0821,"Great game with an already very big community! There are endless possibilities to build and customize your own parks and rides, and if you run out of things to build you can get a lot more from the workshop already."
,Recommended,493340,27343476,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bromine,"A perfect continuation of the previous RCT installments but without the scummy publisher/dev issues that the actual RCT has. 10/10 but a little laggy, even on my high end PC."
76561197971261647,Recommended,493340,27358106,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pig in the City,"Pretty good, if you enjoy being creative. Not a challenging management game."
76561198306122630,Recommended,493340,33503613,Posted: 13 July,all,CG Entertainments,i saved a park i made then created a new one but now i have lost it. HELP
76561198274028715,Recommended,493340,33743728,Posted: 23 July,all,yukihu,"To Frontier Developments: I really want to design and build my own swimming pool and water park in Planet Coaster, sincerely. Cuz, I still remember how excited I was when I had a wonderful construction experience and made a large fortune with my well-designed pools in Roller Coaster Tycoon 3.I really love your coaster series and hope you can take my suggestions into consideration.And, there are some bugs with the stairs which offen stopped my visitors. I had never met those bugs in former versions, though."
76561198123028830,Recommended,493340,27358220,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,thesavagegoldfish,"I LOVE this game! The career is awesome, the sandbox encourages spending time on designing, and the challenges make you really think about the money etc. you spend - at least that is what I think. If you loved Roller Coaster Tycoon in any of it's variants, or have enjoyed any other park simulation then I encourage you to play!"
,Recommended,493340,27358353,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BeardyChris,Would happily miss Christmas dinner to play Planet Coaster - Food/10
76561198171461647,Recommended,493340,28190439,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,stevent1493,totally recommen this game if you ever played roller coaster tycoon 1 2 3 the level of quality in this game is outstanding.
,Recommended,493340,28203815,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,shabang,"I have been a big fan of RCT 1 and 2. RCT 3 was a big dissapointment. Nothing seemed to be better than RCT 1 and 2. But now there is Planet Coaster. I was sceptical at first but this game is a true gem. The leap from RCT to Planet Coaster is quitte big and at first sight it's all a little bit overwhelming, but the career mode is a great way to start with the game.When you figured out the basics you can go absolutely bonkers in sandbox mode. The fixed grid from RCT is in the past so you can build in absolutely every corner you want. You can combine building objects with other objects to make your own, so the combinations are endless."
,Recommended,493340,28211757,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,dabears42790,I'm still somewhat new to the game but It's completely surpassed my expectations so far. The graphics are amazing the scenery is very intriquit and I love the managment side of the game to. Was a little skeptical at first because of the price but toally worth it. If you are any sort of RCT fan you need to buy this now
,Recommended,493340,28255286,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Lazur,"The real continuation to RCT 3it might not be true but it feels like Frontier Developments is the only developer who tries to please their comunity.first with Elite Dangerous where they asked their community to come up with the excat number of seconds it takes to go into supercruis and now this,a beautiful game with lots of freedom to build the theme park you want.allowing clipping and getting more or less rid of grids was a great idea for scenery for example you can now use Trees as bushes and creat new and interesting new lighting angles.it is like they allways know excactly what we want.Atari made a really huge mistake letting them go."
76561198006662817,Recommended,493340,28284071,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,The Mad Cow of the West,"A very well executed game.  Civ has one more turn, this has 5 more minutes.  While considered lighter on the management side, the creative side is king.  I have not played RTC in the past, but for me this game gives enough management where you have to pay a little bit of attention, but once you got everything going, it can mostly run on auto-pilot and focus on building.  At this point I finished 5 of the scernarios and I enjoyed playing in each park.  It hasn't been super challenging at this point, but the fun factor is there.  These beginning parks are in the beginner and easy setting, via word on the internet it isn't ""hard"" but I noticed a slight uptick in difficulty as I went on.  I'll update this review if I think they are blowing smoke up my dirty spot.It's been awhile since a game has grabbed me the way this one does. I haven't owned it that long, but I watched about 3-4 hours of let's plays and then played 22 hours in 3 days.  As a 37 year old with a full time job and 3 kids, I don't normally devote that much time in a short window.  I typically game 2 - 3 hours a day 5 - 6 days a week.  It does help that I have had a few days off work and the weather sucks here.I'm not an overly creative person but I like to tinker.  You won't find me making a ton of the awesome stuff you see these guys making on youtube.  The steam workshop will help give me the really awesome stuff, but at this moment it is so fun messing around and exploring the options that I haven't actually downloaded anything from there.  I have gone looking and I'm impressed.  That said, the system that is in place is simple enough to use and make decent looking parks without much experience.  Most of my buildings that I build from scratch look pretty basic, but as I go through career mode and watch let's plays there are very simple things you begin to see that will really enhance your basic building to something that looks nice(r).  This is part of the fun for me, exploring and creating, even though I kinda suck.  I suppose that's how you get better.So what's wrong?  Not a whole lot.  I'm not a fan of the camera, and yes I know there are 2 modes.  It works for the most part, but I will fight with it from time to time.  All buildings must be built on a grid system.  Your horizontal placement is limited for walls/roofs, but vertical you are pretty free.  For decorations you may freely place them where ever your like.  This causes a weird category mismash, especially for lights and signs.  Some you find in the Build tab and others Scenery tab.  There appears to be a lot of different items to use, but it's taking time for me to remember where they all are.  I feel the UI could be a little better in this department.Overall I think this game is great.  I didn't expect to like it as much as I do.  While there are areas that could use improvement, the positives greatly outshine the negatives for me. I can sit here and think about things that could make this game cooler/better all day, but when all is said and done, it's solid.  I look forward to seeing what the community and Frontier come up with.  I think a great game will only get better over time.Check the system requirements, I have a pretty good computer I built about a year ago and have no issues, but the min/recommended requirements might take some by surprise."
,Recommended,493340,28429934,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,G3neralee,"The best rollercoaster game i've ever played. You can make everything you want, everything that comes up in your head to make you can make it in this game. Also such good graphics for a rollercoaster game!The community also helps the game to implement buildings that you have maked your own for others to place in their own park!, such a good feature.________________________________________________________________________________Are you a rollercoaster lover? Buy this game!Are you such a creative guy and want to make everything you want? Buy this game!Just enjoy this game everyone its a blast!!!"
,Recommended,493340,28475173,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,classicbro_,So Addiction. The Coaster game this world needed.
76561198062310621,Recommended,493340,28475952,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Extreme Kung-Fu Technique,Very fun game. reminds me of my roller coaster tycoon days. Right now i can only play for about 15 min at a time before the game crashes. I am sure that this issue will get fixed so I reccomend this game.
76561198060882010,Recommended,493340,28476389,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Manicke,"The building options are incredible.  Really enjoyed the career mode, it's like a really fun tutorial."
,Recommended,493340,28651797,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TBD GAMING,Best Theme Park sim ever made! This game looks amazing and runs very well...easy to lose hours and hours playing this game....It is def a must buy!
76561198274731877,Recommended,493340,28798325,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RollerCoasterFan94,"I just wanted to say, that Planet Coaster is an outstanding game! Frotier did a fantastic job on this game! However, there is somewhat of a big issue that i have with this game.When i played it for the first time, the game lags or keeps slowing down a bunch. So, i would love for the lagging or bugs to be removedin a future update of the game. But, overall, the game is incredible and even a fun theme park game to all theme park fans and Roller Coaster fans!"
76561197963419923,Recommended,493340,28838814,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,mb0ng0,Enjoying this best theme coaster game ever with sublime graphics.
76561198068233075,Recommended,493340,28928418,Posted: 1 January,all,FenixForever,"Definatly The Future of Tycoon games. So much fun, and you will find yourself wanting to play this for hours. The biggest pro for this game is its workshop. If you are a casual player like myself and don't neccesarlly like buliding thing on your own, then its very nice having so many workshop options to download. But if you do like to build every now and then their are endless possibilites for you. However, it should be known that their are flaws. One such flaw is that the amount of in game rides is very very low. If you were a roller coaster tycoon 3 player I know you loved all those thrill rides and children rides. This games has them but just not really that many which is a major problem. No pools, no go carts, no animal or safari rides, only log flumes and the tubes make up the water rides. It really needs a big boost in rides. That will allow for better workshop stuff too. The scenery in the game is exceptional, graphics are also absoulutly fantastic. Another nice add to the game would be the ability to hire muliple staff at once. If you are in sandbox mode and you want to get like 10 janitiors you have to do them one at a time and it goes rather slow. Overall the game is very young still, I'd give it a 7/10 just because the rides are seriously lacking, but this game is absoultly fantastic and def the future of the coaster tycoon francise."
,Recommended,493340,28987793,Posted: 3 January,all,kannaholic,"There's bugs, I know. But at this point most games ship with bugs, and I'm used to it.This game is a wonderful update to the coaster building games, and is a coaster-humper's dream. The coaster design system is incredible. It takes a little while to get used to, but you can achieve much more impressive builds. Design wise, some content is still lacking but you can download a lot of content from players.Challenge mode is difficult, I don't usually spend a lot of time on scenery and you really need it for your rides to succeed. Ride aging is unforgiving. I work in a theme park, and a 4 year old ride is definitely still considered new stuff for us!I've only done a few of the career parks and they're fun, but sandbox is really where this game shines.I can't wait for a water expansion!"
76561198098830597,Recommended,493340,29054008,Posted: 5 January,all,kevinwkd,"The game is really great, but here are some points that can be more perfect:1.  I really want the game can development a new development mode when player wants to explore underground2.  If there are rides or coaster or path that can go under water, that would be so much fun3.  I really want to make a real waterfall easily, not deploying some special fountain effect4.  i really want to have two more DLCs, that is safari and aquatic parks."
76561198308366472,Recommended,493340,29133485,Posted: 8 January,all,TheCatsAttack,"Ok so to start off Planet Coaster is very fun at a low price. I suggest you buy it. :)What I didnt really like is i finished the first three ""Scenarios"" in day (they were begginer). But I still love the game because of the endless possibilites. I absolutly loved the way you can move your pathways around and... even better they have ""priority passes"". This is a pass the the guests can get at a information booth so they can skip the lines. What i loved about this is that, say my wooden coaster line was filled up but the priority pass can get them from the front of the line to the station. This does not only make the guest that just got ""cut in front of"" rage in anger but the person using the priority pass got to the front of the line and you gained a little more cha-ching.Off to the building and scenery! Many rides such as the RMC or the Wooden are very popular (in the steam workshop) and as im looking through it makes me very ashamed in myself because of how badly i build. What im saying is that building is very tedious and hard (to me)-(duh). Otherwise the scenery has a wide selection to keep you building for days! If you are like me and hate building there are pre-made buildings for shops and what not. Also the steam workshop.This was totally what i was expecting for Planet Coaster. Nothing like Roller Coaster Tycoon World which was horrible.I hope this long annoying essay was helpful in anyway!"
76561198155823827,Recommended,493340,29249613,Posted: 14 January,all,Zomer,i have a bug and i dont know were i must to bei have a bug with uild buildings i press Z and he is rotating. But i have a building and i place a new item he doesnt rotatewhat now
76561198076082317,Recommended,493340,29263882,Posted: 14 January,all,docj360,"The game is beautiful!  Maintains 60FPS max graphics (1080p) on my 3570k@4.4 and a GTX1070 in every park I have built so far.  Everything about the game is exactly what I had hoped for.  The UI is very intuitive, the terrain and ride design options are advanced.  All the ride types and options you could hope for.  Good statistics and telemetry.  The world looks like a window into a cartoon.  Has the potential to be a great laid back game with parks you cultivate and improve over long stretches of your life.Do youself a favor and turn off the ride reputation mechanic.  Settings > Controls > Global4/13/17The reputation mechanic has been improved upon after a patch.  I would now say turning it on or off are both playable options now.  (gj devs!)"
,Recommended,493340,29285732,Posted: 15 January,all,TheKingsScrotum,ITs an amazing game. I love it. There is a lack of ride variation though. I hope you guys add More water Rides like slides and pools  in the future as well as things like Race Car Tracks.  Perhaps with the customisation options the game has avalible could we see the ability to build Custom rides in the future?
,Recommended,493340,29472521,Posted: 24 January,all,mythical gaming,this is the frikin best coaster game i have ever played i went back today and played roller coaster tycoon 3 and my god that game is crap compared to this game this take every thing you loved from roller coaster tycoon three and turns it up to 11 and then some the only negative thing i have to say is there no dinosaur or animal animatronics in the game but if they added more golish animatronic and dinosaurs and animals the game would be even better the coaster system is great the sandbox park is bigger than i could ever need witch i awesome and building is super easy i am crap at building and i can build farly detailed buildings. this game will be super hard to top roller coaster tycoon world get out the way the next thing is here and its here to stay. i really hope they keep updating the game for years to come or make planet coaster 2. frontier kepp up the good work!
,Recommended,493340,29732422,Posted: 5 February,all,THE BUTT SLɅYERR,"Amazing ""sequel"" to the RCT franchise! I keep getting lost in this game! Coaster building can be somewhat tedious at times. But overall a fantastic game!"
76561198256262757,Recommended,493340,29747660,Posted: 6 February,all,thebooksatabe,"If you're an RCT 3 junky, and RCT World left you with the shakes, this is the game you actually want. Developed by Frontier, same guys who made RCT 3. This is everything you'd expect from a top rate sequel. RCT vets will have no problem getting into this. A pleasure!"
76561198262360967,Recommended,493340,30379182,Posted: 7 March,all,LizzieBusy,"If you love sandbox games, this game is totally for you. Complete custimization. I only wish their was more to the campaign, and that their were more rides."
,Recommended,493340,26648951,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SmallestCube,"Brilliant game, would absolutely reccommend it. Unfortunately, my laptop cannot handle it, even on the lowest settings. The game runs slow. BUT, I have tried it on another computer, a gaming computer. And it works perfectly, it's amazing. The graphics are brilliant, the rides are brilliant and you can build legitimately ANYTHING you'd like almost. Such an awesome game, and would 110% recommend this game. There's no limits to the creativity you can accomplish in this game! So, unfortunately I'll have to get a refund for this game on my laptop, BUT. I recommend this game by far, for sure. Absolutely brilliant, defo game of the year!"
,Recommended,493340,26976447,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,clad,"Welcome to Fart Park! Where it cost almost as much as your ticket to use the restroom! Go on some of our famous rides! Such as.. NIRVANA, Deadass, Revalation, Moist Mountain, and many more! Make sure to try some of the spectacular food vendors while your at it! Our meat is 100% hors- uh  I mean beef and our drinks are totally not that nasty green stuff from that one Spongebob episode. So come on down to Fart Park, the only place where magic happens that isn't your bed."
,Recommended,493340,26988139,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GRM,Great Game~!Built my dream parkForgot to connect end of roller coasterCoaster went off rails onto the park pathAll passengers hit but still alive
,Recommended,493340,26988918,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PaperDucky,If you like building things - this game will be a 5/7 with rice.
,Recommended,493340,26992866,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,malorn44,"A stellar game for any fans of sandbox, simulation, or management games. Very nastolgic and a definite buy if you loved Roller Coaster Tycoon 3!Nominated for: The game we all desperately wanted. (Steam Awards)"
76561198104344784,Recommended,493340,26994485,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AyyLmao,TOO MANY CRASHESLIKE EVERY 10 MINUTESgood gme though
,Recommended,493340,26995359,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cascadium26,Fantastic game made by the studio that helped work on the original RollerCoaster Tycoon games.  Graphics are smooth and amazing. Very optimized unless you start overloading your park then the FPS tanks hard but overall a great game.
,Recommended,493340,26999722,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mer,Chief Beef
76561198059289562,Recommended,493340,27009928,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Moose_71,I have been looking forward to this for a long time. I loved rollercoaster tycoon and played all of them over and over. So far all the videos of game play on this and the short time i have played it I am really excited. It looks to be a great park simulator and very well thought out.
,Recommended,493340,27016575,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,StrangelyEnjoyable,"Planet Coaster is a love letter to Tycoon games of old, and it's absolutely gorgeous. The team is continously working hard on bringing new advancements and new features, it blows my mind that companies like this still exist. You guys are amazing, I love this game."
,Recommended,493340,27017528,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,james.kay,"All my old RCT addictions are bubbling back up to the surface. An excellent modern RCT, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,493340,27019998,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RiffzBearrito,"Definitely a great throwback to rollercoaster tycoon, but takes the genre into the next generation. Lots of fun to play and coaster creation is easy but very robust."
,Recommended,493340,27031535,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DZ,"rly good game, like u can make rollercoasters and stuff XD"
,Recommended,493340,27037798,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nitro77,"This is the true Roller Coaster Tycoon, even if it isn't the franchise. You can do ANYTHING you want, with probably as much, if not more creative freedom than G-Mod! Have fun blasting peeps into the sky with derailed coasters!"
,Recommended,493340,27038508,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TMHong,Super fun in playing
76561198014720500,Recommended,493340,27044258,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nore,"This game is what Cities Skylines is to Sim City. Great genres that were dominated by one game (see: Roller Coaster Tycoon) and have no passed on the reigns. It's not perfect but with Steam Workshop and many DLC that will soon come, this is going to be a classic."
,Recommended,493340,27050661,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SpectralShot,"Pretty good so far. My biggest complaint is that it is WAY too easy. Even the ""hard"" challenges can be completed in like 20 minutes MAX. Bump up the difficulty or add and add more content."
,Recommended,493340,27056760,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Penguz,Great game good game to take the stress away Perfect Graphics on Max Good Frames No Problems
,Recommended,493340,27058302,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,erbmur,WEEEEEEEEEEEE.BEST.  COASTER.  BUILDER.  EVER.
,Recommended,493340,27059978,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Disruptz,"This is the best theme park game since RCT2, truth,"
,Recommended,493340,27062980,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hey peter beter text bottom tex,worth the 70$YEET
,Recommended,493340,27105115,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wickyng,Best castle builder
,Recommended,493340,27222934,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zombie.Owl.777,much more creative than roller coaster tycoon 3! really gives you freedom to build your own rides with ease. Great graphics and cool soundtrack. 6/10
76561198043540740,Recommended,493340,27319625,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tezzer_Gorlaugh,A game you need to have if your into these type of management game style one of the best for some time.
76561197990994221,Recommended,493340,27320141,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sparkeh!?!?,"Yeah son, it's good.Wish it had more desgns for buildings and shops outwith the workshop, and that  i could hve workshop files in the same lists as in-game files."
76561197993645617,Recommended,493340,27322877,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KMoondoggie,"Really great theme park sim. I loved Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 and 2 when I was younger and this is probably one of the best of that type of sim game I've seen in awhile. The UI can be a bit tedious at times and there are some improvements that could be made for the actual management aspect of the game, but otherwise it's a fun game with a lot of customization options if you're willing to invest some time figuring it out."
76561198025300991,Recommended,493340,27358981,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,stball,Planet Coaster is a great mix of old school theme park building with all the modden twists you wished the old games had. This being said it isn't perfect. While you are encouraged to build anything and everything you can think of there are some rather surprising limitations on how you can manipulate the building objects you are given.I would also like to see a larger variety of scene objects incorporated into the game at some point. Right now it feels like there are too few themed objects for each catagory clumpted together.For example all the cowboy animated statues are shooting why not have one that is drinking or just walking back and forth.This being said Planet Coaster is still by far one of the best theme park builders to date. It is well balancted and while focusing more on the creative side of things there are still some managment areas to the game. It's a game where you make things as hard or as easy as you like and the local workshop community is very strong with some truly fantasitc creations. It is easy to see that the creators of this game truly believe in what they have made and I look forward to seeing what they will incorporate in 2017.
,Recommended,493340,27361694,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Soul,This is the best Roller Coaster Tycoon I have played since RCT 2.Buy it. Just do it. I know that you know you want it. It worth the money. JUST DO IT!
76561198305374148,Recommended,493340,27464158,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,linkopen,NICE but i lag with the wooden coaster
76561198059208662,Recommended,493340,27467866,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,skipit69,"This game is like the old ""Theme Park"" game from the 90's on steroids.  lots of fun and full of creativity, would highly recommend this to all my friends."
76561197965522594,Recommended,493340,27475147,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ufnik,This is absolutely the simulation we all have been waiting for
,Recommended,493340,27477845,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zweethelm,definitely deserves the ''Just 5 more minutes'' award.
,Recommended,493340,27490932,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Grape Soda,"Hey, that's pretty good."
76561198030845934,Recommended,493340,27515446,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Oranos,Awesome game - 11/10
,Recommended,493340,27516130,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TechInfinity,"This game unleashes the creative mind inside you! The detailing is stunning, you could notice each screw on a beam :PMust-pick on a sale!"
76561198042616173,Recommended,493340,27521165,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,cyrocrystal,"We haven't had a good theme park game that wasn't in early access in a long time, so this game is very welcome. On top of that, this game improves on the User interface, and a lot of quality of life features to make for a fun experience. This plays like the Roller Coaster Tycoon games of old, where you place rides, determine their ticket cost, manage park staff, and make sure rides and attractions don't break down.This game has a lot more freedom than the old RCT games, and it is so much easier to place paths than in any other themepark game I've ever played. You don't need to worry about weather or not your path is perfectly on the ground, if you tell the path to slope down, it will automatically stop when you're level with the ground. So no more building a tall Roller Coaster, only to realize you can't actually get the path to connect to your new creation.9.5/10 could use a slightly more in depth tutorial for advanced features, but otherwise I have no complaints with it."
76561198147465112,Recommended,493340,27528096,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Loco,"Beautiful Timekiller, would buy again."
,Recommended,493340,27560412,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dosia,Game of the Year EasilyI can build rollercoasters with no realistic limits10/10 would kill a whole car of people again
76561197971309565,Recommended,493340,27560510,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FieldMedic,"Fantastic game. Everything you would want in a Theme Park / Rollercoaster game. Park management side is a bit light and simplistic but that does allow you to get down to the design parts which is the focus of the game.My only serious gripe is the game's performance. It's not a deal breaker but the game could use more optimization.Conclusion: Just like City Skylines unseated Sim City as the king of city builders, Planet Coaster easily dethrones Rollercoaster Tycoon World as the best modern coaster game. If you want to build theme parks and rollercoasters don't even consider other titles - get Planet Coaster today!"
76561198016811279,Recommended,493340,27565770,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ozzzzy,"This game is absolutely wonderful.The styling is great, the soundtrack is lovely, and then there is the building aspect.You can keep it simple if you'd like, but you can go insane with it if you have the imagination and time.The building parts and themes that are in the game are very good and work well together, but I'm sure there will be more added in the future.Steam workshop is already overflowing, which is always a good thingThe sunsets look very good. Who doesnt love a good sunset in a game ?<The coaster building is very very nice aswell, easy to understand and fluid to work withonly bug i encountered was a family wondering somewhere on the other side of the map where nothing was build, and there I missed the old RCT tool of picking them up and dropping them somewhere else. I think they just spawned there and were making there way over. But it only happened once so far.In shortIf you like a good management game/coaster game, this is it.It'll give you at least a couple of dozen hours of fun if you're quickly bored with games.If you like to take your time with games, this'll ask a lot of it, and all of it will be good straight up fun.If you like to be creative, this game will provide there aswell.And it sells for a great price!What's not to like really ?"
,Recommended,493340,27568490,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Natalie,"When I was a kid I loved Roller Coaster Tycoon, but I'm an engineer now and designing stuff in this game feels like being at work. That being said, the game builds on all the features I loved and is hugely customisable.I didn't like to pixelated look I was getting on my laptop (albeit laptop with i7 processor and Nvidia Geforce graphics card) but I didn't spend time trying to improve it.Also really really didn't work on a steam controller for me, again I have very little patience setting these things up."
,Recommended,493340,27569782,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pugnax5,Fun!
,Recommended,493340,27571511,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BowDown2WA,Made a crap theme park.Went to the Workshop and got a bunch of inspiration from people around the world.Made a better theme park.Found all the Star Wars stuff on the workshop.Made an AWESOME Star Wars theme park.Died happy.
,Recommended,493340,28008223,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zeg,"Sim City : Cities SkylinesSim Tower : Project HighriseRollerCoaster Tycoon : Planet CoasterAnother example of a game that emulates an old, beloved franchise. But just as in the other two examples, while they recreate the game and feeling of the old, and add their own style and twist, they just can't manage to advance what you might call the 'tech'; the AI, the simulation, the gameplay options.Still, if you liked old RollerCoaster Tycoon this is a solid game of that style, at a good price, with slightly more emphasis on your own creativity rather than a lot of set scenarios."
76561198036153922,Recommended,493340,28012809,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[BFH] Catacomb,Best game EVER! Cant wait to see what is next!
,Recommended,493340,28016263,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,100u,"Planet Coaster is the best theme park sim ever on this planet, truly want to see when they add-in their entire Zoo Tycoon into this game as an expension!!! :)))"
,Recommended,493340,28017065,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,0xFAN,"It's like Cities Skylines of theme park. The building feature is surprisingly solid. You can basically build anything from scratch, and there's workshop support. The art work and music fit the atmosphere very well, unlike many other devs, they didn't throw everything looks or sounds cool into the game. The overall performance is stable at 60 fps 1080P on Ultra settings(GTX 1070), and 40-50fps 4K on High settings.If you are tired of poorly made games or console ports, this may be refreshing and can give you some confidence of PC gaming.tl;dr  $45 very spent."
,Recommended,493340,28022172,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Simpleton,Its what RCTW should have been but never will be.
,Recommended,493340,28038668,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DasawahG,"Just when you think ""I doubt this is possible, but I'll try it anyways"", you try it. And it works. I now have a floating island park in the sky."
,Recommended,493340,28061654,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[Snapje] Dark Laser,"This game is amazing, it's like they took RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 and updated it to 2016 while also fixing most if not all of the bugs we used to hate and love."
76561198018232292,Recommended,493340,28069156,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RGchainsaw69,such an amazing game if you were ever a fan of RC3 you will love this game and spend way to  many hours trying to make a perfect park
76561198119543392,Recommended,493340,28079511,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Overlord of the Biscuit Realm,Planet Coaster is an excellent sandbox game which I would recommend to just about anyone. I have currently put about 10 hours into the game (with plans to play for many more) and  can say I enjoyed every second of it.
76561198212945075,Recommended,493340,28090778,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,wermichiel,"I am not sure if it's my own problem but in the graphic setting I can only choose the Intergrate Graphic Card which is the Intel 5500. In fact, my laptop is equiped with 960m graphic card, but I cannot select it in the setting. Can someone explain this to me please or the later patch has fixed this problem."
,Recommended,493340,28112422,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Riddles In Silence,My review of this game can only be summarized with the lyrics from the Karate Kid montage song:You're the best!Around!Nothing's gonna ever keep you downHistory repeats itselfTry and you'll succeedNever doubt that you're the oneAnd you can have your dreams!You're the best!Around!Nothing's gonna ever keep you downYou're the Best!Around!God Bless Frontier and their wonderful development team.
,Recommended,493340,28123043,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Emloch,"Firstly, if you're looking for the type of challenge this genre typically brings, then you may be slightly disappointed. It's very easy to ""win"", per se. There is little challenge in managing your way to a successful park.Howbeit, if you seek this sort of game just to spend hours building something with practically no limitations, then you couldn't make a better purchase. From this standpoint, this game is worth every cent of its launch price. The freedom offered to build anything in this game is unparalleled.I have yet to come across something I can't build from an idea in my mind. If a piece of scenery I required doesn't exist in the game, there has always been a way for me to build it with the other pieces that do exist in the game. And even if you can't manage to build what you need, there is a high probability that some else has built it in the Steam Workshop; so you can just download it an drop it in your game. And then you can modify it further, to suit your parks aesthetic. Amazing!This game is lighthearted, whimsical, and charming all wrapped up in stellar graphics, so it's easy to play for hours at at time. The music is easy on the ears, but you can also add your own music to the game.This is, hands down, the best sandbox building game I've ever played. Kudos to Frontier Developments!The only issue I have, like most people, is the frame rate drops as your park grows. Although this is expected from a game of this genre, I think there is room for tweaking. Let's hope the devs work that out soon.Happy gaming!"
76561198039040694,Recommended,493340,28138034,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,kreia,Pretty good made even better by modders only thing I could recommend that would make it better is full themes with a full selection of rides and other stuff to go with that said theme other than that it is brill
76561198011337697,Recommended,493340,28173473,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Elusive Plonkey,10/10
,Recommended,493340,28175844,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Lancearon,Reallly Fantastic Park Builder. Extremely easy to add peer content with steam workshop. Greatly satisfying. If you enjoy the RCT Franchise this is a step UP.  Rating S
76561198073268968,Recommended,493340,28182589,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,INOX,"This game is definatly worthy of being the successor to RCT3, to say it is without flaws would be untrue, however it is overall a superb game and is beautifully designed.The coaster creator is well designed, with the ability to change between quick simple designing, using angle snapping or disabling it to create more advanced and precise track configurations free of contraint. The buildings function is good too, based on the original RCT tile based construction, it allows for large buildings to be made quickly, there is also a large selection of accessories that allow for intricate detailing on the structures.The only problems that I have had with it are superficial, such as the lack of ability to make shuttle coasters and a slightly cumbersome park management UI.The game captures the spirit of the old RCT games and brings them to the current generation of gaming."
,Recommended,493340,28190265,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,CED,Very good game but I wish the sandbox would have some options to not have unlimited money.
76561198275756391,Recommended,493340,28190820,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,JoshuaUK89,"This is a great game - the true successor to the Rollercoaster Tycoon Series.However, this is mostly a sandbox simulator. For fans of the managment side/career aspects of Park Management, the game is more limited. Management is really quite limited - limited to a few general clicks - and the scenarios are quite easy. After 35 hours of game play, I've completed all aspects and challenges and have exhausted the game.I would recommened this game, it's great and very well made - however, it's much more suited to sandbox focused players, as opposed to simulator/management fans."
,Recommended,493340,28192545,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,OhsHiasTheres,"great game, really bad optimization.uhh 8/10"
76561198179189859,Recommended,493340,28201434,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,sgunnem,"There are 28 rides not counting roller coasters.  Only a handful of these rides are available to research in career mode.  The sandbox mode has them all.  If you build 2-3 parks in one day you will notice that youre using the same rides over and over.The food shops are slim as there is more of a focus on themes than variety.  For example you have the same moo cow drink stands but with a sci-fi theme or a western theme.I have trouble connecting a path to the exit of a newly built ride.  To remedy this I have to bulldoze the entire ride and rebuild which hurts your bank because to demolish and rebuild involves a loss.  I am hopeful that this will be fixed in an update.I feel like the game could look better, palm trees look a little minecrafty.After playing GTA5 or BF1, it takes a good 20 minutes to adjust to the less than graphics even at 4k.Overall I like it, after the whole rollercoaster world release date nightmare and refund I have been anxious to play a game like this that is not from 2006."
76561198267008269,Recommended,493340,28246372,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,nwar,Great game that bring me back to childhood
,Recommended,493340,28249602,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Diabetus Fetus,"Everything you would ever want in a Roller Coaster Tycoon game, no more Square paths, better management, Workshop support.- The game is more user friendly.-Managing your rides is very simple.-Making different themes for different parts of your park is actually possible- Can build your own custom buildings-Made a really cool coaster and wanna save it? Make a blueprint of it and use it for other parks (same for Shops, Stalls etc.)"
76561198097528994,Recommended,493340,28283578,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Irish,"You really have to slow down and build your park from the smallest of detail. The first few parks that I basically ran out of money for I expanded way too fast. You have to just set your sights on one thing, and really spend some time on it. I've learned to spent a night to design and setup just one ride, so my current park has only 4 rides but they are top notch.Great graphics, good tunes, the controls I found a bit clunky but you do get used to them.Probably not worth the full price, but anything at least 25% off or more would set the bar about right."
76561198037305235,Recommended,493340,28327084,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,AOLCustomer,Think of it and you can build it. So much customization. You can spend hours on one building. Or you could spend five minutes. Play how you want to play.
76561198018767977,Recommended,493340,28331337,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Stryker021,"This game is really fun... but it keeps crashing for no reason every time. I don't know what is causing it, but it really is making me frustrated. I just want to build my coasters man!"
76561197973540342,Recommended,493340,28332731,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,V8Jay,"Awesome game, full of little details! Highly recommended for fans of the rollercoaster tycoon games :)"
76561198116532309,Recommended,493340,28338310,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,LunaCPlays,"If you have a fond reminiscence that plays out in your mind when you hear the name Roller Coaster Tycoon from a decade or more ago, this is the game for you.  If you ever wondered what would happen if that game was properly reintroduced and restructured for the modern PC, this is the game for you.  If you ever wanted to not just build a park, but build every little detail down to what siding you use on your shops, this is the game for you.  If you want to play a theme park simulator and recapture the fond memories of days wasted in decades now past on popular titles from the time, don't get Roller Coaster Tycoon World.   Get this.  They did everything right and it is the game I hoped it would be and I think you'll enjoy it too.  My only complaint to date is the camera.  I've seen others too.  Not much for a game that got so much more than that right."
76561198206387457,Recommended,493340,28346905,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,RYU_STEM,"Fond memories of the nights I spent as a teenager hiking up bathroom entry prices, to fund my construction of my 200 foot high coaster. 5/5"
76561197996692596,Recommended,493340,28396602,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Omen,"Been waiting for this game for a long time. I use to play RCT alot years ago, and spent countless hours creating amazing parks and rides. I have to say... Planet Coaster is even better than I expected. Seems like the Dev's are also in love with there creation. And they should be! I think Planet Coaster is worth even more then there asking, and you will not be dissapointed if you buy it! Great Job! Thanks!!!!!"
,Recommended,493340,28411023,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Ruddiger,"Created a theme park where all the drinks cost 10cents, all the food is spicy as ♥♥♥♥. The people love it until they find out the toilets cost 50 quid a dump.Money spinner."
76561198116481364,Recommended,493340,28420070,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Just Stu,"Cities Skyline but Theme parks imo, doesnt mean its bad just means its freekin awesome man #jetfueldoesntmeltsteelbeams"
,Recommended,493340,28437569,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,mtgriffin1,"This game is phenominal. After my first tycoon game RTC3 I fell in love with this kind of game. Planet coaster has been the best game on the market if you are into these types of games. Now let't get on with the pros and consPROS:-Great Graphics-Great Detail-Fun coaster building-Customizable Interface-Unlimited building possibilites-Very realisticThis guy has so much to offer in so many ways. You can do so much. There is an endless amount of things to explore and ways to tweak your park. The graphics will blow your mind. It has so much detail and almost looks realistic aside from the people that actually go into your park. The cartoonish feel just suits the game so much. The water is done phenominally. It looks so real. The animatronics are also something so amazing. It is greatCONS:-Crashes-Recommended requirements-Management-TutorialThe game actually crashes on my computer. I don't know why but the autosave feature doesn't make it a big deal. Just keep autosave on and you will be good to go. My PC does not meet the recommended requirements but it can run almost every other game I have flawlessly. I have to admit my PC is three years old but after a few rides and scenery my frames start to drop. The game needs more optimization so my PC, an i5 8gb of ram and a gtx 750 Ti, can run this thing without frame droppage until you have added things to fill up about half the park. Management has gotten better after the last update but it is still lacking. I feel they could add more so it would make the game more challenging especially for challenge mode, but this does not really affect my gameplay. The tutorial videos are fine, just we need a tutorial in the actual game too. The campaign kind of teaches you the basics, but in a slow and boring manner. Sandbox is something that newcomers should start off in.Overall the game is so amazing and is definitely worth the $45 price tag. 8.5/10"
76561198007459661,Recommended,493340,28563862,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,knickyc,"Brilliant, beautifully crafted game with almost infinite creative potential."
76561198349098359,Recommended,493340,28658954,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Groanges,"roller coaster tycoon on steroids. alot of stuff to wrap your head around, but dont listen to the haters this game gives you a game that feels triple a, not all this weak bullcrap game developers people have been shovling down our throats the past few years."
76561198003161386,Recommended,493340,28660914,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Chip Skylark,Great casual game that has the nostalgic feel of Rollercoaster Tycoon. The graphics to this game are amazing with beautiful landscapes that you can see as you test ride a coaster. The customization of rollercoasters are fantastic with tons of flexibility of how you want your track to go. I would recommend this to any gamer.
,Recommended,493340,28664638,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,That Guy/ skinhub.com,"Unlease your creative juicesplanet coaster is a very scenery centric game but even if you aren't creative you can choose from thousands of blueprints available in steam workshop.PROSamazing graphics (you need to see your park in full sunset)easy and aweome coaster creationsh*t ton of scenery and deco peicesawesome community at redditsteam workshopCONSnot a spectacular career mode (though they are improving slowly)pathing is a bit janky to useno modding tools (the content per theme is lot but the themes are few; you can say the devs with add more sh*t but the modding possibilities are endless; modders can do wonders)some bugs here and thereCONCLUSIONa great game that revived this genre. though i have never played the 'roller coaster tycoon series' . i can imgine this being a blessing fot the fans of rct series. modding is highly requested. buy it when ever you can if you like sandbox-y games or like to kill guest by crashing a coaster right through the busy, crowded paths !"
,Recommended,493340,28795115,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,xxkimeraxx,"A modern roller coaster tycoon. Very customisable, you can get lost for hours custom building your park or just planting trees."
,Recommended,493340,28797274,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Fake Soul Butter,"Is this a perfect game? Nope, not at all, but it it certainly a blast to play.Pros:+Devs seem very on top of content and quality of life additions to the game, the last patch alone eliminated like 80% of my gripes with the UI and tool usage.+Game looks beautiful, if you build a magnificent coaster and add kickass scenery, you get to experience every particle of it+More robust coaster creation than Roller Coaster Tycoon+Decently in-depth coaster statistics+Super addictive career mode+Scenery and buildings are completely customizable and you can build your own everything+All your custom coasters and scenery have direct integration into the workshop and getting other people's work is intuitive+Infinite hours of challenge or sandbox gameplayCons-Not many themes to choose from at the moment-Guest simulation is glitchy, last patch they wouldnt use gift/balloon/hat shops, now they ignore everything else to try to get in line for those shops (I trust this will be fixed but it's a good example of things that happen)-Performance gets poor with many guests in the park. It seems to be getting better but everything still slows once you hit a couple thousand guests.-Logic behind what is influencing coaster ratings for Excitement/Fear/Nausea isn't always clear. Fear especially puzzles me as to what influences it.-Career mode is good but finite, would like to see more missions added in the future.None of the cons are gamebreaking except the performance issues which, again, are improving. I have enjoyed every moment in the game, even when the guests are being funky. If you are looking for the rightful successor in the genre Roller Coaster Tycoon made, I think this is the game for you. I will say that there is more depth in the creative aspects than the management aspects however, which was not the case with RTC."
,Recommended,493340,28801473,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sir Deke,"I haven't put much time into this game, but I can tell that I will enjoy it. I loved the roller coaster tycoon franchise and Planet Coaster seems to pull a lot from that. I definitely recommend this game for anyone who wants to own their own amusment park!"
76561198318920186,Recommended,493340,28822152,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,alexj56,love the game to bits
,Recommended,493340,28822167,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,jasonnkloos,"If this game had the content available in Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 Platinum, it would be almost perfect. However, it has half of the amount of rides that RCT3 had when it first came out and less than a third of the rides that RCT3 had when you account for the two expansion packs. (This is me actually opening both games and actually counting what is available)If the content keeps coming from the developers, this game will be a 99/100. As is, I would rate it at 75/100 for lack of content."
,Recommended,493340,28824561,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,big snek,hard to start with but gets easybest game on my pc yet
76561198184896637,Recommended,493340,28825812,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TacticalFear316,"When Roller Coaster Tycoon was in early access I bought it and within 1 hour I immediately demanded a refund via steam. Planet Coaster is everything Roller Coaster Tycoon World could have been and more! 1st day with the game I lost complete track of time and spent 5 to 6 hours on it. I haven't gotten into the meat and potatos of the game yet either mainly sandboxing learning the ropes as they say.After 1 lenghty session some things are left to be desired, more fan generated content, hoping for more support from the developer on additonal pieces added, and I couldn't help but wonder what if I could check out other peoples parks visit as a guess if you will. Perhaps a leaderboard with top visited parks and revenue gained etc.I grew up on RTC series and it was hard to trust again after the mess that was RTCW. Game is very stable I have hit a few small glitches with support beams that just wouldn't go away for a roller coaster that was demolished. I've tried leaving the world coming back in, burying it with dirt, digging it out, placing a rock at it's base deleting a coaster I thought it was part of. But that 1 dang support beam just refused to go away it was a little frustrating after spending 5-6 hours on the beautification of my parkOverall this game is stable, loads of fun and looking forward to many hours of gameplay. Hopefully the dev's will add in some of the park visiting features I mentioned. It would be a lot of fun to go check out everyone elses unique parks"
76561198159080570,Recommended,493340,28829650,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,THEACEshark,amazing game definitly worth
76561198013901485,Recommended,493340,28863306,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Clef,"For those of you that liked the classic Rollercoaster Tycoon games, you will love this. You can spend hours and hours making that perfect looking coaster, only to realise that half your shops closed due to unhappy staff. How's that for getting carried away?!"
,Recommended,493340,28916806,Posted: 1 January,all,Advisor,Got Planet Coaster as a birthday gift from a friend.Didn't talk to him ever since my birthday.This game ruins friendship. 10/10
76561198052363103,Recommended,493340,28921598,Posted: 1 January,all,Knightmon X,"Really great music and fun gameplay. I kinda feel a bit lost sometimes as the game just plops you into a senario and there isn't really any interactive tutorial.  But meh trial and error, it's ok the game feels like a Roller Coaster tycoon game, that has better music and graphics.  The only other flaw is how fast the rides become old and people stop paying for it, you either have to refurbish it constantly or demolish and rebuild it. It's annoying. Overall the park and staff management of Rollercoaster Tycoon World is better than it is in Planet Coaster. But that honestly is the only thing, Rollercoaster Tycoon World has as it kinda looks and plays like crap. I think the Devs better fix that park management for planet coaster or people won't play this game either...I don't think they actually care what people want or the players opinion honestly"
76561197998450027,Recommended,493340,28926766,Posted: 1 January,all,Hellnaw,"Overall i was impressed and had much fun with the ""creative"" side of the game.Like Todd Howard said ""It just works"". Except it really does this time.Building coasters and rides are fairly simple yet detailed. Although there is a bit of a learning curve  its pretty short and enjoyable. One thing that might help is adding decription details to preset loops, inverts etc. Such as how much minimum speed is needed to complete the loop, or how much fear and nausea it might cause.The part where the ""early - access"" comes in is the management part. Its shallow and a little buggy as well.Buildings and facilities are a bit limited. There are no parades, shows and special events at the moment.Gameplaywise providing different food and drink options is pretty unnecessary as guests don't care what they eat. When hungry they will just eat whatever is closest.The demand for some items or rides is headscratching. Guests will literally starve and bore themselves to death just to get a balloon.Guests also seem obsessed with some ancient ride called blue wing. No matter how high the price or how many better options there are they will try to ride it waiting, starving and boring themselves to no end.To conclude, this early access is impressive and worth the money. But it is time to clean up bugs and flesh out the management part."
,Recommended,493340,28970991,Posted: 3 January,all,SongSungBlue,"I've had this game for a week and a half and I must say this is the ABSOLUTE best Building game that I have ever seen and the only limitation i think that anyone could find is there own imagination. I have put 60 hours into building my first park and just finished the park entrance today, It's not a hard thing to play and is chalanging enough to never loose intrest. The greatest part fo me is I have always wanted to be able to add mods but don't know my way around my computer to venture into that aspect of gaming . With planit coaster there is enought pieces on each pallet that with a little trial and error you can creat something that looks totaly diffrent then what any one has made and just like mods your creation can go into the steam workshop as easy as saving it in your own library and if you find something on the workshop you want in your park it's just as easy to get it as any other game but the best part is you can change it , re color or reshape it and make it something totaly you own and not have the same piece everyone else is using. The pallet of SFX has some pretty awsome things to make your park look great above or below ground and day or night and there are enough buildidng materials to make near replicas of everything from your own home to an entire city of tomarrow. The only con I could ifnd with this game is do to the leveel of detail in the game it is very resource demanding and I can tell already from not only my own experiance but the experiane of those i have seen on You tube that the bigger the park, you make the more taxing it is on your PC and as usuall the frame rate  is the first to suffer. So you must really pay attention to the number of people you allow into your park and even though it's tempting to just let peices be overlaped and not seen it will be to your advantage to delet what won't be seen anyway as it's just adding to the number of proccessed information in your computer. My PC exceeds all the  suggested requirments except my video card is only an R9285 so even though things are working fine now as my park grows I wont be suiprised if I start seeing a lot of lag but as muchas I am enjoying this game so far I feel it will defenetly be worth the investment into a better graphics card,The folks at Frontier really have a great thing here and thats coming from somebody that didn't think they could ever make a building simulaiter better the Cities Skylines. Actually I'd be very supprised if Planit coaster doesn't make the top 5 simulaiter games for 2017. So far it has my vote for #1"
,Recommended,493340,28992081,Posted: 3 January,all,logan_macbas,Spent a hour laying rocks!
,Recommended,493340,28996131,Posted: 3 January,all,Beehj,"A glorious modernisation of everything which made RCT such a great & addictive game back in the day. Beautiful creative mechanics open up a wealth of gameplay, the management side is a little flimsy but still requires thought when building & expanding whilst your park is open. The gameplay is focused, kitschy in all the right places, & beautifully designed.Be warned, an epic sandbox will take all the CPU horsepower you have. I was cruising at around 11fps on my biggest park thus far (10+ coasters, ~2- rides, >7.5k guests). It was all CPU holding me back. That said, my i5 3470 @ 3.9ghz, GTX970, 8gb DDR3, SSD/HDD got 35fps min & 45 fps avg, Ultra at 1080p, with a ""regular"" map.The MetaCritic reviews are spot on. This is an 8.5 or 9 out of 10 game IMO. Highly recommended"
,Recommended,493340,28998206,Posted: 3 January,all,Revan,I've left my park to fend for itself and twiddle about with landscaping and making little adjustments to existing rides or just building colossal rides in the mean time for about 13 years in-game in the same park and everything is still going just fine.
,Recommended,493340,29062039,Posted: 6 January,all,phil,"Before i start- I refunded the gameThe game seems to be real fun, but it does need a lot of optimization.  I have an i7 4790K, and a GTX 760, but i get about 75 fps on low settings- and it dips below ten when using POV.I was a real RCT2 nerd, i played RCT2 more than RCT3 after it came out, but i couldnt get into this game at all."
,Recommended,493340,29066048,Posted: 6 January,all,1st Lt. Only Doghouse,"Great game, completely worth the price. A welcome addition to the tycoon genre"
76561198015023502,Recommended,493340,29074180,Posted: 6 January,all,Chinner,"Camera needs a little work, zoom to the mouse cursor would be infinitely better, other than that it's awesome. Addictive af"
,Recommended,493340,29074715,Posted: 6 January,all,Suffocation,Plantet Coaster is the true sucessor to rollercoaster tycoon. The game at its base is wonderful but has been followed up with free content patches. Its clear this game was made with hart and care.
,Recommended,493340,29097265,Posted: 7 January,all,Promise20,i got a black screen after the frontier intro? can anyone hlp me pls.
,Recommended,493340,29122972,Posted: 8 January,all,mdajr,So much fun. Its RCT for 2017. What's not to love?
,Recommended,493340,29152023,Posted: 9 January,all,Kayzar,"Excellent game. A true improvement upon not only the Theme Park simulation game but upon the entire Simulation Genre. The high level of customizability allows you to truly create the roller coaster, dark ride, or overall theme park of your dreams. The fact that you can rotate and combine most scenery items means that the only true limit is your creativity.That being said: Frontier, if you are reading this...please add Dinosaur animatronics into the game. Also some safari/adventure scenery wouldn't hurt. Thank you!"
76561198080488827,Recommended,493340,29156438,Posted: 9 January,all,Voyager,My challenge mode park started at 75 FPS. Lets just say that lasted for 1 day of playing
76561198015307033,Recommended,493340,29163126,Posted: 10 January,all,calcpinkthemassimatic,Thumbs Up!
,Recommended,493340,29215163,Posted: 12 January,all,Megan Fox,"ive played rollercoaster tycoon 1,2 and 3 with all add ons..first i love that kind of management simulation with theme parks and you can spend tons of hrs on it.now i bought planet coaster and it is simply the better choice against RCT:World..so far in planet coaster there are NO bugs and you can do nearly everything. (Sandbox Mode)you can build your own customized coasters, shops and decorations / extras just perfect for creative gamer with time to waste in the game, it is 100% worth the money and your lifetime!my favourite is the workshop function and its kinda funny but i spend more time in planet coaster workshop than ingame yet xD5* for that masterpiece!"
76561198217493855,Recommended,493340,29317611,Posted: 17 January,all,mahtanikrish,"I love this game, it teaches you how to manage your finances and the game is fun as you have complete control over what you do,unlike some games. I would reccomend this game alot!!! :)"
76561198006618744,Recommended,493340,29349680,Posted: 18 January,all,rmay11,"very addicting! creativity is a huge aspect of this game. there is a bit of th learning curve and the camera can be difficult to use at first, but overall you will not be disappointed, if you enjoyed the the first generation of rollercoaster tycoon. the only complaint I have, is not being able to make your own objects, for example  animetronic dinosaurs, or water themed with sharks. Hopefully they will realize some workshop tools for modding, which could make this possible."
,Recommended,493340,29363196,Posted: 19 January,all,chrisac33,The best theme park simulation game yet!
,Recommended,493340,29425626,Posted: 22 January,all,FlannelBeard,LOVE this game! 110 hours sunk between my wife and I.
76561198028269282,Recommended,493340,29452686,Posted: 23 January,all,86MegaTones,"I Love this game! It looks better than any previous theme park sim I've ever played. The freedom in scenery, path, and ride design is amazing.However, for every new freedom it grants, one from previous games seems to have been taken away.- The terrain system is awesome, but I do miss having an optional grid based system or being able to set terrain hieght. I also have trouble getting the terrain to match up with the hieght of tracks, I recall a feature in another game where you can snap the terrain to the track, perhaps the auto tunnel feature (which even that can't seem to get the terrain flat under the track) can raise terrain up to match with the track.-While there are many more stand alone thrill and gentle rides, There are alot of track-based rides missing this time around, like the ghost train, or water rides like the River ride.- The selection of objects for the scenery themes is great and really well-done. But there are really only a few to choose from besides Generic; Western, Pirate, Sci fi, and Medieval. I would like to have seen maybe a jungle theme in there too, there is a desert enviroment and trees that look like they're from africa, but no animals (static or anamatronic) to do a jungle themed ride.- The grid selection mechanic seems to be random depending on what scenery or building piece is selected. It's a little hard to place street lamps on opposite sides of a path without them ending up offset from eachother, but that's more of a minor nitpick.Overall it is a great game, I'm just hoping some more tweaking will be done and additional content patched in the future.8/10"
,Recommended,493340,29476486,Posted: 24 January,all,SpicyHollz42,Probably one of the best roller coaster sims I have ever played. I love it!
76561197986460612,Recommended,493340,29531836,Posted: 27 January,all,Grand Admiral Triscuit,i really like this game but it lags ALOT.
76561198022874921,Recommended,493340,29568700,Posted: 29 January,all,CKLFish,Great Game:) At least better than RCTW:)
,Recommended,493340,29732100,Posted: 5 February,all,Defiance | LFT,Very interesting game made for many ages adults and kids
76561197970845604,Recommended,493340,29759745,Posted: 7 February,all,Paski,"I was so excited building my first custom roller coaster, it would have killed everyone on it. With G-forces from -10 till 19G.Planet Coaster is the new standard for amusement park games. If you're a fan of RCT franchice, Sims, Simcity and Skylines. This will be a worthy addition to your library."
76561197970907520,Recommended,493340,29825561,Posted: 10 February,all,brozy,"For the most part, this is really great fun!There are some cons:- the current prestige/ageing system- the staff seems never to be happy, either too much work, or not enough. Someone should look into that.- at a certain park size my trusty hardware gets on its knees, handling the peeps, effects and all (not the game's fault)Aside from those points, i recommend this game to every theme park enthusiast."
76561198219091225,Recommended,493340,29974704,Posted: 16 February,all,deadlycat,I loved every moment of it! Plus it's a great time spender!
76561198230059676,Recommended,493340,30008223,Posted: 18 February,all,Creeperman2XL,"This is one of the best games I've played since RCT3.Would I recomend it? OF COURSE!Is it worth it?  TBH, I would wait until the next update to buy it.Lucky for me, I got it for Christmas."
,Recommended,493340,30014816,Posted: 18 February,all,[TranceFam]H2O Vaper,"Its like they took what was great about all RCT games, and combined them into one.Then, they made the graphics, sound, models, etc, amazing.Then they published it with a cool name:Planet CoasterI highly reccomend that you buy this game. It's well worth the money and so far, and its been an amazing experience."
,Recommended,493340,30019513,Posted: 18 February,all,who needs a name,"This is one of the best themepark games of all time. There's near limitless potential and the game still has lots of content coming. If you're remotely into building themeparks, this is worth the money.Disclaimer: Be prepared to spend 4+ hours on one building and still think it needs work."
76561198040631317,Recommended,493340,30024734,Posted: 18 February,all,Modular100,"Just about everything in this game, from the soundtrack to the gorgeous visuals, makes you grin like a child at what you've created. Can thoroughly recommend this game to anyone who wants to have a good time."
,Recommended,493340,30050742,Posted: 19 February,all,Turbo Autism,roller coaster tycoon 2 brought me here
76561198098030203,Recommended,493340,30146866,Posted: 24 February,all,Quatre mains,"remind me again the memory of childhood, love this game,can't stop it"
76561198311890498,Recommended,493340,30545999,Posted: 16 March,all,The Silver Shroud,"Wow. The true continuation of the Roller Coaster Tycoon games, a good 40 hours into it and I'm still finding new props to play with. Endless of things to build as long as you've got yur creativity! As an economy-game it is not superb, but the stunning graphics and placement-freedom makes up of it. I have however started getting frequent crashes as my park has grown bigger."
76561198139964163,Recommended,493340,30549777,Posted: 16 March,all,Vizon,"All I can say is WOW! Starting off, the devs did everything PERFECTLY. From the graphics to the coaster building tools everything is smooth as butter. If you're like me and have played every Rollercoaster Tycoon game for hours on end, you will definitely not be dissapointed! The graphics are fantastic and the new building tools let you create the most realistic coasters without having all those sharp turns and hills in the old games. Path building is much easier with length/width customization. The snapping feature of paths and coaster tracks makes building 10x easier and being able to turn it off and freehand is also a plus. The smoothing feature on rollercoasters is the best thing in this game with the ability to remove sharp turns and banks. The park management side of the game is also superb. Guests have reasonable thoughts and likes/dislikes and having the ability to see everything going on in your park and guests' thoughts on one screen is very handy. The research feature is also one of my favorites. You can choose what rides/buildings you want to unlock instead of automatically unlocking random rides and buildings that you will never use. Have yet to find any bad things about this game. If you are debating whether or not to get this game, go for it! You will not be dissapointed!"
76561197987274541,Recommended,493340,30577479,Posted: 17 March,all,Hawke,"Pros:What a joy to build everything in this game. The graphics are incredible and the gameplay is very good. The management side is not as bad as some people say, but it's not fantastic either. It is good.This game is the epitome of ""one..more..turn"" only there aren't any turns, so it's more like ""one..more..minute"" which turns into hours. You will lose track of time building your park, and watching it grow organically.The feedback panels give you lots of information, and you can quickly go to the trouble spot by viewing the tabs.Cons:There is no tutorial at all, just some youtube videos. For the price of this game $60 CAD, you would think they could at least build a tutorial level, but the campaign is a very good start. If you are a builder fanatic like me, you will quickly get by with the pop-up help menus while you build, so at least there is that. While this is a con, it is still not that horrible.The only thing I haven't figured out is how to view the terrain underground, and I'm not 100% sure that it isn't just disabled for the first ""beginner"" campaign.I recommend this game for the theme park builder in you. :)"
76561198131481908,Recommended,493340,30804000,Posted: 28 March,all,Hudders,I've hardly even played this game an I can already tell its going to be one of my new favourites.
76561198063336601,Recommended,493340,30893297,Posted: 1 April,all,Frank Underwood,This is an excellent game if you are a theme park enthusiast!
,Recommended,493340,30965158,Posted: 5 April,all,MastahNL,This game is one of the best buiding/simulation games I have ever played.
76561198030755547,Recommended,493340,30970805,Posted: 5 April,all,medledan16,"I rarely write reviews. But I am taking the time to say I LOVE THIS GAME. This IS the successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon. I have waited so many years for this. So many options, so much detail, beauiful graphics.No regretts."
,Recommended,493340,31000578,Posted: 7 April,all,TheChainZKid,"A worthy successor to the rollercoaster tycoon series. The sheer customisation you have over your park is phenomenal and will keep you busy for ages. I honestly need to play more. My only gripe is that the game isn't that difficult, especially after you get over the initial hump so just keep to sandbox.10/10 Would spend 4 hours syncing a rollercoaster to a green day song again."
76561198281323186,Recommended,493340,31364861,Posted: 25 April,all,fourpeez,It is a very fun game but it wont load and if it does load then it crashes 20 seconds later.....
,Recommended,493340,31376831,Posted: 26 April,all,tezzofino,THE Good: UNBELIEVABLE FUN!THE Bad: You dont notice how much time is flying.
76561197983979161,Recommended,493340,31452622,Posted: 29 April,all,USA Guerrilla,This game revived rollecoster tycoon games! I highly recommend it!
76561198022293956,Recommended,493340,31533205,Posted: 3 May,all,TAR HEEL PROGRAMMER,Very good game. It along with Cities Skylines are the two best city/park building games out now. Get both and enjoy both.
,Recommended,493340,31808131,Posted: 17 May,all,Baelnes,"Nice Graphics and UI, have more than an open sandbox makes the game more challenging compared to the old Rollercoaster Tycoon games."
,Recommended,493340,32830369,Posted: 26 June,all,winter,I love it!
76561198193438374,Recommended,493340,33332068,Posted: 6 July,all,That Guy,"Great Game:- Lots of freedom- No Grid (except for paths and building when enabled)- Free updates (so far)- Easy building, terrain and path tools- Scenarios- Lots of different flat rides and coasters- LOTS of building and scenery items- Fantastic graphicsRecommend this game to anyone who has the money."
76561198088140004,Recommended,493340,33355016,Posted: 7 July,all,conn6orsuper117,Pros:Better than RTCWorldGreat Rides.More freedom to build rollercoasters & scenery.Not confinded to certain themes per park.Great GraphicsCons:Frame rate (can fix with a new Graphics card which I plan on getting)Camera ControlsMaking scenery to appeal to guests can be tedioussometimes you have to eyeball things (which brings me back to camera controls)hard to keep dual coasters synchronized because of inequal grid/symmetrical (IE have to eyeball it to keep the lift chains together which brings me back to camera controls)I hate seeing my guests hands instead of the rollercoastersOn sandbox mode my employees quit too fast (even when fully trained & have at most $500 pay)No Waterpark DLCBugs:Im somehow looking down instead of foward (since yesterday I can see a perfect shot of my guests chest & legs) when riding rides.this bug seems to be fixed now.Lighting sometimes doesnt blend on walls.Final verdict 9/10many good franchises of my childhood is failing and there are many great alternatives to those.Buying Planet coaster instead of RCTworld is is a perfect example.
,Recommended,493340,33359595,Posted: 7 July,all,Eddiquette,love the game. very good graphics as well..
,Recommended,493340,33361305,Posted: 7 July,all,Gnomey,"I mean, you literally build disney land. But with semi bad fps."
,Recommended,493340,33366002,Posted: 8 July,all,Gabguy,Acidently left guests on ferris wheel for 2 months10/10 would traumatize families again
,Recommended,493340,26649583,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,felixmagic,First 5 minutes I know how to do everything and it user interface is easy to use! Unlike Rollercoaster Tycoon World.Its everything I wanted from a park sim!!!!
76561198089849653,Recommended,493340,26649699,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,hazzaharrington,"love it , best roller coaster game i have ever played"
,Recommended,493340,26649716,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,64bitrobot,"I'd write a better review, but I'm too busy actually playing the game. I feel as though there might not be as many rides as I want, but I imagine that might change in the future. Regardless, it's fun enough for me as it is now."
76561197998239283,Recommended,493340,26649982,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Chainedkitty,"Have just started and can already tell im going to love this game.get it, its worth it, you love roller coaster tycoon style games? or city skylines?then this games gonna tickle that area of you big time.must have tycoon style game."
76561198020322424,Recommended,493340,26665330,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ĻØŴ ƤƦŐƑĩĹĔ,A-W-E-S-O-M-E-!
76561198030389459,Recommended,493340,26667996,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ChanCe,"WOW. This is the best game of 2016 to me. Only looking at the details this game will suprise you! It has been years I have not played a game as good as this one! Unfortunately It is like RollerCoaster Tycoon and it will cost me hundreds of hours to explore, bulid and appreciate. Haha, enjoy it and a big thank you to those who involve in the development of both Planet Coaster and RollerCoaster Tycoon. You guys build a really fansy world and good memory of mine."
,Recommended,493340,26669801,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,M2Witcher,The game was great. Everthing was perfect but i want some more rides and shops for foods and drinks. I hope have DLC soon.
,Recommended,493340,26675573,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,[TC] SirLamer,This is exactly what you want it to be.
,Recommended,493340,26675586,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dav,Best £30 you'll ever spend
76561198025432815,Recommended,493340,26695844,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,und3ad,"I've only put in a few hours, but I can already tell I'm going to be spending way too much time with this game! The amount of detail is just mind blowing."
76561198002446170,Recommended,493340,26696144,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Hughesy,"Fantastic game. It takes me back to my youth when I'd go to a theme park with my brother and then come home and play Roller Coaster Tycoon with him. The creative tools in this game are so deep, so if you like theme park games then I highly recommend you buy this game."
76561198092195834,Recommended,493340,26700596,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,punxnet,"Fantastic game, I'm super impressed!!!  Picture Rollercoaster Tycoon on Steroids.  It's definitely worth buying, and adding to your steam game collection."
,Recommended,493340,26702965,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kirstondo,THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!
,Recommended,493340,26738294,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Nykachuu,"to start with this game is awesome and is getting close to all you've ever wanted from a theme park game. The developers are amazing and they don't seem to be done with the game yet (which is awesome). But because it's the game that can bring back the theme park genre, there's so much that can still be done:at first a weird bug i encountered where guests do que for the ride but don't actually go on it. This happened to me in career which makes it even more annoying.things that can be improved:The management side of things (changing all the prices or changing all the salaries at once(Implemented))Optimizations (my game runs quite well, but some other players seem to have trouble. it's sometimes stuttering a little)More themes, items and flat rides or modding support which would help with items, themes and flat rides as well.a better hitbox for coasters and rides to make terra forming around them easier. this is key to especially to make water rides look good.right now the game is continouing to entertain me and I love it!"
,Recommended,493340,26738313,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Typo_o,18 hours inFinally finished detailing the toiletsDecember update edit: THEY FIXED EVERYTHING THE COMMUNITY ASKED FOR THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING FANTASTIC
76561198338828215,Recommended,493340,26738349,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,DVL98,the most epic game i ever seen !!!
,Recommended,493340,26739056,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hyrule Chosen One,Basically Rollercoaster 3 but modern
,Recommended,493340,26741007,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,exotic,Amazing sandbox rollercoaster-adventure building game. If you like sandbox games this is definitely for you. The challenge mode tests your ability to bring in money and attract customers and the campaign is great. Visiting other players' parks shows you just what you can actually build in this game! 11/10
76561198066169844,Recommended,493340,26741733,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,TheSpecialXGamer,Such an amazing game. Only have a few hours playing but with hours of watching videos this game is next level. I have been waiting for a game like this for years! Plus the music is beyond amazing!!This game is a GRANDSLAM10/10
,Recommended,493340,26742206,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,TheKillerChicken,"Awesome game! It also has fire in it, which makes me very happy. It is missing the scenario creator and track designer plus many of the rides and people maker like RCT3, unfortunately. It does feel incomplete. I don't know what demonic power posessed them to use DX11, it is old and useless now as DX12 is out and IS faster. I also HATE THE FREAKING PATH SYSTEM! If I could give a neutral rating, I would, but a plus will do for now."
,Recommended,493340,26744851,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Trending_Gamer,Such a fun game finally using the correct developers for the game.  The mechanics always work and the functions that are within the games are amazing.
,Recommended,493340,26884704,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MennoMax,10/CoasterLiterally turning your sleep rhythm into a rollercoaster.
,Recommended,493340,26885109,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Prof. Borkensnoot,"The best of its genre, hands down. Cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198085987825,Recommended,493340,26975068,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sum112358,"Although i'm nowhere near to an expert at this game, i was a big fan of the previous roller coaster games and to me this just adds on to the games that I already know and love. I'm not a reviewer unlike other people that actually know how to right a review but, I can personally say that this game is worth every single penny you put into it."
76561197966238025,Recommended,493340,26976706,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BeepZor,"I like it, yes I do very much."
,Recommended,493340,26978152,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Squill,Super addicting!
,Recommended,493340,26980333,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Walker,Lovely theme park sim with an unbeiliveable level of customization out of the box. All of the tweakable elements you could imagine in terms of creative design.
,Recommended,493340,26988649,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ipodtouchdude,Really great game that you can build your own theme park and ride your rides. If you don't want to build your own theme park download someone elses and ride their rides.
,Recommended,493340,26993779,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Abraxii,THE BEST PLANET COASTER GAME OUT THERE 10/10
,Recommended,493340,27002941,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fireofdestruction77,"well its fun, although i found that some controls are either buggy or i'm inherently stupid like placing bins for me or scenery for that matter when i did attempt either of those if i clicked a trash can from the selection menu it would place one where i clicked(on the selection menu) instead of placing it where i wanted and then closing the scenery tab makes them disappear anyway, once i managed to figure out the other controls for rides and such (i.e placing mechnics for paths when going up and down and mid air direction changes) and getting a few rides down it slowly became more enjoyable however the whole placing bins thing is really got me confused if anyone else is having that happen to them please let me know so i can figure this out lol with my short play time of 99 minutes not much else i can say at the moment but over the comming holidays ill add more :P for now id suggest buying the game on a upcoming saleEDIT: indeed the trash thing is a bug of sorts reloading the game this morning i was able to place trash bins perfectly but then trying to place a shop or something was like placing bins last night it wasnt going to happen they better patch that bit soon for now back to skyrimEDIT2: i had the game actually crash from just making a park (before anyone goes about my computer 4770k@4.4GHz 16gb ram and a gtx1080) hold off on buying the game until christmas."
,Recommended,493340,27005717,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sinestra,good game!!!
,Recommended,493340,27007763,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir_Lagsalot,"Roller Coaster Tycoon World might be the sequel to rct3 but planet coaster is the true successor to rct3. Made by the same studio the made rct3 planet coaster has got all the tools you need to make your dream theme park. It's got everything from materials for making the scenery for your park to the materials for the buildings in your park. It has rides that range from kiddie rides to thrill rides to the main attraction that is roller coasters.What can you do with all this stuff? Well you can build a park that is realistic, you can recreate your favorite rides from real life, you can charge your guests $10 to use the toilet, yes you can even build coasters that crash into a path full of people.Major areas that planet coaster shinesThe building mechanics of roller coastersThe terrain tools make digging holes and creating hills easyAbility to make custom buildings for everything from venders to entrances to rides stationsWhile planet coaster does have alot it is also lacking quite a few things.Go kartsNot enough custom scenery like in rct3Not enough variety in the food venders like rct3Not as many flat rides like in rct3Hopefully frontier will allow  the use of mods  so we can get custom scenery and building matierials and that they add more rides and variety in food venders in the near future."
76561198341410289,Recommended,493340,27008039,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tropical,Planet Coaster ≠ RCT WorldBecause Planet Coaster is actually good.
76561198007144793,Recommended,493340,27009006,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bullet Bro,10/10 This is the theme park game you have been waiting for! The amount of customization allowed is insane! You can literally create anything you can think of! Just buy it already.
,Recommended,493340,27010906,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jordan,Thanks Frontier.
,Recommended,493340,27012272,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[Q],"Planet Coaster is the first game since Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 to spark any interest for me in roller coasters or theme parks. The shear ability to create anything and everything you've ever wanted to create in a theme park game is finally possible in this game. Ive never seen a more indepth terrain control or customization of coasters in any game ever. The Devs are incredibly interactive with the community and listened to feedback about the game and have changed it for the better and they are already releasing free additional content after release in a holiday patch. This game has a bright future and will hopefully have its few negative flaws patched out.My only caveat is that it is much easier than any of the past games it's based off of due to lack of indepth management features so IF you preferred a game like RCT1 over RCT2 and 3 due to difficulty and flow you might want to look towards Parkitect instead. If you are more interested in RCT2 and 3 style freedom of design and are more looking to getting your creative juices flowing this game is for you.If CIV 6 hadnt come out this year this was definitely the game of the year for me. Now, it's a toss up"
,Recommended,493340,27013368,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LunaValSpooker 🕷,Hey you! Yeah you! Member the good old days of RCT? How innovative RCT III's 3d graphics were? How II still has a wonderful charm to it? Well the studio that made planet coaster also made those games! And let me tell you this is 100% a step up above any other Tycoon game currently out right now. This is the true sequel to RCT III! #♥♥♥♥onami
,Recommended,493340,27017058,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Turian N7,"People out there recreating Hogwarts, Disneyland, and Mr. Bone's, yet I can barely make a functioning coaster.Thank god for the workshop."
,Recommended,493340,27024616,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Javious,One of the best games to let out your creative side in.
,Recommended,493340,27025490,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nOaNoA,Time consumingly awesome! Truely an amazing game and very well made.
,Recommended,493340,27029790,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Canadian_Dragon,"If your a fan of Rollercoaster Tycoon 1-3, you wont regret getting this one."
,Recommended,493340,27038961,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Coldback,"this is the game for you if you want costomisation, a good rollercoaster builder, nice graphics and many more things that rctw doesent do. JUST BY THE GAME NOW"
76561198108268747,Recommended,493340,27040869,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BainCat™,"Great Game, Lots of custimization options and you can built what ever you like."
76561198000134935,Recommended,493340,27045277,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rick C-137,Creative freedom like no other coaster sim has ever come close to. Smoth and polished. 9/10
76561198051067092,Recommended,493340,27048946,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wizsky,The best death machine simulator ever!
76561198009734482,Recommended,493340,27054758,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Toomblercazz,"Very good game! One thing, it would be nice if you could import your sandbox maps into challenge mode (eg. if you have designed some really cool terrain). Maybe this is possible and I cannot find how. In any case, I was not dissapointed with this game and I am continually impressed with the comprehensive menus and options, diverse range of objects and above all the stunning level of detail."
,Recommended,493340,27058934,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,blackbobbt,"Careful. Once you start this game, you'll suddenly be busy creating crazy rides and wondering why your Shop isn't looking like you want it to. There is a big emphasis on letting out your creative side while the mangement aspekt clearly comes in second place.Also very addicting and time consuming.Also.. that sound track is definately going to stick around in your head!"
,Recommended,493340,27107276,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,honelith,"As a sandbox game, it's great. The management side which many have said, is pretty weak and too easy, this should have been a priority feature and instead it feels tacked on, which is a shame and I hope they improve it! Visually the game is great and the sound effects are top notch, even down to the the rubber dino suit of your entertainer squeaking as he walks when you zoom all the way in, the the soundtrack is really good too. As a base game, it's pretty solid, but it needs more flat rides to flesh out your park, especially if you don't want to fill your park with rollercoasters, I hope they add in more content soon because what we have leaves us wanting more! Good job though Frontier for giving as a brilliant theme park sandbox game, but if you're wanting to sink your teeth into a good management theme park game, stick with OpenRCT2 or Parkitect."
,Recommended,493340,27107293,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zominator,One of the best simulation/management game out there! Buy this if you like Cities Skylines and was a big fan of the old Rollercoaster Tycoon games.
76561198007854160,Recommended,493340,27200376,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CoRe Killerbrandt,This game is worth every penny!! It sucks you right into the game play!!!
,Recommended,493340,27201282,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,UncomfySofa,This game deserves more monies
,Recommended,493340,27225568,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dystortion,"Planet Coaster is by far one of the most powerful amusement park designers in existence. With a wide variety of coasters to build and customize there is plenty to create. Though, with near infinite possibilities you can easily find yourself lost in simply making the coolest looking park entrance for hours on end.With the only limit being your imagination, it's immensely fun creating the park of your dreams, and I would absolutely recommend this game. Do no fall for the other game currently on the market, this is the one you want to play.The only areas I'd like to see improved is that the management section of the game seems light and the list of avaialable rides that aren't rollercoasters is a tad on the short side compared to frontier's previous games. However, that's nothing an expansion down the line can't remedy."
,Recommended,493340,27226288,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,joKo,Super great game. Lots of costumisation available. Plenty of rollercoasters to build. Great graphics. The career does however seem quite easy so far.
76561198025071240,Recommended,493340,27236983,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deja Drew,The game is remarkably entertaining and creative. Its relaxing and the music makes you happy inside.  Its got a nice mix of left and right brain activities.
,Recommended,493340,27247049,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Targaryen,What an amazing game but there are some performance issues
76561198132906320,Recommended,493340,27249272,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Studejour,"This game is fun as fudge my friends.  Took me a while to get into the 3D aspect as the last coaster simulator game I played was RCT 1, so the controlls were tough at first.  But I kept at it and now it's lots of fun!The customization you can make on your own is incredible, and the work already done by the Steam Workshop community is insane, entire park sections can be done for you and all you need to do is connect a road.Great launch of a game and I'm excited for all the updates and patches that are likely to come adding more rides, materials, and scenery to an otherwise great game"
,Recommended,493340,27250532,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr Thirsty15,"Just a fantastic game! Focuses a little more on the creativity side than the tycoon side, but they definitely captured the spirit of RCT!"
76561197988389641,Recommended,493340,27287734,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Giblets,Great game. There's something really fun and relaxing about theme/amusement park sims. The rollercoaster customization is very streamline and impressive.
,Recommended,493340,27288944,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Adrian,It is a good game! But that burger guy in the beginning should have his own horror game.
76561198028837705,Recommended,493340,27321290,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Supertuned,5/5 would coast planets.
76561198020360529,Recommended,493340,27343873,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Old Gregg,"Best Coaster Game EverGood Bits- Game is super quality of life, building is easy and amazingly customizable.- Regular new free updates with new rides.- Just wow.Suggested Improvements- Sliders for starting mode money rather than set, I would quite like to start with lots of money but then have a hard time ongoing. Otherwise you start off without being able to do any real decoration.- More depth to the campaign scenarios, blasted through them very quickly.- Advance move on entire buildings.Really love this game, no complaints."
,Recommended,493340,27344225,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Squeeky,This Game is awesome....The music the lights the sounds just feel like a real themeparkonce u start u can through hours into this game and not even noticeWith steamworkshop mkae it even better as u can share that fantasic roller coaser u made or the awsome secenary that u made to make the guest happeier10/10
,Recommended,493340,27344717,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,✘ Sir Epic Antz ✘,Best Game Ever. 1 Trillion out of 10.
76561198002112835,Recommended,493340,27363297,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zergor,Fun game. Needs a little better coaster editor as the current one is a bit cumbersome.
,Recommended,493340,27363352,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Envious Scrotum,The peak of Roller Coaster games. What everyone has dreamed of since RCT 3
,Recommended,493340,27417935,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Leaky Brain,"If you liked Roller Coaster Tycoon, you will probably like this. This is GREAT!"
76561198024059016,Recommended,493340,27419702,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,crzyCRG,10/10 for this one! I'm really enjoying the creative freedom.A couple of things I would like to see: some more generic scenery... sometimes I don't want a themed light for example... second is the ability to add paths to a building blueprint.Other than that I can't really fault anything yet.Do yourselves a favour... buy it and lose yourself in one of the most lively world's I've had the pleasure of playing a game in!
,Recommended,493340,27430010,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mac,"Best sim game I have played since Roller Coaster Tycoon 2, so much customize it hurts your brain with idea and possiblities. Can't stop playing it or thinking about what I want to do next even when I should be working.."
76561197970971463,Recommended,493340,27433029,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,namtaru,"great game,  if you liked RCT# then you should have a  blast playing this."
76561198285810465,Recommended,493340,27433557,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SailorDeath,"I played for a bit tonight to see how the game was and I think Im gonna really love it! All the time I spent on the Tycoon games prepared me for this day! This game is so good, its what you wanted back then and didnt even know it."
,Recommended,493340,27434237,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Charlie,"As someone who grew up with games like this on the PS2, I can highly recommend"
76561198087410969,Recommended,493340,27614194,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Josh,"I've playued 15.7 hours and I'm yet to build a ride, so mnay building pieces, so much room for activities! 10/10"
,Recommended,493340,27619951,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Reid,"You can stay up all night making one tiny part of your park perfect, and it'll be worth it. Just try not to fall asleep at work the next day.The only negative is that it's not really challenging. Once you become profitable it's just easy money. Ride breakdowns, unhappy staff, etc, need to have greater consequences."
,Recommended,493340,27620612,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Perempt,very fair price for a fun game with user generated contents
76561197986494321,Recommended,493340,27642420,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DeNzy,"Just awesome. Brings back memories of the first Roller Coaster Tycoon game on PS1.Expect this is so much better visually and mechanically. Sounds are pretty decent. The best thing - Community MODS! Installing blueprints with a single click of a button on steam - and BAM! New rides, scenes, etc.Highly recommend for tycoon fans."
,Recommended,493340,27645489,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lexxio [Ger],"It's just awesome, even tho I haven't played it much yet, I fell in love with it. The atmosphere is great and every visitor seems unique and special. I better don't talk about the soundtrack, because it is just f*cking awesome. Haven't played a game like this in a while."
76561198030626067,Recommended,493340,27679812,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Driver3006,"Created your own coaster ""check""Made it look nice with a little scenery ""check""Look at clock and realize that you just put 4 hours on the coaster station ""check""But for all seriousness, if you like park building, with an almost limitelles amount of possibilities then this is the game to get.10/10"
76561198071800045,Recommended,493340,27706564,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,himynameisaustin,"planet coaster is a great game, be as creative as you want to be with everything. great sound track and very relaxing. The career Mode isn't too hard, but it allows you to get better at the game progressively. I'd like to see more career challanges in the future. The mechanics of the game aren't too hard or challaging, mostly balancing prices to where ever it makes people happy, making sure shops are in the right locations, and making your park look good. But i'd still give it a 10/10."
76561198050263807,Recommended,493340,27706665,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rob,"Spent 3 hours making an Information Booth to discover there are much better creations on the Workshop.My advice: Don't want to spend ages making your own thing, download and support other's work."
,Recommended,493340,27727221,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lil Bits,easily worth the money. just buy it.
,Recommended,493340,27730493,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BackseatMilitia,"Planet Coaster is a wonderful game! Only problem I've had is the leveling system, I couldn't figure out how to get to the new zones. But other than that it is a wonderful game that is truly addictive, new generation Roller Coaster Tycoon for sure! Bravo! Worth a buy!"
76561197966076413,Recommended,493340,27741019,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,.RoaRk.,"Haven't played a rollercoaster/theme park sim since one of the original RCT's and this is by far the most fun I've had with them. Could use some optimization, but the Workshop integration makes up for this ten-fold. First major update addresses many of the original issues with difficulty, so I'm looking forward to sinking even more hours into this."
,Recommended,493340,27741893,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,✪FromTheSkyDown,people arnt scared when they go down 2 loops but got forbid it goes fast around a wide corner
,Recommended,493340,27743833,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,targrus,"Everything you could want in a sim game, in an utterly adorable and awe inspiring package."
76561198051418717,Recommended,493340,27743907,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,giganoob44,brings out the creativity in you
,Recommended,493340,27745077,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,im new,"Pretty good. Addictive and reminiscent of roller coaster tycoon. Lots of flexibility and customization, but ultimately a one-track game. As soon as you make enough profit each month, money no longer becomes a concern, and the game turns into sandbox mode no matter what scenario or difficulty you started on. It would be nice to have more challenges."
76561198035478659,Recommended,493340,27746605,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Snotcat,I've never spent so much time actually making a simulated theme park look pretty vs. crashing coasters into people.
,Recommended,493340,27748877,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SearcherForGamers,I'ts a very good game. If you love Theme Park games this is a must get!
,Recommended,493340,27751822,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mlj21299,This game is wonderful. It's honestly the only game I have bought full price and have not regretted. Worth every penny.
76561198272382991,Recommended,493340,27767250,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kermit,"Hey all you RollerCoaster Tycoon players, come check out this new Coaster Game.  Better graphics, cool ""twists"" and ""turns"", easily make coasters, pathes, buildings, ect.  You'll be happy you tried this one.  If you like this game, come be my freind, we'll have a ""smashing"" time."
,Recommended,493340,27774607,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,snapshot,"You can read the other reviews, I like the game I just want to gokarts."
76561198155788330,Recommended,493340,27858703,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PresFrankUnderwood,The Spiritual successor to RCT3. Well worth the money and very enjoyable.
,Recommended,493340,27880918,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,citizenerased,"I loved the Roller Coaster Tycoon games. This is perfect, so much fun."
76561198046515209,Recommended,493340,27880927,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Niddler,"If you grew up or spent an x ​​number of hours with RollerCoaster Tycoon 1 & 2 and liked it, here is plane coaster. The only limit here is your imagination. You can do whatever you want. The tools to build with is amazing. Simple and good and everything from the graphics to the mechanics are good. I recommend this game 10/10"
76561198083327857,Recommended,493340,27882922,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DarkBird,"This game is absolutely brilliant, I am really glad that I waited for it instead of buying 'Rollercoaster Tycoon World'. I was not expecting great graphics, purely detailed, challenging -(Good to see that staff can quit their jobs) and the coaster builder is just brilliant. One thing I do not like is the path finder, just to fiddly to use. Overall I am very pleased I waited and got this game now, and WELL worth the price. Highly recommend.STOP READING AND GET THE GAME........"
,Recommended,493340,27887319,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,-Stahl Meister-,I made my guest vomit so much that it made my staff quit!G8 game I r8 8/8
,Recommended,493340,27897334,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Neurojazz,"So chilled, So creative, So freaking pretty... lots of lovely little touches, and not too deep to get frustrated with."
,Recommended,493340,27897672,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Just_Saiyan,"Always loved the Theme Park World game back when I was a Kid, and always love to see a well done Theme Park Simulator game. Heard about Planet Coaster when it was it Beta, and now it's released OMGG!! :DD This is such an enjoyable game to spend my free time on, and with future updates and even more community workshop mods this game is going to just get even better."
,Recommended,493340,27899669,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NattyFreq,Love this game. Hopefully more addons will be coming with updates. Feel like it should have more content. But still a good game.  Would also love to be able to stroll through the park and my rides with my VR headset. Hopefully an update is coming soon !
76561198047866993,Recommended,493340,27905122,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bork,Great game I loved riding the roller coasters :D
76561198057662139,Recommended,493340,27910140,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rayme 20,I was looking forward to RCT World for such a long time and never got it because of all the bad reviews right out of the gate... I'm glad I held out for this game. This game takes me back to the days of the original RCT where I would start playing and look at the clock and all of the sudden its 5 hours later. It's so easy to get consumed by the game. The amount of options to customize nearly everything in the game is just amazing. Plus the ability to download things from Steam workshop and instantly put them in your park is great. I can't praise the game enough... there isn't anything bad enough worth mentioning. It will only get better as updates keep coming.
,Recommended,493340,27910269,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Glitch (219Gaming.com),"I absolutely LOVE this game! Sandbox mode is my favorite..It isn't perfect but the Frontier team is on it for sure!  Best purchase I have made this year.  Speaking of which, if 2016 has one shining moment, it would be the release date for Planet Coaster!!   Awesome!"
76561198069470650,Recommended,493340,27915000,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SCP-888,"It is really a good game that it's so absorbed. But the disadvantage is the lack of equipment. Holp for rhe better update:) (Most importantly, our chinese people need the luaguage of China.)"
,Recommended,493340,27924593,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wevvin,Best game EVER! This spiritual sequal to Rollercoaster Tycoon is the theme park sim game everyone has been wishing for!
,Recommended,493340,27936356,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vanix,"Planet Coaster is a phenomenal addition to the RCT family. Although it's less-cool cousin Roller Coaster Tycoon World took the name, Planet Coaster was designed by the original developers behind RCT. What does this mean?Pros:Beautiful Scenery and AmbienceNostalgic theme park managementIncredible precision with path/coaster constructionTon's of data and new ways to manage theme parkEasily able to save blueprints of buildingsRelaxing and creative gameplayCons:Props/scenery are limited to 5 themes. Not enough generic props.Prebuilt stalls are too big. Customizing your own stalls is time consuming.Unable to scale props (yet)Bear in mind that I have only played for a few hours on Challenge mode (medium difficulty). This means I have to manage my money before i can build new rides/stalls or hire/train new workers.A lot of people prefer sandbox mode where money is not a looming threat and you can creative crazy rides.Overall, Planet Coaster has a few problems with theme variety and prop-related building, but otherwise is an incredibly polished game. If you fell in love with RCT2or3 before, then buy this game immediately!"
,Recommended,493340,27947281,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Skeptik,Totally enjoying this! The rollercoaster tycoon game as it should have been! The customization level is exceptional... Good job Frontier Development!10/10
,Recommended,493340,27953146,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Slike,So great. 5/5 20/20 40/40 100/100
,Recommended,493340,27955046,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DiCHWer,A great game for all the family!
76561198012681788,Recommended,493340,27966598,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,yubn9ne,"I never played any theme park sims before so i was a little skeptical but this game is a LOT of fun and really addicting.I love the steam workshop support because there are people FAR more creative than i am and i can use their stuff!Very fun, highly recommend it."
,Recommended,493340,27967307,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bigdgamerz,Fun and addicting
76561198088848195,Recommended,493340,27983892,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,crushcastles23,"This game is horrible. It just sucks the time out of your life and ♥♥♥♥♥ you out on the other end. I played it for like 15 hours straight the other day without realizing it. My legs were asleep, my♥♥♥♥♥was numb, and I hadn't gone to the bathroom the whole time.Run away from this game before it's too late."
,Recommended,493340,27995220,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TwistedRanger,Great game!!I have spent hours creating coasters and then detailing parks.  It's addictive!!
,Recommended,493340,28003462,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[GLP] AcerX.Jr,I love this game... This game is a must buy if you're a fan of the RCT games. And i love the workshop because i'm total crap in building my own stuff.
,Recommended,493340,28005045,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DirtyDirt,made a coaster hit 100 mph and fly into a crowd of people eating...10/10
76561198079752216,Recommended,493340,28008976,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fungus Amungus,Fun game. Would play again. 8/10
76561198044227315,Recommended,493340,28010792,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,david14.hall,FUN
,Recommended,493340,28013477,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,H.D. Lovecraft,Who knew you could spend 10 hours building a burger stand?
,Recommended,493340,28013557,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DoofMaster4000,"This game is amazing. I spent an hour building a food court, crafted a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mountain, made a pokemone ride and enjoyed every minute of it. The possibilities are endless"
,Recommended,493340,28023123,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,IamSparticles,"If you played and enjoyed any of the old Roller Coaster Tycoon games, then do yourself a favor and get your hands on this spiritual successor. They captured a lot of what made those games fun, and dragged it all into a modern engine with features that make it a lot easier and a lot more fun. The terrain sculpting tools, alone, add an amazing amount of creative possibilities. I will say that there is a slight lack of content in the game at release. Don't get me wrong, there's enough to keep you occupied for many hours, but it would be nice to have a few more scenery themes to work with, for example. But I'm not even slightly worried abou this. Frontier has a history of updating their games with lots more content. I look forward to spending a lot of time with Planet Coaster."
76561198031247955,Recommended,493340,28037892,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,The Final Slice,"As a huge fan of Rollercoaster Tycoon, 1-3, I highly recomend this game to all who have an intrest in theme park building. It is made by Frontier, the same people who made Rollercoaster Tycoon 3, and it lives up to and beyond all expectations! I can feel my childhood comming back, and I am already seeing all the potentional this game keeps offering and living up to. :)"
,Recommended,493340,28037968,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,garko93,awesome game!
76561198043245285,Recommended,493340,28038931,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,gw2250,"SO! You want to kill zombies well I got bad news. NOT here. You can however build a theme park, What more do you need?"
76561197987153183,Recommended,493340,28048137,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rysq,"Planet Coaster itself is simple in playing it. Its beautifully animated but running the park in terms of finances etc. is fairly simplistic. This can be good or bad depending on your tastes.You can meet the needs of guests/hire staff/ and adjust operating costs. There are only a few theme'd maps at the moment, but I'm sure more will come, and the workshop community is doing amazing work broadening that out as well.You can go on the rides and utilize many different camera's to ride along. Most will find the graphics and animations very good and fluid.The real fun here is creating making assets/maps/parks with the existing tools the community is adding amazing content to this game. A relaxing play experience and lots creativity, great animations and graphics."
,Recommended,493340,28069981,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,AngryGamer432,"Makes me feel like a kid, again."
,Recommended,493340,28075398,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MrWeeknie,Sadly enough i do not have enough time to play :(
76561198285377807,Recommended,493340,28081782,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,orshelach220101orsh,It's great!
,Recommended,493340,28092443,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,TronixxDK,"Its a very fantastic game, it have everything.A nice feature to add would be multiplayer somehow, that would be awesome.hope you'll add it in the furture :)"
,Recommended,493340,28092838,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,oukokugame,"Best rollercoaster game ever. Nice graphic, nice lighting. Best game to challange your creativity."
,Recommended,493340,28094168,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,w1zard,"This could be the greatest roller coaster game that has and will ever be created. Once you get a hang of the controls and how the game actually works it starts getting VERY fun VERY fast. The amount of customization you can do and the things you can build are flat out amazing (just look at the workshop content). I hope they continue to update this game, the DLC would be worth it."
,Recommended,493340,28113685,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,CosmicFiasco,"Love it, live it.Everything you really wanted from RCT3, but without the rides :Pjk, there are some, but not a lot...That, luckily, isn't the point of the game. The prevailing theme of this game has the player focusing on scenery and twisty (crazy) coasters; instead of kiddy rides (like the quarter machine rockets at chuck'e'cheese).This game is a really good value, and I highly recommend it if you like making things pretty/ designing rollercoasters. :)"
,Recommended,493340,28127680,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,FlippyPlays,"The best rollercoaster tycoon out there, is this one!"
76561198121073211,Recommended,493340,28148660,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,CluffleBot,"Now I never EVER write reviews. In fact this is my first one. I just had to write something about this game.This game, wow, it is everything that RCTW should have been, it is the perfect progression from the RCT series, and it just does it better. I'm so happy Frontier gave us a good look at exactly what they can do if they are given more freedom with a game.Admittedly I have only spent a couple of hours playing, but I can already see exactly what this game is, and that is the single most impressive theme park simulation to date.The park management side is great, each of your visitors is very believeable and we have lost that hideous generic screaming, be in on a 100mph rollercoaster, or the tea cups. Every ride is ridable and it really does give you a great feeling of realism. (I really hope support for VR comes out in the future, this game will be unstoppable)As for the rollercoaster creation, it is a little tricky to get your head around at first, it is more like No-Limits than previous RCT games you may have played, but this is a good thing! The possibilities are endless, and unlike the old RCT games - with the bumpy track and the sharp gradients - you can make an absolutely realistic rollercoaster. It is amazing.Now, you'd think the highlight of the game for me would be the rollercoasters, rides or the management side. Actually no, by far and away the best part is the scenery editor. It is so easy to use, and you can have some absolutely amazing results. It really is breathtaking.Graphically the game is amazing, the lighting is gorgeous and the different camera angles really get you right in the action.Overall this game is a must buy for anyone who is into theme-park simulation / rollercoaster creation.Great Job Frontier! I just hope there will be a Planet Coaster 2!"
,Recommended,493340,28167495,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Beniffy,"The simple fact you can play Flight of the Valkyries, for the theme music of the most intense ride, The merry-go-round.Immediatley sells this game.As well as the amszing levels of coaster/ride building"
,Recommended,493340,28172163,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,The-Star,Best roller coster i ever played spent 5 hour to  build a little pirate house  theme for my train
,Recommended,493340,28174287,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Bennoth,"Extremely fun and addicting theme park sim. Anyone whos played the classic Roller Coaster Tycoon games will feel right at home on this. Its a very resource intensive game though so be wary if your playing on a low spec pc (you will need a very good pc to handle this game, but its definately worth it)"
76561197965591528,Recommended,493340,28174601,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Freddy,"Runs great, good frame rate for the mass of content on screen, big parks, correct physics. lots of peeps, and realy realy cool coasters. oh yeah, the best scenery editor too, its a welcome back from you know what. must buy! everyone!!"
76561198062271641,Recommended,493340,28193506,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Fehan,More fun then i thought it would be !
,Recommended,493340,28235492,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,No Mercy,"Simply a great game. If you liked any of the Rollercoaster Tycoon games, this game will satisfy all of your cravings and encapsulate you in its own unique and immersive experience. Its easy to lose track of time when playing this game, just one more coaster, just one more addition to the park. I will create a more in-depth and well thought out review but I definitely recommend you get the game if you are even remotely interested, you won't regret it."
76561198072363399,Recommended,493340,28255174,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,sneaky_slayer,I have been waiting for a proper coaster tycoon game for awhile. This one certainly satifies! I chose this over Roller Coaster Tycoon World as the reviews seemed to tilt this way. I'm not disapointed. Prepare to lose a lot of time on the smallest details of the park :)
76561197964786379,Recommended,493340,28278774,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Coff,"Frontier definitely revived a dead genre. The customization is absolutely fantastic. And if you are not patient enough to build your own stuff, you can easily add new blueprints other people made. And I absolutely love the ability to use your own music wherever in the park. There is only one issue and that's the CPU usage. It doesn't matter how powerful of a build you have, FPS takes a dip to the mid teens and low 20s. Once this issue is fixed it will be perfect."
,Recommended,493340,28286340,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,TideAthletics,"Planet Coaster is a redemption for RCT World.  As of now it lacks variety of flat rides and rollercoasters, but it is still fun and beautiful.  I hope Planet Coaster adds more rides and coasters soon, as well as different functions in coasters like backward lift hill, different cars, multi functional launches, actual RMC cars, etc..."
,Recommended,493340,28298895,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Weedburner,"I can keep this Short....Frontier Development,the original Creators of Roller Coaster Tycoon 3,have made a Game which is as good as RCT3 but adds everything you ever dreamed off playing RCT3...Its a 100% must buy for everyone who liked Rollercoaster Tycoon 3...."
76561198016006290,Recommended,493340,28299634,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Vv0LF3,"Its like Rollar Coaster Tycoon but more in depth with the decisions and settings for everything, not just rides, staff & vendors. Worth the price.Graphics are 9.5/10 (sunlight glitches every now and then)"
76561197972176372,Recommended,493340,28324948,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Chromer,Haven't been this excited for an amusement park game since Theme Park World came out 86 years ago! Awww yiiiiis!
,Recommended,493340,28326401,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Panzer,"I have played pretty much every theme park sim since RCT 1 first came out (except RCT World) and Planet Coaster is, hands down, the best entry in this genre, ever. Of course it's not perfect, but it is better than RCT3 and anything else, a detailed and lovingly designed game that will give you tons of value for your money if you are at all into theme-park sims. Put simply, if you don't love this game you just don't like the genre, if you like the genre you will love this game.Having said that, yes, the management side is a bit light but it is perfectly ok for the genre. Theme park sims was never about cut-throat difficulty, it's about creativity and chilling out. The challenge mode offers a good pusback and sensible challenges without completely throttling your creativity.The developer has been perfect during the entire development process. They have listen to the community and provided transparency. We gamers tend to be hard on bad devs (and rightly so) but we should also reward devs that behave well and Frontier deserves to be praised for how they handled this game. Planet Coaster is a detailed and generously competent game that can only get better from here.Don't listen to the cry-babies who whine that management is not difficult enough or whatever. Most of them have barely played the game and some simply don't like this genre and was looking for something else. There is NOTHING seriously wrong here and the dev has proven that they listen to the community so it will only get better, on top of that there is modding. This is a future classic.Planet Coaster is the best game ever released in the theme park sim genre. Period."
,Recommended,493340,28349154,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Pan Of Power,this game is awesome but only thing i would think needs to be improved is the performance when you have a lot of things in a map it starts to get slower and slower. thats the only thing wrong with other than that this game is awesome xD
,Recommended,493340,28362710,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,*WWK* BinqDesign,ahhhh i want to go to a theme park now!!!!!
76561198347105149,Recommended,493340,28381697,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Cyborg,"Awesome graphic! Let you create the theme park you always dreamed. Tho, park and camera system can be improved. Other then that, if you love to create and express your creativity, you should totally get it :D"
,Recommended,493340,28389356,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Morimoto Shintaro™,"Well, if you guys were fans of the old Roller Coaster Tycoon series, you will definitely love this game.Basically I have nothing to complain about the game. The construction mechanism, the a.i, the graphics, almost everything is perfect. Not much downside for me besides the number of maps. :p I played all the sandboxes and almost all the ""campaign"" and I feel like I want more~~ Hehehe~~"
,Recommended,493340,28391524,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Daniel.Drache,Great game
76561198076026281,Recommended,493340,28392071,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Daigonix,"I'm glad I bought this game, it is magnificent. The developers took something old and reinvented it, instead of turning it into a pile of garbage. These people deserve all of the money they are getting, and I feel guilty because I think I bought this on sale. These guys are making me feel guilty because they put a very large amount of effort into creating this masterpiece. I would totally recommend this game to my friends if it were their cup of tea; This game deserves all the praise it's receiving.What I don't like (and don't know if it was updated yet because I just downloaded the update) is that when the last person getting off the ride goes through the black bars to the exit, the queue to get on waits until everyone is literally off of the ride, even past the black bars.I think that's it, otherwise everything else is a dream come true...I would gladly throw my money at literally ANY expansion pack that you would come out with. Thank you."
76561197968810837,Recommended,493340,28435412,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Reese's Penises,"The devs actually listen to suggestions and will implement updates and fixes.  That is a huge plus for me.  Game is great as well :D  It's more like the Cities Skylines of theme park games, which is great because I sunk tons of hours into that game and plan to on this game."
,Recommended,493340,28472055,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,MC Indigestion,Planet Coaster is simply a magnificent game a true successor to roller coaster tycoon 3 developed by the same developers Frontier although this time with out atari publishing the game hence the game's titleI've been playing the beta since it was made available in november 2016 its a terrific game made by a terrific company after a few hours of launched me and many other players suffered issues this was promptly sorted with two updates pushed out the same night with continuing improvements and features added throughout the weekSandbox ModeI mainly use sandbox mode to create my parks this is a great way for people who know exactly what they want as they have unlimited funds to build the craziest theme parks known to man it is also a great way to test the game and push its boundaries whether thats mastering the build and coaster controls or creating death coasters which send crowds soaring for miles like a huge set of bowling pins it really is the best way for the creative mind to play the gameI haven't looked to greatly in to the other modes but if your the more planning kinda of builder a do recommend the challenge mode this is a great mode as you have a small amount of money to build your park in doing this you have to plan every plant path shop or ride to ensure you don't go bankruptAnd if you are to lazy or simply don't feel like building a park i recommend the career mode this comes with prebuilt parks where you will be given set tasks to achieve each park you can choose a easy to hard task mode which you complete in three stagesAll in all this is a great game for any creative or planning mind and i highly recommend it if you play any sort of simulation game whether it be the rct series parkitect cites skylines or even minecraftI Wish frontier well in the future post release development and i am very excited at the possibility of coming dlc and updates which will be filled to the brim with accurate rides and hundreds of goodies
,Recommended,493340,28493324,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,astrosoup,A ton of fun. Good creative outlet. Very well done.
,Recommended,493340,28497369,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,dbthundercat,If you love rollercoasters there's literally nothing better out there. The level of detail you can achieve within this game is superb!!
76561198169285845,Recommended,493340,28517547,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,alexander.leamon,best game
76561198013372156,Recommended,493340,28520321,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,julian_child,"This is a really good game. I've been playing RCT3 with my kids for a while but this is better in every way. It still takes time to learn the keyboard short cuts etc. but the results are spectacular and you are actually encouraged to use the scenery to make your rides and parks look amazing. Excellent game, highly recommended"
,Recommended,493340,28557080,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Silverwing,"This is a fantasic game and is really worth playing. It feels great to finally get back into the world of theme parks. Although this is already a really well designed and supported game there are still a lot of small features from the old game series which are still missing, but the developers are always updating and slowly but surely they will add in all our favourites back into the game."
,Recommended,493340,28608994,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,suboofa,Not as ai expected when I watch some people play it. Fun at the start but got boring in story mode and Unlimited money.
,Recommended,493340,28615986,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LePanderp,I really enjoy the customization options of the game. The workshop is full of wonderful creations and it's easy to create and submit your own. :D I'd recommend this to everyone!
76561198034432813,Recommended,493340,28623510,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Chameleon Man,"Amazing next installment in the theme park series (and a long one coming at that). They've really outdone themselves with the amount of features that allow you to build to your hearts content. If you're thinking about getting it, just do it!"
76561198044399985,Recommended,493340,28641032,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Overwatch D.VA,This is a must buy game. It is a fun and your allowed to customize the park to your likes on a deep detail. It is a mix of business simulator and theme park.
,Recommended,493340,28642413,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Astolfo,Really good game !
,Recommended,493340,28661227,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MarioDragon,"Path of Exile is what Diablo 3 should have beenCities Skylines is what SimCity should have beenPlanet Coaster is what all modern Rollercoaster Tycoon games should beThis game knows how to be fun, and I am blown away it's from the same guys that made the rather empty Elite: Dangerous. It's true that this game desperately relies on Steam Workshop to fill in your rides and coasters and other downloads, and fill it in it does, but that's not enough for me to dislike this game in any way. The career mode is great, some achievements are unlockable in sandbox mode, and the challenge mode is for anyone who wants to run a park with money gains and losses. There's a lot of micromanaging that can be done, and your parks can get really deep. Before you know it you'll be spending more time on scenery than the rides, or figuring out the balance of worker's wages (you can also fire them and hire a new guy whenever they get angry).I've seen a few reviews mention the UI, and I don't know what they were complaining about. There's about a 5 minute learning curve when it comes to learning the menus, but if you've played Cities Skylines or a Rollercoaster Tycoon in previous years, you'll know how to navigate them pretty quickly.By the time you're into this game you realize it was made for fun and is a ton of fun, something so many games seem to forget these days. Get this game."
76561198217087969,Recommended,493340,28685678,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Hawkeye Pierce,"Were you too poor to go on vacation as a child?Do you suffer from crippling Depression?Are you too short, or too fat to ride the roller coasters?If you answered yes to any of these questions, this game is for you! Waste your days away constructing the park of your dreams, follwed by you crying yourself to sleep as you rethink you life descisions in an existential crisis that will end you up in the psych ward.Fun for the whole family!"
,Recommended,493340,28802902,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DieEhftiem,This game is enjoyable. but it needs an easier manuverability mechanic. Other than that it is a good coaster sim.
,Recommended,493340,28816820,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Lobster,"Good game overall,Works wellGood GraphicsCool CoastersBEWARETrying to make good paths in this game will drive you insane. The snap system sucks and making any sort of path through the park will drive you mad."
,Recommended,493340,28817464,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pretzel Dee,Lot's of fun making coasters and testing them out to get them just right!  Love this game!!!!
,Recommended,493340,28831731,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Emperor Lrrr (◣◢)┌∩┐,"Very nice graphics, looks like it has all the features from RT2 which I think was the best rollercoaster sim."
76561198017693074,Recommended,493340,28920480,Posted: 1 January,all,RUXX,"I don't write many reviews,but felt I had to on this game. This is simply the best game I have played in years. I agree with other reviews that it is limited in as much as your shops sell the same stuff which is a bit annoying. But the experience is overall fab. I mean you can (in sandbox) put something anywhere,test it ride it and coupled with the simsesque people I just cant say enough on how much I'm enjoying it."
76561198246034874,Recommended,493340,28925116,Posted: 1 January,all,sam,Planet Coaster is a Game Like Cities Skylines but not building a town but building a theme park. Planet Coaster is recommended in my opinion because 1. Its fun 2. Nice deatails 3. Nice FPS on borderless mode 4. Loads So Fast 3x as fast as cities skylines (cities skylines Loads Very slowly) 5. I can make rides all by HAND!!
76561198096099957,Recommended,493340,28959029,Posted: 2 January,all,Fractik,probably the best theme park builder you can buy right now.
76561198068725551,Recommended,493340,28972846,Posted: 3 January,all,Mashing,"Frontier Development drops another sleeper hit on Steam! In my opinion, Elite: Dangerous is the most polished game I’ve ever bought on Steam, and it’s a beautiful game too. Once I saw that Frontier had a theme park simulator, I already knew what to expect (a fully funded, fleshed out product) and Planet Coaster doesn’t disappoint.If you’re interested in Planet Coaster, most likely you’ve played the old Roller Coaster Tycoon games by Chris Sawyer. Roller Coaster Tycoon 2 is by far one of my favorite games of all time and it set the bar for the genre. Although RCT2 is simplistic at face value, its clever game design seemed to have surpassed the abilities of game developers ever since. For me, the genre lived and died with RCT2, and everything else was just a cheaply made imitation. However, the most promising effort did come from Frontier when they developed RCT3, Roller Coaster Tycoon’s first foray into 3D gaming. The reviews seemed to be mixed all around, but for me, ultimately if it didn’t beat RCT2 across the board than it wasn’t worth buying.Today, you’ve got two great options for theme park simulators. Parkitect is the other option, and I consider it to be a direct graphical update of the original RCT2 games with a 3D interface. Like RCT, Parkitect is simple and smartly designed. I can only really fault it by being too cartoony and it’s an indie game. It doesn’t have a big corporation backing it; therefore the experience is buggy and will often change from patch to patch. Sometimes certain things will be implemented very poorly and it certainly doesn’t have the polished feel of a fully funded title. Eventually, the bugs and changes became too great to overlook and I had to stop playing. That was about 6 months ago, so I’m not sure if the experience has changed, but let me tell ya… Planet Coaster offers zero reason for me to look back.AT FIRST I was completely unimpressed with Planet Coaster’s game design. There is a learning curve here. Unlike Parkitect, you can’t go from RCT2 directly into Planet Coaster – both games feature dramatically different game designs. The key to PC is you’ve got to take a minute and spend some time watching tutorials about how to build things before you can appreciate everything PC has to offer. One you’ve taken the key and turned it, you will unlock an entirely different experience that’s truly unlimited and addicting.Once you learn all the different tools, PC does become that prophetic theme park simulator that brings balance to the genre. Not only does it surpass the bar RCT2 set, it took that bar and beat the living day lights out of all the cheap imitators that came before it."
,Recommended,493340,28974035,Posted: 3 January,all,BurnZZ,"This game's like Peach Lipton Iced Tea, almost as good as Mango but is let down by some small things, however still great"
,Recommended,493340,28981151,Posted: 3 January,all,LagZzWolf,"This game is brilliant, if you like building/creating. Pick it if especially if it is on a deal"
,Recommended,493340,28995619,Posted: 3 January,all,DJ DEAD WOLF,"Hello!Just wanted to say that I'm new to this community and I already love playing this game, I've been playing for about a mouth now along-side other games. And I just can't get enough of this, personally I think this is a great game to play if your the type of person that likes to expeirment with say for example buildings, parks, layout of things and so forth. If your like someone who's just looking for a game todo that sort of thing with I say go for it! You can really have a lot of fun with this game, I've hours just messing around with small things for example what shop I'm going to have what my buildings will look like or what kind of crazy shape of a rollercoster I wanna make and what sort of theme I wanna do! I recommend the game to anyone who's looking to get creative and just expeirment with your theme park. Have fun!"
,Recommended,493340,29002843,Posted: 4 January,all,PEEJ,"If you're an fan of Theme Park & RCT, look no further. This has truly brought back memories and already created new lasting ones.An endless creation with one obstacle... your own imagination! Graphically its fantastic for the type of game. Pure joy to play. I would strongly recommend this to anyone! If you're new to this kind of game, this is a great way to start!Well done Frontier, keep those updates coming!"
,Recommended,493340,29012472,Posted: 4 January,all,Superkai64,"I love this game, the only problem is the way you move around. Why mouse? and not WASD and SPACE... Fix please. Its seriously impossible to move around"
76561198166421526,Recommended,493340,29017973,Posted: 4 January,all,Lethal_Frequency,"If you like having the freedom and creative input on building the theme park of your dreams, then this is the game for you."
76561197988787464,Recommended,493340,29020642,Posted: 4 January,all,Hematic,"There's not a lot of 'game' here as the management side is mostly trivial and the ride prestige / age system is completely unfun. Having said that, the hours of entertainment from messing around and building things is worth the price of entry."
,Recommended,493340,29023519,Posted: 4 January,all,Miles Dingus,"This game is so great, just get it!"
76561198029382468,Recommended,493340,29048504,Posted: 5 January,all,Good-Stuff-Maynard,Good GAME!!!!!! 10/10 Fire
76561198179948165,Recommended,493340,29074133,Posted: 6 January,all,Natedogg,Very fun game to play. Not only is it fun but it is time-consuming. Which in some cases can be a good or bad thing. I really enjoyed it because you can either have fun building a beautiful park or have fun by making an extremely functional park. I LOVE the sandbox mode and all the workshop downloads! Really this game has a great community and I would still recommend buying it if it was double the price it is right now :D
76561198109478299,Recommended,493340,29099916,Posted: 7 January,all,WII Sports Resort,"Planet Coaster is a great game, with an amazing soundtrack that exceeds that of any simulator soundtrack I've heard before.The game's postive reputation proceeds it, making it an esay reccomendation."
76561198307977263,Recommended,493340,29117058,Posted: 8 January,all,jakeftp,REALLY GOOD CAN CRASH BUT I DONT HAVE THE BEST PC I RECOMEND IT TO MANY OF PEOPLE
76561198051024746,Recommended,493340,29118078,Posted: 8 January,all,Deadreckoning,"I have always been an avid fan of the Roller Coaster Tycoon games and played them for many years. When RCT World came out, I watched the reviews and numerous game play videos. To me, it appeared to be a repackaged RCT 3, but I found Planet Coaster and decided to give it a go because of my long time love affair with theme park simulation games.Graphics - There is a lot of detail in the graphics. Even at an extremely zoomed in viewpoint the graphics appear smooth and seamless. I was truly impressed by this factor.Customization - There is an absolute plathora of items you can use to customize your theme park. Scenary, landscaping, buildings, ride queues. Just so many available customization options. There are predesigned shops of course, but the player is encouraged to put their imagination to the test and make the park their own one of a kind. The boundaries are limitless. The more elaborate the scenary the more the guests are willing to dish out for their virtual enjoyment! :)Rides - As for the coasters I have only built 2 and liked the tools available to you so you can tell in real time the nausea levels, fear levels, excitement levels of customers as well as the speed and g-forces while you are building. Amazing! The tweaking to your own coaster designs are endless with all the tools allowing you such freedoms as your own curve degrees, coaster heights, banking, track length and so much more. The flat rides are extremely detailed and you have a lot of customizations options there as well such changing the color, the railing, and the movements of the rides.Sandbox mode is a tool I found useful for building scenary. I could save my creations as blueprints that I was then able to apply to my career mode as well as to my challenge. I was able to change things that way without the loss of money for buying and then ""returning sold item"" at a discount from what I had paid if I changed my mind.Steam Workshop also was awesome in the fact that you could share your blueprints with other players who could download and apply them to their own parks. You can also search and download other players' creations to apply in your game. It was fun and awesome to see how other people had imagined and created rides, buildings, scenary that went far beyond my own. It was easy to do and made things even more fun and interesting than just having it all on my own.All this being said, there were a few negative aspects I found with the game.Performance - There is a frame rate drop when I am playing a super large park and I have it set on the fastest speed in the game. ( Graphics set on the Highest ) This is not too big a negative for me since this was the only performance issue I had.Control keys - They are not very clear on how and when to use this. It took me a while to learn and to become familiar with the how to's of the key controls for working the scenary and the camera and such. Also, I had to learn on my own because I did not find anything that actually told, but not all key commands work in all parts of the game. It was a trial and error type of thing for me here.My last 2 grievances are just things I would like to see added on to the game at some point. I think more park themes need to be added ever so often. To the best of my knowledge at this time, besides the just basic standard theme, there appear to be only 3 major themes - Western, Sci-Fi, & Pirate. Also, I would like to see more flat-rides for park ride options.Outside of these, I enjoyed this game tremendously. Glad I got it. And I absolutely would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of theme park games or simulation type games. Worth it's cost to me!I am runningWindows 10 ProMemory 32GB RAMi7 - 3770k CPU @ 3.50GHzGeForce GTX 1070 Founders Edition 8GB GDDR5Factory clockedPC built in 2012 with the only upgrades being a video card."
76561198331533835,Recommended,493340,29129294,Posted: 8 January,all,gailbaby2003,"Planet Coaster is the best tycoon game EVER. You aren't attached to a grid, and you can place things where you want. Bascially, your park is unique. The graphics are stunning. You can build your own coasters and them in 3 different view points. I was contemplating whether or not to buy this at first or if I should just stick to the Roller Coaster Tycoon series. It's so worth it."
,Recommended,493340,29133107,Posted: 8 January,all,Dean Martin,it gud
,Recommended,493340,29133624,Posted: 8 January,all,ThatOneLucasGuy,"As a guy that's played all 3 Roller Coaster Tycoon games, I absolutely love this game. The customization is pretty great, basically whatever idea you have you can make it a reality. The editing tools are a little gettting used to but once you get that down it's just great. Only gripe is that some of the scenarios are a little easy to get the objective. A little challenge would be nice!"
76561198028179961,Recommended,493340,29139056,Posted: 9 January,all,Tasos0079,"I've had this game for two days now and all I can say is that it's intoxicating! Forget about the management aspects, the ability to design your own thrill rides and then actually ride on them is just plainly FANTASTIC! You can very easily forget all notions of time as you try to iron out every little detail and make your ride the best ever! I just wish it was a little bit easier to create station buildings, but other than that, the game is recommended!"
76561198019028730,Recommended,493340,29152455,Posted: 9 January,all,Fidelacchius,"Overall i'd deff recommend. Its a great game and its not 60 bucks. If you liked the original or build/sim/management games you will love it.Dislikes:-High CPU usage.  I have a I7-4770k and it starts getting laggy around 7000 guest in park. :/  all 8 cores being maxed out shortly after that-Challenge mode not very challenging.  More annoying then anything.  Even on ""Hardest""  setting its not very hard  after you play for a few hours on medium and get the swing of things.You have to rebuild your coasters every few minutes on ""hard"" and ""hardest"" or they get ""aged"" and people stop riding them.  Kinda a stupid mechanic imo... :/-I stubbed my toe yesterday and it still hurts"
76561197982671440,Recommended,493340,29153802,Posted: 9 January,all,djfrido,"Fantastic theme park game. The scenarios present some challenge and most are fun. There is a lot of amazing stuff on the steam workshop. The worst part about the game is when you start a new park, the terrain is all flat, but you can find some starter landscapes on the workshop. I do wish it had a randomly generated terrain option though. Very small complaint in comparison to what all the game does well"
,Recommended,493340,29154744,Posted: 9 January,all,OfficialAcadie,"Every fantasty you've ever had for creating theme parks is now realised. No longer are you making amusement parks with a ton of rides and little scenery. Scenery is your deciding factor now as to the shape your park takes. It allows you to create anything you can come up with and pushes you to be more creative than you realized you would have to be. Absolutely stunning. I cannot wait for greater diversity in flat rides, themes, and decorations. (Adding current parks themes [Pirate, fairytale, ect.] would allow to create entire 'Pirate' themed parks and allow for more rounded decoration placement.11/10 I have no clue how any game could top this in the future."
76561198050672467,Recommended,493340,29155029,Posted: 9 January,all,chrisfarrell3,This Game Has One Crippling Flaw It makes the rct3 look outdated! but other then that I whould say it's pretty good.
76561198352488930,Recommended,493340,29188815,Posted: 11 January,all,Dylangamer,it is not working on my pc. I say that  this is a great game but why steam are you not allowing me to play it???!!!!
,Recommended,493340,29841199,Posted: 10 February,all,小天使日和,rollercoaster tycoon 4 : planet
76561198337988580,Recommended,493340,29884559,Posted: 12 February,all,kpruskowski,I like the rides in this game
,Recommended,493340,29904397,Posted: 13 February,all,M9,Best Theme park game ever.
,Recommended,493340,29917195,Posted: 14 February,all,XZ0T1K,"I love this game to bits it allows me to build a theme park of my dreams and allow's me to create new awesome rides on the spot. althought i'll tell you that the building aspect of it maybe hard at first but if you take notes from tutorials from silvarett or others you'll get used to it and YOU can make amazing creations and Recreations. This game could use a bit more variety when it comes to rides just like RCT3. And I hope they give us the ability to build a coaster and change the cars depending on its style. That would be awesome. This is the game for you if you want to relieve some stress, and also because you like theme parks. Im REALLY Happy Frontier made this game"
,Recommended,493340,29981003,Posted: 17 February,all,Colonel Enrikay,"If you enjoyed the classic roller coaster tycoon series, then you'll probably enjoy this game.The creation possibilities are numerous, and you are given plenty of building blocks to create with.The coaster creator is also relatively simple and easy to get the hang of with some time.The game isn't perfect though, sometimes the camera acts funny and it can get annoying.There aren't many other issues with the game other than that.Overall, I'd give it a 9/10 if you like sandbox games."
76561198271929203,Recommended,493340,30154505,Posted: 24 February,all,Hardline [Driver] awesomeju07,"BEST GAME EVER!it has every thing your looking for in a coaster tycoon! even play all kinds of things and create anything you  want,share it,download,and everything else :) :) :)"
76561198113070985,Recommended,493340,30159394,Posted: 24 February,all,asalva001,"Excellent game, love the graphics and the role playing of the people in the game. Need more rides and other shops and places to eat. So far, very good game."
76561198167897814,Recommended,493340,30369458,Posted: 7 March,all,Jace,"I know that writing this now I'm only at 57 hours played, but I have to write a recommendation for this game. In short, it's incredible. There's so many elements and factors to the game. If you're a lover of the Roller Coaster Tycoon series (particularly 2 or 3) then you'll absolutely love this game. There's a management aspect for those like that and an entire realm of coaster building available to you. I said in the beginning that if you think RCT had a lot of potential when it came to coaster building, then Planet Coaster magnifies that by 100. Scenery is important in this game and you have a lot of options: rocks, trees, bushes and a lot more. You could build anything your heart desires. Another factor you have to consider is the fact that this game is supported in the Workshop with at least 97,000 items and growing. I run the game on a laptop; probably not the best laptop out there either, and while I am running it on miminal settings, it runs and runs fluidly. If you have a better computer (which you probably do), then I'm sure you can hike up the settings and experienec the enormous detail the game gives to everything from the leaves on the trees to the detail on buildings and coasters. When I saw this game on a couple Youtube Series', I had to get it. I recommend that you do the same, then you'll fall in love with it like I have. I hope this has been helpful."
76561198129802402,Recommended,493340,30399928,Posted: 8 March,all,WafflesMan,"I really love this game, all of its elements, experiences, and amazing interactions with the game.But, there is only one problem though, I wanted this game ever since it was announced. And my computer is super beefy, so I thought I wouldnt have difficulty to play it. Only to install it and find out that oh, it only runs at 20 fps.I know that its the game having ridiculous requirements because I can run battlefield 1 at 120 fps in ultra, but can run planet coaster at 20 fps in low. this is a major dissapointment and hope that they can resolve this issue."
76561198291683091,Recommended,493340,30517736,Posted: 14 March,all,FlapJacks,GreAT gAME dEFINETLY WORTH PLAYING
,Recommended,493340,30518536,Posted: 14 March,all,WalterDisney,Currently the best coaster/park sim available (in my opinion). Nothing comes close to what this game has to offer. The dev team did an amazing job!
76561198084995930,Recommended,493340,30545915,Posted: 16 March,all,Jack,Great management game with a lot of content being consistantly added.
,Recommended,493340,30675835,Posted: 22 March,all,Lokificent,"I'm not that bad at building roller coasters, this game is just super unrealistic. The people in my park always think my coasters are too ""scary"" and they always get nauseaus. It's not my fault those peasants don't know that a roller coaster is SUPPOSED to break all of your limbs and leave you a crying mess.Fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs....I do guess the graphics and the soundtrack is nice, though.PS: For your honest review, a solid 9/10, one point taken only because building a roller coaster is amazing but can get tedious. Graphics are stunning, soundtrack is amazing, building a park feels great."
,Recommended,493340,30685255,Posted: 23 March,all,Tyvole [#nolife][VERMINTIDE,"When you grow up on roller coaster tycoon, you gotta buy this one."
76561198156600922,Recommended,493340,30816488,Posted: 29 March,all,MotiG,Please make an option to create mods rides and more like RCT3 please !
,Recommended,493340,30832425,Posted: 30 March,all,GOOOOBER,"Great game, very fun. There is a learning curve, but it is very easy to learn. This game needs a mouse for playing on the go."
,Recommended,493340,30842442,Posted: 30 March,all,GreatGame456,Have you got a life?And too much free time?Get.This.Game.Not only will you lose your life.You'll lose all your free time too quickly.Oh. My. God. Quite easily the most addicting things is just to kEEP BUILDING I CAN'T STOP.GET IT.NOW.
76561198153013890,Recommended,493340,30859010,Posted: 31 March,all,Sid3rZ,Really good game! So much things you can build and ride.
,Recommended,493340,30917669,Posted: 3 April,all,JesusDiedLOL,Really good. If you liked RC tycoon you will love this!
76561198327764989,Recommended,493340,30934005,Posted: 3 April,all,Kholdstare52,Unequivocally the best amusement park sim since RCT2
76561198116794435,Recommended,493340,31084027,Posted: 11 April,all,The Plague,"When I play Planet Coaster, I lose all feeling in my♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,493340,31125029,Posted: 13 April,all,amd133mhz,"The Great- Runs great. Looks great. Sounds great. Plays great. Addicting. Visually stunning in 1440p. So darn smooth. Just a well opitimized game that feels great to scroll around and play. The ride cams are great. There are so many features and things to do. Hands down one of the best in its class.The Neutral- Some of the money management items and certain aspects of the AI need looked at and improved. Peeps and employees ,IMO, can act strange. They can behave in ways that really does not make sense. However, the devs are involved and continue updating the game all the time. They seem to care that the game functions well. That is not very common.The Bad- There isn't anything ""bad"" but just a few minor things like the default bathrooms are wonky, paths don't like them and are hard to connect.Some of the shops are cool but the AI behind peeps visiting them or how much they spend etc. seems wonky.  Emplyees also quit if a shop never gets business and it takes a lot of weird trial and error to figure out why some shops succeed and others fail. The priority pass feature seems useless 9 times out of 10 as well.The coaster editor takes some time to get used to. Same goes for the building editor. Its not bad just...wonky.  They spent an awful lot of time devloping CAD-like software for builiding editors and coaster editors it seems, but the 2 hardley seem to work well together on the map. It takes a lot of work to design one around the other. It is not as easy as I would think it should be for a game marketed to regular, non CAD engineer type folks. RCT3 I feel had a much easier coaster editor, but Planet Coaster has the more advanced building editor.I wish they would have a front gate connected to a road like in Theme Park where guests could be seen getting dropped off by a shuttle bus. It would add a sense of realism. Instead, you are in the literal middle of nowhere (much like RCT3) and you have people showing up from a portal inside a tunnel from another universe, maybe C-137?I do NOT like the lack of campaigns. RCT3 had a bunch of them and this game has so few. Sandbox mode is my favorite, but I like to play like the money counts too.I wish they would add transports besides the log ride. A monorail would be great. If I'm missing something here, comment below but it never shows up as an option.I will say that this is as good as RCT3 and better in a lot of ways. That pos RCTW is such a steaming pile of garbage, I was so happy when Frontier stepped up and showed Atari why you should treat your dev teams well.This game is worth $30-$35 IMO. It needs some work but is a top notch game as is.Graphics- 5/5Sound- 5/5Music- 5/5Gameplay- 5/5Controls/AI/Misc.- 4/5Overall- 4.5/5BUY IT"
,Recommended,493340,26664735,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Crosy Tsui,"You see, this is exactly what you want for a tycoon game."
76561198007905021,Recommended,493340,26669368,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,MaG3Stican,YOU CAN DO ANYTHING! ANYTHING! FART LAUNCHING WATERFALLS!
,Recommended,493340,26669520,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Tibbe,"From the moment you launch the game, you'll get filled with goosebumps. You can definitely feel and see the love which has been put into making this game.Welcome back, Rollercoaster Tycoon. It's been a while."
76561197971339491,Recommended,493340,26669824,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,[A|iENN],Anyone who liked RCT3 will love this game. Absolutely gorgeous graphics & solid game play with very good UI. Been playing for few hours very impressed already.Can literally edit anything from terrain to shops/Lamps awesome.Still a long way to go to fully review this game. Love to see more water rides.Credit to the developers for the amazing job & listening to everyone requests to make the game best Rollercoaster Tycoon Ever. One of the best community as wellJust buy it will not regret it this will only get better with updates/new rides
,Recommended,493340,26675327,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,IndiJosh,"I didn't think I would love this game nearly as much as I do. Not that I expected the game to be bad, though. I loved playing Roller Coaster Tycoon back in the day, but I have honestly not been this impressed by a fully featured game in a long time.The visuals are amazing.The customization is amazing.The performace is amazing.The sound track is amazing.The UI is amazing.Everything about this game just feels right. Frontier has done a fantastic job with this.The ONLY thing I wasn't happy with was the size of the max size of the park. However, once I realized how much I can pack in there with their free form building tools, the size of the park seemed appropriate. It doesn't depend on a grid based building system like the RCT games did so you're able to get a lot more creative in much smaller spaces.I honestly can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,493340,26675401,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Bread,Decent Game
,Recommended,493340,26675536,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Kabosh7117,Better than RCTW
76561198148311050,Recommended,493340,26675568,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ROB-TWG,Very Nice game :D
76561197973588036,Recommended,493340,26675606,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Buster Baxter,"I loved the original two Roller Coaster Tycoons, and thought number 3 when♥♥♥♥♥♥went all 3D was decent, but it had lost something belonging to the original two. I think this recaptures that something. Best fun I've had on a rollercoaster game in decades."
76561198006697942,Recommended,493340,26675618,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Zelkia,"This game lets you create the theme park of your dreams, without breaking a sweat. My only criticism is that the mission objectives can be completed within an hour so you are never forced to really explore your parks potential. That being said, the focus is on fun and it absolutely is a great sandbox where you can spend hours making a simple toilet or minutes plonking down rollercoaster parts and everything inbetween."
,Recommended,493340,26693764,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,AWildElmo,It's goood
,Recommended,493340,26694010,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Keiran,"You know those games that once you start, you'll pluge thousands of hours into it?This is one of those games, a rare gem, a masterpiece.Get it, you won't regret it. It's everything RCTW should have been and even more."
76561198125629129,Recommended,493340,26696234,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Foochur,Just brilliant. Everyone who liked Rollecoaster Tycoon will love this.There is literally no limitation when building a coaster.The game seems to focus more on the sandbox aspect of building a park with coasters.Compared to RCT it misses some features and the campaign and tutorials could be better but i'm sure they (or modders) will add a lot of stuff later on.
76561198153747683,Recommended,493340,26696251,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ltalgate,As a massive fan of RCT 3 and 2 i was realy disapointed with roller coster tycoon world so i got this and it is brilliant10/10
76561198092675982,Recommended,493340,26696253,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Shouni,"I would actually reccommend this game. However, I do feel like there's a lot of opportunity for growth and new ideas when it comes to workers,entertainers, and vendors. The themes that come with the game are pretty cool and with the ability to build your own decor or ride broadens that horizon--but at times, this method can die out quickly.I'm hoping the developers can bring some new things to the table in the coming months/years as more customers provide thier feedback."
,Recommended,493340,26702138,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,s3bby,"Very fun game to sink hours of fun into. If you loved Roller Coaster Tycoon and a need to place each individual prop, light and do-dad perfectly and precisely then you'll love Planet Coaster. I would say that the only cons are that it's not quite worth the price tag and would definitely recommend if it goes on sale for -20% or more, also the controls are very clunky and the camera controls can be very difficult when attempting to get a customer-eyed-view. Other than that I would highly recommend this to anyone who has played a major tycoon game before."
76561198014206740,Recommended,493340,26702263,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Temerity,"Finally! A good Theme Park game! I've been waiting for a good theme park/roller coaster game to come out for years! They are almost always crap...but this one is great so far! I'm in the alpha, it has amazing controls and isnt just a roller coaster maker like so many other crappy games. It has what seems to be a good park management layer. Control the prices, Hire/Fire/Train your employees. Plenty of premade buildings and rides to place but you can make completely custom ones as well. Someone made a good theme park game!"
76561198057905601,Recommended,493340,26703699,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kayz,"If  you're a longtime RCT fan, make sure you buy this instead of the new RCTW.Truely amazing park and coaster sim, anything is possible, whatever you want to build.Performance is great aswell, even though recommended specs are quite high."
76561198045523318,Recommended,493340,26707872,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SuperPyroManiac,"Being a long time RCT fan (Since 1), I have loved the games. It got me into all sorts of Tycoon games, including things like Zoo Tycoon. When I heard about RCT World, I was so excited, the videos looked amazing, and the graphics were awesome! Then the beta.. It was terrible, but I put it off because it was just a beta, and hoped for the best, by then I heard a but about PC, but didn't mind it much. After RCT missed it's launch, I was upset. A few months later when there was the early access, I tried it and released there was no hope! Got a refund luckily even though I had a lot of time on it. (Maybe Steam staff knew the game was a ripoff?)2 weeks ago I started looking into planet coaster, I did not realize how much progress it had made in such a short time, so I used my money from RCTW to buy the thrillseeker of PC and still have 15 dollars extra! The PC beta was awesome, beta 1 had some glitchy graphics after about 1 hour of gameplay, fixed by reloading save. Beta 2 fixed it, but had lag issues. Beta 3 broke saves. Then the release came ands the lag was gone, graphics fixed, and saves worked again. As well as the game is amazing!!Cons:- Official tutorials are, iffy. ALTHOUGH, there are many 3rd party tutorials on YouTube who make this less of an issue.- Game starts to drop FPS after 40 or so minuted of gameplay, fixed by saving then loading the save.- Building controls sometimes are fustraiting, but lets be honost, the amount of control we get I expect there to be bugs, there are not any other games that allow this much of custimizeation. So this is not to bad.- It's too easy in the mid and late game, money no longer is an issue at all, and challenges are easy to overcome then.- Career is a bit stale. Although the challenge mode is similar to the classic RCT games, as it's just an empty park and you begin!- Biggest issue I have with this game is I do not have more time to play it more!(It's addictive, not sure if that's a con, but be aware, you can easily spend hours and not realize it.)Pros- Developers are GREAT. They fix issues fast, and keep the community involved.- Classic RCT feel, but with the 3D aspect. I would compare this to RCT 1 and 2, more than 3. 3 to me was not the greatest, but was still fun. This one just feels more classic, and is super fun.- Coaster builder is awesome, easy to use.- You can customize the flatrides sequences!!! Now that's awesome. Want a 10 minute long merry-go-round? You got it!- Pepes are smart about money, adds a bit of challenge, as well as they are all unique.- Graphics are great!- So much custimization, or lord. Look at the workshop, so much you can do!- Terrain editor is great.There are many more I can add, point is the game is great, and the only real issues are somewhat personal, as well as pretty minor.If you liked any of the classic RCT games, I would reccomend this, as many have said, this is to RCTW, as Citites skylines is to Sim City."
,Recommended,493340,26708191,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Owlbear,I absolutely love this game. I can let my creativity run wild!
76561198013665979,Recommended,493340,26711301,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Oblong6,"TL;DR, Game lacks a lot of content, staff management is horrific. game core is fine, just needs content. Close to not being recommended but if you ever ejoyed RCT you will enjoy this until the lack of content gets to you. In its current state its a 5/10 for me but it could easily be a 10/10 if they address the flaws i outline below.-----My first impressions of this game had been simple ""WOW"" both myself and my other half have been following the development of this game and the odd update and gameplay video on youtube for a while now but with the recent NMS pandemic and others we decided to wait until full release and the first initial flood of reviews.At the time of purchace it was 97% positive, so happily we both bought it and i will say, neither of us regret it after 12 hours of gameplay thus far. With that said, im decidedly less happy than she is and let me explain why;While the game looks great and does play great on both our high end machines. The game core is all present and accounted for. It plays as you would expect, it fells just like an RCT title however there are the severe and totally immersion breaking FPS drops while placing paths for instance in a larger park that often will take you to a fraction of fps (0.2 fps) until you leave the edit mode. I did find saving and restarting the game to resolve this and so far i cant seem to find anything that triggers this but it certainly does rear its head now and again. This in and of itself is nothing i've not encountered before, Aven Colony is pretty bad offender of this and not enough to warrant a bad review or refund.Staying on the ""Game looks great"" topic, it truly does, the guests are neat, a decent variation of looks and attitudes, although their behaviour seems quite familair when compared to those of RCT guests but that isnt an issue for me at all, just hoping to see""A Living World: Every park guest is an expressive individual who thinks, feels and explores your park with their own interests and desires"". Perhaps im expecting too much if the AI but, i was certainly expecting something ""Different"", not more. Back to the looks, I feel the appearance of this game is truly inspired, they have added on the legacy that the RCT franchise have left before them and added it with amazingly adaptable and useful scenery allowing to you create some real pieces of art work for your guests to enjoy, i suggest looking at some peoples creations on youtube as explaining how that works would be a feat, but needless to say, using the prebuild blueprints or layring the individual props together to create animated and ""living"" scenes is something very welcome in this game. That is the premis is welcome and they seem to have missed the boat, so to say. While the foundation is there for some masterpieces of ingenuity on the part of the players to be able to theme fantastically their parks, there is not much in the way of variation on the existing props. You seem to be repeting the same scene over and over again across your park (which by the way is fine for the guests, you are not even penalized for mixing themese which makes no sense to me). This is a real let down for me, more themes and more props is a must of the creative mind of this game like my other half, the fps things doesnt bother her but she's already exhausted the limit of her creativity with the tools at her disposal.Lets get to the most important bit, the coasters! There are around 8 or so pre built templates but the coaster creation tool is actually very good! I have zero complains about the way you construct these besides the lack of pre-build sections for you to add into your creations. Again a minor complaint about the lack of content on offer rather than the implementation of a good feature ingame. With so few pre-built coasters you will find yourself using the custom coaster build tool quite often and although its a breeze to create some cool coasters you will hit upon what i mean and just think ""Wish they had added a loop"" or something along the lines of that.Staying on the lack of content within a feature, lets say the rides of a feature and i've already hit upon the lack of prebuilt coastes but that is mitigated by the fact you can create your own with ease. The thrill and slow rides are to equal measure lacking. I have not counted but i have seen many reviews stating this ""fact"" . RCT3 - 96 Rides on release, Planet Coaster - 23. Now wether or not these figures are correct, or +/- a few you definatley know its on the rite track. There are just so few rides its almost shocking they overlooked this. Especially when compouding the lack of any real challenge to the game modes meaning you can unlock and build these rides pretty quickly meaning after a short while, you've nothing to do but manage your staff (that is a complete seperate issue i will get onto). I would like to see, and im sure they are woking on more rides. Its inescabale that this game needs more Rides.I touched on staff management but i will come back to that after i mention about the UI. Its very much as you would expect it to be, fells on the surface like any other tycoon game but it has soom deep flaws that could be easily fixed. For what you will initally think is the most part (placing rides, paths and scenery) your interactions with the UI will be inutitive and fluid but once you start no need to manage your staff, or even just hire a few more its flaws become as obvious as an open wound. Hiring staff fist of all is lacking, only 3 staff types, Mechanic, Janitor and Entertainer. I cant off the top of my head think what else they could add in but again, i think i just wanted more (silly me) but back to the hiring. You open the interface for park management, click hire staff and press the icon the the staff member you want to hire, simple ey, unless you want to hire more than one. You need to go through the whole process of openeing the management, hire staff, select the staff... which if you're hiring a bunch is no fun whatsoever. Once you've hired your staff and the first wave quit on you and you relaise they have job satisaction and you do need to ""manage"" them the second major flaw appears. You cannot mass manage, not even slightly. I had more than 70 vendors in my last park. Having to select EACH INDIVIDUAL one, click train, and adjust their wage took a huge amount of time just to do their first trianing. Knowing i need to do that for each staff type and knowing theirs 6 tiers of training (or is it 5, nonetheless this still holds true) you will spend a massive amount of time in this interface. Its simply soul destroying to spend 30 minutes scrolling through your staff, clicking each individual one, training and adjusting pay (which is a text box, so you cant just do this with your mouse, you need to engage your keyboard too just compunding the futility of it as no sooner are you done as you can train them again!!!)This UI flaw for me is bigger than any lack of rides, or lack of props or lack of challenge or lack of any palpable change besides the graphics and i do truly hope they address this as I'm sat here writing a review rather than playing because, as i went to play i remembered all my staff on my latest park needed training. Dont train them you may say but its not so simple, you'll see for yourself.So for me this is a close one, if the core didnt seem so good, and by that i mean it really fells as if you are playing a RCT game i wouldnt recommend this game as the lack of content is dissapointing but regardless of the fact i am and will still continue to have fun with this game. I truly hope they will add some more rides but not in the form of paid DLC as for £30 I would expect more than double whats in the game currently. Tweaking of the ""management"" UI so you can interact with staff there rather than targeting them and having the leborious task of doing the same for each member.so for me 5/10."
76561198004431735,Recommended,493340,26712368,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,feldor,"I love this game so far. I haven't played rollercoaster tycoon or any similar ones, but I wanted to try this and having no regrets buying it. I'm still quite new to this, but already having a lot of fun just by watching people go around and finding their places. The first person mode is cool, not sure if that was obvious to be here, but to me it gives some nice surprises how the little computer people (ah there was this game also... old one) move and what they see.As I am still only starting, I'm not sure if it changes, but one thing I don't like that much is that everybody seems happy all the time heh. Not that it is wrong, but there could be a drunken one here and there, or a bully. This is, afterall, a game, so some surprises could be just fine. Well, who knows maybe later in the game.The usual things which I like, are there, like wasd moving by default and zooming in out etc. works just fine. Love the day night cycle, though it happens pretty quickly, the change that is. Im probably not good admin on my park as people are waiting day and night to get somewhere... :) Some patient people must say. This is a very relaxing game at least to me, good music also. I can spend a lot of time by just watching the visitors.When a lot of things on screen, my system  i7 4790K @ 4.00GHz, 4095MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980, struggles a bit at high preset settings, but it can be because of my hdd having to work also, dunno.Anyway, as said, I love this game and highly recommended. Not sure, but I'm thinking, you can also be ""evil"" and make systems which leads the little people to their doom... ;)Cheers..."
,Recommended,493340,26885214,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kirbzz,Brings back memories of the old RollerCoaster Tycoon series. Extremely fun to build and customize your own park and one of the only games where I'd try to get as many objectives/achievements possible. Haven't had much time to play yet but I can tell it's one of those games I'd spend a weekend playing.
,Recommended,493340,26975879,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Enzemo,Absolutely incredible game.
76561198161761217,Recommended,493340,26978223,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,James,A true successor to RT3
,Recommended,493340,26981404,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,A Wizened Crone,"I've spent at least 3 hours over the last two nights placing spotlights for landscape features around a coaster so that it looks good and my imaginary theme park guests can enjoy the 5 hours of landscaping I did the two nights before that. Is this what it was like for people who were really into the Sims?I really think I could do this forever. It's chill, it's pretty, it allows for a tremendous amount of creativity. If you run into your own creative limits, there's a ton of user created buildings and scenery and coasters on the Workshop to get you past it.There's a management part in there for when you get tired of making your park look pretty and want to deal with budgets and deciding if you want to charge people money to use your toilets. It looks cool, but I've barely dipped my toe into that part of the game."
76561198067144549,Recommended,493340,26982259,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[40th] The Reaganator,"A game with huge potential, that, frankly, could just use some more content and options in the game for buildings and other various things. A huge step above RCT 3 in graphics, customizing, and feel to it. However, creating a super huge coaster that doesn't give everyone like 20 fear and 20 nauseau is sadly hard to do."
,Recommended,493340,26982481,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Relzo,"My computer kinda sucks for this game, but it's the most fun I ever had at 15-25 fps."
,Recommended,493340,26982491,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DJ Killian,"I loved the RCT series, but this just took over. One of the best roller coaster/park sims out there!10/10."
,Recommended,493340,26987731,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Karronz,This is Awesome
,Recommended,493340,26988661,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DARYL ダリル,"This is certainly a game for people who like to create their own theme park. As someone who played RCT3 in the past, I recommend this game for those that grew up with RCT3."
,Recommended,493340,26988677,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,That one person,"There are a few things I find a bit wonky in this game (the way paths form and how roller coasters are rated for example), but it is still a great experience. It is so nice to play what is essentially a reimagining of Roller Coaster Tycoon."
,Recommended,493340,26990050,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[OMGk] Laughing Man,One of the best Theme Park Management game ever created.
,Recommended,493340,26990561,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,runbmp,"If you loved the original RTC, then this is for you. Planet coaster essentially modernizes the franchise and brings up to date with an amazing terrain editor and 3d assets.It's short comings are generally in the amount of content available but with Steam's workshop enabled in game, you can download and share your custom designs easily.Get ready to sink hours into your masterpeices..."
76561198081584292,Recommended,493340,26990993,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BlunterSpy,"Great game!A few bugs with the UI showing negative Lifetime Profit, but nothing game breaking.I can waste hours just detailing my park.9.5/10"
76561198292327821,Recommended,493340,26991477,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dmstraton,"First review on Steam because this developed earned my respect.  Both me and my 10 year old love this game.  He finally stopped playing Minecraft.The detail in the models is incredible - I am playing in 4K and it's stunning.  The sound effects and music are perfect, the game has minimal issues on launch (a few camera problems), and the workshop already has some good stuff.  Customizing buildings could be a bit easier, but the you can already do it without major issues.  Unlike Cities:Skylines where management and challenge is pretty much downplayed to non-existent, there ""feels"" like their are more variables to play with in PC.We got Battlefield 1 the same day and have barely played it as a result of this impulse buy.  Fantastic game."
,Recommended,493340,26991983,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doctor Grue,"Six hours in and I haven't made a single ride. Customers pay to come in the gate, buy 25 dollar burgers with no toppings, and then leave. I use this money to make cool fountains. Next, I'll build a decontamination area that sprays guests entering the park down so that they don't get their grubby peasant dirt in my fountains. Buy it."
,Recommended,493340,26992397,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Daja,"I decided to create custom buildings for my part and I have spent at least 7 hours making a taco stand. If you like building/creating things I definitely recommend this video game.The object placement can be a bit wonky and I would love to have more freedom, for example being able to scale objects down/up."
,Recommended,493340,26994966,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bootjack,It's great to see what I loved about RCT3 back in action. This brings back so many memories as it adds better ones.Even my wife was interested in seeing how sick I could make the park guests.10 out of 10 would make people throw up again.
,Recommended,493340,27001494,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Qwolf,"A great sucessor to RCT3! The building system for coasters and scenery is a cut above all other and the level of detail in the simulation is stunning. Frontier has really outdone themselves with this one, taking in community feedback to make this game the best it could be. My one complaint is that they neglected the management aspect of the game a little bit, and I hope they go back and revise it to officially make this game, the best."
,Recommended,493340,27002874,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fūrinkazan,Chief!
76561198108824855,Recommended,493340,27003364,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,He,多年之后再次沉浸在过山车的世界，精美的画面，简洁的UI，优秀的优化，还有创意工坊海量的作品。最后……Chinese version please!
76561197989584351,Recommended,493340,27004588,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,aavonruecker1s,"once i cane figure out why my gfx 1070 keeps freezing, or whatever the heck is going on i will have a lot of hours in this game. i have played a little but this game will be great."
,Recommended,493340,27005533,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thugnasty Biggums,"I played rollercoaster tycoon 2 as a child and absolutely loved it. I can say, without a doubt, that this game has brought roller coaster centered amusement park simulators to the current generation beautifully. True, it gets a simplistic oncew you figure out the tricks to management, but seriously, how difficult and complex can managing an amusement park be? you can control where your staff go, you can train them, and you can change their pay. That seems pretty thorough. Seriously. what more could you need to do?Now I do understand how it still needs work, and the rides and attractions seem limited. This seems like a perfect opportunity for DLC, right? But regardless, you can spend an hour making a bathroom, the possibilities are endless, there are overlays for coasters that show you what points on the track have what fear,excitement,nausea rating. its amazing 99.864/10"
,Recommended,493340,27007301,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dan the Computer Man,The real sequal to RollarCoaster Tycoon.
76561198003463489,Recommended,493340,27009658,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GrizzleBox,Simply great! ... You don't know what you're missing..Nothing bad to say except it takes a bit to get the controls\cameras down.
,Recommended,493340,27009879,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Prohollands,Imagine cities skyline but with coasters! (not the table kind)
76561198066745304,Recommended,493340,27013537,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheCursedKing,I had seen a lot of Youtube videos of people playing the alpha for this game and thought it looked really fun. I've always been a fun of these types of games. I got it when it was available to play in the beta and it's been pretty fun and cool so far. A must have if you're into RCT-type games.
76561198077444978,Recommended,493340,27016348,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hunter,Good game! 9/10 would be 10/10 but i had a few crashes
76561198100514214,Recommended,493340,27016994,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Bear Jew,great game still getting to know the controls a bit
,Recommended,493340,27017660,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Woozu,Step1: Make a park and satisfy with your workStep2: Go on reddit and see other's workStep3: ♥♥♥♥ your workStep4: Make a park again10/10 would make again
76561198058629225,Recommended,493340,27018290,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,i hate this game,dope af
76561198069004090,Recommended,493340,27019028,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,pcspiderman,"""Come on man, i really need to sleep now""""You think it's detail enough?""""Ok fine 1 more hour"""
,Recommended,493340,27019381,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gaming Ninja24,"This game is so addicting to play! The level of detail is super crazy. So much to do and so little time. If you like the original Roller Coaster Tycoon series (and not the newest one), then this game is for you."
,Recommended,493340,27030228,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yoshman,"A game where you say to yourself, ""Let me just finish this rollercoaster design.""  Then you look up and realize you need to be at work in 3 hours."
,Recommended,493340,27031788,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,imNotloc,"This is my first roller coaster/sandbox game other than garry's mod, and I am blown away by how well made it is.Pros:-Smooth gameplay-Nice graphics-Very in depth-Limtless creations-Relaxing gameplay-Tons of replay valueCons:-Map could be a bit bigger-FPS sometimes drops once park starts getting larger and more filled"
,Recommended,493340,27035204,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hobblinharry,Most fun sim game I have played since probably Sims 2
76561198041555183,Recommended,493340,27038251,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Beep Sheep,"If there was ever a game this year that was deserving of a full $60 purchase, it would be this one."
76561198032838654,Recommended,493340,27041977,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NBAJAM,"Extremely aesthetically appealing, good design tools/mod support, varied terrain tools.Performance is worse in largers parks, but it's to be expected.overall a well made game"
,Recommended,493340,27042272,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hammer von Smashnrape,You can make a coaster that people literally die on. That alone makes it worth it.
,Recommended,493340,27043324,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OiBigEarz,fun! :D
,Recommended,493340,27046832,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Travoos,"Planet Coaster is a game designed by absolute geniuses. It's a masterpiece and the spiritual sequel to RollerCoaster Tycoon 3. I'm sure a lot of us have some kind of nostalgic value with that game. Planet Coaster exceeds RCT3 in many ways; most of all, it exceeds it in creativity! In Planet Coaster you can fully unleash your creative potential; you can accidentally make your park look worse than ever possible in RCT3 with free rotation and off-the-grid placement. Paths are included in this; you can now horrendously fail at making your paths look at all decent thanks to this!However, enough about creativity. Not everyone is a creative genius like me. What many people want are the CHALLENGES; Planet Coaster includes Challenge Mode which starts you off in an empty park, but you have to actually manage the park and make money! With Easy and Medium challenges, you can now ditch all creative potentional and just build a food court! Guests will always complain about your horribly managed rides and failed coaster attempts, but nobody can complain about food and drink. Create a profitable amusement park by partnering with food and drink businesses to create the best experience for your guests who come in and do nothing but complain!With the upcoming Harder challenge mode, I personally feel like an eSports scene is on its way to this game. eSports are a great thing for games to take advantage of in this growing age of eSports, and I feel like Frontier, the developers of Planet Coaster, should take advantage of this and add competitive mode to Planet Coaster, and also host tournaments. In the proposed competitive mode, players would face off and attempt to make great functional parks in the most difficult challenge mode. First one to $10,000 monthly profit wins. The winner would always be the one who can make things look good because even if you think you have superior management skills, creative people will always manage to make better parks than you somehow.Overall, Planet Coaster is a great game if you're uncreative and you want to fuel your feelings of inferiority to creative people. Would recommend for $44.99."
,Recommended,493340,27051166,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wolfox,this game is very well done and it is among some of the new coaster and theme park creating games but i think this one stands out because of its diverse rides and community creating different creations and theres so many different aspects like fixing rides and hiring new employees and many others
,Recommended,493340,27052232,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sands McGee,"If you like the RCT series, you will like this"
76561198083173761,Recommended,493340,27054390,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Goinsey,A must buy for anybody wanting to lose days/weeks without noticing.
,Recommended,493340,27056847,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MantisMaestro,Who doesn't enjoy launching coasters into sub-orbital flight during testing?
,Recommended,493340,27058348,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,<5oh>TheCaptSkyhawk,"As, if not more, addictive as RTC franchise.There are some wonky editor issues and a few bugs that need to be addressed, but over all very fun.8/10"
,Recommended,493340,27059098,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sid,pretty good
76561198051833522,Recommended,493340,27062286,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Oxenfree,"Probably the best tycoon game I've played in a long time. It's much better than Rollercoaster Tycoon: World, that's for sure."
76561198166374745,Recommended,493340,27062490,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Witcher,This is the Coaster Building game I have been waiting since my childhood and I couldn't be happier with it :)Thanks !!
,Recommended,493340,27065828,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪ Shane,"After being away for a long time, coming back to a RCT game feels great. Never been into the whole managing thing but this game feels great. Played it for 8 hours straight, quite addictive. 10/10 would recommend"
76561198002454188,Recommended,493340,27069242,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jack The Drunk,Striking
76561197991884428,Recommended,493340,27074622,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DaUglyHamstar,"Loving the Graphics and animations, the cheer level of detail!Designing your own Themepark is alot of fun and you are given the tools and freedom to create alot of cool stuff.Unfortuantkly the you are fighting alot against the camera and editing tools, its quite hard to get somethign like a light in the perfect angle in the perfect place for example.It could also use some more flat rides.It has a fun campaign mode and there is also a chalenge mode where your park has to withstand various bizare problems.i DO recomend this game but keep in mind it might need a bit of work content wise."
,Recommended,493340,27084863,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wallibi,The game Rollercoaster Tycoon players have waited a decade for! Thanks to the Frontier team it's finaly here.
,Recommended,493340,27086050,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Calm yourself,Greeeeat!
76561198054605242,Recommended,493340,27086055,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TADatatTAD,So glad the boys at frontier continued making the gold that forms the theme park simulator catagory.Ive barly played this game and im already seeing the great here that was in all the old games!Keep up the nastalga Frontier(and thanks for not realeasing this as an early access... we all know who im talking about) *COUGH. Actavision *COUGH
,Recommended,493340,27363279,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pizza Jesus,"Easily the best roller coaster tycoon successor on the market today. Customize literally anything--if the UI doesn't allow it, there will be a mod that does. My favorite part of the game is the ability to mold terrain in a meaningful way to accommodate beautiful and unique rollercoasters and theme park landscapes. My least favorite part of the game is the time sink of beautifying everything in order to satisfy park-goers."
76561198161691526,Recommended,493340,27364866,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MrOv3rkill MC,"This game is everything I could have hoped for as a successor to RCT3. I love the coaster builder, the terraforming tool are easy to work with, and you can create anything with the provided pieces. The game is beautiful, and even though the frame rate tanks on larger parks, it is understandable due to the sheer amount of polygons this game renders at once. I have only played the sandbox mode, and as soon as holiday festivties are over, I will be playing more. I have so many Ideas and this game allows for complete creative freedom. Insanely fun and well worth the price. I consider this game the ""Perfect RCT3"" and I'm a very satisfied customer."
,Recommended,493340,27365967,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pr0n,Great Game could be better about having prefab stuff and overall it's too easy bit it's definitely fun.
,Recommended,493340,27422834,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Damn Daniel,Wow
76561197983783127,Recommended,493340,27427176,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,{SF} ...Aerox...,"Makes roller coaster look awfulSo much detail on scenery, the rides look greatThe game is what roller coaster 4 should of beenIf you like theme park games this is the only one"
,Recommended,493340,27429504,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kokiwi,dis is good game.
76561198067119777,Recommended,493340,27431194,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Thedeadofnight,Yeah just get it
,Recommended,493340,27437491,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rapture,Everything I wanted the next Rollercoaster Tycoon to be.
,Recommended,493340,27441306,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kunde,The Cities Skylines version of Roller Coaster Tycoon 3
,Recommended,493340,27454637,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ThatGamerBloke,"The spiritual successor to Rollercoaster Tycoon. A vast sandbox of theme park building goodness; lots of control over landscaping and theming diffferent areas and creating your own weird and wonderful buildings.There is alot of depth here, and I've only scratched the surface. 2 hours in, and I've only built a pirate themed drinks stall. No rides, but at least people can stay hydrated."
,Recommended,493340,27456595,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Schnueres◢◤,"Nostalgia overflow, just as much fun as the older parts"
,Recommended,493340,27465273,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[UCF] Enduro,"This is the real spirtual successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon. Its the theme park game we have all wanted for years. I will be frank, it does have some pitfalls like pathing, AI getting stuck, clunky UI, and a few bugs but once you start to play and give it a chance you start learning about what makes it great. You can control everything in this and build it all piece by piece without getting frustrated by limitations such as collisions. It encourages you to think outside the box and use pieces in any way possible to achieve the look you want. Just look at the workshop or youtube and see some of the creations people have made without having to mod the game!Pros:- Endless customizability- Creation is limited to your mind not to what you can do.- Large selection of scenery pieces for themes available- More control over coaster building than ever beforeCons:- Path building- Some AI issues with customers- Campain/Challenge mode takes away heavily from the playability of the game.- Limited number of rides- Limited number of pre-build coasters- Limited maps & themesThe con list is longer than my pro list however the pro list is sooo much more important! The pro list is all gameplay and functionality, the list of cons is merely content/QoL that can be patched in later. If you are on the fence about this game wait for another Steam Sale however I feel you get your money's worth getting it now! Now back to spending 10 hours building my park entrance."
76561198056836165,Recommended,493340,27465816,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Elflako,Very fun
76561198271920950,Recommended,493340,27468906,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ItsNickLmao,"Amazing, Amazing, Amazing! I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game with all my heart.  At first I was pumped for RCTW and then realizing that it was a total ♥♥♥♥♥torm.  I thought there wouldn't be any other rollercoaster simulation games, but then I saw the trailer for this beauty, and my childhood was re-awoken. Thank you Frontier, thank you so much.(The true Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 Successor)"
,Recommended,493340,27473762,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DerelictJustice,"I don't know about the rest of you but when I start up a game I can usually tell within the first couple hours if it's going to be a game that I put a few more hours into, dozens of hours or hundreds. This is one of those games that I know for a fact that I'm going to put hundreds of hours into. It's the first sim tycoon game since Zoo Tycoon (the original) that has me thinking about it so much that I'm starting to dream about it. The level of detail in the construction, the liveliness of the patrons, and the overall feel of the gameplay and its presentation are all crafted with such quality that I can easily say this is my favorite tycoon game to date. I haven't even scratched the surface and I'm already excited for potential free or paid DLCs or expansions down the line. I want to give hundreds if not thousands of hours to this game.TL/DR: It's one of the best games this year. Close to one of the best if not THE best tycoon game ever. Buy it."
76561198047959722,Recommended,493340,27474686,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AdamBR0seph,"Wow, it's already been 5 hours? Well, better get started on my second ride."
76561198039894094,Recommended,493340,27476089,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Joebug,"What roller coaster tycoon world should have been. Graphics are beautiful, game actually runs well, and they actually have water rides. cant wait to see what they do for future updates for this game."
,Recommended,493340,27481731,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CookieOGee,"If its launching Roller coaster trains at unobservant customers, or if its actually building a functioning theme park, this game is for you."
,Recommended,493340,27491671,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,frogfkr,This game is by far the best roller coaster game possible right now. Customization EVERYWHERE.
,Recommended,493340,27494312,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Joost,Unbelievably addictive and a great joy to play. Constantly getting new content.
,Recommended,493340,27504576,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Marth,Everything Rollercoaster Tycoon World is not. Get this game its really good
,Recommended,493340,27506178,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,lozman,BEST GAME 2016
,Recommended,493340,27506373,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Thrills_,"If you always wished for an updated RCT with beautiful graphics, great gameplay, and endless building possibilities then this game is what you've been waiting for!"
,Recommended,493340,27517735,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DeciusMeridius,FUN! what RCT3 should have been.
76561198347216731,Recommended,493340,27571467,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Agent O J,The amount of customization in this game is crazy. The workshop only makes it better too. Havent bought a game off steam and spent 10+ hours in the first 24 online in a while. GJ
76561198006687354,Recommended,493340,27571486,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Baron Bacon Baps,9.5/10
,Recommended,493340,27581748,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tdrav11,Would not reccommend for people who lack creativity. If you want your park to look good you have to take your time. I love it
76561198039940348,Recommended,493340,27583244,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheArchaeologist,I am ten hours in and I still have yet to build a roller coaster. I think that may happen around hour 74. 10/10 Would decorate again.
,Recommended,493340,27588404,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nitroxygen Gaming,I might hvae only played this game for a little while but its for sure a really good game
,Recommended,493340,27589776,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,curtisepiks,"I've been waiting for a true follow up to RCT3 since it was released back in 2004.Now twelve years later, that game is a reality. Thanks Frontier for stepping in when Atari wouldn't."
76561198004020157,Recommended,493340,27590764,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,smitty240b,"A theme park building game that makes it fun to build a theme park, I enjoy the large amount of customization that this game allows for and its fun to watch the park people be amazed by bubbbles blowing at them while walking down the path that you just created."
76561198085146166,Recommended,493340,27591970,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Locwood,Fun
76561197965255835,Recommended,493340,27592322,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FireSopportUnit,"Good fun but the trains don't work so well.  You can build hours of tracks but in the end, people may not be riding your trains at all (Speed rail or Steam Train).  This is a huge bummer in the game."
76561197970881539,Recommended,493340,27594142,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Badakun,"Okay, I'm just gonna jump right into the meat of this... I don't know if that's a real saying, it looks and soudnds iffy at best, moving swiftly on.It's good, like, really, really, good.Don't get me wrong, it's not perfect, there are some framerate issues from time to time. You can't be a sadist and load cars up full of people then fire them off into space (though you can fire the cars into the people #SadismWorkAround) and the crowd control isn't fantastic, the people bunch up and create a human... Jam... Hmm... Soilent green anyone?The music is probably (weirdly) my favourite thing about the game... That seems pretty odd to say, but the score for this game is excellent. When I started playing this evening I was pretty tense but man, that music just melts all your troubles away, it's quite lovely.tl;drIs it worth your money?For £30 I'd say yes, however, with the stipulation that you liked RCT3 (Roller Coaster Tycoon 3).If you weren't a fan of RCT3, I'd recommend picking this game up still, play it for an hour or so, if it's not your thing, Steam's new refund service is great for trying out games for an hour or so, then you know weather or not to pick it up in the sale!8/10... cats/\_/\( o.o )> ^ <Tangential - divergent or digressive, as from a subject under consideration: tangential remarks."
76561198017622321,Recommended,493340,27594974,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,im junger,yes
76561198025609238,Recommended,493340,27597483,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Si,Recaptures and builds on all the member berries from the Rollercoaster Tycoon Franchise.
,Recommended,493340,27598252,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,{MK} Smoke,This is such a great throwback to RCT3. Everything about it is great and I look forward to what else it will bring.
,Recommended,493340,27602981,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Mantissa,I like this game so much that I'm gonna start writing Planet Coaster fan-fiction by spelling out all the words with roller coasters I built in the game.
,Recommended,493340,27603825,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bledking,"Very cool, thanks Frontier."
76561198202762838,Recommended,493340,27604239,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mihai-d,bether game compared with roller coaster world
,Recommended,493340,27606637,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[ZSU] Sweetwater,"This game is a well tested genre which takes you back to 1999. A refreshing game where you can create anything to get your creative jucies flowing. Fun, easy to learn and yet doesn't get tedious or boring given it has so much variety.A must buy for anyone who loved the late 90's early 00's Theme Park games!"
76561198000185285,Recommended,493340,27607450,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TeacherNL,very good game. Brings back the memories of Rtc 1 and 2 :) A job very well done!
76561198010365286,Recommended,493340,27614814,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Reco,♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Waiting for this for years!
,Recommended,493340,27631754,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sticky Bob <><,"This game offers so much customisation, everything I wanted when I played RCT as a lil Bob w/o a beard..."
76561198056047583,Recommended,493340,27654471,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jackalmarine,"for many years now i have been serching for a theme park game that will let me re-live my old plastation 1-2 theme park world days. i searched far and wide for a game that was simalar yet brought into the today.this game is what i was looking for. it is easy to use, very nice looking and most of all, has the best rollercoster custimisaition i have ever seen. if you, like me, are looking for such games, look no further."
76561198012881165,Recommended,493340,27654521,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ThyStoneOne,Very great theme park builder. I've enjoyed it too much I think lol. 19 hours so far and not getting boring yet. The graphics and the ways the paths bend allow you to make a pretty great looking park! So glad for this to have come out. Only thing that could use work is allowing you to make paths underground.
76561198006663827,Recommended,493340,27654594,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Paploo,"The game is great, it has an odd way of holding you in. You plop down a new ride and you think, ""I'll just make it look nice and call it a day."" Then half an hour has gone by with you planting trees and tweaking the grounds. It's a game one can sink hours into quickly. The only thing missing if the ability to launch riders to their doom from coasters."
,Recommended,493340,27661364,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Emperor Hands Esq,"In a nutshell, Planet Coaster is the true successor to roller coaster tycoon and well worthy of £30 asking price if you liked (or like me had their young life dominated by) the rtc series, theme park or like building games in general.Planet Coaster is to Roller Coaster Tycoon World as Cities Skylines is to Sim City(2013)"
76561198092046365,Recommended,493340,27662820,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Super Kami Guru,"Amazing Game! Best theme park simulator EVER, without a doubt. I love the creative freedom you have. If you can imagine it, you can build it. Though, I do recommend a good computer."
,Recommended,493340,27680805,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr Bump,Best coaster builder but still missing some key features from legacy RCT2 & 3.
,Recommended,493340,27690845,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dave,Planet Coaster > Rollercoaster Tycoon World
,Recommended,493340,27691815,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sushifish,"Incredible detail, endless creative possibilities. Many things I always wanted, but missed in previous coaster-sims, are included. The only thing I'm missing is an easy, non-terraforming way of making dark-rides, something I have always wanted, Hope Frontier wil hear our cries and add it in DLC or patch it in.Absolutely recommended for coasterheads and builders alike!"
76561198033799862,Recommended,493340,27696852,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kiltas,The sequal roller coaster tycoon should of made.
,Recommended,493340,27701916,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Duncan667,All I can say is...WORTH IT!!!!
,Recommended,493340,27706996,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Wirehed,"Thank the developers at Frontier for giving us the game we really, actually wanted. Planet Coaster does it right, if you were a big fan of the Roller Coaster Tycoon games then you're going to be very happy."
76561197999440615,Recommended,493340,27710257,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DaDangerDog,I love this game SO much! Its the Roller Coaster Tycoon that I always wanted... BUT..... It is crashing constantly. It makes me sad :(
76561198245365822,Recommended,493340,27716616,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tylerjmaho,Amazing however be aware its pretty demanding so if you dont have a beefy system you might want to wait a bit but its awesome buy it.
76561198054505850,Recommended,493340,27718691,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Soul,Just amazing. That game is pure gem. Can't wait to see how it will evolve over time.
76561198008352705,Recommended,493340,27720087,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,El Jammy Sammy S Dubs,If you ever played any of the original three Roller Coaster Tycoon games then this will be the game for you it has got everything you loved from the old classics but brings loads of new ideas and features that make this a great game with so much replayability and best of all it's made by the same people who made RCT 3!
76561198182489241,Recommended,493340,27723196,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,wired1221,Iv been playing this game for all of 10 hours and i have to say it may eat my life. at first glance the game seems in depth and fun little park builder. then i entered sandbox mode....  my mind was was blown as i nit pick every fine detail of my path only to realize iv gone all of 100 feet and dont even have a ride....   10/10 would wast the day building paths again
,Recommended,493340,27725029,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sinnapels™,Tis' nice
,Recommended,493340,27726426,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,404,You could put 1000 hours into this game without ever touching a rollercoaster. The building creation is just so good.
76561198332576661,Recommended,493340,27729711,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Litter_Tray,"My first Coaster game and wow, easy interface with eye candy graphics. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,493340,27730722,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cake Boi,This game reminds me of how bad I am at designing anything. Still a great game though.
,Recommended,493340,27749292,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RuckingFetard!,"Awesome game, flashback to the olden days!"
,Recommended,493340,27749530,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,cmhammo,"This game is what the RCT3 community has been waiting for, and Frontier exceeded our expectations for a fantastic sequel to a game that brought joy to so many people. Planet Coaster is worth every penny, and I can't wait to see what it's community will do with it."
,Recommended,493340,27749604,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr. Bellcaptain,"Planet Coaster is the next version of the theme park simulators of the past 2 decades. People who have fond memories of RollerCoaster Tycoon may find comfort and enjoyment in the vast creative possibilities in Planet Coaster, although the management simulation is a little barebones and lackluster. If you're looking to create theme parks from your dreams, this is the place to go. If you want more management and money simulation, look elsewhere for the time being."
76561198001394562,Recommended,493340,27751076,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Aznboy1der,"This game is a great spiritual successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon. This game looks great, has tons of personality, and is quite easy to start playing.  There is so much you can do, and it is easy to lose hours playing this game.  Highly recomended."
76561198015990090,Recommended,493340,27752557,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TTVPappasalt,"Normally I read negative comments to see what is wrong with the game, but this time I do not see what they are talking about.The primary negative comments are the lack of management, it currently has more management than RCT3, and the lack of content, currently have done 7hrs and have only completed 5 out of 12 of the campaigns.  And those 5 campaigns are the easy ones (getting the gold star in each).So I would say yes this is a great successor to RCT3 and is worth the purchase as I'm certain it is to fill at least 40+hrs on the campaign for $45 and that is just a guess it may take longer and that isn't counting the sandbox portion of the game."
76561198088323730,Recommended,493340,27757003,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,saud22010,Beautiful game
,Recommended,493340,27760555,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jimgoings,"First time I've stayed up until 3 am playing a game in many years!  I just lost track of time building roller coasters, fitting that park bench just so and fine tuning my budget.The level of graphic detail is amazing. I see some folks complaining about a lack of deep management, but it seems just right to me.  If you like minecraft, simcity, and similar building games, this game will should fit right in."
,Recommended,493340,27761684,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Princess BB,"The only limit to the game is your imagination. Build up in the sky or under the ground; carve canyons and rivers, then add bridges and castles! You can make your own shops or scenic buildings and post them to the workshop for others to use as well. If you love creating new things and sharing with others... this game is for you."
,Recommended,493340,27762741,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Marington,"Please for the love of all that is holy buy this instead of Rollercoaster Tycoon World. This is the true successor to RCT3, made by the same developers under a different name. Not to mention it's beautiful, fun, relaxing and challenging. It may not be as fleshed out as RCT3, and may have a few bugs and optimisation problems. But the devs are working tirelessly to make this the best game it can be. So even if you don't think this is the best rollercoaster game out there, it will be soon."
,Recommended,493340,27762783,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Duragono,"A good theme park building game. UI is basic, but clean. Pathing and terraforming can be a bit finnicky at times, but it works well most of the time."
,Recommended,493340,27764293,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JDevsFan,"Black hole that sucks the time out of your watch, and that is a good thing.  Brilliant!!"
76561198030787152,Recommended,493340,27769246,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheTravisimo,Never have I been so happy spending multiple hours building one single ride. Love this game!
,Recommended,493340,27773327,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Warm Up,Brings me back to the days of Rollercoaster Tycoon
76561198059103956,Recommended,493340,27773553,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cuzion,"I have been in the search of a good building game for a long time. Which features building single houses into a nice environment. I like to be able to change the terrain aswell as build a nice little neighboorhood..So i am telling you if you like to play with the terrain and build small places with lots of detail, this is the game for you.You have many different types of styles you can build in and/or you can mix them together, its up to you :))I only have about an hour played and i've nearly finished my park entrance, this game has lots of details.I am playing in sandbox mode just to be able to make this park look really good. In this game you can :) xDI have been to lots of parks around the world and this game has a whole portion of it. If you like to build and have an attention for details this is the game for you.At least for me, im gonna spend lots of hours building my park in the future."
76561197997114254,Recommended,493340,27776954,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gand Alf,"I'm not sure why people say there isn't enough to manage within the park. I think it goes into pretty decent detail (employee wages, food extras, etc.). I'll admit it would be nice to have a single screen to edit all products sold in the park. But, this is far from a fatal flaw. I've only played for 2 hours, all in challenges, and I know I'll be spending many more on this. God help me when I step into the sandbox mode.... 10/10 will trade in life for a log flume."
,Recommended,493340,27778940,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Joshmonley,Great game so far.Lacking indepth management controls.
,Recommended,493340,27778999,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,シ Chief-sama 💦💦,Remember RCT3 as a youngster? Remember how much time you wasted on that game as a kid? Now remember it as an adult.
,Recommended,493340,27780715,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chase Quinnell,This game is a very promising addition to the amusement park tycoon genre.   It's way better than the RollerCoaster Tycoon World game and is a great 'successor' to the RCT3 game from a few years ago.   Customization and creation are unmatched in the genre with the ability to create and build just about anything.I am looking forward to burning many more hours playing this game.  Would recommend!
76561198028819778,Recommended,493340,27787741,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,chrecht,"Nice game, very addictive :-)"
76561198048774883,Recommended,493340,27792282,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Stockholm Sydrome Personified,"Love it, works fairly well except around when day turns to night and vice versa. Then it lags.On the workshop there needs to be, for the more advanced of us, a custom coasters tab. We are fairly limited to the models of rollercoaster versus RCT3 which had A LOT. So it would be nice for fans to be able to create a roller coaster type. Like the Heartline coaster from RCT3.Ive played this, and I have played RCT world. Planet coaster came out on time and wasnt delayed /SEVERAL/ times. It also is more fluid in gameplay where as RCTW was a lot more strict except when it came to roller coasters and it was so fluid that it wasnt fun.RTCW 0/10Planet Coaster 8/10 (needs more roller coaster types!!)"
,Recommended,493340,27804575,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Yawn.,"Not just one of the single best games of 2016, but easily the best rollercoaster or themepark game there is."
76561198095567884,Recommended,493340,27807873,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,samwatley,MUST DOWNLOAD
76561198149021538,Recommended,493340,27815101,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Anschluss,A game that makes you build a train line for 4 hours
76561198068734440,Recommended,493340,27817768,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,raderb,Played this game a bit and i must say it's great.Graphics and Performance: Quite good on medium settings (i have a 970M).Also the tools for building paths and rails are easy to use which is a big plus!
,Recommended,493340,27820894,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SirPotato,Fully reccomend this game it is roller coaster tycoon of old times infinity. Damn near unlimited custimzation
76561198021473571,Recommended,493340,27824340,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Krugs,"This game is amazing, a worthy successor to Rollercoaster Tycoon 3! The amount of detail you can put into your parks is astounding! A definite recommendation from me :)"
76561198002527794,Recommended,493340,27825627,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,_Terribly British_,"Brilliant and very immersive. Can improve around the difficulty side, but still great theme park sim."
,Recommended,493340,27828180,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ziegenkönig,"Awesome game, lots of customization options, lots to do, and great devs!"
,Recommended,493340,27831593,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tedysen,One of the best tycoongames ever!!! onley problem is there is a little to few standard rides.
,Recommended,493340,27833681,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vlym,A game to get completely lost in. Spent an entire hour designing what a path over a railroad would look like.Will get lost again.10/10
,Recommended,493340,27846247,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,✪ GP | DubbYe -iwnl-,Ein schöner Fortsetzer zu den Rollercoaster Tycon reihe
76561197989208370,Recommended,493340,27847314,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Denied Justice,I'm a big fan of the rct series and im completely blown away with the freedom to build what you want and the workshop....smart move guys love the game and very addicting. 10/10.....downside..is so much to do ive rebuild a park bout 5 times due to new ideas...two thumbs up.
76561198089029466,Recommended,493340,27848375,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Creed Bratton,I forgot to feed my fish.
76561198215514933,Recommended,493340,27849506,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,troynkel,This is the best roller coaster game created in 2016!!!!! Thank you so much!!!!!!!  Recomend!!!
,Recommended,493340,27850788,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Squeaky,You'll never look at shrubbery in the same way again
,Recommended,493340,27851655,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,s3v7777,No comparison between Planet Coaster & that other game. This is more complete & polished. Just add some more rides and a few more improvements & I am a lifelong customer.
76561198022359518,Recommended,493340,27852174,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Perks,Addictive and fun. You'll spend hours building a toilet and even then you'll want to improve it more. An excellent game with the ability to make your park look stunning. The only issue I have is the rides don't really fit the themes and I find the path tool a little bit frustrating.
,Recommended,493340,27854948,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[.Moe] Gnome The Japanese Maid,Planet Coaster is everything RCT world should of been.
76561197992154125,Recommended,493340,27860591,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,D.haka,This game is soo involved and incredible. I recommend to anyone who loved a certain tycoon game back in the day.Another review put it best..This game does to RCT what City: Skylines did to SimCity
,Recommended,493340,27864102,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ryan,"Having played every theme park simulator going I love how this game puts more amazing tools to customise your parks look and feel at your disposal. Spending an hour designing a flowing river and waterfall with bushes and trees, with special lighting and mist was the best hour I've spent so far in Planet Coaster.Must buy!"
76561198148279784,Recommended,493340,27879309,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Accidental Mind,"This is the true rollercoaster tycoon 4 it is everything that a theme park builder should be.  It has great creativity with the steam workshop and all the in game tools available.  Planet Coaster can be played as a scenery creator or as a rollercoaster creator either way this is great but there is one downside that i have fount so far the terrain paint tool will only let you paint the terrain certain colours depending on the park that you are in, so if you cant paint the terrain a red rock colour in a tropical park meaning that you will not be able to create a ""western"" theme in the tropical park.  But with that said it is still a brilliant game with lots of creative possibilities."
76561198009896457,Recommended,493340,27880198,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Augustine,"Finally, there is a great Coaster game that makes it fun and easy to create a great theme park. Planet Coaster has done a great job of fixing some of the more annoying features of past games from other developers. This game is truly addictive, simple and with the Steam Workshop blueprints an endless supply of Awesome."
76561198321433543,Recommended,493340,27881077,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,asiaramirez,Beautiful game!!!!!!
,Recommended,493340,27882444,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zanatan,"This is the game I always dreamed of when it comes to Rollercoasters.  I've played all the games that have to do with theme parks and this game is far superior to most of them.  Frontier rocked the concept and continues to modify and tweak the game to make it the best game possible.  Not much more I could ask for, I have already enjoyed hundereds of hours.  I'm sure you will too!"
,Recommended,493340,27882828,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HangryZombit,"I do recommend this game as it’s really fun; but please enter with no expectations, think of it as a brand new game not a sequel to all the other theme park games in existence. This game is wonderful. It looks good, it feels good to play and it’s really fun. Everything a game should be of this genre.At 44.99 USD (I had to pay AU) it’s a little pricy for the amount of content you get. True, there’s enough there to build your own scenes and buildings and whatnot but for items such as lights, bins chairs and topiaries..... It’s lacking some. I'm sure there'll be updates.... maybe.I know there's a tutorial somewhere but I found I did not need one to get right into the game. It’s easy to build a park from scratch and make enough money to create a range of coasters... rides seem lacking a bit though, I expected more types of rides to fill up the amount of space you're given for your park. Scenery is great, but somewhat tiresome to have to place 'everywhere' in your park. I found terrain editing to be a pain too. But it’s all still so easy to use and there’s plenty of room for creativity. It also works really smoothly.Unfortunately the game does crash on occasion, and to be honest I totally forgot what a game crash looked like until playing this; it’s been so long since I've experienced one. I have a very high end graphics card and top notch computer, it should not be crashing at all, but alas it does. Be careful not to place a path inside a ride or over-do your scenery. Treat it gently and you'll be find.This game definitely sets the benchmark for future tycoon games like it! ;)"
,Recommended,493340,27883518,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xd,0/10 cant click on birds
76561197997858817,Recommended,493340,27884534,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ichi The Killer,"Two Words: ""Purely Addictive."""
76561198210048625,Recommended,493340,27887014,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,willmurton13,"Fantastic game that really stretches your imagination. A shame it isn't available for Mac OS yet, though hopefully with the huge success to come from this game they'll release it on Mac OS as well. Nevertheless, a wonderful game with endless possibilities."
,Recommended,493340,27887211,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,֎ Lambs ֎,"LOVE this game. I started playing the simulation/ tycoon games back when I was a wee lad. Lately, many games havent really brought me back to that nostalgic joy of running a park like Zoo Tycoon did.	I was sceptical at first, expecting another simulator with no improvements. Im glad I was proven wrong. Many simulators intimidate me with the over the top management systems and insane amount of stats. With Planet Coaster, I picked up park management instantly. Park and Ride customization are easy and brilliant. Absolutely fantastic!"
,Recommended,493340,27888179,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Marc Shepard,All the awards
,Recommended,493340,27889018,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,I AM DOING KEGELS RIGHT NOW,"Everything you wanted in rollercoaster tycoon, in awesome 3d hi-res. The whole cosmic milk thing is weird."
,Recommended,493340,27889303,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Winkleberg,10/10 would coast on a planet again
76561198025130876,Recommended,493340,27889691,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cassy,"I have always loved park builders and especially coaster builders, and Planet Coaster is everything I ever dreamed I could have in one! Its building tools are easy to use and I love the camera view on the coasters! If you like coasters or park builders, do yourself a favor and check this one out!"
,Recommended,493340,27892347,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GreatCow,"L-O-V-E the game! Unfounetly my computer can't run it, but still awsome!"
76561198060517939,Recommended,493340,27896573,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Daydread,Great Game
,Recommended,493340,27897363,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,lagranger,"For those who grew up playing RTC, this game is dripping with nostalgia.  Tons of detail.  Endless design possibilities.  Highly recommended.  An excellent modern version of the original theme park series."
,Recommended,493340,27906145,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,I can't wait to see how this game develops.  It is rare for games to be this good on day 1 anymore.
,Recommended,493340,27908180,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,clyd,Nice game tho
,Recommended,493340,27909417,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Burt Macklin,Probably the best theme park game in existence. I can't stop playing. I absolutely love this game 10/10
,Recommended,493340,27910241,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OmgItsKyo,"As an RCT fan since their first release through all of their series,I was waiting 10 years for a new RCT release, And it finally went out, I played RCTW for like 30 hours total.The game is decent I would say, Way below my expectations to be honest and kinda made me a bit sad that this is what they managed to come up with after so many delays in their release.At the beginning I was hesitating whether i should buy RCTW or Planet Coaster.Since I already played RCTW at a friend house and already understood how it works.I decided to give a shot to planetcoaster and buy it,The game is absolutely stunning, In terms of graphics, physics, park managements, features, gameplay, planning etc.They even thought about making a ctrl+z feature that i always wanted to have in RCTW.This game is really awesome, Worth every penny, Really awesome work the guys in frontier did here.And of course i assume there would be even more features and content to come.Keep it up frontier!"
,Recommended,493340,27913659,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Grinch,If you like to sleep and want to have a social life do not buy this game. Just one more detail.....
,Recommended,493340,27914581,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Doc Monday,I built a coaster that subjected the riders to over 15gs of force and people were allowed to ride it. The next logical step is building slave pens in the pirate section and converting the park into Nuka World.
76561198064204883,Recommended,493340,27915217,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,|CDB| JEMknight657,"This game has been such a blast. Sank about 100 hours into this (including beta weekend). Game runs great for me minus when i start putting trees/rocks everywhere, but just about everybodies computer will do that. The coaster builder is amazing. The only downside i have with this game is the path system, feels odd when trying to connect a bunch of shops/plazas. Havent touched the the career mode yet but it seems fun. Would recomend to anyone who enjoyed the RCT series."
,Recommended,493340,27915257,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Awly,Excellent! Keep up the good work. Highly recommended!
76561198095930567,Recommended,493340,27915519,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fungus Mcdungus,What starts out as a simple throwback to days of rollercoaster tycoon soon becomes an enthralling masterpiece as you discover more and more layers of love and detail for the genre. A personal favourite.
76561198048319607,Recommended,493340,27917005,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DarkTrain8321,"Very good game if you like RTC, then you will like this."
,Recommended,493340,27917541,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,alexilator,really fun game. good game to pass tme
76561198118304669,Recommended,493340,27918580,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Arios Achttienachtennegentig,By far the best game of 2016
,Recommended,493340,27919910,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mingy Tiffler,Needs Balancing on the Park sim aspect but the creation tools are endlessly entertaining.
76561198296160090,Recommended,493340,27921235,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sevotastic,#LOVEPLANETCOASTER10/10 i rate this game its sooo good highly recomend this gameIf the creator i seeing this reveiw than plz add normal water slides or slides that u know lay on ur back and slide down the slideAnd tube rides like funnel web water ride and stuffone more thing add the rock (when you jump off a rock 1-6 metres into water)
76561198013648496,Recommended,493340,27924527,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Claus,This game is ace.
76561198014979662,Recommended,493340,27928580,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Treejay,Couldn't have asked for a better spiritual successor to roller coaster than this.
,Recommended,493340,27937636,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SYmonator,"This game is pretty decent, if you like the building/sandbox then this game is for you.The management is a bit to simple at the moment, hopefully they will address this in an update in the future.This game takes me way back to the older games i used to play (you know) - and frontier are back with an excellent theme park game.It's optimised well for me, i run it all maxed and it's a smooth as smooth can be, the terraforming, building, block shapes, etc are a great addition and if you are good at creative, then you'll build some cool stuff. Look at the workshop, there is already a ton of amazing things been built.The only cons to this game at the moment? - Lack of rides or some ability to change them in game, rather than using workshop mods.I like this game, and i'd deffo pick it up if you have been looking into it, you won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,493340,27938397,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Metrixx,"Truly tons of fun, the large price point had me worried-would I play it enough for it to be worth it? Is rollercoaster tycoon best left in the past?No, this is so much fun and worth the buy."
,Recommended,493340,27943617,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,majiskh,Dont have much time played but damn this game is good so far!
,Recommended,493340,27943666,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[JPL]nanotyrano,"Planet Coaster is a truly outstanding game that provides both a visually impressive and rewarding experience for the player. Although, there are few issues that I have with the game, as a creative type this game is exactly what I had been looking for within the tycoon genre.Pros:- 100% modular building system.- Hundreds of building pieces and scenery items.- Blueprints and Steam Workshop support.- Advanced movement tools; very handy for design.- Basic micromanagement for staff and shops.- Ability to choose where entertainers or staff members patrol e.g. janitors looking for rubbish.- Intuitive coaster construction and ride customisation.- Challenge, Career, and Sandbox modes.- Stunning graphics and artstyle.- Calming and unique musical score.- Amazing sound design.Cons:- Framerate gradually starts to fall over time due to prop detail.- Management aspects of the game is considered quite basic by some players, however this can be looked past if you are not looking for an in-depth management experience.- A lot of the management parts of the game are hidden away in menus that can be confusing for first time players.Planet Coaster is a game that you can spend hours with without even unpausing the game, just to get all those tiny details ready before the guests experience your wonderland (or hell!). As a buyer of the Thrillseeker Edition, I am more than happy with my purchase!"
76561198040739322,Recommended,493340,27953649,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,D93x,"Wow! Incredible game, unlimited amount of customisation with this game and so many things you can interact with. I'm excited for what Frontier brings to this game in the near future!100% would reccomend this game to anyone who has a creative mind set!"
76561198098079297,Recommended,493340,27956450,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,McDread,Have nominated for the genre duel ultimate beatdown award - 10/10
,Recommended,493340,27956632,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mitch2025,"As a lover of the original RCT1 and 2, this game is definitely the spiritual successor of it. It feels so much like the old games but so much better. The amount of custimization is almost overwhelming. Being able to add triggers to rides that make things like fountains or explosions go off is nuts and allows for many cool rides. I highly recommend this game if you enjoyed the original RCT1 and 2 games"
,Recommended,493340,27963449,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ponch25josh,Dang this game is so good... If you dont own it you are really missing out.... I recomend buying ir right away....
76561198028920787,Recommended,493340,28004535,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,C540,Built a 700 ft tall coaster with O'Fortuna playing on the lift hill and aimed it at hundreds of unsuspecting patrons.10/10 would bowl again
,Recommended,493340,28005424,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ironpupper,It's 4am and i'm still not done designing this god damn coaster.
76561198102193346,Recommended,493340,28008259,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,HowL,Great game! Have to run it on low tho cus my computer's crap. XD
,Recommended,493340,28010223,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,El Melch,Love this game. Definitely a huge refinement on the RCT 3 formula. Very simple to pick up and getting the basics going.
,Recommended,493340,28012640,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,№. WolVes ≈ ∫ dwolf,"This game is amazing. Better than I anticipated. 100% the best game of the year so far, you can make anything."
76561198216648476,Recommended,493340,28017493,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,IADAM,"This game is everything you want in a theam park sim. I have been waiting for 5 years for a new roller coaster game to come ou that is a really good and it has been 12 science the last game was released and this is the new game of the year. The look and fell of this game is awesome and it runs so we'll, you can run it on full Gand it will rub amazing for me. And if you are hesitant about paying 60 dollars for it don't worry I did and it was worth it I have loved 14 hours into it in only 2 weeks and for me that is a lot. The options on this game are awesome the roller costers are so detailed and the building and terrain editing are awesome. One last thing 10/10 game but it you are doing your self a favor. Trust me."
76561197991173713,Recommended,493340,28018146,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Syndr,"This game is amazing in every way. I cannot keep myself away from it. This game unleashes your creative monster, and lets it run rampant in an amusement park. I have always been a RTC fan, but this is so much more, in my opinion. I spend more time building new, and hopefully more creative buildings, or scenes than actually running a park. If you want to crunch numbers, like someone that gave this game a thumbs down, then go be an accountant, and all the excitement it has to offer. If you want to stretch you imagination, and create amazing works of digital art, and see it in action, get this game!"
76561197988189560,Recommended,493340,28021539,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,lerxs,"There are some positives to this game, but the basic 'meat and potatoes' . . . a.k.a. controls and placement . . . are an absolute mess!   Placing pathways in this game is absolute garbage. It renders the 'game' frustrating and unplayable as time after time you continually place, delete and replace queues and paths.  Utter nonsense."
76561197969327505,Recommended,493340,28022767,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jetstream01,"Quite simply the best theme park game ever made. It takes what was great about Roller Coaster Tycoon and brings it into the modern era, adding so many things that I can't even list them all.  The building system is absolutely amazing and easy to use.  The terrain scuplting is phenomenal.  The sound design-perfect.  Even the music is spectacular with the way it fades in and out and changes according to what you're doing.  I want to say more, but then I would have to stop playing too long.Bottom line: if you like theme park games, this one sets the new standard. Buy it now!"
76561198006522651,Recommended,493340,28023344,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vaneras,Really great game. Only complaint is that it freezes at times if the park is too crowded or you're messing with a blue print that was downloaded from the workshop.  Hopefully there will be a fix for the freezing! otherwise it's enjoyable and fun to play. I've already played over 10 hours.
,Recommended,493340,28029219,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Prune Juice,"I don't understand why no one will ride my coaster that gives 33gs of vertical force... and is nearly 2,800 feet highwasted a good $38,79110/10At least everyone likes Chief Beefy"
,Recommended,493340,28033333,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Arturius,"Aside from a few CTDs and technical issues, the game seems to work. Recommended to people who enjoy building highly detailed environments for your guests."
76561198195224771,Recommended,493340,28041098,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Synesthesia34,"Pros:- tons of endless fun- great time killer- lots of customization- visually pleasingCons:- very time consuming- very difficult customization- hard to use camera controlsOverall great game, Between Roller coaster tycoon worlds and Parkitect, I would say Planet coaster is for the more die hard coaster tycoon fan. if you really want a hardcore custom theme park tycoon experience, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,493340,28055478,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dr Henners,10/10 path and queue builder.
76561197971755344,Recommended,493340,28062923,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Rollertoaster01,Fun
76561198056514578,Recommended,493340,28063303,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mattie_Hedgehog,"Best theme park simulation since RollerCoaster Tycoon 3, Frontier who made Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 really delivered here. It brings me back to being a child playing for hours on end. Graphics are great everything looks realistic in the right sort of way. Looking forward to see what expansions Frontier has instore for this beautiful game."
76561198033496003,Recommended,493340,28063854,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MakerMeetYour,"Reminds me of how fun creativity in a sandbox type game can be.While the controls are a bit wonkey, meaning that probably I haven't gotten used to them.Planet Coaster is every bit of RCT and more. Let the imagination juices flow, grab a drink, and play hours only to realize it's been days since you have left your computer chair.So far 8/10 and so much fun. Haven't even tried the multiplayer/co-op experiences with other builders creations on the workshop."
,Recommended,493340,28070369,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,CarLⓞs :) ✮-~♥♡ⓛⓞⓥⓔ♡♥~-✮,this game isfun fun fun!
76561197973356973,Recommended,493340,28080991,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mr. President,LOVE IT!
76561198084473183,Recommended,493340,28081961,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Flaco Lambordi,"Absolutely stunning game. At first I was skeptical due to this not being a ""Tycoon"" game, but I was blown away at seeing what this game's alpha had looked like. Planet Coaster has everything I have been looking for over my years of playing theme park simulation games. Even better is how community-centered Frontier is when it comes to this game. If the playerbase wants it, they will try their hardest to implement it in their game. I'm kicking myself for ever doubting Planet Coaster."
76561198004714925,Recommended,493340,28083301,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,m1LLsk1,This game is just amazing.
76561198005505420,Recommended,493340,28084316,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,AtlasMoth,"Addictive and wonderful.  Some slight QoL hickups here and there, but I believe they'll be resolved over time.  Deeper than it seems.  I've never been interested in creating my own elements in any game before, but I'm having an absolute blast doing so thus far."
,Recommended,493340,28194508,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,deadinside,"This is perhaps my favorite game of all time.As an extreme fan of Rollercoaster Tycoons 1, 2, and 3, the latest installments of that franchise left me and many others sick to the very core, being the abomination of Rollercoaster Tycoon 4 Mobile (a F2P cash-in with horrendous microtransactions) and Rollercoaster Tycoon World (a hideous, thrown-together monstrosity made with the budget of a toothpick, countless setbacks, and I believe 4 different developers that ended up thinking that using Unity in the end was a good idea).After waiting 12 years for another phenomenal theme park sim, the time has come for us to get what we truly want from this genre: Planet Coaster. Made by Frontier, which is a name you may recognize from Rollercoaster Tycoon 3, this spiritual successor to the once-loved series utterly surpasses its competition with immense customization, gorgeous graphics, and a jaw-dropping soundtrack. Though I'm attempting to not spoil anything about the game, I will have to say that the Campaign or Challenge modes can be disappointing to those who prefer the management side of things. But if you are like me and are eager to spend hours on hiding lights inside bushes for that extra beautification, there's an unfathomable amount of time you can spend in this game without ever getting bored.P.S. The workshop has already exploded with content to give those with little building skill (like me) a step in the right direction for theming, or simply to ride around other people's roller coasters.Overall: 11/10, would place ninety billion lamposts again."
,Recommended,493340,28194763,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Nameless Sniper™,"My first real experience with PC gaming was way back in 2001 with Rollercoaster Tycoon. I've played every expansion and game in that series, and I loved it. But Planet Coaster is the best theme park tycoon that I've ever played. The creative tools are intuitive and powerful and many of the features that I've liked in previous genre games exist in some form.My only negative comment is in regards to the ""campaign."" It isn't really worth playing. The management aspect isn't quite challenging enough and there aren't enough scenerios. But the creative aspect more than makes up for these shortcomings."
76561198022489588,Recommended,493340,28197020,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Cthulutron,"I don't post many reviews, but this game will literally knock your socks off.Unofficial sequel to Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, this is nothing less of a home run. Coaster designer is extremely intuitive and easy for anyone to use. You can build on a grid like we tycoon players used to with pre-designed pieces (specifically inversions), or let your imagination run wild and create the coaster of your dreams. The track modifier after completing the coaster is very helpful in eliminating those tough locations of nausea and g-forces making your guests enjoy the ride more.Scenery customization, manipulation, and creation is absolutely rediculous. Infinite possibilities with even more options via other user's creations in the steam workshop. You will probably find yourself spending at least 3-4 hours building a single coaster station building. If thats not your speed, you can easily pick one up from the workshop, or even a fully built coaster.Flat rides seem to be a tad lacking as of this review, but with the inconceivable amount of effort Frontier has put into this game, I would be shocked if more isn't on the way.This game is a timesink. When you open the faucet of creativity, it's very difficult to turn it off, especially in the case of this particular game.Music fits the genre well and is very relaxing, though I have a feeling most players will turn it off and listen to their own music in the background.Absolutely spectacular game, would highly recommend to anyone who loves sandbox games and/or has a knack for creativity.9/10 Will be sinking countless hours into this glorious game."
76561198184144967,Recommended,493340,28197227,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,tim030p,"Thus far; my progress in this game has been  a little slow but not time wasted. This game offers the opprtunity to be the Theme Park baron you've always dreamed of being. A bright and festive like landscape with equally as fun rides to adorn your park with, one may find themselves immersed in the energy Plante Coaster gives off just by simply playing.Your imagination is let lose!However, the learning curve is not an esay one to pass. Camera controls are wonky and hard to adjust to. Roller Coasters prove to be a bit of a pain to pice together (not that I can imagine they are at all easy to in real life.)These two set-backs do not take away from the enjoyment I found in this coaster simulator. And for the i'd recomend this game to anyone who loved Rollar Coaster Tycoon as much as I did, and to any new gamers who'd like to expand on their gmae library!"
76561198121246418,Recommended,493340,28197417,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Murderin' Murphy,"Yea, it lives up to RCT standards and some.Allows you to create easily using drag and drop, or more precise, axis movements.Coaster building is more a more custom build than the previous pre-loaded track system.The camera is frustrating sometimes but nothing game breaking.Maybe a bit more scenery items would be nice, but an obstacle a creative mind can't handle."
,Recommended,493340,28201831,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,BentoTheBox,Extremely good. Tons of content in the workshop too.
,Recommended,493340,28220189,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,UpSlash,"This game is a *must buy* if you enjoyed the original Roller Coaster Tycoon games or if you like the building and strategy of the newer Cities Skylines.The UI and graphics are wonderful. The camera is smooth and the controls are fluid and easy to use. There are all sorts of rides to create and manage. You have family rides, thrill rides, and of course all sorts of roller coasters. You also manage and train your staff of janitors, entertainers, and mechanics. You can play the game in career mode which will guide you through pre-built maps with some easy objectives, but the most enjoyable part of the game for me is the challenge and sandbox modes.Planet Coaster's gameplay is very enjoyable. You can customize nearly everything you build. A game like this is really only limited by your own creativity. I can't wait to see what mods we will have on Steam in the coming weeks and months.The game is easily worth the $45. I tend to wait for sales on PC games, but this is one of those games where I didn't mind forking over the cash because I want to support developers who are creating quality PC games like these.TL;DRDO IT. JUST DO IT. BUY NOW."
,Recommended,493340,28226398,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Desx,"The moment i watch the trailer and tutorial, its already hip me up. Either subscribe/customized or construct ur own blueprint, its challenge ur creativity n imagination to a realistic simulation coaster park. this game need passion but when all goes well, its really satisfied."
,Recommended,493340,28229008,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,BD 714,"I'm so excited to delve into this game in the months to come. This is LITERALLY Roller Coaster Tycoon, only up to date and done incredibly well. This is incredible!!! I also love the feature where you can add YOUR OWN MUSIC to Coasters... FINALLY, I CAN MAKE A COASTER THAT BLASTS AMON AMARTH!!!!!"
76561197998872917,Recommended,493340,28236969,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Mananax2,I pretty much don't get paid anymore and this makes up for it. I can focus my crippling depression into making the perfect park with hours of detailing..
76561198036732153,Recommended,493340,28239253,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Proxy,very fun but there isnt alot to the base game from what ive seen and the price is too high recommend getting it when its half off
76561198006640344,Recommended,493340,28245322,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Medieval Peanut,"This game has recieved more positive reviews since releasing over RCTW and so I'll draw some comparisons having played and owning both and happy with both purchases.I would recommend this game for the fun factor.  It is more forgiving when it comes to building coasters as an example allowing you to do things that RCTW wouldn't which allows you more creative capabilities.  I will say that RCTW's system has fun elements for me over PC because of this realism factor in tuning and tweaking a perfect real-life functional coaster but in reality neither really allow you to create something that will induce a heart attack or vomit-coaster as riders will avoid the coasters you build.  Another thing that this game has an edge over RCTW are some of the design tools for landscaping allowing you creater creative options in what you make and coupled with the more forgiving coaster designer you can create some really imaginitive designs even if they aren't as practical.One thing that I like about this game (because its missing in RCTW) are the water rides and desiner.  You can create you own log or rapid ride and I think that's awesome and fun and what encouraged me to buy this game.Something I think both games share is the rush to ""live"" because they both feel unfinished and will continue to improve  over the next 6 months.  Both games also benefit from fan made content however I think some people are reviewing this game with an advantage that the content was largely created for RCTW having released with Early Access and ported to this game and then review RCTW poorly (when it helped enable that creation while this was still being developed).Again, both good games, I'm happy with both for the reasons mentioned above."
76561197995425110,Recommended,493340,28245808,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Zanzorbizan,"The graphics are detailed and the performance is great on a 980ti, i7 4ghz, options maxed. This game does pretty much everything it should do, in my opinion. The staff admin is cumbersome and there needs to be a way to create large areas of pathway without it freaking out. Those are my only two gripes, and they're unimportant. I've seen others comment on the depth of the game. I agree, a second layer of depth would be interesting, but I don't feel it's necessary, not for this style of tycoony fun. I recommend it without question. Great Game and Great Devs!"
76561198015225412,Recommended,493340,28248513,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,thursday1110,"Cannot Stress how great this game is, for years we have waited for a true sequal to roller coaster tycoon, and this is it."
76561198182684771,Recommended,493340,28251231,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,DR. G SKELETON,Why I can not play in the planet coaster?
76561198004146674,Recommended,493340,28252785,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Betelgeuse,Worthy succesor to Rollercoaster Tycoon
,Recommended,493340,28254385,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Apollo,"You know that feeling when you are hesitant to buy a game because you're worried you might waste your money on something that might be a crap game in the end, get boring, and not sure if you should believe all the ratings because you dont know if everyone has the same interests and likes as you? well this game is the bomb diggity, straight up. Made by the same people who made rollercoaster tycoon and man did they deliver on this. For me it's the small things in a game that matter and did they really take the time to make sure this was as polished as it could be. Not sure if anyone remembers when they announced another rollercoaster tycoon a while back, and everyone was super excyited to find out what it was, and it ended up being some dumbass phone app? Well imagine all that excyitment, but instead of them coming out with that stupid app they came out with this bad boy. This is exactly what everyone was wishing and hoping for (just different name). Do I reccomend you buy this game? hell yes. will it be exactly what you are wishing for when you fist clicked this game to see the game play and reviews? sure as ♥♥♥♥♥ will. But will it be just as fun as the original?.... YOU BET YOUR MOMS♥♥♥♥♥♥IT WILL BE.PROS:been one since 1990Cons:You'll never know how fun it is till you buy it."
76561198011468369,Recommended,493340,28256961,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Conspiracy04,"They revived a dead genre!A lot of improvements had been made since the released of RollerCoaster Tycoon 3.(Thank you technology)Some gamers  complained about the lack of content when comparing to RollerCoaster Tycoon 3.Yes, PlanetCoaster lacks Attraction's content, but the amount of detail that the Frontier Team has done is tremendous.You could build almost anything with the Building/Scenery system that they had developed for this game,You can lay down any object anywhere you wish to.Creating a real park, example; Universal Studio is possible but it could take a lot of hours.Normally in every game that I had played in my entire life only had 1-3 amazing soundtracks,but not on this game, I would say that I love all of the soundtracks in this game.Its soundtrack is simply mesmerising,The soundtrack will hypnotise you,thus unleashing your creativity and build something that is flowing with the music.The Guests in the park feel more alive than RollerCoaster Tycoon 3,They will pay more for an attraction that has a good scenery.They will observe their surrounding,looking at Rollercoaster passing by.They will think and judge, before purchasing an attraction ticket and buying food/drinks.The downside in this game is that the Park Management could use more work.Attraction's track can't be coloured.there's a few more but I can't think of it.( Brain died just like in exams for a moment)Overall this is an amazing game for this genre!Sorry for my horrible English :(."
,Recommended,493340,28279426,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,luis_andres66,"Incredible game, the most realistic experience I´ve seen to manage and be part of a park. I simply love it. I completely recommend it"
76561198204264660,Recommended,493340,28287686,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,daveog999,"This is a brilliant theme park sim, similar to the old roller coaster tycoon games. A lot of fun and an easy time-consumer."
76561197966063032,Recommended,493340,28388855,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Lex,"Game of the Century.... Please MORE more more Props, animations, Ghost / Spooky animations and where is the Indians with arrows for a western theme park btw.Generaly a lovely game and the posibilitys are endless .. almost. As my brother said to me ""its like minecraft for adults"" hehe Wish i could post a Screenshot of my Star Wars Theme park with the Deathstar and Star Destroyer and falcon and At-st and so on. It insane to see some of the nice creations ppl have made and that you can share every thing u make with others.Simply a Super nice Game and the first game to left up minecraft type games to a hole other level."
76561197995604772,Recommended,493340,28394409,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Darken,"Just an all around excellent game. Charming graphics, good interface, fun visuals and themes, and a high level of customizability of you want to go that deep into it. With all that being said, it has a very accessible learning curve, and is as complex as you want it to be, while still offering a good amount of challenge.Probably one on my favourite games of this year, and I don't regret paying full price for it. Planet Coaster is to theme park games, as Cities: Skylines was to city building games, that is a fresh look by outside eyes, and it works fabulously."
76561198071961458,Recommended,493340,28413247,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,AussiePartyGuy,is  g00d
76561198030495388,Recommended,493340,28415252,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Nema,"If you loved the old Rollercoster Tycoon series, you will just feel at home and with a great and fresh gameplay. Best park manager made to date."
,Recommended,493340,28417978,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Hauntie,"I am only a few hours into this game, but I think it is safe to say this is the spiritual successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon 2. The few hours I have played thus far have been spent seeing just what I can do with the rollercoaster building tools. I have made some highly practical and very inpractical designs and they all work! (well most of them anyway) Being a huge rollercoaster fanatic in real life the POV cameras are a nice touch. This game truly gives you the ability to build whatever you want, much like in Cities: Skylines. If you were a fan of the old Rollercoaster Tycoon games this is the game for you!"
76561198088041869,Recommended,493340,28428937,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,DisneyChris,"After playing Rollercoaster Tycoon World for 5 months and getting so frustrated with it I bought Planet Coaster. RCTW just cannot compete with it. There are a few things that kind of suck about Planet Coaster like the fact you have to build everything yourself, but you can get stuff off the workshop. Also the pathsystem isn't that great either. It took a while to get used to the new controls and coaster building, but this game is so fun and addicting and I totally recommend it."
76561198130265474,Recommended,493340,28430478,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,renier.morkel,It's exellent!
76561198148506398,Recommended,493340,28435531,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Bobby Flay,"Very good game, strikes a perfect balence between accuracy and imagination (for the most part, still don't quite understand how 2 gay white guys could have 2 spanish children, and a black child but thats just me) other then that great game! Only thing that I would like to see in the future is more water park stuff (I would even pay for that if it was a dlc) and cooperative (my friends and I work on parks together and its a pain to keep uploading them, making our change, and reuploading them, then redownloading and so on."
,Recommended,493340,28437537,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Liquid Galaxy,Excellent game that will test your creativity to the limit.Get ready to lose hours of your life.
76561198352800801,Recommended,493340,28438137,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,camcamcam,"I bought the game so excited and when I play it, it always crashes I cant do anything it's no fun! all that money for nothing I want a refund! help me i sort of recomend this game yes and no."
,Recommended,493340,28458425,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Hades,"How To Lose Study Hours Simulator 2016, Thanks for the F on my exam :P"
,Recommended,493340,28458971,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Ashbrown,"I don't care what reviews say, i still find this game very enjoyable and fun to mess around with physics . Those huge reviews are technicly correct about everything people have said but this game is definately a personal preference game, not everyone would build the same park over and over, it wouldn't be fun, so this game gives you the ability to create what ever you want! My overall playing time is low to make such a review but I have been playing the Pre Alpha, Alpha and Beta and what i can tell from those versions this game has had a huge improvement and it is still being updated!"
,Recommended,493340,28459771,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Psycho,"Let me start this review with,Wow.I never thought I'd enjoy such a weird game, but this has been so much fun I think I'd call it one of my all time favorites.If you have an extra 45 dollars, don't look past this game! It's so cute and the art style is so nice."
76561198188722818,Recommended,493340,28461215,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,aj9809999,this is a really good game you should definitely play this game :D
76561198030880081,Recommended,493340,28471175,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,nycyanks002,♥♥♥♥♥is awesome
76561198011844431,Recommended,493340,28472449,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,✪ Rowdey,Love this game!
76561198099992881,Recommended,493340,28478285,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Steve French,the only reason i have 78 hours played is because after 10 minutes the game crashes and wont let me close anything on my computer
,Recommended,493340,28479500,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Charlieto_YT,"Love this game! Found this game exists coz of a youtuber i watch. I love how creative u can be in creating a awsome park! Would 100000% recommend this game if u love creating and designing different things.:: PROS ::Awsome gameplayEndless possibilitiesEasy to learn gameplay/controlsPre-Built Rides/Stalls as well as the option to create ur ownFreeplay mode to create what u wantChallenge mode to do like a set challenge in a premade park with goals to meetTutorial videos that show u everything u need to knowIn game help when needed:: CONS ::Laggs a bit (Could just be coz im starting to get a bit of stuff on my laptop)Can be annoying trying to place stuff in the exact place u want it without it trying to jump ontop of buildings etcMakes u lose track of time, making the day disapear (not really a con but can be  xD  )So yehh this game is awsome. It does cost alot but a bit of saving up and u will have it. Its soo worth it. I just recommend u play this after important things coz time disapears fast ahahaa"
76561198056466698,Recommended,493340,28500780,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,cmray58,"Just buy this game. Just shut up, press Add to Cart, and buy it now. Oh, and say goodbye to your life."
76561197969574475,Recommended,493340,28504578,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Citizen10Bears,"I just play in sandbox mode - terraforming, adding rides n other stuff. The people are happy and smiling :-)A path through a tunnel has lights and a fog machine - it looks awesome especially at night. A monorail brings visitors to the far end of the park where I've added a lake and some lasers that shine towards the sky.A man dressed up as a dinosaur entertains a small crowd.I take a ride on my wooden coaster and watch my park whizz past my eyes - it's a beautiful, busy, fun place. And I made it."
76561197963279531,Recommended,493340,28562376,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,AH-Chiron,"This is what the RCT later games should have been, but weren't.  great game!"
76561197999122653,Recommended,493340,28562565,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,dosformat,This game is amazing and extremly addictive. I spend most of my time in the sandbox part just designing my ultimate theme park. There is amazing effects and brilliant features that any roller coaster fan will appricate.Just remember you need a fast pc to run this game and the more detailed your park is the more processing that is done by your pc which means lower frames per second. I know some people moan about the performance of this game but I think it is more then acceptable considering the level of detail and what can be achieved.If your a fan of this genere then buy it now as you will not be dissapointed9/10
,Recommended,493340,28564146,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,JacqueBoy,"Exactly, it is a worth playing game! Or a simulator? This game made me confident to be a successful Theme Park Manager or a architect! However, I'm originally a player, I mean, an amateur. So what do I care about more is to experient my parks and my rides after crafting them! I believe it'd be better if there were a visitor-view mode, how's it? I mean, to walk in the park as a visitor!What's more vital, and more harmful, is the view as well. Every time I am crafting my coaster, my view will be hidden by the terrain, that's annoying, and makes me lost my interests to keep crafting! Is there any solution?"
,Recommended,493340,28610201,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Justb_,"Let me make this review very simple. This is the greatest Theme Park/Coaster Builder game ever made. You like to build theme parks and awesome coasters, this is the game for you!"
76561197968773976,Recommended,493340,28613275,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[OTL] Dekaas,"If you love rollercoaster tycoon, you will love this game for sure!Just make sure you have a decent computer though."
,Recommended,493340,28617574,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Yung Tuggy,"This game is absolutely incredible when it comes to the tools you have available to customize your park, rides, and buildings.That being said, I know that many people, myself included, prefer a more casual experience. When I first started playing, I found myself playing it at a basic level and still having fun. I focused on economy and building cool rides while only rarely customizing my coasters.Then, as I played through the campaign, I found myself really investing more in the aesthetic of my parks. The campaign does a great job of passively teaching you various aspects of park building, and by the time I made it to the medium difficulty scenarios, I really started to care about the scenery of my park as well.This game does everything right. It's accessible to casual gamers, it has steam workshop and crazy customization options for more serious gamers.. it's well balanced, has a ton of contet, and the tools to edit and build your parks really do feel natural and intuitive after only a few hours of playing.Great graphics, great music, runs great on 4K with a GTX 980.Overall I'm feeling super happy and nostalgic. I give this game a solid 9.5/10. Great work Planet Coaster Team, and thanks for saving amusement park simulators from EA"
,Recommended,493340,28621852,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,irmadcow2,Absolutely fantastic.  It's RCT + No Limits packed into one great game!
76561198353865673,Recommended,493340,28635095,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,tof.adeniran,best game roller coaster rellated better than no limits and rct
,Recommended,493340,28639112,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Russ,Excellent fun
,Recommended,493340,28639383,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,riverbit,"The price of the game might be quite steep, however the game itself is very fun. Frontier did an excellent job at recreating the great elements of the game Rollercoaster Tycoon 3, and is still updating the game with new content, such as the -free- Winter Update which brings snow maps and new rides and management improvements. A true successor to Rollercoaster Tycoon 3.My only complaint is that the maps are relatively small, but this forces you to make use of your land better. Another downside is that there is no mod support for this game, you can only submit content via the Steam Workshop, but as the game uses Denuvo Anti Tamper it is not possible to create any mods. Cities: Skylines does have mod support and the community there has created some awesome features for the game of which the developer didn't even think of. On the upside, the devs still release updates for the game free of charge, which adds additional functionality, such as the upcoming (free!) Summer Update, which includes fireworks and digital billboards.If you like management games and loved Rollercoaster Tycoon 3, buy this game. If you liked Rollercoaster 1 and 2 better, consider looking at Parkitect, also on Steam."
76561197963689803,Recommended,493340,28640884,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Varnic,Easily the only true successor to Rollercoaster Tycoon.
,Recommended,493340,28641312,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,GrayFall,"The true successor to the Roller Coaster Tycoon franchise. THe amount of freedom given to the player is astounding, and it's up to you to decide how detailed (literally down to the brickwork of a building) you want to make your park. I've spent my first 20 hours just making scenery for my park and have had an absolute blast doing so. The only thing I would change about this game is the coaster design tool, it's not very streamlined and takes a while to get used to and I wish the older system from the previous games was still in place.Regardless, this is the most fun I've had in a game this year, and I know that I still have hundreds of hours ahead of me designing and making certain themes and more detailed parks. Would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who considers themselves a fan of the previous titles."
,Recommended,493340,28644428,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bucyruss,Great spiritual successor to the Roller Coaster Tycoon series.
76561198043265574,Recommended,493340,28648555,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,flacons23,makes me feel like a kid again but adds plently to keep an adault busy building coasters alone has become more difficult jut just enought to make it more entertaining and a bit more tedious to create the perfect coster but is deeply satisfying when you do
,Recommended,493340,28667767,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,BillionDog,"Great game - just don't buy if you have a potato because it will probably crash.  For the rest of us, definately worth the money - especially when on sale.  Look forward to future updates."
,Recommended,493340,28798693,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Earl,"This game is incredible. You are given unlimited freedom when creating your park, you can really let your imagination fly. The game looks amazing all the way down to each individual guest that visits your park. Theme park fans and enthusiasts will absolutely love this game. If you played RCT3 and enjoyed it, you should DEFINITELY buy this over the pile of crap that is Roller Coaster Tycoon World."
76561198178991995,Recommended,493340,28817406,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Tojjevvuk,Great game. Easy to spend 3 hours on this game without noticing it.
,Recommended,493340,28817902,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,andyshun63,"Planet Coaster is a great game for you to unleash your creativity as you can build a theme park as your desired. The nice graphics could be an ice-cream to your eyes.It would be nice if there is more information like what is meaning of indicator like 'nausea' or 'excitement', how to self made a trigger on coaster, more depth in management and more contents."
,Recommended,493340,28818195,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SyC | AroTaro,Game worth the money - as long as they dont add any paid dlcs.   which they might do and dependant on price - they could really change my opinion of the game ..    but for now - graphics are amazing and so is gameplay -    i give it a 9/10  (10/10 if they change that annoying fake-water♥♥♥♥♥♥ please)
,Recommended,493340,28821120,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[CG] Cry,Loving this game :D
,Recommended,493340,28829636,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DamageBats,"Nostalgia factor is through the roof, this is exactly what I wished Theme Park from back when it was on Sega Genesis could have become...they NAILED it! Only took a short time to really get a feel for the game, could do without the avatar/community/profile nonsense but the game is just fantastic."
76561198261762058,Recommended,493340,28830445,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,howarda401,I love this game.  I played Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 for years doing the scenerios again and again.  This is better.  Being able to see through the eyes of a peep and see what my park looks like through there eyes is great.  The controls look terrifying at first sight but are actually simple and easy to use.  When you played roller coaster tycoon 3 a common practice was to walk away and wait for enough money to accumulate for some big project or another.  With this game rides age and become less appealing.  Staff require more attention.  Walking away is no longer a option.  I think this is a good thing.  It adds to realisium.
76561198022329121,Recommended,493340,29124068,Posted: 8 January,all,Ethereal,:)
,Recommended,493340,29124332,Posted: 8 January,all,xxxbeatmypregnantgirlfriend,A really fun game. I love desigining my park (and coasters) to look like really legit meymeyss. It's like a way better and refined Roller Coaster Tycoon in 2016/17
76561198207539541,Recommended,493340,29129232,Posted: 8 January,all,psych21,vary good
,Recommended,493340,29141320,Posted: 9 January,all,\($.$\) (/0.0)/ \(-.-\) (/~.~)/,The only game I'd spend hours on building a toilet
76561198018479548,Recommended,493340,29143396,Posted: 9 January,all,petrok,"I do REALLY REALLY love this game, as it has amazing graphics, and is a perfect representation of the Old RCT games.But I have one problem...IT DOESN'T HAVE MAC SUPPORT. Seriously guys, you're good at this, you should be able to work with Macs!"
76561198257590664,Recommended,493340,29146682,Posted: 9 January,all,Toxic Seal,"Hello! Here is a little review for Planet Coaster.So I don't really know how to start but the game is really awsome. You can really create whatever you want. So here is some stuff i would like to add:More Themes! - Spooky, Jungle, Adventure, Asian, Alpine, Aztec, Steampunk and more.More Rides! - I don't know what really but we need more.More Shop!Just more of everything!"
76561198042269408,Recommended,493340,29154281,Posted: 9 January,all,BisonBrown,"Does for Roller Coaster Tycoon what Cities: Skylines did for SimCity, i.e. do a series unimaginably better than the current holders of the ""real"" IP."
,Recommended,493340,29155236,Posted: 9 January,all,<--M--I--K--E--L-->,Fun gameMy mom keeps stealing my computer to play it...
76561198027264534,Recommended,493340,29167927,Posted: 10 January,all,clichecentral,"For those who loved the Rollercoaster Tycoon games, this is a must. It's a true sucessor to the original games, with more creative control over the design of your rides and scenery."
,Recommended,493340,29169122,Posted: 10 January,all,Real White Thug,I for one enjoy the game very well and it helps me express my creativity with others. One thing I would point out is the game will crash for some reason and when I run it again I will only be able to play for 5 -15 minutes. Other than that I would recommend this game.
76561198076270472,Recommended,493340,29169980,Posted: 10 January,all,beansfranks,"Quite Possibly the Best Ever!This game is great from start to finish. I had to play a couple of times to really understand how to set up my parks, but once you do, it is fun, easy, and there is always something new. The updates are very helpful in making the games management system even better,A+++"
,Recommended,493340,29171647,Posted: 10 January,all,michaelrh04,"It's great but you can't pick people up and place them on a small island in the middle of a lake and as their needs slowly worsen you can watch them waste away.Also, the ""old rides"" feature ♥♥♥♥ing sucks and it doesn't consistently run at 20 or above FPS."
,Recommended,493340,29173027,Posted: 10 January,all,TheSpicedLemons,"This game is like beerYour problems will not go away, you will just forget about them for a whileAlso, you wake up and realize it's 3 am and you have exams tomorrow10/10"
,Recommended,493340,29178292,Posted: 10 January,all,SirSquirrel,I haven't played many hours of this game but the hours i have played have been extremely enjoyable. I would highly recommend this to anyone.
,Recommended,493340,29186867,Posted: 11 January,all,Birkoren,GREAT GAME! ♥♥♥♥ YA! MUST BY!10/10 IGN10/10 NOREGSTUDIOSMUST HAVE FOR EVERY FAN OG ROLLERCOASTER TYCOON FANS ;)
76561198348263332,Recommended,493340,29188976,Posted: 11 January,all,kmanhbk18,One big note is that if youve played rolercoster tycoon 3 then this will be a more polished and expanded version and being someone who played rct 3 quite often i enjoy it. the camrea is a bit weard at first but once you start playing you'll get the hang of it. so all in all if you have played the old rct games or are just finding this game on the store pick it up and let your mind run free
76561198071184823,Recommended,493340,29194839,Posted: 11 January,all,jtkendall8,A beautiful game with great graphics
76561198165866068,Recommended,493340,29196564,Posted: 11 January,all,ljhalo4,great!
76561198137391493,Recommended,493340,29197408,Posted: 11 January,all,Hauntedlighthouse,"I was actually hesitant on buying this, it was either this or Tycoon World, but decided to give this a go and I absolutely love it, I'm really addicted to the realism in this game, the graphics are stunning and the game runs perfectly on my laptop(though it does heat my laptop up a bit) The only thing I would like to see is more rides added, more scenery(especially spooky scenery) Def worth the $."
,Recommended,493340,29200912,Posted: 12 January,all,Trip,Buy this if you want an admittedly very good tool to be creative. Don't buy it if you want an actual management game. I refunded it and if you could put a review inbetween yes and no then it would be that.
76561198042573366,Recommended,493340,29225839,Posted: 13 January,all,PJCrowther,"Best theme park sim ever, more fun to be had in Sandbox than in career for me though."
,Recommended,493340,29229602,Posted: 13 January,all,TheKakerMaker,"Frontier did it again. 13 years ago they released Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, an amazing game of amusment park building. Maybe it's the most original title ever, but it was very fun, you could spend hours on one roller-coaster, park could take days and even weeks! And now, 12 years later (2016), they released Planet Coaster, with great graphics and the tools you can acctualy build your DREAM park. Give it name, build shops and design your coaster. This is a great game, really."
76561198294503604,Recommended,493340,29241417,Posted: 13 January,all,RollerCoasterFan,Just a good game...
76561198203208166,Recommended,493340,29303834,Posted: 16 January,all,Codingkid01,"This is good but it needs a few things to make it amazing:1. A roller coaster cycle feature like the ones in RCT. This would come in handy when building roller coasters.2. a Powered Coaster.3. A ""Lite""  Version of this game would be very nice for people who don't have powerful enough computers to play but want to play it."
76561198036272151,Recommended,493340,29314275,Posted: 17 January,all,ilyas,Best theme park simulator I've ever played! Really brings back memories of early roller coaster tycoon series and adds so much more to it!
76561198273381744,Recommended,493340,29336936,Posted: 18 January,all,joepower63,Great game - highly recomend. Can easily waste hours of your life playing and tweaking with this game.
,Recommended,493340,29344549,Posted: 18 January,all,LowHDgamer,"Great theme park game, easily the best out there, apart from the paths. They are impossible to use and often interact poorly with the terrain. Even RTC World has better path building functions than this and that is bad. Otherwise its a great game thats very addictive and worth a lot more than £30."
,Recommended,493340,29360614,Posted: 19 January,all,Stuntman707,"This game is the most visually stunning theme park simulator game i've played yet. Combined with the easy to use tools once you get the hang of how it works (I'd recommend doing some of the tutorials), it has been a joy to create awesome looking theme parks.I like how the shops are all completely customisable buildings. There's a precise grid mode for making buildings, powerful yet simple to use advanced movement tools and then organic placement of scenery elements, paths and terrain which makes your parks really feel more natural and unique than a universal grid system. Rollercoasters are also simple to build by simply clicking and dragging the track around. My only complaint is not being able to change the train/car style for each type of ride. Still for building your dream parks, Planet Coaster is the best.The management side of the game however is somewhat lacking. With less customisation than older theme park games and less depth, it does feel like this side of the game is still in development. Guests magically pay to get through open gates. There's no management options for Ticket inspectors and Ride operators and they dont appear on your staff list. You can't edit staff uniforms. There's no option for guests to choose what extras they want with food and drink. You cant make any promos / discounts for rides or shops in marketing. Info stalls only sell priority passes. There's no park maps, umbrellas or annual passes. Guests think any queue times over 5 minutes are too long.To summarise, if you like being creative making rides and parks then i'd highly recommend this game. The easy to use editing tools really bring out the creativity in you. If you're more into managing theme parks, tweaking, planning, budgeting, marketing and running attractions, i'd actually still reccomend playing Rollercoaster Tycoon  3 (RCT3). Planet Coaster is a visually amazing game but still just lacking in the same depth of gameplay found in RCT3."
76561198122873900,Recommended,493340,29363319,Posted: 19 January,all,Oogway,Imagine RCT3 but everything you could improve is improved alot.
,Recommended,493340,29384071,Posted: 20 January,all,JoeIsAwesome,Had for less than 24 hours.Played for almost 11 hours.Send help.
,Recommended,493340,29425951,Posted: 22 January,all,Uncle,Amazing game!
76561198103610713,Recommended,493340,29434684,Posted: 22 January,all,Manatee,This game is very fun and has an incredible amount of detail. It's a bit expensive but its worth every penny.
,Recommended,493340,29597365,Posted: 30 January,all,(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧,I love this game! The graphics are just beyond amazing.♥
76561197970569211,Recommended,493340,29598361,Posted: 30 January,all,Orangelander,"An amazing theme park game that oozes charm, joy, and vibrancy. There are substantial customisation options for the layout and themes of the park, down to the placement of individual objects. Fantastic mod support in the community will extend the life of your gameplay and the developers have also promised continued updates. While Planet Coaster does lack detailed tutorials, a few let’s plays on YouTube should fill in the gaps."
76561198173829385,Recommended,493340,29637581,Posted: 1 February,all,Herta,"Have you ever played the 2001 EA title Sim coaster? In my personal opinion this is the waaaaay better and more advanced version of that game. It took me a while to get passed the learning curve but after I did, I had the best time playing. If you love simulations this is another one to add to the collection.Highly recommended."
76561198094021550,Recommended,493340,29662201,Posted: 2 February,all,JanellyBean,"I unfortunately purchased Rollercoaster Tycoon World first...big mistake. This game is leagues above! Everything is fantastic, the background music, and just the simplicity in general in placing rides, and building them and buildings. I love it!!!"
,Recommended,493340,29727988,Posted: 5 February,all,McBubbleGum,It's fun and easy to make a great theme park of your own. It's better then RCTW (roller coaster tycone world)
76561198062052328,Recommended,493340,29731325,Posted: 5 February,all,Saru No Jutsu,16 hours since I finished downloading the game! Awesome and addicting
76561198064939209,Recommended,493340,29735474,Posted: 5 February,all,Unity,"I highly recommend this game! The graphics are just stunning! They leave no surface unattended to! You also have TONS of control over everything! Rides, buildings, staff, etc. I adore this game so far. With several gamemodes, locations and themes to choose from I don't expect to get bored of this game anytime soon."
76561198085231210,Recommended,493340,29746945,Posted: 6 February,all,dvlzgeass,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,493340,29751509,Posted: 6 February,all,tyler,♥♥♥♥
33377799922211177,Recommended,493340,29758873,Posted: 7 February,all,려방남 hellcase.com,Good game
76561198211569917,Recommended,493340,29759432,Posted: 7 February,all,cptmittens117,Great game but I feel like it needs an in game tutorial very badly. Another thing that bugged me was that there isn't a campaign mode that starts from scratch. They have a sandbox mode but you have unlimited resources so park managment is completey irrelevent but these are just my first impressions I've put barely any time into this game.
76561198044478293,Recommended,493340,29777911,Posted: 8 February,all,heartstarter,Awesome game. So much detail and so much to do! The only thing I would say is it gets super framey when you have more than a couple thousand guests in your park
76561198206790124,Recommended,493340,29779925,Posted: 8 February,all,Night Neko,Amazing game :)
,Recommended,493340,29784998,Posted: 8 February,all,GunShow,"What a fun and intuitive game! I've had so much fun playing. Time sink game for sure.. Once you get the hang of creating coasters, it is incredibly addicting. Graphics are fantastic and so many small things you can do to personalize your park, it really makes it yours. With a game like this (and City: Skylines) you get a ridiculously awesome community where modding is unbelievable! I'll be uploading my park soon. I've spent so much time just having fun with minor details of the park. Easiest terrain edit system I've ever used. Only played a small amount of RC Tycoon, but this seems to have it beat in every conceivable way. Can't wait to see where the game goes from here. Worth every penny!10/10    Would create completely unrealistic, physics defying coaster again.."
,Recommended,493340,29791952,Posted: 8 February,all,Quackathulhu,"amazing game, very addictive, highly detailed, great controls, stunning graphics, beautiful soundtrack, I love this game, cannot recommend this game enough! 5 stars."
,Recommended,493340,29792419,Posted: 8 February,all,drumcoaster,"Sometimes the camera can be really difficult. Like, you want to punch a hole in your computer difficult.  But the rest of the game is good enough that it's still worth it.I really wish there was a better controller-to-camera setup, though."
76561198056092780,Recommended,493340,29807775,Posted: 9 February,all,EazySeb,"Having played Thrillville years back, this game brings back those awesome moments of coaster-building and Park Management. Love it!"
,Recommended,493340,29808940,Posted: 9 February,all,Snake756,"I often start playing this game to progress through a challenge missions, then I spend 5 hours building a custom bathroom.This is not a complaint."
,Recommended,493340,29813730,Posted: 9 February,all,_AmDragon_,This game is definately better than RCTW. It plays really well especially when graphics are cranked to max. Overall a very VERY good successor to RCT3. Great Job Frontier!
76561198137781773,Recommended,493340,29840216,Posted: 10 February,all,GrimHarvester,Very fun game
76561198324884241,Recommended,493340,29863578,Posted: 11 February,all,adrianno6994,"it is great game i bought it and I was like OMG this is awesome! it has a bit of a learning curve in the building aspect but u can build like disneyland and even maybe the white house is possible.I recommend it. Its not buggy at all unlike its other twin, RCTW. This is like cities skylines whileRCTW is like SimCity 2013.Though it is fun I think it focuses on detailing too much. It is more of a sandbox park editing software(-ish) than more of a game. It is meant to be a park sim right? How did it become a sandbox editor? I mean if you don't do any detailing you could finish a park in like an hour. (Sandbox-wise)Edit:Now with the summer update it's easier to create specific themes to specific areas! Dang. It was one of the things i disliked(Hard to Create Other Themed Areas) I used to give it 6.5/10 Now?8.5/10. Still bit annoying about the detailing part though, I'd rather want RCT3's grid system."
76561198020762844,Recommended,493340,29875921,Posted: 12 February,all,stevem3bii,it a great game but i hate the moving around it sucks as i cant walk round well
,Recommended,493340,29875991,Posted: 12 February,all,ManBearPig,Wow... If you liked the old Roller Coaster Tycoon games you are going to love this!
,Recommended,493340,29889215,Posted: 12 February,all,Jokes On You,It is the best theme park sim right now
,Recommended,493340,29928545,Posted: 14 February,all,NyanNyanTime,A magnificent game where you express your very own dream theme park. Planet coaster has reminded my memorable childhood and spend my free time playing my various tycoon games. Especially roller-coaster tycoon. So many great memories.Planet tycoon is a step up beyond what I have experienced in roller-coaster tycoon and other tycoon games.I totally recommend this game. It's worth every penny.
76561198347235169,Recommended,493340,29932526,Posted: 14 February,all,Querido,"Way better than RCT World where people walks without moving their legs even in the offical gameplay video.but even though I'm using overclocked Skylake i7 CPU and GTX 1080 with 16GB ram, the game is laggy enough to make me quite stressful."
76561198004701958,Recommended,493340,29932559,Posted: 14 February,all,aileigh,"Barely a Yes --This is NO next gen Roller Coaster Tycoon. It's not even Roller Coaster 3 with better graphics. Instead it is a watered down version of it's predecessor. RCT3 (Roller Coaster Tycoon 3) was a far better game. This game is not a bad game, it's just doesn't improve upon the series from which it draws inspiration. Both Theme Park and Roller Coaster Tycoon games were innovative in their days, but this game just takes the best of those two games and copies it's mechanics on an elementary level. You might think there is so much more to this game if you play it for a an hour or two, but then you realize, there is a somewhat small selection of rides, the customer AI is so simple that it can barely be considered simulation AI pathfinding, and the customization options are scant. My personal sadness, though, is the lack of food stall options and food types. There is the illusion of variety at first, but you realize there are only a few food stall types, customers are happy with whatever you serve, and if you add toppings to things or not doesn't really change anything about your game. It's just in your imagination that you're making a difference when it comes to concession management.It's not easy to make buildings to house the vendors, and building a coaster isn't really that fun or interesting. The environment does feel lacking, and the more I write, the more I think that this game is almost a no. But because I love simulations, and because I love theme parks, the good graphics and community content makes it worth playing from time to time. Keep in mind too that once you have a steady stream of money coming in from your park, there really is no challenge at all. You realize how dull it is just to watch people in your park, as nothing goes wrong and no one seems unsatisfied. This was not true with RCT3, where you constantly felt like you were building. Until this devloper can offer more content, this game kind of reminds me of a vanilla version of the Sims 4 -- an okay base game, but in need of some content to make the game compelling to play for longer than a few hours, and lacking any clear directive other than a sandbox mission or two. I would give this game 6.5 stars out of 10."
,Recommended,493340,29932915,Posted: 14 February,all,EmeraldRacer,This game is way better then every other Roller coaster tycoon that released this year. RCTW Basically flopped once this was announced with the better graphics and nice music and all that but its a demanding game for a Tycoon.
,Recommended,493340,30005932,Posted: 18 February,all,Sculpta,"If youre not someone who loves fiddling with the rotation of a plant pot for 20 minutes then your park's gunna look♥♥♥♥♥♥ pure and simple.Great game, however. on par with rollercoaster tycoon 2... almost. Would reccomend but not for £30!"
,Recommended,493340,30012010,Posted: 18 February,all,Axel,Great mecanics and good gameplay
76561198005102556,Recommended,493340,30015901,Posted: 18 February,all,DanielLiachenko,I just love this game!
76561198282753956,Recommended,493340,30122582,Posted: 23 February,all,Wooley_mammoth,"After reading the terrible reviews for the latest RCT game, most people advised this game would be money better spent. I bought this game at Christmas 2016 and it took me a while to get used to the controls, now that I have I am hooked. The game is really well made, the graphics are pretty and there are so many elements to game play. I really hope they expand planet coaster with some DLC and expansions... SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!"
76561198065312536,Recommended,493340,30127450,Posted: 23 February,all,Shyenne¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Amazing game, very very addicting.. but in a dang good way.Highly recommended!"
76561198242140166,Recommended,493340,30142449,Posted: 24 February,all,antoinedavid,"Being a big fan of RCT1, RCT2 and RTC3, Planet coaster is THE theme park simulations you want to go for. I look forward to  the upcming updates and DLC's"
76561198207736451,Recommended,493340,30514085,Posted: 14 March,all,pimnisters,IT IS A NICE GAME GOOD GRAPHIPS AND NICE DETAIL
,Recommended,493340,30516814,Posted: 14 March,all,xOCuFFyOx,Way Better Then RCT World
,Recommended,493340,30516836,Posted: 14 March,all,Hammer Morty,Did you like RCT3? Get this.Did you like RCT 1 &2? Get ParkitectDo you not know what a GOOD game is? Get RCT World
,Recommended,493340,30520405,Posted: 14 March,all,JHallPHX,"If you are looking to quench your creative, obsessive compulsive, perfectionistic, need-to-move-that-one-pixel-to-the-left, attention to detail driven desires then look no further! Planet Coaster is the ultimate playground for creating anything your insane mind can imagine, and then having the tools to meticulously piece it together in a symphonic assembly of various elements. Oh yeah, and you an ride the roller coasters too :P"
,Recommended,493340,30535828,Posted: 15 March,all,CloudyGiraffe,"Such an addicting game, coasters can be tricky to build to standards though. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,493340,30564827,Posted: 17 March,all,DeJeePlay,Pros:everything!!! Its cool this game can be good for years! Its pretty cheap of you compare to other great games.Only Doenside:internet conection required... I know why. But IT would be cool if you can have at least a option to play offline on a local saved park.
76561198212603941,Recommended,493340,30602431,Posted: 18 March,all,Stampyfann26,This is better than Roller coaster tycoon by 1000000000.And u can have unlimited amount of ROLLER COASTERS. WHAT ELSE IS THERE TO DO THEN THAT
76561198060433211,Recommended,493340,30609301,Posted: 19 March,all,afallenapple,"Planet Coaster is absolutely amazing. I had already purchased RCT World and was holding out hoping it might come around, but I finally decided to pick this up. I am constantly amazed by amount of freedom you get in this game. And to top it off, the pathing system is perfect. You can make smooth curved paths however you want and without having to stuggle with the system to do it."
76561198082030559,Recommended,493340,30615991,Posted: 19 March,all,wmnii,"What an amazing game.  I highly recommend watching all of the tutorial videos because there is a lot you can do that they don't really tell you.  Extremely deep, very challenging, but quite rewarding.My only complaint is that it requires a HELL of a machine to run it well.  I started a Challenge mode park yesterday, and throughout the day, as i added more things to my park, I had to keep turning down the settings.  By the end of the day, I had turned everything as low as it would go, and the framerate makes it basically unplayable.I am running a GEForce GTX 960 with 16 gb of ram, so the machine is a touch older, but I was still surprised at what a beast this game is to run.  Not necessarily a negative point on the game, mind you, just keep in mind that you will need a strong pc or to be satisfied making smaller parks."
,Recommended,493340,30637768,Posted: 20 March,all,Player Games,I love it if you like to have fun you should buy it the price is to low for this game I would say.
,Recommended,493340,30677580,Posted: 22 March,all,Noblesdown,"Great game, excellent modern day RTC."
,Recommended,493340,30687771,Posted: 23 March,all,N1,"very interesting,after watching some POVs of theme park all over the world ,i can make a lot of good coasters"
,Recommended,493340,30717689,Posted: 24 March,all,Chihuahua,Have fun trying to get off it. ;)rollercoaster/10
,Recommended,493340,30726729,Posted: 25 March,all,Yurt,very fun good full on recommend
76561198163132238,Recommended,493340,30739368,Posted: 25 March,all,KnottsGhostTown,OH MY GOSH AMAZING I LOVE THE DISNEY RIDES IN THIS GAME IT AND IT HAS SPLASH MOUNTAIN LOGS! AND THAT IT JUST SO AMAZING WELL DONE FRONTIER YOUR A GREAT COMPANY ALSO I THINK THERE SHOULD BE CALIFORNIA SCREAMIN TRAINS! I LOVE THIS GAME SOO MUCH ALSO IF YA CAN TO HAVE A THING TO BE A RIDE OPERATOR ON A RIDE THAT WILL BE OMG :D
,Recommended,493340,30743772,Posted: 25 March,all,SNL-The_Office,"Created by the geniuses behind RCT 3, Planet Coaster really is the next generation of theme park builders.Tons of customization, workshop support, and gorgeous visiuals show that Frontier know what made the genre great and how to bring it into the next generation.Now all it needs is fireworks and waterparks and I'll be set for another 12 years."
76561198298193486,Recommended,493340,30777375,Posted: 27 March,all,squirrelmonkey93,"At first the controls are a bit weird, but I got the hang of it quit soon.Now I am absloutly adoring this game, and the sharing of creations that come with the workshop. My free sunday gets entirely spend on this one and my bf sometimes misses some attention from me because of it. Luckily he also likes the game and understand my being glued to the screen."
,Recommended,493340,30803462,Posted: 28 March,all,Creepy Ostrich,Pretty fun as a relaxing game to play for a bit after work or school but not something that (I at least) could be addicting and captivating for hours on end. Definately worth it if you can pick it up for like 20-25 bucks or less.
76561198356326640,Recommended,493340,30882810,Posted: 1 April,all,Jimmy Halpert,"This is a great game. Not only does it focus on the coaster building, you can theme your rides unlike games like RCT: 3 or No Limits. Ive'd enjoyed this game so much and even though I only have 57 hours on record and around 2000 on RCT: 3 and 1000 on No Limits, I can definitly say that this is the roller coaster simulator game for all coaster enthusiast. Hopefully all Theme Parks could start using this program to create animations of their new coasters every year."
76561198316632506,Recommended,493340,30899382,Posted: 2 April,all,FactorManTCE,"Planet Coaster is a really fun game, here are the pros and cons.PROS:Great AnimationGreat GraphicsLife-like rides/coastersCustom buildingsThis might sound weird, but people quitting makes it more fun and challenging.Wide variety of everythingCONS:LagWhen I place a coaster, it sometimes dissapearsTerrian growth/decreasement is not the best.That's all!"
,Recommended,493340,31085253,Posted: 11 April,all,- \/G - Woody,Awesome game
,Recommended,493340,31086813,Posted: 11 April,all,Kattalean,"I haven't owned this game long and have 92.9 hrs on record already. This game is addicting and I don't get bored, theres endless possibilities to what you can design."
76561198022495801,Recommended,493340,31106873,Posted: 12 April,all,Barackus,"This game has the best coaster building I've ever seen in a game. You can chain parts together if you like, but if you want more control, you can scale the parts as well, meaning you can create a loop that fits just right in your newly created cave or fancy building.Speaking of buildings, you can create very elaborate scenery, even on your shops. You can then save that particular building as a blueprint, and share them with the world if you like. Conversely, you can use the blueprints of other people and place them in your park. This sharing of rides and scenery greatly enhances the rollercoaster tycoon experience.The park visitors are very lively and cartoony, and have lots of character and personality to them.If you're looking for a good theme park game, look no further."
76561198100157812,Recommended,493340,31312410,Posted: 22 April,all,Mauricoolguy,"This one of those games that i have dreamed of that one day the game will come. Well it did and i was very happy to try out this game, and the fact that it was from frontier developers made me trust them even more becuase in the past they were good at making some tycoon games. And well i will be dammed this is one of those games that have to win a award for one of the best sandbox game. This game is so perfectly made and was made with care, was not rushed. This game is just amazing with the rides to the coter i have to say that this is one of the best game i have played in 2016-2017. So go build your park!"
,Recommended,493340,31336699,Posted: 24 April,all,King2uk,"Amazing Game, keep the content coming!"
76561197968090715,Recommended,493340,31367041,Posted: 25 April,all,Mailman,"I was going to get this game when it was on sale and was disapointed I missed it.  A week later I bought it full price, hoping I wouldn't regret it.  Well, I will say this... I am NOT disapointed!  This game is really good.  I am a CitySkylines fan, and this is comparable in the quality.  It is not perfect but nothing is.Pros:Great graphicsYour imagination is the game.  build literally anything!search option and filters for parts your looking for is greatthe music fits the type of game perfectly.relax and enjoy!Cons;the path tool sucks.. period.  they could have borrowed from cityskylines road tool for thisthe controls are a bit complex at 1st, but you will get the hang of them (not really a con, just a learning curve)(also not a con) there is a TON of elements to use in this game..  I WANT MORE!!  more animatronics would be nice!If you like relaxing, build what ever you like games, this is a MUST!  Its good for all ages though the complexity of controls would make me think it's for teens and up."
76561198058830100,Recommended,493340,31529112,Posted: 3 May,all,chrisp5643,This game is awesome.
76561197963421307,Recommended,493340,31543113,Posted: 4 May,all,B.,RCT 4
76561198048455647,Recommended,493340,31561187,Posted: 5 May,all,JC,"This game is pretty awesome, to say the least! I think it's the best theme park game currently out there and will be for a good while.For the most part, it's a building game with some basic elements of management (taking care of staff, admission/ride/shop prices, security, marketing, etc.) If you're creative and into building things and decorating your park, then you can let your imagination go at it for hours! If not, then there are over 100,000 Workshop building and coasters as well as a few in-game items that you can use to build up your park.I would recommend this game to anyone who is creative and likes casual sim/building games."
76561198049881535,Recommended,493340,31627215,Posted: 8 May,all,LvGhost,"I really like the atmosphere in this game, all the joy and happiness. The first great impression is the music, quite brings us to the park. The scenary is beautiful, the first person view is vivid. And I really enjoy building a happy park with my on design, earning money, upgrade facilities and invest more money to invite more people. Awesome game, this is exactly what I am looking for, this is the essence of a game."
76561198384016235,Recommended,493340,31692366,Posted: 11 May,all,Riahpe04,I love Planet Coaster! I like how you can build your own park and also visit other peoples parks. Best game of the year. BUT ive had it almost 2 months and it keeps crashing
76561198072348808,Recommended,493340,31701877,Posted: 12 May,all,xanderun,"Have been a fan of Rollercoaster Tycoon since it's very first version. Thrilled at times and disappointed at later versions, I'm addicted to the game so stuck with it. I even bought the latest Rollercoaster Tycoon World and it was fair at best. So, going through Steam last week I saw Planet Coaster and thought...""somebody else's disappointing version of RCT"". LOL Because I love the ""build it and they will come"" genre, I had a weak moment and bought Planet Coaster. All I can say is...""Rollercoaster Tycoon World, you're a dead duck in the water!""  Planet Coaster is amazing, graphics stunning (and I have a bottom of the line machine several years old), gameplay smooth and effortless!"" Planet Coaster I am now your #1 fan and looking forward to future versions/upgrades/enhancements! Buy this one folks...you WILL NOT be disapppointed!"
76561198365311996,Recommended,493340,31823356,Posted: 18 May,all,Bon Voyage Me Old Cream Cracker,Very good for people that like tycoons and are creativeGood for the money as well
,Recommended,493340,31825142,Posted: 18 May,all,chap,"(-)a few flaws (looking underground, work roasters, mechanics,...)the latest security update was ""meh""the campaign is relative easy(+)designs, designs, blueprints, designs, designscreation of tracksshop (eat, drink, ...)better research implementingoverall: a great followup to rct33/5 stars"
,Recommended,493340,31832252,Posted: 18 May,all,InnocentOrange,Planet Coaster is an awesome sandbox game with tons of features! I would recommend it for sure! It's a great game to play when your internet goes down or you are feeling bored/lonely. In conclusion I love this game and I think you will too!!! :D
76561198178097346,Recommended,493340,31833338,Posted: 18 May,all,ashragge30,i love the game its amzing and awsome its so cool get!
76561198245739020,Recommended,493340,33334419,Posted: 6 July,all,mcljames93,"Absolutely recommend this game, if you at all enjoyed the Roller Coaster Tycoon 1-2-3  franchise, or enjoy games like cities skylines. It's extremely creative and open ended. It has some minor issues, but overall the devs hae done a fantastic job at making the entire system easy, yet extremely versatile. Your limit is your imagine, time and performance level of your computer.I can see this game being one of many playing hours and I hope it gets more DLC /expansions. Not a terrible downside, it could do with more base stuff. Sure you can create quite an array of items but often it can be tedious and look repititious without careful placement. More rides too.It really would benefit from modding however.It's an absolute joy to play with great graphics and attention to detail."
76561198038285135,Recommended,493340,33354996,Posted: 7 July,all,DarkShadow14,"Oh man what a great successor of Rollercoaster Tycoon brand, I was fool that I did not buy this game way earlier. Real ingame managment took me aproximately half an hour but total gameplay including building all the sceneries around stalls and rides nearly 6 hours. So if you hesitate that price is too much even when it is not on sale, I recommend it, it pays off."
76561198160582494,Recommended,493340,26736112,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Mdgaming,"This game is pretty damn amazing, there are awesome looking graphics and gameplay.pros:-beautiful graphics- awesome art style- loads of costumization(you can spend hours making a coaster housing)- amazing music and in game audio- great coaster editor- amazing terain editorcons:- pretty intense to run( i have my 960 overclocked like hell to even get 20 fps when im near water rides)- as said before, water rides make your fps drop like crazy for some reason- weird audio glitching( have music and then 1 or 2 sec nothing and then its back- crashes quitte a lot for me- not great managmentconlcusion:For me the game is really worth it, and i am kinda adicted to. but you dont want to buy this game just for the management stuff, since that isnt really implemented that well. overall its just a game that makes you happy."
,Recommended,493340,26744168,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Bloody WANKER,"Worked for like 2 hours on a crazy♥♥♥♥♥rollercoaster with loops and♥♥♥♥♥♥that goes through, above or below almost any other ride in the park, fear and nausea ratings were so high that not a single guest would even come near it, don't care at all because I ride it myself on first person mode even if those goofy♥♥♥♥♥AI guests won't.10/10 would disregard the park objectives all over again."
,Recommended,493340,33360392,Posted: 7 July,all,✪StangTharax,"Very good game for about 2 month, then you realize it becomes bland, and very repeatable.8/10"
76561198023029384,Recommended,493340,33361680,Posted: 7 July,all,tigersmoondiva,So much fun.  So much better than Roller Coaster Tycoon
76561198308607284,Recommended,493340,33370136,Posted: 8 July,all,harry,"Pros:-Endless possiblilties on what you want to create-Many coaster types-The recent introduction of fireworks and billboards provide an excellent opportunity to get creative-Realistic looking characters-A great game for management (staff, guests, finances etc.)-The coasters are simple to make and can be made into any shapes with as many loops as you wish-The steam workshop can be used to gain access to the creations made by the community to add extra detail to your park-Buildings can easily be made-Many different options for shops (8 food, 8 drink, 3 gifts)-A wide selection of different themes are included (pirate, fairytale, festive, western, sci-fi)-Wide range of scenery options such as trees, rocks and bushes.-Animatronics add an interactive feel to the parks (moving pirates etc.)-Everything is free (except the actual game of course) Every update so far has been free.Cons:-Requires a decent computer and graphics card-Controls are hard to understand when you first play. (they become much easier to understand as you play)-More themes would be good (e.g. spooky, adventure, modern, classic, egyptian, aztec)-Assistant managers should be introduced so that players who prefer to create rather than manage can assign management jobs to the assistant. (e.g. managing wages, finances)Overall I would definitely recommend this game to anybody who loves simulation games, management games, theme parks and more.My Rating: 10/10"
76561198061034555,Recommended,493340,26649092,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TheDude,I love this game but i turend up the text size all the way an now i can't play becasue the text consumes my scree. I can't reach the button to turn it back. SEND HELP
76561197965510633,Recommended,493340,26882545,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NanoCube,"This game is great, like RCT, however there are not many vendors for food and drink, it's quite limited right now"
,Recommended,493340,26883932,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Boobytrap Cunningsnatch,"This is a great game, but if you're not one with a creative mind - Grab it on sale. This game really lays a focus on creativity."
,Recommended,493340,26977488,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phantom,A slight drop in frames when viewing a park with a lot in it (but maybe because of my PC) But overall a great game where it makes me want to visit my park
76561198112037188,Recommended,493340,27045052,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bob,This game is fantastic on my new PC with a Nvidia 1080 card.
,Recommended,493340,27059017,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Devastat3,Mindless fun and a great enjoyable way to pass the time.
,Recommended,493340,27069429,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Netaro,If you liked Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 then you're gonna love this! It's amazing.
,Recommended,493340,27201821,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,InCryosleep,"Fantastic continuation to RCT3, still has some bugs, but overall a blast to play."
,Recommended,493340,27203835,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,o_oli,"Everything you would want from a theme park sim. The UI is really well designed, so even more complex tasks are made easy and are quick to find, and with the building itself you can keep things basic with pre-designed items or build your park brick by brick. The level of detail is truly impressive and you would expect it to run a lot worse than it does with thousands of items and thousands of people on screen."
,Recommended,493340,27344017,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bandlero,"This is the game that Atari'sRollerCoaster Tycoon Worldshould have been and isn't; brought to you by the people who madeRollerCoaster Tycoon 3, the originalZoo Tycoon, andCoaster Crazy.  Avoid the Atari game (unless it goes on sale for 90% off) and go straight for this one by Frontier Developments.  Where Atari dropped the ball, Frontier Developments succeeds and wins.Planet Coasteris superior in every regards to the other game; it runs (smoother) on weaker computers; it uses less cpu/gpu resources; it has a lot less bugs; it has a lot more content; and it is generally a more enjoyable and playable game.I own and play both both the Atari game (I pre-ordered, then was granted early access, etc) andPlanet Coaster, and, hands down, I thinkPlanet Coasteris superior to the Atari game in every aspect.Planet Coasterwill be the Coaster-sim everyone remembers fondly.  The Atari game will become a lesson they teach would-be programmers in University on what not to do and how not to do it.  Now thatPlanet Coasteris out, I haven't touched the Atari game and won't even look back.Planet Coasteris everything that the Atari game is not; from a company that is everything that Atari is not.Planet Coasterwill run and is very playable on computers that only or barely meet the minimum system requirements.  I have tested and played it on a computer that actually has slightly less than the minimum and the game still runs smoothly and problem-free; however, do note that the game starts to run a little slower and your GPU will stuggle slightly at night-time when it tries to render all of the individual light sources (you can force the game to run only at specific times of day in-game to prevent the day-night cycle.)  The game will use 50% or more of your RAM; on systems with 8 GB you will easily see 80% or more usage but the game will run smoothly even with a few programs still open on your computer.  This game definately benefits from more memory in a computer; especially when swapping between open windws.  On multiple monitor computers, this game does benefit from higher memory GFX cards.  The game and graphics are very playable and acceptable on the minimum, lowest settings; and the visuals on maximum settings are beautiful.I could write a long review espousing what I believe to be the positives of this game, but we all have different things we enjoy.  Instead I will list the negatives about this game: it has DRM and it is on Steam.  Software shouldn't come with DRM anymore these days - especially when it's a game being distributed through Steam.  The DRM doesn't make sense and just adds more overhead to the game.  Having Steam integrated with the game (and launching the game) adds the issues and problems of Steam to the game.  Steam can cause the game to be slow to launch; will fail to sync your saved games with the cloud; etc.  You will experience the usual Steam problems when playing this game."
,Recommended,493340,27429631,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Divided,Spent 2 hours making the entrance <3Could sit there for hours just listening to the music10/10
,Recommended,493340,27541294,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kyōko,roller coaster tycoon premium gold platium hd 2016 editioni like it
76561198006934439,Recommended,493340,27585431,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bleuren,"The game is very fun so far, considering that it is still in development. Reminds me a lot of RollerCoaster Tycoon an what I wanted in that game. It also reminds me of what I miss from RollerCoaster Tycoon, which hopefully will get addressed.Things that are awesome:- Rollercoaster Camera- Infiniate amount of people and personalityThings that need work:- Lack of diversity and personality in workers- Park Management is basicOverall I reccomend the game in the Beta as it stands now."
,Recommended,493340,27616572,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,bat,10/10 would ride again!!
76561198009301111,Recommended,493340,27716113,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Baku,"Best rollercoaster tycoon sim available, although it desperately needs a better management system in place."
,Recommended,493340,27743948,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,slutten,2fun4me
,Recommended,493340,27773417,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cartman,"great game as it is, too less content though. still possible to waste tons of hours in it."
,Recommended,493340,27781834,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Danpai,The Game is great so much creativity if u want rollercoaster tycoon back dont get world get planet coaster i own both and this game is much better truly the better sequel to roller coaster tycoon 3
,Recommended,493340,27783601,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sasq13,I have been playing this and loving it. They have made it complex but simple.
,Recommended,493340,27792550,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,vengy2005,"This game is everything you expected from the new Roller Coaster Tycoon game, and more.Very custimsable, Graphics are amazing and the team have done a fantastic job of putting everything we know and love from the old roller coaster tycoon games into one lovely place.The Frontier guys have made the right choice separating from Atari and letting their creative juices flowing.*Standing ovation* *Clapping* Well done Guys..  Well done."
,Recommended,493340,27824052,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CiP.TK,Spectacular. You can lose yourself for hours.
,Recommended,493340,31079721,Posted: 11 April,all,Cookiebrox,"The best sucsessor to RollerCoaster Tycoon there is.Steady stream of new content, and tons of user created content available."
76561198074827819,Recommended,493340,32830058,Posted: 26 June,all,Recycle Bin,"This game is amazing, starting from graphics to endless creativity is just superb. 3D contents are well created that it actually felt like the real world. having addiction of this game since purchase."
,Recommended,493340,33359398,Posted: 7 July,all,Gopnik,Fun
76561198398581716,Recommended,493340,32790780,Posted: 25 June,all,NateTheGreat,"I have previously goten the game, Rollercoaster tycoon 3, and the grafics suck, the game has barely any coasters, decorations, well, its 2017, and now we got a knock off of the game. Thanks. I needed this game, and for me, im addicted to minecraft, but now this game. BUY IT"
,Recommended,493340,33766170,Posted: 24 July,all,APlayz08,Nice graphics and fun gameplay.
76561198044008833,Recommended,493340,33757453,Posted: 23 July,all,Perry the Platypus,Such a great game keep up great work to the people making this you rock and you can be so creative in the game
76561198255532745,Recommended,493340,33759485,Posted: 23 July,all,belders,I loved this game because it feels so realistic and because you can build some amazzing stuff with it with no trouble.I also like that you can watch the ride from any angles including first person!This game is amazzing and I would have not got through my tough year at school without it!So I recommend it to every one even adults because loads of people like it and it is truely a fun game!
76561198229139812,Recommended,493340,33758710,Posted: 23 July,all,Mineman Lets Plays,This game is really fun to play. I really like making my own theme park. Defidently recommend this game
,Recommended,493340,33503375,Posted: 13 July,all,Zitto,A fantastic theme park building game. The devs are great and they frequently add content for free! It's nice to see considering most developers and major corperations charge for so much dlc that should be in the base game at launch.You can literally make your dream theme park in this game
,Recommended,493340,33813989,Posted: 26 July,all,eXadrian,"This is the true successor to Rollercoaster Tycoon, this game is simply amazing. It is a modern theme park creator that has a great level of detail with the rides, shops and theming. There are a lot of rides to choose from, and new ones are still coming with the various free updates the game gets. The park management aspect is also very solid and if you have played previous RCT games also very familiar.  The Steam Workshop integration is a very helpful additions as well, there are a lot of great community build attractions, shops and scenery that you can add. But you can ofcourse build your own stuff as well and share with others very easily.If you like tycoon games, city builders and that sort of games this game is definitely one you have to get.Pros:- it looks great- A good variety and number of rides (and still increasing)- Coaster builder- Theming and building- Steam workshop integration- Good number of scenarios (Story mode, challenge mode and sandbox)- Good sounds and music (you can also add your own music to the game)Cons:- Like many other games of this type the performance can deteriorate over time as your park and guests increases- Advanced controls are a little awkward to use"
76561198052089419,Recommended,493340,33768695,Posted: 24 July,all,Squishyme,"Love it. Graphics, ease of use, variety of rides etc. Im not keen on the 'popularity' of the rides dying off so quick. I mean... rides at UK themeparks are largely the same as 10 years ago and they still are all very popular. Realism would be nice in that respect."
,Recommended,493340,26707351,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,наdос,Cute game but no depth
,Recommended,493340,30322603,Posted: 4 March,all,Theme Park Magic,"This game is great! I have spent multiple hours on this game just fiddling with some mechanics, rollercoasters, flat rides and water/plants! The game lets you express you'r creativity till' your hearts content. If you have £30 and you're bored of the games you own now, this game is definately great for killing time and stress. My favourite aspect is how realistic it is and how you can ride your rollercoasters in 1st person as if you're literally there!Conclusion:Buy it! It's fun and absolutely breathtaking! However, if your computer is on it's death bed or it just can't take the lag, sadly it is not for you."
,Recommended,493340,27276519,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nakupenda91,Like what literally everyone else is saying; ignore that other roller coaster game. Much love to the devs and all their hard work to make the community happy.
,Recommended,493340,33783250,Posted: 25 July,all,raykiercegoodgames,WONDERFUL!I always wanted a completely updated version of a coaster tycoon game and they delivered it!Everything is completely custom and you can create almost anything (well within realistic expectation)Ive only played about 2 hours so far and I can say that Im excited to see what comes out nextEasy interface to learn and lots of detail for making anything you want workA little quirky but not enough to make it unrealisticBrings me back to when I was a kid playing RCT but much much moreNo complaints yet!I have a request to the creators thoughIve been waiting more so for a updated zoo style tycoon game for a very long timeIf only one could come out almost like this one...WOULD MAKE ME THE HAPPIEST MAN IN THE WORLD xDTHANKSKeep up the good work!
,Recommended,493340,26666359,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,JizzLe o'So LiTTy,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic
,Recommended,493340,26666354,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Tyrfang,"Finally, a worthy successor to the original RCT!"
,Recommended,493340,33793994,Posted: 25 July,all,joeld,AWESOME!
,Recommended,493340,26652447,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,LAWD FRIEZA,"I'm absolutely in love with this game. I grew up with Roller Coaster Tycoon and was very disappointed with the recent Roller Coaster Tycoon World (shame on you Atari). This is probably the best Amusement Park Sim ever made. My only issue with it so far is that it seems like it's too easy to make money. In past games, you had to manage the park more strategically. But this can easily change with future patches, or a Hard Mode. I've really just scrathced the surface of the game. Gonna definitely pour in hours this weekend. But so far, I'm loving it and recommend everyone to check out this game. Also, No Man's Sky is horrible. Just going to add that to the end of every Steam review I make."
,Recommended,493340,28913256,Posted: 1 January,all,"Balloonicorn, Jr.","I cannot put into words how excited I was for Rollercoaster Tycoon World. I loved RCT 3, and many tycoon games of the genre. The management genre as a whole is something I've always loved, and always will.But when RCT:W failed, it was a huge turn-off. Cue Planet Coaster, probably the greatest current-gen Theme Park Management Simulator. The game has many, many things to do that are virtually unlimited-- all within the powers of your imagination.If you're like me, you have a dream entertainment park. Someplace that has everything you've always wanted, rides you'd love to go on, shops that sell bits and baubles that you can bring back for friends. If you're like me, you can make it in Planet Coaster.I cannot reccommend this game enough. If you like the genre, this game is for you. Similar games include Cities: Skylines, Scribblenauts Unlimited, and most other Tycoon games out there. If these games appeal to you, you're sure to love this one."
76561198083359863,Recommended,493340,34059494,Posted: 6 August,all,BrianyBrian,good game!
,Recommended,493340,27115272,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KAASGEELHEID,"This game brings me back to my youth where I could play games like The Sims 2 and RCT1 for days on end without stopping.I've heard from sources that the managment is mediocre, but to be honest, I don't know.I started with a sandbox map and now I'm 30 hours in, still on my first sandbox map. The creative options are endless.Okay I wrote this review for the Steam Awards badge but that doesn't make it any less honest."
,Recommended,493340,26652436,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Marca,"Have played this since yesterday (pre ordered with the thriller pack) and i have been enjoying every second i have been on my PC playing. Love the graphics even at low (using a GTX 960 4GB overclocked with +1000 for better exsperience when playing and watching vids on youtube). When i saw this game in the early alpha days i wanted to buy it, but it was a bit too exxpensive then so i waited til yesterday apperently (just came up with the idea of buying it on the buss to my school, lol, i even started the download on the buss, a desktop pc). I even got my friend to play it, he said ""Oh those graphics tho, i'm seriously gonna play this game"". If you could make your own ""Flat Rides"", the game would be a lot cooler and a lot more customizable and more creativity. Hope this game does well in the future, and i will play this a lot!"
76561198178405607,Recommended,493340,26647513,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BlackMenaceSko 🌙,Wow. Just Wow.
76561198114673844,Recommended,493340,26948306,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SimManiac (Alex),"Amazing game! The depth, level of detail, graphics, management and design in this game are incedible. While I do think the game needs some improvements in some areas especially performance as well as more scenery and building objects, it is truly a great game. This is the future of simulation games and a model they should all look at."
,Recommended,493340,26785369,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xTenebrous,"I bought this to build rollercoasters, but I spend more time building junk instead"
76561198354669803,Recommended,493340,34019241,Posted: 4 August,all,TheRyanGamingShow,This game is amazing its so much better then RCT3 yu can extend the track and its more realistic!!! get this game its amazing!!!!!
,Recommended,493340,34016155,Posted: 4 August,all,*TOP CAT*,"Must say I am *VERY* impressed by this games content with at the customization that you can do with you're creativity to bring your imagination to almost realization. I love the updates for this game thus far and the endless possibilities are limitless almost to what you can make happen in the game. I would highly recommend this game to the community & fans of the classic *Rollercoaster Tycoon"" series when the evolution began with customizing your very own *Theme Park* I give this game the highest rating!*TOP CAT*"
,Recommended,493340,32580019,Posted: 19 June,all,lintroller,Enjoyable experience
,Recommended,493340,34128742,Posted: 9 August,all,Storxm,"UPDATE: REBOUGHT YOLOSwiftly Refunded.This game looked so cool, and the game itself is amazing, I have nothing to comment on there.The Frame Rate however, is just unbearable.I don't want to have to 'Limit' my park due to FPS, the limitation alone is so frustarting.I will rebuy if they better optmize the game, and before kids whine about it being optimized, you have a titan X so shut the ♥♥♥♥ up.SPECS:GIGABYTE GTX 1060 6GB G1 GAMING EDITIONI5-7600K @ 3.8GHZ16GB DDR4 RAM"
76561198114706557,Recommended,493340,34305883,Posted: 17 August,all,GoldenFlame,"Well Made Game! I hope more contents like zoo, water park gonna updated. Also, more new players cause this is really awesome. Thanks a lot!"
76561198040098557,Recommended,493340,26671775,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Haybale64,Ok i started playing this thinking that there was not much content. But man i was wrong the steam workshop offers more content than i thought possible not only that but the overall look and feeling of playing this game is so enjoying you can see that they took there time with the game. The only bad thing about the game is that if you have no internet you can not access the steam workshop so add more content to the base of the game as it would be good for people that can not or don't want to use the steam workshop. Overall if you add more coontent to the base of the game and  optimise it a bit better then this would be a even more Awesome game. 8 /10 for creating the most uniquie rollercoast tycoon game and bringing it back.
,Recommended,493340,33090769,Posted: 1 July,all,Sherboffy,I put at least 200 hours into Tycoon 3.And I plan to put even more into this one.10/10
76561198152676852,Recommended,493340,31644286,Posted: 9 May,all,xXRedBaronXx,"If you like to create amusement parks and manage it, or just use pure creativeness  this game does it all the limit is only the sky!Amazing game 10/10"
76561198042892836,Recommended,493340,26650665,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nicky_,This game reminds me of my birthday in grade 3. I Can see myself when I first got Rollercoaster Tycoon 3. Little did I know I would be still playing that game 10 years later to this date. That game started my love for rollercoasters around the world leading to purchases of no limits and other building games and a seasons pass for many years at my local theme park (Canada’s wonderland). I was constantly waiting for another installment in the series that I loved so much and when they announced RCTW I thought we had a breakthrough in the genre. Unfortunately the game turned out be to a disaster and it didn’t truly represent what rollercoaster tycoon fans wanted in a game.Planet coaster was later announced and right away knowing who was publishing and developing I knew we had the game I’ve always wanted. I have been waiting for this game for 10 years and it is a master piece. I rarely go out of my way to review a game but this deserves a 10/10! Just an amazing game!Thank you to the team who made this dream come true!
76561198004624794,Recommended,493340,26666006,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nightstalker,Can't say enough good things about this game. The true RCT successor.
,Recommended,493340,33019073,Posted: 29 June,all,SilenT_Jealousy,ผมเป็นคนไม่ชอบเกมส์แนวนี้ซักเท่าไหร่แต่เกมส์นี้เปลี่ยนความคิดผมได้ ลองเล่นดูครับ สนุกจริง
,Recommended,493340,32942878,Posted: 28 June,all,TheGoldenGod,"Leaves modern day RCT in the gutter, great game"
,Recommended,493340,32862480,Posted: 27 June,all,Rt. Hon. Sekonda McPikey,"I rarely write reviews but Planet Coaster deserves its credit.The best, not one of, THE BEST, Rollercoaster/Theme Park design game ever. Absolutely stunning creations are possible and the only limit is your imagination. They keep dropping thick expansion packs pumping new rides and high quality tools and building options every few months and it's ABSOLUTELY FREE.You can tell the design team in charge of this from Frontier are in love with the game, I feel like this is their proudest achievement.100% totally recommended, amazing game especially for casual play."
76561198033965042,Recommended,493340,26664831,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Noname117,"My Honest ReviewThis game has had me going between ""This is such a great game! I'm so glad they made this"" and ""Why is that not in the game?"" I'll try explaining why by talking about the different aspects of the game.Audio and GraphicsI would say that the graphical quality of the game is good. Personally I don't see it as too much to write home about, being what I'd expect from a big budget game in 2016, but it definitely has blown all other theme park building and management games out of the water graphics-wise.The audio is absolutely fantastic and is right now my second favorite improvement from Roller Coaster Tycoon 3. I was livestreaming this game on my twitch channel(https://www.twitch.tv/noname117sporefor any of you at all interested) one day (yesterday at the time of writing this review). I was riding one of the steel coasters (forget what type; I had like 2-3 in the park at that time) when one of the people in my chat said that the sounds were fantastic. I said ""that's nothing"" and proceeded to ride one of the wooden coasters I had in the park. The chain lift hill sounds are fantastic! The going-down-a-drop sounds are fantastic! The going-over-a-hill sounds are fantastic! The entire sound design of the coasters in this game (especially the woodies) is just fantastic! Riding coasters is extremely fun!OptimizationThere definitely seem to be some optimization issues with the game. On the previously mentioned livestream the game lagged hard enough that it actually cut my OBS connection for a minute or two, where the screen froze up to the point where it was a frame every 20 seconds or so. That park has several coasters in it and a couple of them do have a good deal of scenery (though I don't think its ridiculous amounts like some coasters I've seen). I just checked on the park again and the issues still persisted, though they did go away after 30 seconds or so. Framerate for me seems to typically be between 40  and 20 fps, depending on how much is loaded and which way I am facing. A bit low, but still playable.Of course, I have my graphics on ""high,"" so maybe my gpu and cpu are better suited for ""medium"" graphics.ControlsThe controls of the game take a little getting used to, and some stuff (such as station pieces and speed options for brakes and lift hills) is a little hidden away, but you do get used to themCoaster/Scenery BuildingThis is the best part of the game. The improvements in sound, which I very heavily praised above, don't even compare to the improvements in these aspects.Coaster building in this game allows for far greater fine-tuning than in, say, RTC-3. The previous system where it feels like you are building a coaster from a limited set of pieces is gone and instead you get a new system where you can lengthen and shorten each piece and fine control how much a piece banks and/or pitches (Or you can have angle-snap on and make it a little more similar to the old system, while still offering more control and more fine-tuning). You can design your own custom inversions. You can adjust the banking and heights of hills and dips of already placed pieces, along with adjusting their corse a bit. And you have smooth tools which allow you to create a much smoother track from one which you didn't design as well. All of this allows the player to customize their roller coaster tracks far more than in other similar games.Scenery building is also much improved. Buildings are still a bit gridlocked (but more so to each other or to whatever shop or ride they are attached to), but you do get a lot of options as to how high to raise walls and floors and such, and you can indeed have multiple walls and pillars and floors clip into each other. However, other pieces of scenery can be placed just about anywhere, dragged around with move keys to just about anywhere, and rotated to just about whatever angle you want. You also get various types of special effects to place down wherever you want, and these effects (along with animated objects) can be set to be triggered by coasters when they pass over a certain point on the track.Terrain sculpting is also easy and malleable, with a very easy ability to create tunnels and rough hills and mountains and such. Unfortunately there does not seem to be any waterfalls yet (though I'm not saying you couldn't create one with effects), but I don't think that really detracts from the experience.Although there are in some cases less paint options for some rides (say, there is only 1 color which can be changed for the track of wooden roller coasters while RTC 3 and 2 both allowed 2 color options), you can paint stuff in essentially whatever color you want in planet coaster. And I do believe most building walls and floors and roofs have several color options, along with coaster cars (coaster tracks seems to be the only areas where color options have actually decreased). And there are signs. Signs which you can fully color and decide what text gets displayed on them. And I do believe the game contains colored lights as well.Coaster TypesThis is the part of the game which makes me exclaim ""Why is that not included in the game?!"" and ""Why isn't there a generic coaster of this type?"" First of all, unless I'm somehow blind, you only get 1 car choice for each roller coaster. There are 2 different types of cars for the Giga coaster, the Hyper coaster, and the inverted coaster, but you can't change the type of cars a coaster uses once you have placed it down. There are 28 types of car in total for the 25 types of coaster the game has right now. And a lot of those cars are themed.Now let me say something about theming. Theming a roller coaster car makes it look great when it is used in a situation it is meant to be used for and out-of-place in every other situation, while a generic car style works fine in most situations with a good coating of paint.A large number of the game's coaster types have themed cars and lack generic ones. If you want a free-swing coaster it has to have a pelican carrying mail on top of it. If you want to have a junior coaster it must be a caterpillar or dragon. If you want a wing coaster which isn't launched you must have a hawk on the top of the car. If you want a hydraulically launched coaster it must be themed as a racecar. If you want a hybrid coaster you must use a hot-rod style car or a car which has a giant lit up ""M"" on the front of it and looks a little castle-y. And if you want to have a gosh-darn looping coaster (commonly called a corkscrew coaster in older RTCs) with those nice looking arrow dynamics type corkscrew coaster cars, then you have to have the words ""American Arrow"" on the front along with some stripy decals unless you give up the majority of your color options to paint the entire darn train the same color. And even then you'll still see the word ""liberty"" on each side of the car.As you can very much see this is my biggest gripe about the game. The constantly themed cars being the only choices for roller coasters makes those types of rollercoasters less malleable in terms of decoration choices.Another problem is that there are gaps in the coaster tree. There is no hanging coaster which can be launched. The single-rail coaster is the only sit-down unthemed non-wing coaster to be able to fully invert? And it seems to be impossible to have a coaster travel through a station multiple times on the same trip. Or to have a coaster with 2 stations.Other ridesThe number of rides and track rides is a bit small for my liking, but enough to get the job done.Park ManagementSeemed pretty standard to meMy RecomendationThis is a good game, but it needs just a little more time in the oven before it becomes what I hoped it would be, after being partially let down by a few bad decisions. I still recommend it though."
,Recommended,493340,34190915,Posted: 12 August,all,Herbert West,Builds coasters that are designed to kill peopleGets 5 Stars
,Recommended,493340,34095320,Posted: 7 August,all,aidanjong,"This is an amazin game with great visuals. Compared to what else is out there *cough* RCT: World *cough*, this is a fun, complex simulation game."
,Recommended,493340,34229784,Posted: 13 August,all,Vulpes,"This game seems to look great, perform great, and still seems to have a decent simulation. It really takes me back to my forgotten memories of roller coaster tycoon, but this one seems much more convincing visually. For my first few hours I hardly noticed any odd behavior of any editor items, but as I continued into more advanced edits some of the errors seem to show. If you're playing on a tough difficulty these errors might end up costing you. Some mechanics can be pretty weird to sort out and understand, but even now some seem to be broken. For instance a vendor complaining he is not busy, but his store seems to continually be full. I've played this as just chilling out and making a park, and for that this game seems to be great."
,Recommended,493340,26647595,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Identitools,Roller Coaster Tycoon World is a joke next to this gem
,Recommended,493340,26764169,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Combustible,"It brings me back the feeling of playing RCT2 in youth, great work absolutely!"
,Recommended,493340,31517723,Posted: 2 May,all,SamWell,An awesome game with tons of new content continuosly coming out! Definetely worth a buy!
76561198267869583,Recommended,493340,33858310,Posted: 28 July,all,SMOKES,"great game, theme park next gen, i love it"
76561198012580524,Recommended,493340,27163233,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spyro,You can literally design your own toilets
76561198002678120,Recommended,493340,26754832,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ozzyturk88,"The game looks great, sounds great and brings back great memories of childhood games. It feels like alot of love has gone into this, which is not that common in games these days. This is a fantastic game and would recomend!"
,Recommended,493340,26756333,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Ücxb,"This game is amazing. It is the true Roller Coaster Tycoon 4. The graphics are amazing, it's fun, the UI is delicious and easy to consume, it's easy to learn, and it's a fun experience, if you aren't very creative, however, you may not like it."
,Recommended,493340,26750527,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,SaucyMarshmallow,I am having an absolute blast with this game.  The visuals are spectacular and the game play is top notch.  So many little nuances that make this game enjoyable.  Highly recommend this game.
76561198060791875,Recommended,493340,34702311,Posted: 2 September,all,TheManFromThere,"Planet Coaster is one of the best and maybe the best sandbox game I have ever played. If you love to create theme parks this game gives you the tools to create your very own park exactly the way you want it. Now to be clear it won't be easy to make your park if you have a Universal style park in mind, but it's very possible to do. The best part of this game is that the devs actually listen and are constantly working and updating this game. Planet Coaster has earned my Nickelodeon's Kid Choice Award and the developers have earned my respect."
,Recommended,493340,26668247,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Xel'Naga.CN,Best simulator of themes park !!!!
76561198041341259,Recommended,493340,26751211,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,The Director,"The true spiritual successor to RCT2. Worth spending a few minutes in the workshop subscribing to collections. Hopefully they'll add modding support like they hinted at to increase the divesity of rides, and add a scenario editor for more prebuilt park challenges. But you'll easily get 30 hours out of the campaign before even touching the challenge parks, sandbox or player built sandbox parks.More in depth management would also be nice and the ability to pin and move multiple windows like the original games, but these are minor things and you quickly adapt."
,Recommended,493340,26751268,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,D0m1n1c6,Fun game. Probably the best simulater game ive played. challenge mode is very hard
,Recommended,493340,26751285,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,FREDSTER,What a great game. nuff said.
,Recommended,493340,26755131,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,RzrsS,"This review was written forPressa2join.comhttp://pressa2join.com/reviews/planet-coasterPlanet Coaster: PC [Reviewed]Developer: Frontier DevelopmentsPublisher: Frontier DevelopmentsRelease Date: 17 November 2016Price: £29.99 [Disclosure: Game Copy Provided by Developer/Publisher]Remember the year 1999? It was the year Atari first introduced Rollercoaster Tycoon into our lives; playing Frontier Developments latest simulation title Planet Coaster, a spiritual successor to Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 left me with a nostalgic feeling and is further evidence of how far gaming has come since its introduction 17 years ago. Released into Steam Early Access earlier this year and now fully released on PC, Planet Coaster is a deep simulator game that revolves around building and managing a theme park. Like Rollercoaster Tycoon, Planet Coaster puts you in the shoes of a theme park owner with various game modes, each with a different level of challenge to quench your thirst for thrill rides.Of its 3 game features, Planet Coaster‘s Career Mode is ideal for the player looking to manage and improve a pre-built theme park. The main goal within Career is to complete increasingly harder challenges, which can be achieved by improving various elements around the park for a more successful outcome. For example, players will have to construct more rides and coasters for their location, thus making the park far more profitable for the player. Researching and marketing are also very important; building new rides and attracting more customers will essentially make your park financially profitable and more successful in the long run. Planet Coaster also boasts a challenge mode which offers players a certain amount of cash but with limited options, a mode where various challenge competitions earn players more cash to spend on a variety of resources to further progression and your adventure. The third and final game mode and my personal favourite Sandbox is a mode where players have unlimited funds with everything unlocked for the more creative of players, able to construct the biggest and best theme park imaginable.As with real-life theme parks, ensuring customers within the park remain satisfied at all times is important to a successful business and that reflects brilliantly as one of the games main objectives. Each guest has his or her own wants, needs, in addition to a select amount of cash with each paying customer. How and if they spend their hard-earned cash in your park depends on how well you create it. Sure, you can drop in some rides to create your own theme park in mere seconds; but building kiosks, food stands, toilets and atm machines and positioning them along the pathways between each ride will increase value and ensure customers spend more money during their time at your park. Keeping your location sparkling clean also plays a pivotal part in successive progression so building enough trash cans and hire cleaning personnel to help keep your park remain clean will also keep your customers happy. Ultimately it comes down to you, the player to create a park in a manner that will make it either a plain boring and bland theme park or a wildly successful one.One of the most exciting aspects of any theme park is, of course, its rollercoasters and Planet Coaster is all about building the lightning quick rides; offering players plenty of choice with the different types of coasters you can develop and introduce to the world. Planet Coaster‘s building mechanic is constructed particularly well, with players able to adjust each and every one of the pieces the way you want. Creating rides in Planet Coaster might be fun or feel simple at first but that doesn’t mean to say that it’s easy. One of the toughest parts of building a rollercoaster is ensuring your ride is exciting enough for visitors, but also not too intense or nauseating or you may find your guests refusing to ride them, which is not good for business. In order to discover where the flaws lie on your coaster, Planet Coaster introduces heatmaps, which detail spots along the track which may contain too much G-force. With this addition, players can note down needed changes in order to make the ride more suitable while keeping it entertaining. Alternatively, you could also construct a simple coaster that won’t attract any customers since you will still be able to ride it yourself with the implemented POV camera.To give your theme park that extra touch of pizazz players can decorate the landscape with pre-built decorations, animatronics and special effects to make your park stand out against the competition. Players are also able to sculpt the terrain to any shape and form they desire and that’s one of the great things about this game, with Planet Coaster, the possibilities are simply endless. This feature is implemented in a manner that makes it easy to use and control, not to mention retaining your guest’s happiness as they queue in a line next to your bright decorations.Another thing worth noting is that you can make blueprints of your creations, whether it is a decorative item a rollercoaster or a combination of the two. These blueprints can then be used in your other parks as well, or like myself, you can create a sandbox map to test your creations without wasting a penny. Players can also share their designs alongside entire theme parks on the steam workshop, where other players can enjoy your creations as you can theirs. If you are not a very creative person you can also use this to your advantage by taking inspiration from other players design ideas through the workshop to help you create a better looking theme park for yourself.ConclusionPlanet Coaster is amazingly detailed with attractive graphics and the ability to ride your own coasters, which helps to make the game feel unbelievably immersive while offering players a wealth of options to create a unique theme park that suits all yours and your guest’s needs. With active visitors and all the freedom to make each park your own not to mention countless options for decorations and various rides makes Planet Coaster a near perfect simulation game, and with 3 game modes boasting different levels of challenge, Planet Coaster is very easy to pick up for people with different skill levels in simulation games.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5YZ6bk7j8hzKqJXtJk-78Q"
76561198004025453,Recommended,493340,26754502,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Baal,"The true successor of RTC3,Pros:-Beautiful Graphics-Robust tools to build scenary and buildings-Easy to create rollercoasters-Overall a revitalized RT3 which is a very good thingCons:- Bad optimization, I get hiccups every 10 mins with an i7, 16GB ram, GTX970 computer- Frustrating path construction, it should have been a simple click-drag- It needs more themesIts still a 1.0 release so I hope and assume new patches with improvements and content will be released, but even without them its worth the price."
76561198187138097,Recommended,493340,26754712,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,awkwarddog21,"It's a fun game, but poorly optimized and it crashes. ALOT. I know not everyone is experiencing this problem, but my computer is above the recommended specs and still literally crashes every 15 minutes. I would wait to buy it until they fix those problems."
,Recommended,493340,26750564,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,puxorb,"The Music, visuals, all the little details; Superb. This is what fans have wanted for so many years.New flat-rides, track rides, shops, and building materials all came in several free updates.If this is their business model I am a HUGE fan. Even if there are future DLCs that cost $5 - $20, they would be worth it.As a straight-up park designer and simulator, this is great, and it is definitely worth full price. 10/10"
,Recommended,493340,26751020,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,josh,Yo this game is ♥♥♥♥in lit
76561198030016435,Recommended,493340,26653387,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TheBluScout #frontline!,"this game is gorgeous, im surprised it runs on my computer. this game has evolved so much and watching it happen was beautiful! i loved roller coaster tycoon 3 i can confirm planet coaster is the spiritual succsesor to it! if this game will receive more content in the future and maybe allow modding that will be great!"
,Recommended,493340,34790529,Posted: 7 September,all,Tpelaaja [FIN],BEST Coaster / THEME Park Building! Worth
76561197963614288,Recommended,493340,34899157,Posted: 12 September,all,[CBR]D-Evolution,"Planet Coasteris, in my opinion, the definitive sequal to Rollercoaster Tycoon 3.  I would recommend this game to anybody who has played any of the Rollercoaster Tycoon games; however, this game fits closest to the third installment in the Rollercoaster Tycoon series because it focuses more on creativeness than micromanagement.This game does require a mid to high range PC to play lag free and even the highest end PC's may bog down once a park has a ridiculous amount of pieces and guests in the park."
,Recommended,493340,34879263,Posted: 11 September,all,Wojtek,"Unable to drown park guests in lakes, literally unplayable."
76561198282461621,Recommended,493340,26652683,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,herrie96,"beautiful visualized, easy controls, much creative freedom and a catchy soundtrack. This game is everything that RCT World isn't"
76561198316855659,Recommended,493340,34805303,Posted: 7 September,all,Xx_CAKEKnight_Xx,"I've played this game for a long time, last Christmas, its truly a beautiful and magnificent game. The art style is just beautiful for a game thats being developed and mindblowns me everytime with their updates.  I would recommend this game to very imanginative, artsy people that can spend their time into creating a themepark of their dreams, in fact I would recommend this to anyone this game has a potential. This is my own opinion, your opinion may be different from mine and thats ok; this game showed a lot of time and effort and I am glad to acknowledge and play this game.  This game has a very aestheitc for me and I feel happy everytime I play it."
76561197971695099,Recommended,493340,34872587,Posted: 10 September,all,exodus,This game is just gorgeous!It only takes a few hours to create a really wonderful little gem of a park. I also highly suggest trying out the campaign. It has so many beautiful and creative parks which you can then further improve.The only downside to this game is optimisation and I wish it would be moddable to the extend of Cities Skylines.But overall I highly recommend it!
,Recommended,493340,28683455,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Papa Bless,This♥♥♥♥♥♥slaps
,Recommended,493340,26694652,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SpecialCookiesTV,"Best game I've played all year!I have to say, as a HUGE Thrillville fan, that this has filled me with so much nostalgia its unreal! If you're on the fence about buying this game I strongly recommend you do! Its as if Thrillville has been remastered! Game mechanics are FLAWLESS and I love all the little details.. even down to the staff quitting because of low pay or there job being too boring!"
76561197985554009,Recommended,493340,28681520,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,s_1979,Brilliant game hands down beats RCTW
76561198077255446,Recommended,493340,28730350,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Shrimp A,An amazing game!  The best continuation of Roller Coaster Tycoon Legacy.  You can create whatever you want and the limitations are only your imgaination.  I think the only thing I can fault this game on is just not enough regular rides in it yet.  Though I'm sure more will be added.  As well the game is focused on roller coasters so it is not that big of a deal.
,Recommended,493340,28731072,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Flex Tape,"This game is like Roller Coaster Tycoon, but very differentIm asking for a refund of this game, not thats its bad or not fun, its very fun im my opinion, but not exactly what I was looking forPros:Great grpahicsLots of things to doA bunch of roller coasters to choose fromOnline and steam workshop supportGreat GameplayCons:Takes some time to have funComplicated building mechanicsCrazy expensiveSo, if you want a game about building coasters, this is for you, but if you want a game more like Roller Coaster Tycoon, then try it if you want to, but I recommend RCT2"
76561197976190796,Recommended,493340,28760370,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,monamigo,"Fanatastic game!  If you liked the old Rollercoaster Tycoon games, this is the spiritual update.  Great sandbox style game with the ability for some fantastic creativity."
76561198218583647,Recommended,493340,28733684,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Valerie_Ryan85,"Love this game so much!!! The graphics are amazing, the rides are lots of fun.  Gameplay has different variety of levels, which keeps it interesting.  Hoping Planet Coaster will one day come out with a Waterslide/Water park expansion pack."
76561198032446780,Recommended,493340,28780082,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ghets,Lot's of fun. Gives me a strong vibe of the old tycoon games.
,Recommended,493340,28675832,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Long Con John,"The sheer possibility of this game is insane. Even though some props you want aren't in the game, you can still try to make the prop that you want; using other props!"
76561198031253569,Recommended,493340,28677086,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dread,Good game with lots of creative play.
76561198280153621,Recommended,493340,28754359,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DREKEAMO,"very good, just as roller coaster tycoon 2, the music has finally been fun."
76561198086133731,Recommended,493340,33700097,Posted: 21 July,all,Outlawedz,best coaster/themepark game in a while.
76561198027423390,Recommended,493340,33709057,Posted: 21 July,all,Zenith,"I believe this is my first game review.  Just wanted to say this game is worth every penny for all you get plus the frequent free updates on coasters and rides.  I totally support this game and the developer.  This is pretty much everything i could hope for in a theme park simulator.   What little else I wish for, i'm sure they are already working on in future updates.   Very good job on this!"
,Recommended,493340,33711470,Posted: 21 July,all,Bay Area Native,"I started the game for the first time and spent over an hour creating a fountain. I proceeded to work on the entrance building for over five hours over the next two days. I quickly realized this would take a lot longer than I anticipated. But this is not a bad thing; Planet Coaster was designed with the creative side in... mind. There are hundreds of objects at your disposal and seemingly limitless creations you can make just with the base game and its included objects.I have never been one to play the management side of theme park games and instead prefer creating a sandbox park and throwing in as much creativity and detail as possible. This is the game to do that with.I can't say much more than what others have already said about this game at this point. Go buy this game if you love building whatever the heck you want, seemingly no restrictions to what you can do. Much of what this game does would have been revolutionary even just a few years ago, i.e. clipping objects together and full-axis 360-degree rotation of objects. The amount of freedom Frontier gives you is truly incredible. People have made what I consider works of art on YouTube with this game.I held off from buying this until the 2017 Summer sale because I was afraid it would be too complicated and that I lacked the creative will to build anything. Do not hesitate to buy this game if you fear it will be too complex for you to handle; even though there are hundreds, possibly thousands of objects at your disposal, the UI and the available filters, including a handy search box, make it easy to find what you're looking for. Plus, you get used to where objects are located through just playing the game. The lack-of-creativity fear was frivolous for me, as I quickly learned I did have plenty of ideas for my amusement park, but it really depends on the individual to determine if they have the creative will to tackle Planet Coaster. I would say most people do, but you have to think outside the box to come up with interesting ideas in this game.Planet Coaster is constantly improving with frequent updates from the developers, as well as some brand-new DLC packs that just released. New rides and coasters are constantly being added, and general improvements and fixes to the game are always plentiful. There is no better time to buy this game than now, and my experience couldn't be more positive."
,Recommended,493340,28691331,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,FelloutIsLife,just spent 5 hours on this game making 1 ride
,Recommended,493340,28724057,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Spaceman Spiff,its v. good
76561198211043081,Recommended,493340,28744311,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ziektekiem,"Very good game. You can unleash your creativity in sandbox mode, build a career in career mode and get a true challenge in challenge mode.Unfortunately though, the game gets laggy if you place a lot of decorations or if you get a lot of guests. Even if I put everything on low quality. I don't have a bad laptop, in fact, I have a quite good one so this is quite weird.And also since the update the gift shops have become a little too popular. It's annoying that whenever I place a gift shop everybody goes there instead of them actually riding coasters and other rides. So no gift shops for me anymore.Even though the game does have problems it's still a very enjoyable game and definitely recommended."
,Recommended,493340,28754192,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,iamcuttjj9,"This game is so great!The the element in the old, classic rollercoaster tycoon is included,and the graphics, the career mode, the freedom of creating coaster are both amazing."
,Recommended,493340,28755600,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ED1981,This game is a miracle!!! Must buy for building guys!!!
,Recommended,493340,28757850,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Me,Bought this game 6 hours ago.I know this because ive been playing it for 6 hours.great game no cons just pros.
76561198063793115,Recommended,493340,28758205,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Shlorb,I think it's good!
,Recommended,493340,28760399,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,JayDee,"Absolutely stunning, though be sure that you have enough computer processor power to play this game. You can play on a good laptop with a dedicated graphics card, though expect low graphic settings (like me), however if you're a fan of park management games, it's a beauty of a game."
,Recommended,493340,28761821,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DREWthePIG,I love this game. At the beginning its a bit hard to get used to the controls but in the end its totaly worth it.
76561198223795808,Recommended,493340,28764218,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,CJ,Brilliant customisation options throught the game. Decent Graphics and resonable FPS. Best Theme Park SIM out.
,Recommended,493340,28780335,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sky Render,"A truly awesome amusement park simulator.  This is pretty much what fans of the Roller Coaster Tycoon series were hoping would come next.  There is an insane level of customization possible in this game, particularly in designing buildings and roller coasters.  The game is not challenging at all for any seasoned simulation game buff, but that's hardly a bad thing; it just means it's that much more accessible to everyone else."
76561198031628427,Recommended,493340,28781324,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,garyd9,"If I had to describe this game in a single word, it'd be ""fun.""  This is my first trip into the ""theme park building"" type games, and it's been quite a roller coaster ride.  It seems like it should be similar to SimCity type games, but (at least for me) it isn't.  It's more interactive... Using SimCity as a starting point, imagine if you were able tocompletelydesign your own buildings, and alter their functions.Of course, building rollar coasters is a large attraction of this game, but it's not as easy as it sounds.  In fact, building a GOOD roller coaster is actually difficult.  Thankfully, the game can be enjoyed without actually constructing coasters yourself.  (However, you'll probably keep trying to build one...  It's just too tempting..)Unlike many games, the Steam Workshop is extremely useful for this game.  There are literally thousands of different buildings, coasters, and decorations available for a quick download."
,Recommended,493340,28784594,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RicaShake,It makes a good present
76561198276860160,Recommended,493340,32744952,Posted: 24 June,all,Juhotuoma,Amazing game!
76561198016999243,Recommended,493340,32754066,Posted: 24 June,all,ccphil,goty 2016
,Recommended,493340,33701661,Posted: 21 July,all,Crispy,10/10would be nice to add the ability to make a water park like RCT3.
76561197974339072,Recommended,493340,33702831,Posted: 21 July,all,branb32,The best Theme park game ever!! Hands down!!
,Recommended,493340,34143576,Posted: 10 August,all,[FN] Mr Zombie,This is one of the best games that was ever created.
,Recommended,493340,34161815,Posted: 10 August,all,XxLon3Wolf13xX,"Endless possibilities and loads of fun, cant wait to build a better PC to handle it better."
76561198022302415,Recommended,493340,27813648,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Olliepopz,123
,Recommended,493340,27304738,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nipul,"Huge fan of RCT 1+2 when I was little, I rediscovered the genre in my early 20's now, and I must say, I love it. Its graphics are splendid, the campaign mode is nice and smooth, the interface is clean, everything is perfect.The only thing I am missing is sandbox mode are more rides. In RCT, you could have 3 or 4 rides (without the workshop) per type of coaster, which is not the case here.But I have no doubt that they will implement further attractions in the future."
76561198209316232,Recommended,493340,29594184,Posted: 30 January,all,njdeamerf12,this is quite a good game it has many features and updates quite often every time i get into this game im like im gonna build somthing cool then after 2 hours or so im like this is SH*T (mainly because im terrible at building) then quit9001/10 would loose 2 hours of their life again
76561198148762960,Recommended,493340,35269281,Posted: 28 September,all,MusicGamer,"My mom told me that I couldn't play minecraft anymore because it was too violent. So after I pulled my life together I came up with the greatest plan of all taem. I was allowed to buy Planet Coaster after I convinced muh ma that it is a creative-learning game. But little does she know, I'm sitting here ramming thousands of kilogram worth of steel into big crowds of innocent people wanting to haev a gud taem at ze amusement park."
76561198206691347,Recommended,493340,35286092,Posted: 29 September,all,Whitewolf5,"Great game, this is the perfect game if you want to make a theme park in detail.It is so much more than creating coasters, you can build awesome scenery or add landscaping to your park.There are a lot of (free) updates and it's a graphical masterpiece.Defenitly the best theme park related game on the market at the moment.:D"
,Recommended,493340,35289373,Posted: 29 September,all,>>Samurai <<,Fun game :D get lost in it
,Recommended,493340,33726597,Posted: 22 July,all,Rayvix,"This game is fantastic!  I've been playing coaster sims since the beginning, including Theme Park, SIM Theme Park and all the RCT's and I can say this is the best that the coaster genre has ever been.  I can't wait for more DLC so I can throw money at them!  =D"
76561198362145004,Recommended,493340,35156997,Posted: 23 September,all,TimothySkittles,"Planet Coaster is a pretty good Game. It's got Outsatnding graphics, Tons of props, Rides, Stores, Tons of awesome Workshop items, and a LOOOOOT more. The controls might be a Little tricky to handle but Once you get the hang of it, You can build Practically anything! The price might be a bit Shocking at first, But it's actually quite worth the Money. Anyone who likes Tycoon games or is a fan of Roller Coaster tycoon will Love Planet Coaster!Also, three story Bathrooms. Yeah, it's possible."
76561198319068412,Recommended,493340,35221024,Posted: 26 September,all,vilismies,"This is my first amusement park game. I like this game pretty much, because graphics are good and so much different thingslike coasters and everything! I think this is not worth to buy with 38€, but 25€ is okay. :)"
,Recommended,493340,26663959,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TotallyTasteless,"Pathways designed by a Looney Toon paired with a Gorgeous foundation for great things to come.Man this sure is the successor to RCT3 we've all been waiting for and more!But there's a few things you should know before jumping head first into this experience.There's a steep learning curve for people who aren't used to fiddling around with things in 3D, don't let that scare you away though. This game really shines as something that finally gives the player a lot more control over the enviroment.If you're tired of games that give you the obligatory red checkmark paired with a startling sound of ""denied"" anytime you place something that intersects into eachother then this is a no brainer. There's a pattern showing up on message boards that everyone who gave this a shot always start out by saying ""I spent several hours making the entrance, Can't wait to build the rest of my park!""I'm starting to sound like a used car salesman, let's tilt the favors a bit.There's room for improvement like with any game, something you need to know going into this before you play, the path system is complete utter wank.Want to make a plaza akin to the one in Disneyland?Well you're going need some severe micromanaging to plan that out, because as of now.Pathways keep intersecting with what can only be described as if every path had a high magnitude magnet that works from several yards away, the length and width is adjustable by a tiny slider in the lower right corner instead of dynamically through fiddling with the mouse.Compared to the old RCT pathway system this seems wonky, which is weird considering the finess on everything else. it kinda gives you this weird feeling when you're all happy about the choices they made with the game instantly gets shifted into overwhelming confusion when the pathing behaves like this.When you load up a huge park you're going to experience slowdowns even on a beefy rig,but the map size is enormous and i've only seen this happen on fully filled parks.If you've got some extra dough on the side and you're thinking about buying a stellar simulation game, then look no further. It really is one impressive release, the love from the developers internally really shines through.Which can only lead me to believe that we're getting some stellar extra content/support.Let's just hope that this isn't getting the weekly DLC treatment.Enjoy derailing coasters and sending people to their certain doom.You sick weirdo."
76561198369050691,Recommended,493340,35212899,Posted: 25 September,all,WaffledMyEggo,"As a person who likes designing roller coasters in games, since I was a little kid. This game is great, primarily on the custom mode, where you can do anything you want. I personally never touched the campaign, since it leaves out the creativity aspect.This game is well worth if you like creating roller coasters."
,Recommended,493340,35321620,Posted: 29 September,all,ecnarret,The best game EVER!
76561198097059804,Recommended,493340,26667916,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,brandond6,I love this game so much. It has so much charm and there's so much options. Personally I enjoy taking it easy and making a park in sandbox with zero worries. I cannot reccomend this game enough.
76561198179775733,Recommended,493340,35458134,Posted: 3 October,all,Brandon Michaels,probably one of the best park creation simulators ever to be released from the failed direction of roller coaster tycoon planet coaster takes the lead with exceptional graphics and exceptional editing tools so if your unsure to buy this one think again and be apart of something amazing this is a wonderful game
,Recommended,493340,26646695,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,DrummerB,"Best building game I've played in a long time, maybe ever."
,Recommended,493340,35383500,Posted: 1 October,all,Castor,"While the challenges are fun, the sandbox mode is what I enjoy the most. Being able to just build to my heart's content and constantly explore new ways to create rides and park systems is the best way to unwind. I may not be actually doing work at my job anymore, but my park guests couldn't be happier! Thank you."
,Recommended,493340,35374225,Posted: 1 October,all,Deadly Dunmer,"I really enjoy this game and reccomend it to anyone who enjoys theme park builders, its more thna you expect.The graphics are joyful, colourful and have their own style you can appriciate. performance wise, i have a 1060 6gb, 8 gb RAM and a 7700 CPU, everything is easilly maxed.The sounds are uplifting and customizable. (you can add your own ride music and sound effects)placement micromanagement and landscaping is second to very few,Menu Micro management is there, though unessential, i would prefer a little more depth.The Workshop has so much variety, any heavily themed parks will require workshop downloads.The security guards ingame really need a good patching and slap around the ears, theyre terrible and are really my only complaint about the game. the need to seek out and aprehend criminals rather than joyfully patrolling the paths. pickpockets must be individually seeked by the player 99% of the time and escorted from the park.the issue with security is very annoying but tollerable and most certainly still playable.I highly reccommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the genre!"
76561198006102039,Recommended,493340,35459008,Posted: 3 October,all,AppleSawwS,"There was a time, and there are still times, when I walk around amusement parks on our planet and think; ""That design is wonderful, I want to add it to my game"".THIS GAME lets you do that and more. I frequent parks and resorts such as Disneyland, Walt Disney World, Universal Studios, and Six Flags, and nothing gives me greater joy than knowing I can recreate what I see into the virtual world on my computer. Anything and everything is possible with Planet Coaster.While there is no set 'tutorial', the learning curve is by no means steep. All you need to do is have an active imagination, and play with some buttons. In no time I had recreated my favorite eating establishment in my favorite amusement park. I logged over 300 hours on this game in the span of about 3 weeks. I AM HOOKED.If you had a place in your heart for Roller Coaster Tycoons 1&2, then open up a place in your whole life for Planet Coaster. It's one of those great games that you will let consume you in the greatest way.I highly recommend.As a great man once said ""It's kind of fun to do the impossible"". So download Planet Coaster and set your imagination loose."
,Not Recommended,493340,27874191,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pre55ure,"good looking game, cant really fault too much, it just gets boring quick and id say its not worth 29.99, managment aspect Is real weak and its just endless creation with no real reward"
,Recommended,493340,29404301,Posted: 21 January,all,✪ LadyLotus,"Planet Coaster is everything I wanted Rollercoaster Tycoon to be and more. I love how the game allows you to create truly custom buildings, scenery, and coasters. The game is so intuitive it will easily curve coasters around other rides and through tunnels. The game's pre-built parks in the career mode are insane and spark so many ideas about what you can do with this game. You can do almost anything as far as set up and scenery and it looks great, such a good looking game. It looks so smooth and just....fun when you are moving the camera around at path level. The downside for me is that the game does crash occasionally. 90% of the crashing occurs during sandbox mode, and the other 10% is random but usually happens when I am too quick for the game (clicking too many things sequentially, or moving too quickly around a large park). With the game being so new still, I can see that problem being fixed in the near future. I would also say that it would be nice to have a setting to eliminate fear on coasters, that way you could make anything and park goers would still ride it, at least in sandbox mode."
,Recommended,493340,32379949,Posted: 12 June,all,FMJ,It's a very fun game! :)
76561197984228275,Recommended,493340,26692299,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Bmb92,"Devs ways to improve game:1. Add VR suppot2. Weather systems3. Multiple terrain building tools for one location for more than one theme4. Expandable park (more squares, no optimization necessary)5. Make things in front of the camera translucent/ fade out so people can see in front of themselves6. Add carnival games and go karts7. Allow players to control karts and play carnival games8. Add multiplayer (people can build a park together)9. Give people more control over building props (people can build their own rides)10. Zoo DLC11. Waterpark DLC"
76561197971311419,Recommended,493340,26680914,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Jonny*Combat,"Before I begin, let me just state for the record I haven't played a Theme Park type game since the late '90s (Theme Park to be precise).They've come on a bit since then!Being a manly man of manish manliness I refused to do the tutorials and still had no problem getting to grips with it.  Before long I had a solitary ride charging extortionate prices, and food shops selling substandard wares for horribly overinflated prices.  Business was good.Eventually the rides expanded (aiming for the family market), and before long I had a bustling park.  But it lacked a certain something, namely a vomit inducing rollercoaster I could charge even more extortionate entry fees on.At significant cost the ""Mighty Dragon Butt Blaster"" was opened to much fanfare.  Old ladies heads exploded, hipsters beards were flung off at high speeds, and kids vomit was sprayed incredible distances across my modest park.Do I recommend the game?  Hell yes!Lovely animation.  Very easy to use.  The tools for sculpting the scenery and rides are great, and there's still a fair amount I haven't even got to yet.Good job Frontier, I'm loving this so far.Now excuse me but I have Special Ride Passes to issue at despicable prices."
76561198007078407,Recommended,493340,26761318,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Daburn,Great theme park simulation with tons of building  options and awesome visuals.  Only downside is that the park management and simulation part is underdeveloped at the moment in version 1.0 (hoping for future update patches on this.Still this game is tons of fun if you liked the previous Rollercoaster Tycoons and Theme Park games.
,Recommended,493340,26700965,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,michael,"No words, you expect to play for one hour and end up playing all day, so much detailsSound track is so good i sing it in the shower, Performance and optimization are fine i get around 50 FPS on High Setting in a Medium Sized Park on a 970.+Fun Campaign to learn the game+Challenge mode for those who wants to start from scratch and manage economy.+Sandbox for creative people+Custom Rides you can make+Custom Buildings+Workshop SupportYou can control nearly everything in game.Probably the best sandbox game of the year.I Recommend this game at full price."
,Recommended,493340,31188271,Posted: 16 April,all,The Suckee,Too Fun. Addicting.
76561198052405807,Recommended,493340,28223803,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,WoWCymru,Its Roller Coaster tycoon evolved. You can almost make recreations such as oblivion from alton towers almost as accurate as ever.
,Recommended,493340,28585734,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Thunderstruck,"Quite CPU intensive, so i couldn't play it for more than an hour.Keep in mind that this game has a design focus. If you do not like to place every little detail on a building, this game is probably not for you."
,Recommended,493340,28899823,Posted: 1 January,all,evyatarz,Good game-good graphich-good A.I-good gameplayi highly recommend about this game
,Recommended,493340,29118285,Posted: 8 January,all,Eyyy Haaa,my dream is to become better than walt disney :)
,Recommended,493340,29201714,Posted: 12 January,all,we123,op
,Recommended,493340,30853422,Posted: 31 March,all,your pal edward,yeah boi
,Recommended,493340,26684082,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Forsberg,can't stop playingstill playing
76561198062619621,Recommended,493340,26684291,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Durrr,lOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT!  Top Notch worth every penny =)
76561198292533381,Recommended,493340,26690576,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Turtle65,Laggy But Great Game Good Job On This I Reccomend This IF You Think That You Have A Beast Of Computer.........
,Recommended,493340,27778475,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Furinex,Spent all day on a burger stand.  All day.  No joke.  Like 9 hours.  This hipster inside is selling the dopest burgers - you better believe.
,Recommended,493340,27998479,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MULDOON,Glory to the newborn King!
,Recommended,493340,28131457,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Errorname,"Yeah, it's pretty good, if you like this sort of thing."
76561198053685573,Recommended,493340,28156328,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Piposh,This game is amaizing!!!
,Recommended,493340,28293116,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Temper,"Planet Coaster is one of the best sandbox and theme park games of all time. The game is rich with content, and even if you think you find a limitation, there are always a vast variety of props and building tools to work around that wall. Planet Coaster brings back the fun and nostalgic feel of Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, something its rival, Roller Coaster Tycoon World wasn't able to execute.The game's visuals are stunning, and the game runs extremely well. Most of the time I am able to run the game at a solid 60FPS at the highest settings, and the optimization is incredible. The games variety of effects and props is amazing, and you can create whatever you want in a variety of themes, from a pirate haven to a sci-fi civil war.The game has extremely in-depth coaster creation, giving you the ability to rotate track, change the pitch of the track and even bank the track. All those options change the overall rating of the ride, which is split into 3 parts, Excitement, Fear and Nausea. You must compromise to create a rollercoaster that is exciting, whilst also making sure your guests do not experience 35Gs on your ride.FInally, the game has amazing workshop support. You can share individual building designs, as well as sharing entire parks. Any creations you make can be uploaded to the workshop, from a sherrif's office to a runaway rollercoaster. This game gives you the ability to create whatever your heart desires.The game is a must have if you enjoyed the original RCT trilogy, and it proves that with its vast aray of features and modding support."
76561198099855402,Recommended,493340,31550590,Posted: 4 May,all,rethgif,good game to kill time
,Recommended,493340,26651994,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Hobo,I have been playing coaster sim games since the first Roller Coaster Tycoon came out. When RCT2 came out with the buildings and the Six Flags themeing that game was the champ all the way up to when I started playing the beta of this game as RCT3 was just so underwhelming. This game makes every roller coaster game before feel inadequate and smaller in scale and with the steam workshop it not only paired with rides based on Six Flags parks but also coasters and scenery from parks all over the world. Even though I was playing a Beta ingame there seemed to be very few quirks and feels pretty polished. This game has exceeded my expectations by a long ways and I now view this game as what should be expected of all coaster games following this one.PROS-Great Graphics-Solid Financial and Staff Mechanics-Easy to use tools for coaster building and terraforming-A large and customizable scenery set-A Tool for constructing buildings that is infinitely superior to RCT2's-Workshop ContentCONS-Saved workshop and local blueprints do not contain footpaths which is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥trying to place the path in a prebuilt building rather than placing it all at once due to the way the camera handles inside of buildings.-Game runs a bit poorly without SLI support(Will hopefully be added)Pretty minor list of cons for an overall fantastic release.
76561198023685949,Recommended,493340,26684522,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Lobotomite,New roller coaster tycoon!
76561198128207263,Recommended,493340,26704571,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,keyTech,Approved.
,Recommended,493340,26727760,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Chris,"On the whole, I recommend Planet Coaster. Lots of rides, it's cool to see your guests roaming the park, it's fun juggling prices, and having everything be spline-based makes for cool pathing effects; very impressive.My biggest gripe is that some rides don't attract many guests, making the ride become a waste of space. Creating custom roller coasters is a letdown; guests will fear your fun coasters, and if you attempt to make them less scary, they'll say it's not scary enough. Family track cars and log flumes seem to be the big winner with the guests, but those don't go upside-down, so the coaster aspect of the game is flawed, which is ironic for a game called Planet Coaster.Hopefully Frontier will make the guests more willing to go on more rides in future patches."
,Recommended,493340,27042159,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tjavo,"Great building game. Lots of options, lots of fun."
,Recommended,493340,27855319,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,"theKOPE, worship the violence","I've spent more time designing functional buildings and setting up anamatronic entertainment for queing guests than I am comfortable with acknowledging. That said, I am really enjoying how I can dial this in and play the game. If you wanna do a thing, this game will let you do it."
,Recommended,493340,28089000,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,anetiquettefiend,"Recommended only if you HAVEN'T played RCT.Let me start by stating the obvious: yes I've only played an hour.. But it took hardly no time at all to realize that my brain wasn't being stimulated like I thought it would. If you are a RCT veteran and have put many hours into that title, you will likely find yourself agreeing to this review. The amount of creativity potential and detail is astounding, but I just couldn't get excited about devoting so much time into essentially achieving the same exact goals. For RCT you could start a pretty good park within a day playing. Ultimately the only thing that makes this sim franchize better is to exponentially invest more time, with a reward of exponentially larger tedious detail.Say you are a father/mother (if you aren't already). You aren't disappointed in your son, because he didn't get hooked on severe drugs and become a junkie or a communist. Instead, he got a degree, bought a nice house, and had a generic nuclear family. You're happy for him, but there just isn't anthing amazing about his (omg white privelege) life of mediocrity.This game is that son. Good job game, keep doing good things in life. We are so proud of you and what not. So wow."
,Recommended,493340,28334309,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,WellMax81,ooh it's great.
,Recommended,493340,28406287,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,LaJuliano,"It's been a while since i played a good gamePlanet Coaster answered my needs , and im having a really good time playing itbest building game i've ever played !"
,Recommended,493340,28417609,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Evan Huxley,Advantages:- True Roller Coaster Tycoon in this generation- Free Winter Updates (2016)- Roller Coaster Builder is easy- Test Rides from Seats- Workshop Support for the community to advance from the base material- Cartoonish Graphics are beautifully doneDisadvantages- Doesn't have a story like thrillville more like previous RCT's only Careers- Doesn't feature the ability to create rides ( outside of rollercoasters )- Lowest Graphic Setting isn't that great frame wise on Intel HD Graphics- Not many options for mascotts or change of employee wearOverallIts essentially a better looking RCT 3 with less ride options but is advancing quickly with many different rides and the only grip that I find large is the Story element. If your okay with a more open gameplay option I reccomened it
,Recommended,493340,28417837,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Somali Salami,"Fun!Especially if you liked roller coaster tycoon 2/3, this feels like the natural next generation of that game. A big jump forward. Sleek, refined, polished, good.16 hours and could see myself playing this for a long time to come. Haven't even played the campaign/challenge modes yet. But don't think I want to right now. I'm very happy making a custom park with unlimited money, but still handling park management to keep my guests happy and turning a profit. I've been focussing more on the creating custom coasters.So many useful and good tools that make customizing your coasters, paths, placement of buildings, landscape changes, and they are for the most part quite intuitive.Building coasters is great. For example, there is a heatmap feature that shows you exactly along the coaster where your vertical & horizontal G forces are too high, or the nausea or fear is too high. Or excitement too low. Make adjustments as required to maximize your coasters stats and draw in more guests.And you can test WHILE building... (yes the coaster will just launch itself and blow up) which is actually hugely useful so that you can see if your lift even works, if your drop is ok, and if your first loop is the correct size, for example...The camera viewing options are great also for riding & building the coasters.And you can save your coasters as ""blueprints"", and partial coasters as well, for re-use later. And there is an ""auto-complete feature to connect the last section of a coaster together, which is hugely useful as well to get past that most annoying part. There is a ""smooth"" feature to correct wobbly sections of your design.... Etc. Etc.Keep up the good work, developers."
,Recommended,493340,28954342,Posted: 2 January,all,GARcher | Jealot,"Very great game. However it gets plagued with performance issues once your park becomes very large. It brings my computer to its knees, and it's mid-high range (970 and i5 4460!)"
,Recommended,493340,31327896,Posted: 23 April,all,Scum god,"Pros:Looks greatPlays greatNot an easy game depending on the difficulty (Medium and up)Sandbox modeVery funCreativemany hours of enjoymentGood controllsGreat communityLots of steam workshop modsEverything is pretty much customizableOverall an amazing gameRuns pretty well(I am leaving out tons of pros, to much to cover)Cons:You would'nt think but you actually need a pretty beefy PC to run this game on max.I am getting around 45/60FPS playing it on max and I have 16gb ddr4 ram, Nvidia Geforce 1060 and an intel i7 7700HQand that is in a pretty small park, as it gets larger the FPS gets lowerI tried to play with a controller but if its plugged in the game won't start. Not sure if it's because I am on the steam beta or what. So be aware of that.I can't really think of anymore cons, the game is great and I definitely recommend this game to anyone with doubts"
76561198171146322,Recommended,493340,31800542,Posted: 17 May,all,Steve_Taro,"One of the great simulator game ever. Usually when I heard about simulator game, I would be thinking about boring gameplay, which we have to do the same thing again and again. Planet Coaster is like what I said too, but they replace with random system of all AI; in this point it makes video game not being boring at all. Some month you will be excited to whole a tons of cash, but for another month you will be bankrupt immeditely. This game provides you a really good system to make you awakening for all of situation that steps in your park. 9 out of 10!!"
76561198053946215,Recommended,493340,26684067,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Nathunder,Very Fun game
76561198056325223,Recommended,493340,26702136,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Dr. Bread,Gr8 Game
76561198010240131,Recommended,493340,26739678,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,RATDIOS,i love roller coasters and video games so dis iz gud9/10
,Recommended,493340,27363417,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,modytt,"Really good building game with a decent management aspect.The game is very noob friendly and pushes unimaginative people like myself, to be creative and create something very cool.Even tho the workshop is already full of great content, I still take pride in my first rollercoaster that goes up and sometimes, if I'm lucky, back down"
,Recommended,493340,28261415,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Remington,"Its been a while since we had a good theme park creator game. Planet coaster is the best theme park game out right now and its worth the money. With community workshop avalible endless possibilities are there.  Even thought the game has its flaws its still an amazing game and a lot of fun.Pons:Amazing theme park gameWorth the $40 in my opinion3 game modes. Campaign, Challenge and sandboxCons:Gets boring after a whileHave to play capaign and challenge modde to get more items for sandboxThe bigger the park and the more things going on the game will start to lag."
,Recommended,493340,28892370,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,BlameItOnYourISP,I bought Planet Coaster due to the failure Roller Coaster Tycoon World has become.  I spent my hours so far making hamburgers and castles and not one coaster.  10/10 Game of the Year.
76561198345402089,Recommended,493340,29119506,Posted: 8 January,all,j.mcelroy1032,The graphics and moves are amazing. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,493340,30034954,Posted: 19 February,all,☾Lunatic❅™,"One hundred times better than Rollercoaster Tycoon World, I think that on itself is more than an excuse to get this game."
76561197993889338,Recommended,493340,30085276,Posted: 21 February,all,Joseidon,"This is probably one of the most relaxing, charming games I've played in a long time.  The soundtrack is greatly overlooked, and I actually ended up putting it on my phone to listen to relax.  The management portion of the game is pretty easy to work with once you get the hang of it.  I recommend watching the video tutorials to get an idea of what to do, especially if you've never played a roller coaster tycoon game before.  The career and challenges are very enjoyable and I'm excited for what dlc they'll eventually come out with."
76561198008190825,Recommended,493340,30435798,Posted: 10 March,all,Sophiekins ♥,"Not only is this game top quality and so much fun, the game developers are genuinly nice people whom listen to the community too! Since launch I can't count how many FREE updates they have given!"
76561198212949845,Recommended,493340,30475382,Posted: 12 March,all,_ItsIsaac,This game is HORRIBLE if you don't have a strong computer. I wouldn't reccomend this game with a computer that has low framerate
76561198016847409,Recommended,493340,31004452,Posted: 7 April,all,Vilderup,"Pretty good game I would say. Only problem is, it gets boring really fast.."
76561198353576431,Recommended,493340,29831459,Posted: 10 February,all,dlcox00,amazing ame lets my creativity run wild
,Recommended,493340,26762497,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ricardo3008,"What makes planet coaster so good:+ AppreciationIf you are a person that just loves to build stuff, this is the best game for it on the market right now.What makes planet coaster different from other games is the appreciation that you get from the guests when they look at your stuff. Their reaction is very satisfying.+ EasyThe fact that you have alot of freedom in a building game isn't always a good thing. In games like space engineers it takes like 4 hours to build a small ship! In planet coaster you can make almost everything and it is very easy to do which is extremely important to me. This way it doesn't get boring or annoying to build new buildings for everything. Which is what you will be doing the most.Downsides/Things that need to be fixed/added- The management aspect is very thin and could be done alot better. I am pretty sure they will fix this soon but for now you have to change the loan of a employee person per person which is frustrating as hell.- There should be more base blueprints in the game, at least 3 per ride/shop. Right now aren't even any for most of the shops and things. Maybe 1 per theme?- The path system is still awful. It is great for making smooth curves but that's about it. You can't make square paths and you can't turn a lock of that makes it unable to have 2 paths within 10 meters of eachother. 10 meters!!! I also have had multiple times that the path connecting my shops/rides isn't accesible which meant my employees would quit and the people would get stuck on a ride exit. This needs to be fixed ASAP.Would I recommend it?Yes, Oh yes. If you are looking for a game to unleash your creativity on. This game is everything you ever dreamed of. It is not only easy fun and gorgeous to look at. It is very rewarding which is a must to keep you going and very rare in these games in my opinion.If you are looking for a more management aspect with challenge like rollecoaster tycoon 1 2 and 3 this is not the game for you. It isn't the games main focus and it never will be.This game deserves a long review like this with advice, Hope it was helpful!"
76561198316136305,Recommended,493340,28413560,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,melissacparker,This game is grate It performes well on my computer and looks grate even with the grafix turned off Id take this any time over roller coaster tycoon world
76561198005056774,Recommended,493340,28232881,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,GamerDad,"Great Game!!!!  This game is amazing.  Game allows you to be creative if you like and create your own rides, or if your not the creative type plenty of rides to download in the workshop.  This game is awesome."
,Recommended,493340,28267405,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Arff Arff Arff,"To preface the review: I absolutely love the game and have been thoroughly addicted to it since owning it. That being said it has quite a lot of problems that may put some people off, I won't mention some of the things that a lot of people have already talked about, but more about the business side of things which has been vastly expanded over past RCT games.Also, I should say that I have put hundreds, if not thousands of hours into old RCT games (2&3 especially) and my favourite thing has always been designing roller coasters.I'm sure you read other reviews, and if you haven't go and read them for the positive points (even though I am giving this game a positivie review, I would like to spend more time on the problems as I think that these are less documented than the good parts of the games). I want to give myself more time to talk about the bugs and problems with the games. So to quickly summarise: I think that this is a fantastically improved RCT 3 sequel, it took everything I liked about that game and expanded it greatly, especially in the terms of building and micro management.Now onto the problems/bugs:-- One of the biggest problems at the moment is the poor framerates in parks with a lot of assests and/or guests, and especially when you're building things. My computer is not amazing (i5 3570k, 16gb ram, gtx 1060 6gb) but I only get as low as >5 fps when building in a park with more than 5,000 guests, and around >20 when not building ON THE LOWEST GRAPHICAL SETTINGS. I have read people on the forums with dual 1080s and OC top of the line CPUs getting 15-20 fps in similar scenarios: this definitely seems to be a problem with how the game is optimised, as when you start a park I get a solid 120fps on medium settings. You end up having to limit the amount of guests in your park, which defeats the point of building a bigger and better park for more people to come and spend money at. Developers have acknowledged and promised to fix this, but as of this review nothing has improved and people have claimed that FPS has actually gotten worse while constructing roller coasters.-- The business side of the game is really lacking, the scenarios are all built around small parks that you need to fulfill a number of financial challenges to complete, but they all seem pretty easy once you work out the game's weird way of evaluating things (that are never explained). For example people go to different parts of the park for rides but not for shops, so you have to position shops right beside them or else they could be dying of thirst and not walk 10 steps out of their way to buy a drink for the shop around the corner. Also the coaster ratings (that define the worth of the ride) don't seem to correlate much with real life, there's a roller coaster on the workshop that just does one drop into an upside corner and turns back into the station. This ride costs $2050 and will make you at least that in a month, but spend $50,000 on a custom roller coaster that takes you an hour to build and it will only get you $3000-6000 a month only with you painstakingly making sure every part of the track is compliant with the arbitary rating system. If you build something realistic (I modeled a dive coaster after Valravn) then it's more than likely that the stats are going to be pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥. This all ties into the game's lack of instruction of how to make things better, and it's not always apparent. Park layout, the amount of shops for the guests, and the amount that guests are willing to pay for things (and what effects that) are never explained and nigh on impossible to work out without a lot of experimentation if at all.Also, like other people have mentioned: once you get over that first hurdle of profitability then there really is no challenge, you will just make money like there's no tomorrow! It feels like you are rewarded for working out the weird way the game works instead of building a beautiful and interesting theme park. This is better than the old games, granted, but still needs some improvement to create more challenege and more reward for your hard work.-- The roller coaster designer is very powerful but it feels like you have to fight it in order to make smooth rides, and it also has a number of bugs/quirks to it. Like often if I make a number of roller coasters in one sitting then the ride option goes away until I restart the game. Also if you bank your track too slowly (using the in built smoothing option) then you often end up with jerky banking animations going between the sections of tracks. You need the smoothing tool to make a coaster that is anywhere close to smooth and that has good stats, but the smoothing tool also likes to destroy and of your own custom inversions, and the ones that come with the game are very limiting.So there's a summary of the biggest problems I have with the game, there are a number of smaller problems like guests thinking that a queue is full when it clearly isn't, and trains on roller coasters getting stuck, but these aren't huge game limiting problems like the ones mentioned above (although that's obviously just my opinion). I hope that the developers will continue with support for the game, fixing these problems and introducing expansions like RCT (waterpark and animals would be amazing!).Overall an amazing game for lovers of RCT 3 like me, but it has it's problems that may put off some."
,Recommended,493340,31106244,Posted: 12 April,all,daterxies,My kid loves it.
76561198250240418,Recommended,493340,31450833,Posted: 29 April,all,PCFAN,Its worth money.
,Recommended,493340,26696907,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,TheDR,Great fun and an instant classic. It reminds me of the success of Cities: Skylines; we are in the years of the management/creator revival.
76561198341515002,Recommended,493340,26697344,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Jay,"WOW, that is my reaction to this game.Alright if you are wondering to get this game or not its a no brainer.You might think that you will get tired of the game like i did. But everytime i tune into a podcast and sit down to play this game it grabs me in. Then, i go to eat and come back thinking i would rather do somthing else but then i end up using my freetime playing this game. You can really have alot of fun with this game . Honestly i didn't know or expect to play 13 hours of the game but it really enticed me in even more. I don't regret a single minute"
76561198082424524,Recommended,493340,26696827,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,zanity2446,"Hi I am so excited by the game Planet Coaster.  I have been playing RCT 3 for so long waiting for somegame to be as good or better.  Planet Coaster is awesome!!!!  I can move rides, track placement is so easy, modifying the tracks and tweaking them all help to provide a great  experience.  I am actually creating my own buildings on Planet Coaster.  I never use to create sceanry or buildings because it was to cumbersome. I just need to learn to make a roller coaster that does not scare the crap out of people---I build them and no one will go on it LOL ... Wow the terrain editor makes it easy to mould the enviroment into what you want.I sure would like to learn more details about some options, like making roller coaster  in the game but I am sure YOU Tube will have lots of tutorials soon.Thanks for putting fun into a game again."
76561198037857428,Recommended,493340,26697368,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Convictions,"I have been trying to find a game for years to satisfy my Theme Park nostalgia  as a kid. While I have tried many, this game is exactly what I was looking for. I am having so much fun with this game. Thanks Frontier!"
76561198046704788,Recommended,493340,28936405,Posted: 2 January,all,Angelus82,The amount of customization and detail you can achieve is scary at times. I just love the game!
,Recommended,493340,27260150,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,come to brazil,it's the RCT4 we never got
76561198022951172,Recommended,493340,28116713,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ZeroCool,"Hi, I carn't seem to get on with the controlls, But i im going to keep trying, its such a Brilliant game, I Love it."
,Recommended,493340,33345104,Posted: 7 July,all,GonzoSwunks,"Buy this over Roller Coaster Tycoon World.I like how they incorporate steam workshop so you can add in user made rides and structures.I like the challenge modes because of Hey, who doesn't like a challenge.I love how there is no Paid DLC. Other games take note.The makers are active and improve their game by adding in new rides and such.Making paths is still a pain in the butt.still, have not regretted my decision to buy."
,Recommended,493340,30063652,Posted: 20 February,all,lu5h,"Great game, if you're a fan of RCT series this is a must buy."
,Recommended,493340,33263604,Posted: 5 July,all,Vault Dude,This game is finally what you always dreamed after spending your whole childhood playing Roller Coaster Tycoon 1 and 2
,Recommended,493340,33337087,Posted: 7 July,all,bob builder,TEDIOUS AS ♥♥♥♥ BUT COOL GAME
76561197996785160,Recommended,493340,33468778,Posted: 11 July,all,CoachAub,"Great, great park and coaster builder!  I recommend a higher-end PC system.  If not, you should limit the amount of guests your park will admit.  My Ryzen R7 1800X started to lag a bit at 7500+ (I am over 8500 now but put up with some lag).  Many suggest a 2000 guest limit.  The prg runs A.I. for each and every guest, staff member, and more.  I have 22 coasters, 17 rides, 2 monorails, 60+ shops, and more.    I love the sandbox mode.  Tons of downloadable coasters from around the world.  The Steam workshop is a great source of customized ride skins, shops, and various other add-ons to make your park the best!   This program uses the typical RTS style camera and map maker qualities of other games.  With some experience and the hints and help available, you'll be building a park in no time."
76561197970796855,Recommended,493340,33606700,Posted: 17 July,all,cw8,"Absolutely wonderful! Everything RCT3 was and represented but even better (same devs btw). You can create almost any scenery and building with just the in-game tools and pieces. That makes for theme parks that are almost incredible to tour around or view. Rides and coasters are varied like in the previous RCT games and the coaster building mechanic is even more robust than it was previously. Riding coasters are as fun as ever like in RCT3 but even better now due to improved graphics and degree of smoothness. The tycoon aspect of the game is not as strong as RCT 1 and 2 but it is still decent and the harder scenarios can still give any player a good challenge.As mentioned, Planet Coaster sandbox play allows for the creation of unbelievably beautiful parks. Check any featured parks on Youtube and you'll know what I mean."
76561198019515393,Recommended,493340,26669038,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Walrus,"A truly beautiful game. You can play with the intricate scenery tools and optimizing rides for maximum income for hours and only scratch the surface of what is possible.Not only is it a sandbox for us players, but for the devs, the additions that they could add are limitless.The only limit to your creativity here is your CPU/GPU power.Enjoy"
,Recommended,493340,28209405,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Itafire,An awesome simulationgame! The best there is!
76561198072939291,Recommended,493340,26668910,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Mokona,"The only thing I rather dislike about this game is the lack of rides to pick from and how themed the few that are av are. Really hard to create a big same themed park when you can only place down 2-4 rides that would look good in it and some rollercoasters. Other then that though this game is amazing, I'm not a big fan of detailed creation games such as minecraft but I find myself spending hours just prettying the place up."
,Recommended,493340,29078568,Posted: 6 January,all,Latch,Best game in the Theme Park Builder genre. I love this game to bits. Definetly buy it if you meet the right specs. 11/10
76561198037036236,Recommended,493340,26668917,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,"The Name's Fedora, Tips Fedora","I normally do not write that many reviews, but for this game I have to make an exception. This game absolutely blows my mind when it comes to creativity and having absolute fun. I can't find anything wrong with it so far. Although I only played a few hours I can already tell the possibilities are endless. One of the greatest features is the ability to add your own music to rides. I actually laughed so hard as I made my first track follow the beat of a EDM song. You can read other reviews for further in depth mechanics, but I have to say, Great ♥♥♥♥ing job devs, this is truly the roller coaster game of the year. So much love was put into this game and you can really tell. Thank you for bringing back the happiness I felt in my childhood with Roller Coaster Tycoon 1. :)"
,Recommended,493340,30080932,Posted: 21 February,all,Cfiddy,"I'm Hooked,this is a must buy game"
,Recommended,493340,30414610,Posted: 9 March,all,Rogue - NeddyBear,Nothing Beats This Game.The GraphicsThe ClarityThe ThrillsThe SpillsThe ManagementThe ChaosPlanet Coaster Has It All.
76561198386896892,Recommended,493340,31736917,Posted: 13 May,all,J...,Definitely recommend it! Beautiful and Wondeful!
76561198118098249,Recommended,493340,26746156,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,NOGGER,good game worth buying
,Recommended,493340,28097835,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Whoever Shotgunned me is gay,"Eh, its okay i guess, Although the graphics aren't as good as this, I had more fun with RT3.Pros:- Its pretty much RT3 with better graphics- More things to doCons:- Hard to learn? Theres no real tutorial on where anything is at first, it can be overwhelming- You cant remove rocks -.- (or at least from what i've seen) and it can be really annoying- Not worth $46 USD... I'd say $20USD is fair, but come on :/Overall, still a decent time killer, great to entertain yourself for hours."
76561198093031597,Recommended,493340,31738189,Posted: 13 May,all,blaze0796,awesome!!! best park management simulator in a long time its worth the $45
,Recommended,493340,28354032,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,AirlessGOOSE,"Wait,♥♥♥♥♥♥that was 5 hours already? ♥♥♥♥... Another 5 hours it is then."
,Recommended,493340,28168691,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Leon loves PEPSI!!!!,BEST PARK GAME EVER!!!
76561197992553676,Recommended,493340,26650073,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,HardeKern,"This game are the creators of Roller Coaster Tycoon 1,2 and 3! They know what RCT is! World failed Planet Rulez. Thanks Frontier! This game is almost well.. just the same as the old Rollercoaster system, Easy and NICE"
76561198200174149,Recommended,493340,31417460,Posted: 28 April,all,Retrogamer,THE BEST ROLLERCOASTER/THEME PARK TYCOON SIM EVER!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,493340,31427325,Posted: 28 April,all,Distantsic,A great game that unleashes all potential out of users! I love this game and i highly recommend it!
76561198236355246,Recommended,493340,31403088,Posted: 27 April,all,2_80's,My Potato Can Handle...11/10 IGNPOTATOEDITION
76561198039845348,Recommended,493340,31424919,Posted: 28 April,all,gludder,Great park builder.
,Recommended,493340,26652662,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SparkleRach,LOVE THIS GAMEBest Theme Park Builder <3
,Recommended,493340,26675028,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,MintRockets,The glorious days of RollerCoaster Tycoon 3 have returned.
76561198081122183,Recommended,493340,27214518,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DEWENAE [LegoLOVER152],"I got the Beta access and boy, I loved it, even though I have a computer that can't handle it, I still find it fun. Altough, you need a really beefy computer to play it, if you have a computer that don't match the strength of the minimum specs, you'll find yourself in a situation where almost all the textures are missing and it having a low framerate. Other than that, it is amazing!"
76561198061695718,Recommended,493340,27055661,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Osteven21,best coater building game
,Recommended,493340,30690657,Posted: 23 March,all,cessna9417l,"Fantastic game Frontier did it again, but....... If you are a sucker for good graphics 1080p or 4K quality, you must have the hardware for it. I'm running a 980ti and this is a top performer card and very a happy owner. However, even this card must run at almost top speed if you want to take full advantage of the insane graphic detail of this game. If you do not have a high performance card, DO NOT KICK THE GRAPICS ALL THE WAY UP or you will burn it to a crisp lol. Surprisingly enough tho, this game really does not murder your processor. Running an i7, which is a badass processor but when its putting in almost no effort, that means that this game will grant you processor mercy.  WTF!?!?!  SO....strangely easy on processor a devil on video cards. Have the right hardware and you will have a blast."
,Recommended,493340,26756539,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ilikepie21k,a game i have waited for since 2004what more can i say
76561198117061250,Recommended,493340,26750772,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ramogy,s
76561198143278418,Recommended,493340,31305430,Posted: 22 April,all,googlizer,this game is so much fun and the new security update gives you something else to do this game just keeps getting better and better definatley worth the money!
76561198292005880,Recommended,493340,29515502,Posted: 26 January,all,rektman18,awsome
,Recommended,493340,28320327,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Tidy,"The game is always adding new free content which is always a plus, a massive upgrade for anyone coming from RCT3, graphics are plus but on higher settings i hope u have something better than a 4th gen cpu :P Those wooden/hybrid coasters with mid to high settings enabled are very demanding on any system.amazing what people can create with this, just check out the workshop or youtube videos for yourself and decide for yourself, prety mind blowing what the comunity comes up with every week/month."
76561198048906823,Recommended,493340,28320321,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,axelwalden,"Looks like a great game, sadly I could not run it.  Will return to it when I get a new computer!"
,Recommended,493340,26664012,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,-=AJSA=- ChillestBro,"****////PRE-REVIEW\\\\****So after seeing some others play the game, I picked it up as well and holy cow, are there some neat features in this Theme Park Builder! And from just a brief glance, too!However I want to bring to the attention of the devs (since there isn't currently a discussion forum here) and to maybe a few others out there who are looking to buy but unsure about the PC requirements, this game DOES take some beefy specs. Currently I'm messing around with all the settings I can get my hands on and, while I can certainly muster 60 stable when looking at a static screen with any graphical setting, it seems like camera panning automatically stresses the GPU by a total of 15%, even at the lowest of settings AND at 720P, on my GTX 1070. This is a problem area for performance overall, and can hurt the experience immensely, as with IG V-Sync options turned on these camera pan stresses can cause the game to revert to a 30FPS cap. Using manual limits on framerates can yield much better performance overall, but you will notice tearing at times due to the high FPS costs of moving the camera around.As it stands at release I would recommend anyone who is a fan of Rollercoaster Tycoon games to go ahead and pick the game up, as it is an amazing take on the RTS Theme Park genre and truly fills a void that has been left empty for some time now, but if not or if you are concerned about performance issues or requirements, I'd hold off until more patch work is in place.***///UPDATED REVIEW\\\***After my original impressions I have found the game has been getting more and more fun to play, even if the performance and fidelity of the game seemingly falls short. The updates to the game have seemed to make things work more reliably, and the more I mess with systems, the better I get at finding out ways to work with it. I'd definitely recommend anyone who enjoys creative gameplay and planning out scenery and environments to grab this game ASAP! I have full trust the game will become what players want of it by the end of its lifetime!"
76561198045335489,Recommended,493340,28857130,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Skinless,"Best $45 ive spent, love everything except the ride rep, its broken. Im sure the devs will fix it.How many updates have we got compared to Roller Coaster Tycoon World since release ?"
,Recommended,493340,28978198,Posted: 3 January,all,Fraz,Good.........Yes good
,Recommended,493340,31458737,Posted: 30 April,all,floidy,Really nice little game. I was inspired to buy this after playing a LOT of Prisoin Architect. If you're into games like that then I would really recomend this game.
76561198074596510,Recommended,493340,31181237,Posted: 16 April,all,Chennabob,"Perfect Game in my opinion, bring your imagination to the screen and create epic park, rides , stadiums ect. 9/10 game!!!!"
,Recommended,493340,31322312,Posted: 23 April,all,Tw0tch,"Got a couple of hours in, so I feel like I can give a fair opinion about PC.It's one of those sims where you have to start the first scenario over a couple of times to get the hang of everything - you will most likely make a loss on your first few go's until you have figured out:1. The best wages for your staff members - to keep them happy and train them up to a level where they stay happy with their workload AND payments.2. People's favorite rides for your park - some will always attract people even if you put 10 of them in a row3. Where and how many food/drink/toilet stalls you have to put at certain points (Checking staff happiness helps with this too) - keep an eye on people's needs when they exit rides (at this point they have queued for a bit and they just had a ride behind them too) - gives you a good idea of what to put at exits.4. Ride ticket prices (and in effect your park entrance fee) - people get really happy when you have cheap entrance and fairly balanced ride prices - again, you have to figure out the point at which people start complaining, and when they are content with the prices for EACH ride.5. Ride positions and their entrances/exits. Make sure your entarnce and exits are fairly close together, lots of people want to go on the ride again :)So there you have it (in short) - If this all sounds like a snoozefest to you, don't buy this game - if you think OMG that's so cool and I want to be in control of everything and want to take the time to fail a few times (after which, when you get it right, it's SO satisfying lol) - Then this game is for you.If you enjoyed the older SimCity 4, Rollercoaster tycoon 1 and 2, then you will enjoy this too.Last note -Make sure you have a HIGH END system for this... It brings a 14 core 3.2ghz xeon and a highly overclocked 980 TI to it's knees at about 15 FPS in a busy park.,... with drops to 5 when building something. And to add to that, it does not matter if you run it in Lowest or Ultra settings, both give the same result, lol."
,Recommended,493340,31570680,Posted: 5 May,all,B4DB0Y,Nice game. I like the graphics a lot! very happy that i'm buying this game
76561198075987649,Recommended,493340,31415438,Posted: 28 April,all,jhines142,"Planet Coater, where do I begin? This game is awesome. I love everyhting about it, from park management to the peeps running around your park. Planet Coaster has taken what Roller Coaster Tycoon started and pushed to a whole other level. Adding complex scenery and triggers to rides, custom shops, if you have a creavtive mind this game is definitely for you. I wont go too far into it, however, the only, and I do mean only drawback, is the way the camera is. It seems locked and not as free as it should. Otherwise, If you liked Roller Coaster Tycoon, you will love Planet Coaster."
76561198066461799,Recommended,493340,31167343,Posted: 15 April,all,Banana Slpit (Yoopa Scrich),You guys should add a feature where you can go through the layers of a building because i am  finding it difficult to build stuff inside a building with a roof over it.If there is allready something like it i would like the key mapping for it. Also maybe a park size adjuster
,Recommended,493340,31197728,Posted: 17 April,all,BailsBach,"Great game. Definitely revives Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, but unfortunately DOES remove some features that I truly loved.If you want to buy this game because you believe it's the 'better looking' RCT3, don't buy it; even though it does borrow heavily with some elements from previous games, Frontier developements have focused more on building within the game, and less on rides and coasters. This is both good and bad, but it depends on what you enjoy.TL;DRIf you want a creative-side focused game where you build custom shops, entrances and mess with scenery, check out Planet Coaster.If you want less building shops, less focus on scenery and more building huge parks, check out Rollercoaster Tycoon 3.--In my own experience, RCT3 lets you cram as many rides as you can into one area, while Planet Coaster forces you to design and place intricate scenery so your park looks nice, therefore you'll spend less time building and placing rides if you want your park to look at all decent or good-looking.P.S;+Free updates!+High level of detail!+So many coasters!+Awesome soundtrack!+Loose track of time building!-No customisable 'shows' like Firework shows in RCT3.-Lack of flat rides.-More scenery items for a specific theme than others; makes you build in a certain theme.-Dodgy camera.-Hard to find specific scenery items (some don't come under search tags for some reason).OVERALL; 9/10Graphics / art style: 9/10Music: 8.5/10Usability: 8.5/10 (sometimes camera won't zoom correctly, etc.)Content: 8.5/10 (could have more flat rides)."
,Recommended,493340,31655567,Posted: 9 May,all,King Arthur,"I have been waiting for a game like this for so much time, since the classics Roller Coaster Tycoon's series (1 and 2). I would extremely recommend this game for a person who loves to decorate every corner and create amazing buildings with incredible detail, the rest of the game is great as well."
76561197991205148,Recommended,493340,31145165,Posted: 14 April,all,Faeyurne,"A worthy successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon 3!  Finally all my park management and building itches can be scratched.   Watch out, though: it can be a bit hardware demanding.HIGHLY recommended to creative types, sandbox lovers, or management tycoons."
,Recommended,493340,30313904,Posted: 4 March,all,SistwoCC,Planet Coaster is a realy good game i had it running on a 1gb graphics card and i was only getting 5fps with out ppl in but did have all rides and some trees in now that i have upgraded to a 6gb 1060 gtx geforce graphics card i get 10fps to 15fps thats will ppl inThe graphics for the game are goodBut i think that the game need to be better optimizeMy PC spec is 3.10ghz amd Phenom II8GB Ramwindows 10 64BitGeforce GTS 1060 (6GB)
,Recommended,493340,27871459,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Necro,This game brought back a massive amount of feels having played a ton of Roller Coaster Tycoon as a kid. This game is everything it says it is and more. The challenge mode is a great addition. The amount of creation you can do in this game is pretty incredible!! Stop reading and get it!
76561198010940424,Recommended,493340,27866725,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Levi Beargguy,Been building the same coaster/station for 50 hours but it hasnt gotten old
,Recommended,493340,26687083,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,L𝗬𝗦𝗘𝗥𝗚I𝗖𝗔L,"Spec: I5 4690k, AMD R9 390.Warning: Not sure if it's me or the game but I've hard crashed 3 times in 1 hour, meaning I have to cut power, for me this isn't an issue as I have power protection but if it is the game this could potentially corrupt OS.Good:- Lots of customization- Props are extremely high detail and well optimized- Great lighting- Great animations- Terrain & Water editing is up to scratch- Compared to RCTWorld it's 1000x better- It's Frontier obviously it's a good game.Bad:- The filter needs a lot of work, Ex. if you filter for Sci-Fi you will only get a small portion of what you would consider Sci-Fi- Some objects are very hard to find, partly due to the small UI and partly due to the filter system, you basically have to know what some objects are called if you want them or spend 10 minutes looking for them- Can't start without the path and half of it is out of the boundary so you're stuck with the red path at the entrance."
,Recommended,493340,26752189,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,rsdworker,Good game and i would received this - they done wellbut i would love to see more rides and more themes and underground mode and more and more options for ride entrance and exit modes eg dual entrances and exits and etcmy big favorite is elevator for people who wanting go up and go down from tall areas or could make a viewing platform
,Recommended,493340,28710582,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dickmoist3000,"Fantastic Game! Good graphics, realistic building, not more you can ask for!"
76561198055399432,Recommended,493340,28710013,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,"James, the Arkham Engineer",its like Colossal Order has blessed Frontier to build......what roller coaster tycoon 3 should've been.and i meant it in a good way.
76561197963327201,Recommended,493340,33698202,Posted: 21 July,all,Jhyrok,Great fun!
,Recommended,493340,26646887,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Tom,"A giant upgrade from RCT3, definately worth it"
,Recommended,493340,28722095,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[HGF],"If you ""test"" the coaster into the crowed, you can feel Satan laughing next to you as you laugh cry your way to Hell."
,Recommended,493340,28723948,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,(SGRNM) Dale Earnhardt Jr,I really love this game. All the controlls are so easy to use. Its very fun to play by your self really.
76561198026951433,Recommended,493340,32751623,Posted: 24 June,all,jubilante,"In terms of sandbox creativity, this is an awesome game. It's basically Roller Coaster Tycoon, but with better graphics and building tools, meaning you can make just about any kind of custom ride/park that you want.However that comes with a downside. The game is poorly optimized, meaning you need a rather good PC to be able to run it at any decent framerate. Especially when you are trying to do a large park with a lot of customization -- part counts can easily reach the hundreds of thousands, and the game renders EVERYTHING, ""visible"" or not, so it quickly starts to bog down your GPU. I have a 1080FTW, and medium-large parks I get about 30 FPS, and very large parks (full size maps) I'm lucky to get 10 FPS.Another point that tanks most computers is the AI intensity. Number of guests can climb into the thousands, which starts to tank the CPU. So combine that with poor graphics optimization, and you have a game that can barely run on lower end PCs.My biggest complaint however is that the actual simulation aspect of the game is seriously lacking. Most games of this genre, ie, RCT1-3, were so much fun to play because the sim was engaging. There was actually a point to playing challenges and scenarios, and some could be quite difficult. Planet Coaster is the complete opposite. The sim craft is terrible, the AI is rather stupid, and the actual business aspects of the game are horrible. Employees cost way too much to employ vs the amount you can sell goods for, guests demand too many shops which just further increases employee wages, the cost of rides and how they scale makes no logical sense for balance (you can easily charge $50 for a single ride, while guests only bring about $100 into the park, and yet they will complain when sodas go above $5. Not to mention park entry fee does not work at all). Basically, once parks get beyond a certain size they are completely unmaintainable and will not make money, especially when you have to guest cap your park just to be able to run it.And as far as content and dev support, this again is lacking. Frontier's content releases have merely been a few extra ride types (which are usually just reskins of existing ride types) and more assets. While that's nice, I would much prefer to see actual improvements to the game. This game has so much potential so be a great creative sandbox AND a sim game, but right now all it is good for is sandbox play (unlimited funds) just to create things.Obviously I very much enjoy the sandbox creativity and I do recommend the game if that's what you are interested in. But I still hold out hope that someday the execs at Frontier will actually want to make a good GAME."
76561198082714324,Recommended,493340,34638237,Posted: 31 August,all,T.,Nice but a bit more management challenge and detail needed.
,Recommended,493340,26680446,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SQvince,Absolutely recommended!
,Recommended,493340,31205881,Posted: 17 April,all,Baby Rey,"Buy it, it is a great game that provides lots of playtime."
,Recommended,493340,31206263,Posted: 17 April,all,Efteling Fan,Amazing game!Good Graphics!Good sounds!Realistic colors!nice attractions!Nice coasters!100% a wonderfull game!
,Recommended,493340,26721053,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,| HammerKick |,There is an achievement for how many visitors you killed when you crash a coaster.Masterpiece.
76561198004161456,Recommended,493340,26721088,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Soupisgood0404,The Cities Skyline of Roller Coaster Tycoon
,Recommended,493340,28423217,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Totally Not a Spy™,"The best rollercoaster game I have played!Pros:Very short loading timesBeautiful soundtrackHundreds of props (most of which can be recoloured)Nice graphics (even on low)Easy to understand controlsSteam workshop support so you can steal other people's amazing creations if you suckCons:FPS is bad when you have thousands of guests in your parkNot much focus on difficulty and managementOverall, If you're a fan of rollercoaster games, I would recommend it. However, if you're looking for a challenging management game, don't get it. If you do get it and you are an avid builder, expect to spend hours designing a single building. (I spent my first 10 hours of the game not even building rollercoasters, just the entrance...)"
,Recommended,493340,31308736,Posted: 22 April,all,PlasmicStorm,Probably the best tycoon game i have ever played.
,Recommended,493340,26646682,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Mdy,It's awesome
,Recommended,493340,35172163,Posted: 23 September,all,lumihime,"As a kid, Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 (the Platinum edition specifically) was my favorite game ever. I remember popping the disc in, hearing the menu music play, and making my own dream parks in sandbox mode.Planet Coaster brings all those memories back and more.PROSThere is a plethora of different coasters, rides, shops, and decor to choose from. You can create anything you could imagine in this game.The Steam Workshop is plentiful with custom content to add to your park!The graphics are beautiful, and almost lifelike--which is kinda funny considering the little people look cartoony.It runs great, and I have never had any bugs/glitches/crashes! This is important for sandbox games, as losing all your hard work can be very frustrating.All the little shops and decorations are so detailed and clearly have had lots of love put into them.More than just a coaster simulator, you can also use the extensive building and scenery tools to create towns and landscapes. I have done this for roleplaying purposes, and it worked well!CONSIt's a bit difficult to get used to, but the learning curve isn't too bad.The way the game rates rollercoasters is a bit harsh--you could create a winding ride with plenty of dips and turns, but it'll be considered 'not very exciting'.Sometimes, making paths connect or look a certain way can get annoying.This one is more of just personal taste, but I'm really not a fan of the music.I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who has enjoyed the Rollercoaster Tycoon series, or just wants a polished sandbox to enjoy."
76561198040267506,Recommended,493340,28150118,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,象のポルノ,"WOW! Growing up with the RCT series, this game really takes the cake! The coaster designer is beyond amazing and everything is so beautiful. I love the career levels. The hard levels are really... um HARD! I love challenges."
76561198031407785,Recommended,493340,28152129,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,michaelbretcooper,"This is by far the best theme park builder I have ever played! I played Roller Coaster Tycoon obsessively as a kid and in that respect this game delivers a ton of nostalgia while still being perfectly modernized and fresh. The depth of customization options is unreal, and there is endless room for expansion and more content in the future. This is the game I've been waiting for for years! Buy it if you are considering it!"
,Recommended,493340,26691207,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Elandorr,"Expected a good game, got massive amounts of awesome instead.10/10 would buy again."
76561198250568040,Recommended,493340,30250698,Posted: 28 February,all,Mysterical_BEAST,"this game has amazing graphics and works very well. It may be confusing to some people, but if you enjoy building sandbox, or just having fun, this game is for you."
,Recommended,493340,30269292,Posted: 1 March,all,austindecker32,Love it!  The game runs super smooth for me on highest settings and I found myself playing this game and building theme parks without even thinking about it.  This game is addictive.
76561198137073961,Recommended,493340,30264584,Posted: 1 March,all,INDOMINUS REX,I built hogwarts...
76561198042306844,Recommended,493340,30267852,Posted: 1 March,all,Delverado,"Fantastic game. However; Focuses more on detail and quality than quantity, Hopefully things will be expanded in the future but still well worth buying now."
,Recommended,493340,26664588,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,HeadStrikeR !,"This is a love letter for theme park simulation fans, it has all you could wish for. The athmosphere, the music, the freedom and creativity, it's all in there.You can share and download creations on the workshop, which is already filled with 12000 objects from simple to mindblowing. If you like Theme Park Simulators there is no way around Planet Coaster and this is only the beginning, seeing their game sitting on overwhelmingly positive will motive the devs to keep tending to their baby for a long time.This game shows what a developement team with passion can do and something like should be supported."
,Recommended,493340,26664635,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,tyria,Amazing fun.
,Recommended,493340,35039610,Posted: 17 September,all,Tampa Powers,"Having a real hard time recommending this quite honestly.Cons:-Financial system is a downright mess and forces you to make money through coasters, which is unrealistic and stupid-Shops are either bored and leave or complain they work too much for too little pay-The building area feels small and the transport rides thus feel useless, gets crowded quickly-While the level of detail is nice it does take its toll on the performance, when the park gets full it becomes a slideshow-The lack of styles for the coasters and transport rides compared to Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 is disappointing-The roster system is straight up garbage, you can't get janitors to clean the vomit up and the technicians just wonder off-The pathing system is nice, but they don't automatically tunnel through terrain and can be really annoying to fit into workshop designs since they are not saved as part of the blueprint-Making buildings from scratch is nice, but it means you will need to either grab them from the workshop or spend a few hours building your own, because you have no time to do that while the park is running-The amount of vandalism and theft is insane, at 10.000 guests its a constant notification popup and it gets super annoying, it's also not realistic-Guests hate walking long distances, yet they refuse to use transport rides to get to far flung parts of the park-Guests complain about not having enough money to pay for a ride, yet the ATM is free and right outside the queue-Requiring queues to look pretty is a nice touch, but the calculation on what is considered pretty is much too simple, a few rocks, trees and some effects at the entrance are enough, no need to actually paste them along the queue-You get notifications for a ton of stuff, but that drowns out notifications for ""you have no technicians and your rides are broken""-The pay vs. training mechanic is a nice touch, but the information of whether they are happy with their pay or not takes so long to set in that you end up losing them because you get caught up in something else-The park management window is far too large and wastes a lot of space in its lists, it also lacks critical information such as repair status and profit margins-Having coasters make automatic supports is nice and makes building easy, but the generated supports sometimes make no logical sense and can waste a lot of space, it's also very difficult to make them manually-The DLCs are a joke compared to what's on the workshop and those are free-The flat rides are either not visited at all or the guests hate them, but turning a profit on them is almost impossibleNow the good stuff:-It looks really pretty from near to far and really gives you a sense of accomplishment when seeing all the guests queue up-The coaster building is one of the best out there-The pathing and building system is intuitive and allows for a lot of customization-For creative people the freedom the game offers in terms of the design is really refreshing-Price is reasonable for what is offered and updates seem frequent so farOverall there is much to like for those who liked Rollercoaster Tycoon 3, but there is definitely room for improvement and frankly I would not consider this being out of Early Access yet."
,Recommended,493340,28323909,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Where's my Wife?,10/10Put in laround 30 hrs in 4 days. Enough said.
,Recommended,493340,28210951,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Oly,"I currently have 76 hours in this game.Every minute I spent on this game was worthed.If you are rollercoaster fan then you will enjoy this game as well.However there are some small tweaks that need to be changed. Managment needs to be tweaked a bit. They need to add more rides/attractions and they need to change loading/unloading from stations/rides. Unloading sometimes takes forever and new people can't load until everyone exit the exit ramp.You also need decent CPU since this game is not that well optimized, especially when you get over 5k people in your park and when you have added a ton of scenery.Everything else is perfect, sound/simulation/AI. I would recommend this game.Enjoy your playing!"
,Recommended,493340,28056178,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sc0rpion3 Gaming,"Planet Coaster is one of the best theme park simulation games to ever exist.With Steam Workshop support straight out the box and a dedicated developer at the helm, I can see this game pleasing our coaster cravings for a long time to come.The UI is easy to use.The different gamemodes will give you plenty to go at.This game gives you the tools to create whatever you can imagine.I would rate this game a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,493340,29809221,Posted: 9 February,all,Infekt,"I havent gotten to play it that much yet, but it's very similar to roller coaster tycoon 3 in a really good way and is overall pretty fun. The begining scenario's aren't that hard or fun though."
76561198075086001,Recommended,493340,26690014,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Patho,This game brings me back to RCT1 & RCT2 days. I just bought this game around 9:00pm Est last night and here I am writing you this amazing review. This game blew me away and I'm proud that I purchased this game and you should get excited about it as well. There is no negative comment about this game. Shape you're theme park the way you want it. Build it the way you want it with hundreds of tools at your disposal. This is truly an amazing game and is worth the price that it's asking.Currently I am playing on Challenge Mode on Medium and it's hard at first but eventually you will get the hang of it.My rating 9.5/10 Awesome game! :)
,Recommended,493340,28437821,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,MistyRonin,"Hi there,First I'd like to say that it's the first review I write for a game (even if I have used Steam for many years), so you can imagine how much do I enjoy Planet Coaster.I have to say that it's not a perfect game, and some things could use some polishing (it could really use a dark ride-mode for buildings), and additionally more content would be welcomed (like few more track rides, animals like in RCT3 Wild, etc.), but I will be sincere, as today Planet Coaster is by far the best theme park simulator in the market.So if you enjoy theme park simulators, this is your game. I'd recommend this game to all of those who like any kind of transport / park simulator and those who enjoy being creative. Because bear it in mind, it's a game tailored for creative people. You can spend hours simply to have a good looking restroom building.On a last note, I'd also like to give a thumbs up to the game devs, Frontier, for their support of the game so far."
,Recommended,493340,27498180,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Etsa,Planet Coaster is a fun and innovative Theme Park Management game. It's quite a lot of fun and has a lot of features.At first I gave a less than favorable review because of performance but....I found out that if you make sure your graphics card is in the slot CLOSEST to your CPU the game will run a LOT better and I tried it and this is true. I went from 30 FPS on LOW to 90+ on HIGH. Just by moving my graphics card!(I have a 1080 TI and I was getting 30FPS on LOW before I moved the card to a different slot.)
,Recommended,493340,33579061,Posted: 16 July,all,Gaming Authoritah,+ Graphically impressive+ Good background music+ Immense range of coasters and rides+ Challenge mode makes money a major factor+ Amazing camera views when riding the coasters+ The game has a good sense of humorMake up your own mind with this gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_fA8FhUTqg
,Recommended,493340,26967090,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Logicbomb,"Really fun and takes me back to the glory days of RCT and Theme Park. The amount of customization you can do is absurb and honestly overwhelming, Luckily you don't have to customize a thing if you don't want to.  I was turned off by the $40 price tag at  first but after putting 20+ hours into it, I can tell you it's well worth it."
,Recommended,493340,27489105,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Turtle,This game shows how even classic games can be revived with new software!
,Recommended,493340,27878016,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bigmonsterdog,"Dawg, if you like roller coaster tycoon 2 then you'll love this.  It's RCT2 on crack. Detail is awesome. Love it.  The other roller coaster game that came out is awful and this is king.  Long live planet coaster."
,Recommended,493340,29420839,Posted: 22 January,all,[N]oobert.,Remember what it was like play Rollercoaster Tycoon? This game is the very embodiment of Rollercoaster Tycoon but updated with more cool stuff. I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves building and maintaing parks like I did growign up as a kid. The best part though? The developers actually care about the game and are constantly adding new and cool things.10/10 - Buy and lose yourself in countless hours of enjoyment.
,Recommended,493340,29756949,Posted: 6 February,all,Tight Scrotum Toss,"Planet Coaster is the game which builds upon the greatness of Roller Coaster Tycoon 1 and 2 in todays era. This game seemingly adds it's own twists and interaction that you will love if you have any nostalgia towards the early RC series. Furthermore, thus far it appears to be receiving awesome developer support which is always a great thing to look towards in a title.Overall, buy this game."
76561198082321333,Recommended,493340,30364896,Posted: 6 March,all,something_wild,Great Game!
,Recommended,493340,30367936,Posted: 6 March,all,crimsonfancy,Most valuable title I have in my library.
76561198024784359,Recommended,493340,31092041,Posted: 11 April,all,ejohn1119,"By far the best theme park simulator ever, and it just keeps getting better with the updates. Thanks Frontier!"
,Recommended,493340,31103916,Posted: 12 April,all,Savana Marlark,"Lovely game - the sandbox mode is brilliant and gives plenty of opportunities to be creative without worrying about money. The career parks are less interesting, however in the absence of a tutorial are a good way of getting to grips with the game. The challenge parks are likely to appeal more to those who enjoy the economic challenge.There are a couple of downsides, the camera controls are fiddly and can be a pain when trying to create coasters - particularly underground ones, and some of the metrics the park and coasters are rated on are rather counter intuitive.However, overall a really fun game which, if you enjoy being creative will suck up hours very fast - I think my current record is nearly 10 hours on a dark ride which still isn't fully complete!"
76561198024329575,Recommended,493340,26727844,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Lord // Buksh,"There have been many roller coaster games over thelast few years. But i haveto be honest my favourites were Bullfrogs themepark, theme park world e.t.cWatching the videos and trailers for this game its clear a lot of work and effort has gone into it, And it shows!This game is the closest to what i enjoyed about the original 'Theme Park' on the amiga but a whole lot more in depth.From work roster for staff to building your own custom shell for your toilets or burger shop, If you want you toilet to be hidden away in a forest or an aztec pyramid you can do this or perhaps you've seen something on the workshop that you'd like to use!Its not often a game is released where you can say ""This was worth the money!"" but this really is IMO and then some!"
,Recommended,493340,28700119,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Chainfire,"This is my go-to game to just kick back and relax. There's something peaceful about designing in Planet Coaster's world. Whether I'm making a coaster, or just placing trees and rocks around. With the right amount of effort and time, you can make wonderful creations that look completely realistic, and like something you would see at a real life theme park! This is in my top 5 games at the moment. 100% worth a buy"
76561198048238212,Recommended,493340,28995228,Posted: 3 January,all,Skwash,Water expansion?
,Recommended,493340,29898633,Posted: 13 February,all,ThunderTNT,"The best coaster simulation game on the market right now, I have played Roller Coaster Tycoon World and this is in all aspects better."
,Recommended,493340,29990954,Posted: 17 February,all,Hikkachoo,"This game is a sheer masterpiece, as a fan of the original roller coaster tycoon series i can definitely recommend this game, but be warned it is very hard to run and if you even have just below the recommended specs you will not have a very fun and good time, and if you have the minimum specs, you will struggle to get more than at max 2-3 thousand people in your park. An example of time is that i have been playing on a world for about 11-12 hours and i have got 9,000 guests, this means that you will have to constantly make new worlds in order to get a decent and a respectable framerate. But if computer specs are no issue for you, then you will have an amazing time. If you played the original roller coaster games then you should pick up the core controls fairly quickly. This game is insanely brilliant."
76561197972675915,Recommended,493340,30348488,Posted: 5 March,all,OptiCrunch,"If you have any nostalgia for RCT, then this is for you. It takes RCT and adds amazing physics and customizability, kind of like LBP."
76561198178813753,Recommended,493340,31087816,Posted: 11 April,all,terracottaman,This is definitely one of the best tycoon games I've ever played.  The graphics are good and it doesn't take year and a half to learn the controls and how to play.  I would absolutely recommend this to a friend.
,Recommended,493340,31088576,Posted: 11 April,all,JiN#EXiA,"Very addicting and fantatics graphic with smooth controls ,gameplay with amazing angle view and animation looks."
76561198027508317,Recommended,493340,31089203,Posted: 11 April,all,Laimis,amazing game! lots to do.
76561198052235063,Recommended,493340,31089503,Posted: 11 April,all,PimpinFreshJiveMonkey,This is probably the most well made and well supported sim game I have ever played. It's amazing.
76561198150826848,Recommended,493340,31934489,Posted: 24 May,all,brunovandernet,"Hello! This game is really awesome! Amazing quality!There is one thing though... that could make this game even better (for me)... POOLS!it would be really cool if you could add water slides, pools, etc...Thank you a lot for this game though! i love it!Bye!Matisse"
76561197970680536,Recommended,493340,26743427,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Chimp Militia,"Awesome game. If you loved the old RCT games, you'll most certainly love this!"
,Recommended,493340,27497176,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Laissez Faire,I never played any of the roller coaster tycoon games of any kind before this. But this blew away my idea of what this kind of game should be. The amount of customization is unbeliveable and offers many ways to make a functional theme park.
76561198033427960,Recommended,493340,28358711,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,k1ng r4t,"I mostly play this game for the scenery; that is, building stuff. In that sense, it's one of the best builders out today short of being a developer yourself. The UI for both scenery and building placement, though not perfect, is probably the best I've come across (which is quite a few). It's a bit clunky, but it does almost everything you need and it does it on the fly. There's a learning curve and I had to re-map some keys, but it's so accurate you can place things down to the millimeter. It can try to fight you at times, but once you get the hang of it you appreciate it more.There's a very good selection of pieces, again probably the most I've come across (more but I wouldn't say a TON more than RCT3), though again when you really get into it you realize it's missing a few things that are keeping it from true greatness. No mailboxes? No pieces small enough to make my own mailbox? ...Blasphemy! However I do think over time all of this stuff will be added in in some way and this game will probably be the best builder to date.....and that's just considering the superficial scenery stuff.The landscaping tools are by far the best I've ever come across, it's amazing how fluid and user friendly they are. And the undo/redo buttons. Yes. Not much else to say, just be in awe of how powerful this editor is and all the cool stuff it allows you to do.The coaster editor is incredibly well done and again allows you to be precise down to the degree. It gives you plenty of pre-designed options for loops and corkscrews, but hell if you REALLY wanted to you do have control of every little detail, and so can mimic twists and turns from some of the best coasters in the world today. Planet Coaster does an excellent job of translating real life coaster physics into a game. You can really tell the guys did their research here.I didn't think I'd be nearly as into the management aspects as I am. It's not the most complex system, and once again it's lacking in just a few ways that are keeping it from greatness, and there are of course realism conflicts, but it works very well within itself and knows exactly how to keep you wanting more.And of course, the graphics are superb. The game isn't particularly well optimized and is VERY CPU intense - most games put my CPU at around 10-15%, Planet Coaster is around 30-40%. But there are a ton of video options to customize it to your rig and make it more than playable. Check the minimum requirements but it should work just fine on any setup from the last 3-5 years. Expect performance issues though, it get's worse as your park grows.""Let me just raise the prices of the bathrooms real quick, then I'll go to bed; ok I'll wait one more month to see if it makes a difference...oh wow that was some pretty good income, let me do the other shops then I'll Save my game...........money! ♥♥♥♥ it, I'm going to build a brand new coaster!!; it needs more excitement; it needs a house...;    ....Is that the sun??♥♥♥♥♥♥..""Anyways, if you're looking for a builder, you can't go wrong with Planet Coaster. And the workshop and community around it is amazing. If you're looking for a management sim, it isn't the most elegant nor the most complex, but it is well thought out, and when it comes down to it that's what matters most.Planet Coaster excels more than other games at just about everything it does, and I know I'll be playing it for a long time to come...but currently it comes a little short of amazeballs status. There will be wtf moments where you'll be asking""...why?""or ""what were they thinking?"" And it takes away from the greater effect. But it's mostly lack of content, peep AI, and a slightly awkward UI that are holding it back, and these can all be fixed with time.$45 is a lot of money. I personally would not spend it lightly. But, if you're not on the verge of welfare and this genre is up your alley, it'll probably be the best $45 you've ever spent. If you're a little unsure if it's your cup of tea, there's no shame in waiting for a sale...but definitely pick it up then. Because it is a fantastic game with fantastic developers and a fantastic community, plus it will be supported for years to come and is vastly superior to any...other *cough* unmentioned...modern theme park sims.9/10 Would stay up all night again....oh, I did. Oops..."
76561198044011101,Recommended,493340,30051408,Posted: 19 February,all,undecidedapollo,"Wow! All I can say is wow. Having played RCT2 and RCT3 growing up, I have always wanted another modern coaster building game. Planet Coaster has exceeded my expectations and allows me to be a kid again! Thank you Frontier for your hard work and dedication and allowing me to be a kid again!10/10 - Worth every penny!"
76561198090142318,Recommended,493340,32305049,Posted: 9 June,all,Pictures Framed,Amazing theme park simulator and the true succesor to Roller Coaster Tycoon 3. Graphics are great and the detail is spot on. Rides like RMC and B&M Wing Coasters can be build in your park its absolutely fantastic. It is missing things but I have faith in Frontier to bring these things via updates. ONE NEGATIVE that isee is this game is poorly optimized and when you allow guest into your park your CPU usage goes to the max. Highly Reccomend that you buy and download!
,Recommended,493340,29413172,Posted: 21 January,all,UndeadBob,"I really wish that someone had told me... aboutthese tutorial videosbefore I bought the game.  Seriously,when deciding whether or not to buy, these videos cover almost all aspects of the gamein four 5-minute videos."
76561198046812833,Recommended,493340,28533736,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Märtinö,Amazing game...
,Recommended,493340,29954714,Posted: 15 February,all,Krout Salad,"If you liked the original Tycoon series this is a great game. Frontier has definitely proven worthy and the community and workshop of this game goes beyond imaginable in terms of creation, I hope to see more from the devs!"
,Recommended,493340,29952136,Posted: 15 February,all,DatBoiCasper,"This game is an excellent game for creating rollercoasters! You can build amazing (or awful!) rollercoasters and the enviroments around them, with amazing quality as shown by those on the steam workshop. I myself have managed to get 3 green on every coaster type with little difficulty.This is not how ever a good tycoon game. For anyone who is a keen player of managment or tycoon games you will be disapointed by this element. I was able to build a small cheap roller coaster that i could place multiple times in a park and break the system to make an uncessacery ammount of money.I would highly reccoment this game to anyone creative as building your parks feel prgressive and a unique experience."
,Recommended,493340,30198321,Posted: 26 February,all,PhilFisher,"When the next gen coaster sim wars were heating up, I was hesitant to pick between RCT World and Planet Coaster. The both looked good, free-design of rollercoasters, and solid piece by piece construction. All looked right with the development on both sides, then RCT World released first. Honestly I felt that is was alright for a beta, but wasnt very impressed. When Planet Coaster was released, I found myself impressed and honestly a little overwhelmed. There was soo much control, so much design, and development. I felt that Planet Coaster was the clear winner. So let me give you some bullet points as this is already too verbose.Pros:- Flexible coaster designer- Robust piece by piece construction- Large map sizes- Solid performace for mid level grpahics cards (GTX970)- Easy to use UGC management, simple to get from workshop to game, and to upload from game to workshop.- Animatronics, track based triggers, tons of scenery pieces really add flavor and life.Cons:- Too many choices can be overwhelming- Somewhat steep control system learning curve (honestly controls are great, just takes a while to get used to it)- Sound track sounds like something from an Indie Americana/Folk label and can be annoying on long load times.Final Rating: 9/10Polished, well developed, and can easily lose a day building a first aid stall."
76561198316275545,Recommended,493340,31066922,Posted: 10 April,all,Arrow_Tsar,"Great game, perfect for any theme park fan!I like:How reallistic the coasters are (RCT3 had coasters that didn't exist IRL and wasn't very realistic)The building system is very different from RCT3, it has a lot more elements to play withThe detail is amazingThe shops are all brands made for the game, in RCT3 they were mostly independentI dislike:The high specs make it hard for standard home/business computer/laptop users to playOn the Intamin (Invincible) Giga Coaster, the brakes are marked friction when they're actually magnectic (They're the same type of brakes used on Millennium Force at Cedar Point)All in all, this is a great game, for some reason I'm having troubles with getting the game to work (keeps crashing on start up) but I find it fun and if you're a coaster enthusiast or just someone who likes rollercoasters, then this game is for you, even if you're just a fan of simulation or management games this is a good game."
76561198027774934,Not Recommended,493340,35320517,Posted: 29 September,all,Great Protector,"While the core game is fun it seems that the developers were very slim with the content they released with the base game, mostly in the areas of scenery, themed paths, etc. RCT3 seemed to have better options for creating a specific theme and feel to the park. Unfortunately they have focused on DLC packs (like the recent Haloween inspired pack) that should have been included in the initial release.This concept of releasing bare-bones games then trying to stuff DLC down player's throats with things that they should've included off the bat is a key component of what is wrong with the gaming industry today."
,Recommended,493340,28653881,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Justin Trudeau,"Built a drink shop very 20 meters, guests are thirsty.Built a Chief Beef next to the drink shop every 20 meters, guests are hungry.10/10"
,Recommended,493340,26652796,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Zebrabox,The roller coaster tycoon sequel that you always wanted
76561198204810007,Recommended,493340,26674032,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Wisns,A-Mei-Zing !!!!!
76561198187778486,Not Recommended,493340,31676673,Posted: 10 May,all,kate.chakowski,"Has potential, but I just could'nt get into it. I enjoy the park management aspect of theme park games, not so much the design aspect. I found it too overwhelming with the scenary and wasnt a big fan of the challenges. I miss the first RCT and am disapointed this didnt have more of the same elements. Have requested a refund considering the high price tag. Would buy again for a 30.00 ish dollar amount, no more than that."
,Recommended,493340,28844509,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Overkill,"This is the best theme park type game ever released. Ontop of the exceptional graphics and the brilliant game, you have the workshop which is fantastic and adds so much depth to this title. This for me is easily in my top 10 favourite games ever released on Steam. Brilliant.My Score 10/10!"
,Recommended,493340,28122637,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MattyCapp,RollerCoaster Tycoon World? What's that? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
,Recommended,493340,31454302,Posted: 29 April,all,Brently,Where's the zoo DLC? My hard earned cash was thrown onto this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥expecting a zoo DLC. The fact that this game doesn't already have zoo DLC is a god damned joke.
,Recommended,493340,31433406,Posted: 29 April,all,DSBrothers05,Best best best. I love this game. Soon i will make youtube videos on this game on my channel MSY 2.0. Pleace watch.
,Recommended,493340,26739871,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,s4mple,I want the old roller coaster tycoon 2 path placement this new one is terriblebut other than that it is a great game
76561198283506052,Recommended,493340,32020616,Posted: 28 May,all,Redheadtitan,This game allows you to build any rollercoaster you could imagine or take someone elses and put it in your park
,Recommended,493340,26650964,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,JamesForKing,"For now I'm only reviewing the building aspect of the game, because that's all I've played the last few days. I haven't really gotten to park managment aspect yet. But I'm just going to say...holy crap. It's amazing. I was listening to a youtuber and he said the soundtrack alone makes you tear up. It's true. This game is overwhelmingly awesome. The sheer attention to detail is amazing, and this is just at the day one release. I can only imagine what's possible with this game.The way the steam workshop ties in to the game is amazing as well, being able to upload your buildings and use other's effortlessly. It's a very simple and intuitive method.Just one thing, I beg of you developers. Never become like The Sims and have in-game purchases. Never."
76561198068002611,Recommended,493340,26650981,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,senormom1,"Edit 11-19-2016 i.e. two days later... note, wherever you see 12,000 replace it with 18,000. Meaning the community added 6,000 mods/skins in two days.Edit 11-21-2016 note, wherever you see 12,000 replace it with 22,000.Before i begin i must say that i don't care for this type of game... Of the over 1,200 titles i do have very few are sim based, most especially rollercoaster based. That being said Planet Coaster is just begininng and it is already so much more than a coaster sim. I think it is safe to say that this title has a toe, hand, whatever metaphor you would like; in many game genres. Like Skyrim, Morowind, GTA, etc. this game starts of with a fantastic game; add in almost 12,000 skins/mods made by the community and you have the making of greatness. Sure you can follow a path and build a town just like, insert your favorite sim title here, but you can also play with physics just like, insert your favorite physics engine or game here, even wander around and enjoy the sights of the digital world, just like, insert your favorite walking simulator game here, (by the way who invented the term ""walking simulator"" what a stupid name for what is usually a fun type of game) , or better yet have fun and cause destruction and chaos just like, GTA or other favorite mahem game.  Yes you could call it a sandbox also. What kind of world would you like to make: jungle, spaceship, cartoony, medieval, old west, modern, prehistoric, dark, light, scary, carnival, old world, new world? If you can't find it; wait or make it yourself. Care for a strategy game? This can happen here also. Build your world bring in the people, then do with them however you like. I tend toward the GTA type of reaction myself.The graphics are great, the community, well you tell me, with almost 12,000 extra bits, as of this review, to add to the game before it even comes out makes for a near endless platform in which to invest many days of enjoyment in.I'm running this game on a mid range laptop. Not too fast not too slow. Single nvidia gforce 860 gpu and the game runs nicely. I will say that there was a little lag about 4 days ago but since then the developers have released 3 updates since. Each one adding more to this game as well as tightening up the code and the response time.Very few games make me long for VR but wow, if this had VR and VR could keep up with it; you would have the stuff that we only see in movies and in our fantasies. At least the non-x rated ones.Long story short this game is still a babe in the woods and it is fantastic. With the developer and the community's work this game could turn into something epic. Definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,493340,26673027,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,starcrescendo,"I have much more time into this game than recorded because it was available in an alpha and a beta version where I played a lot more. Planet Coaster is really an essential game for your library for a ton of reasons/scenarios:-If you are a fan of the series, and you wanted Roller Coaster Tycoon 4 this is definitely it and much better at the moment than Atari's own Roller Coaster Tycoon World game.-If you are a creator/builder/simmer, you will love the games overly in-depth build mode that allows to you make almost anything, roller coasters, buildings, ride shells, shops, structures, landscapes, and more. The sculpting tools for modifying the landscape are amazing probably the best I've seen in any game-If you are a fan of simulation games, you will love the care into all the details to managing the game including setting the prices of every individual ride, balancing your cash with gues happiness, saving up for new rides, and managing your cash flow-If you are a tinkerer you will love the attention to detail such as real life physics on the coasters that determine speed, velocity, lateral and g-forces that you can tweak to make a better coaster-If you are a gamer in general you should appreciate this game for its fun factor but also for the story behind it.I'll sum it up as quickly as I can. This was a long-standing series known as Roller Coaster Tycoon. Well, for whatever reason, Atari, the company behind it, let the series sit for more than 9 years without even announcing a new game. Finally, they announced Roller Coaster Tycoon World which was to be the latest addition to the series. But for whatever reason they decided not to let Frontier, the company that had built the last 3 games, make it. Perhaps they found someone cheaper, or someone who wouldn't give any push back to the CEOs that just wanted to cash-in on the name of the game. Either way, they went through 4 developers trying to get the game made, meanwhile Frontier decided to work on Planet Coaster, which really is the true sucessor to Roller Coaster Tycoon made by the people who actually know how and have made the game previously.During the devleopment process Frontier was very transparent with everything going on in the game. Something that is literally unheard of by any major company, you only usually get this level of involvement into the process with some indie games. But for the whole ride (sorry bad pun) the developers were contacting players for feedback, they introduced 2 community managers, Ed and Bo, who put on livestreams where they not only played the game in whatever state it was in at the time but also answered questions, bonded with the community, introduced us to behind-the-scenes stories and developers, and slowly and dastardly revealed new features all the way up until launch. In the end, I think most of the community can agree they accomplished literally EVERYTHING in the game from previous Roller Coaster Tycoon games along with most of the features that players were asking for.But what happened to Roller Coaster Tycoon World? Well, you will find it launched on steam a day before Planet Coaster. This was the developers' last ploy to cash in on the name before people heard about Planet Coaster. Roller Coaster Tycoon World is a mess. It shows that 4 different companies had been working on it. The UI is atrocious, the game is buggy, runs poorly, and the developers show no interest in the players instead actually insulting players for providing feedback on the game. They also annouced a Roller Coaster cash-grab game for mobile devices. It's basically a copy-paste of Roller Coaster Tycoon World but with... MICROTRANSACTIONS! So they can cash-in even more. They have no regard for their players, only with cashing-in on the brand name. It shows in the fact that they released their alpha quality game to the public to instead work on their mobile cash-grab.With Planet Coaster, you can see the passion in the game developers, all of them, they stand behind their game and support it and will probably support it for a long time. The game oozes charm, care, attention to detail, and is loaded with easter eggs and those ""fun"" things that many modern developers don't put in games any more. Planet Coaster is a tremendous game that will only get better. While Roller Coaster Tycoon World is still basically an alpha that was released to the public with the promise ""we'll fix it later"", Planet Coaster is a full-release stellar AAA game released right now with a promise that ""we'll make it better"" but even if they don't (which I guarantee they will) you basically have Roller Coaster Tycoon 4 already: a well-polished new entry with amazing modern graphics, in-depth financial micro-managing, creation tools to build whatever you wish, and steam workshop support. You can't ask for much else.If I had to give any one negatives it would be this: There is a lot to take in, but if you really look at it, the core game is lacking some variation. There aren't a lot of flat rides, there really isn't a lot of different coaster types, stalls, etc. In previous titles a lot of this variation came from expansion packs so I would expect them to release DLC to make the game more on-par with previous entries. It's just slightly disappointing when there's only like 30 rides at the moment and some of those are just variations of the same type of ride.Overall, if you are on the fence, GET IT. You will enjoy the heck out of it and support a great developer. I have no reason to believe we won't see even a few free content updates in the near future as this has already been accidentally tipped off by the community managers. Watch one of the livestreams to get a feel for the developer as a whole and of course the game and I'm sure you will be pulling out your credit card."
76561198345347783,Recommended,493340,31997015,Posted: 27 May,all,suzmurphy,it is amazing !so beautiful
,Recommended,493340,26652883,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Tai,So good
,Recommended,493340,30625189,Posted: 19 March,all,[2ndLt] A.Self [PTF],:)
,Recommended,493340,28171456,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,AnimeGrill,p good
,Recommended,493340,31189214,Posted: 16 April,all,EXo,"Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 remake (Y)Good game but it has some small cons;-Not many different types of attractions- Not very optimized for many visitors to your park, CPU usage is at 80-90% (4790k)- It has room for improvement, such as more attractions, better optimizions and some cheat codes like in RCT3Pros- RCT3 remake!!- Priceworthy, easy to spend too much time in one session- What more can I say? It has plenty of scenery tools, free to place items whereever you want them- More or less RCT3 x100Buy it"
76561198104638351,Recommended,493340,28322191,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Electron192,"Amazing. This game captured the kid in me again and I can say that I can't be sad while playing this game! King coaster's voice alone made me simile for about a day or two. They captured the fun that people had while playing Roller Coaster Tycoon, and you took it to the next level! Im so excited to see what Frontier has next for this game in terms of updates, dlc, or holiday specials. The coaster creation and park management is very complex and leaves infinite room for as much customization as you want. I swear, if you are willing to put in the time, you can make ANYTHING! One thing to say about this game though, it is not for people who like non-stop action. There are a lot of time in this game where you need to just calm down, listen to the music, and just watch the Guests react to the enviornment you have created. In this game, there is a mode for almost everyone! For people who hate slow starts and arent very creative, go to career mode. For people who have a lot of creativity and don't want the restrictions of funds, got to Sandbox. For you Roller Coaster Tycoon lovers who want a clean slate that you still have to manage, go to Challenge mode! I will warn you though, until you are willing to think outside the box and try different ideas that pop into your mind, this game will seem shallow to you due to how little there is to place that is pre-built that will fit your park. Do I think the game is finished? No. Do I think it's worth 45$ and you should buy it? Heck Yeah. Enjoy the parks my friend!"
,Recommended,493340,31230881,Posted: 18 April,all,Coco Pops,Very GoodWith More thing keep coming
,Recommended,493340,28604980,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,NitroBucket,Best park simulation i ever played
,Recommended,493340,26836953,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,₹GemmaFaye₹,"The best rollercoaster simulator to date, This is a must buy for ayone into this type of game."
76561197970790746,Recommended,493340,28599246,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DocGrit,"This is a very good park building game and I would definitely reccommend it to anyone who enjoyed the old Roller Coaster Tycoon games.The strongest element of this game is your ability to create amazing looking parks with rides and shops integrated into the scenery. The ability to overlap and combine scenery elements and place them almost anywhere makes this possible. The ride camera lets you experience the park from a first person perspective on your rides, even the flat rides. The music in this game is also spectacular. If you want to create 'the park of your dreams', this game is definitely for you.There are some areas where improvement is needed however. Many of the scenery and decorative pieces cannot be placed on a grid like the walls can, which can make intricate architecture a fiddly chore. There are a limited number of scenarios, which spike in difficulty. I would have liked to see more scenarios with a more linear progression. The track builder tool can sometimes be rather unresponsive, preventing you from getting the rotation or drop angle you want without dragging the mouse all over the screen. Some of the rides and stations operate in a very inefficient way as well.Overall this game is stronger on the building side than the management side but all of the issues I have identified are fixable."
76561197993270864,Recommended,493340,31089324,Posted: 11 April,all,Lyin' Devil!,"The thing i love about this gamer is how the hours go by and you don't even notice.  I have spent hours working on 1 coaster just to get it right.  Looking at stats, trying to get every last ounce of exicitement rating or droppping nasua rating.  The game itself never gets boring."
,Recommended,493340,30191950,Posted: 26 February,all,Jambers,It's not rollercoaster tycoon world.
,Recommended,493340,26674209,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dr. Zaius,"I love this game, its like Thrillville but even more sandbox. I just wish that I could really get into the game, but Planet Coaster keeps crashing even though I meet the requirements and I really hope that someone will look into this."
76561198119235868,Recommended,493340,33719681,Posted: 22 July,all,Klenki,One of the best games I ever played! Love it!
,Recommended,493340,28764809,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,EverydayIsMemes,Can you please make a mac version. PLEASE
,Recommended,493340,26720236,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,What,I member.
,Recommended,493340,26735776,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Groover,"Amazing, so much detail, so much options, and with the workshop sky is the limit.If you enjoy building sims or roller coaster tycoon just buy it, dont think about it just buy it :)"
,Recommended,493340,33615726,Posted: 17 July,all,Grave,You know how you always wanted that remaster of Rollercoaster Tycoon?
,Recommended,493340,31170605,Posted: 15 April,all,badtRIP 🐼 Mental Disability,Yes
,Recommended,493340,30953318,Posted: 4 April,all,SmithyofNormandy,Rollercoasters r the dankest
,Not Recommended,493340,29451813,Posted: 23 January,all,10Snipershot,"The game is decent. It's good if you  are someone who likes to build. It's the minecraft of tycoon games. You can customize a WHOLE lot within your park. However, for those who like mangement games then this one is not for you. I put seven hours in the game over three days and haven't gone back since. It's very hard to get a park going as three months after you build a coaster it becomes old. Old coasters recieve less guests.If I build a super ultra scary upside crazy as ♥♥♥♥ coaster no one will go on it. I know there are some CRAZY people who will go on any ride. I wish some of the park guests would be like that, maybe give the ride at most five visits a month. But nope. No one ever goes on it.Oh yeah. Back to the old coasters. So a coaster grows old. The best fix? delete and rebuild it. Very relaistic.The issue is. Rebuilding or adding new rides to your park is expensive. It's practically impossible to start off without following an EXACT guide or something. I couldn;t get a park running until I glanced at the steam guides.The game also does not have water rides, other then the log ride, sadly. I was hoping for a Rollar Coaster Tycoon 3 type of water / ride park.Those are the major issues. Here is a list of pros and consPROS:- Graphics are good- Runs fine on ultra with a good desktop- Can run decently on a bad laptop- In depth building- Mulitple maps- Custom music option- Steam workshop- Graphs and Information- Decent UICONS:- Lack of in-depth mangement- Hireable staff members are the exact same as the ones in RCIII. Nothing new.- Guests will only go on rides the game likes. No one is a risk taker.- VERY hard to start the game- Ride aging- No option to select which monitor to run the game on- No water park options [Which is fine. But RCIII had it.]- I can't charge guests a crazy amount of money for food like they do at real parks- Lack of non coaster rides- Once you use up your money you have to wait a LONG time at the start to get more. Slow game.I prefer RCIII over this game. It's fun. It's good. But it's not my type of game."
76561198048117468,Recommended,493340,34568838,Posted: 28 August,all,CrawDaddy,"This is the true sequel to the RCT franchise. I have played the RCT franchise since i was around 8 years old and put countless hours into these games especially RCT 2 probably building over 100 full parks on all combined. Planet Coaster takes everything amazing Frontier did with those games and puts it all into one fantastic package. You can build anything you can think of. The Creative freedom that this game gives you with 360 degree placement, path building, and of course the coaster creator is unmatched in the theme park/ amusment park simulation genre. If you have ever played and enjoyed Roller Coaster Tycoon 1-3 or have the desire to create a park with unlimited possibilities, Buy this game."
76561197989308688,Not Recommended,493340,28319778,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Nomlette,"Love the RTC series, and I guess I was expecting this to reignite that enjoyment I had out of previous rollercoaster games.This game made me realize that it's the challenges and objectives that made the RTC games so enjoyable for me.On top of that, the game has so many small things that add up to switch me off it.The ""mmm Tasty!"" and ""CHIEFF BEEEEEF!!!"" voice that plays when you put Burger Bars down for example had me wondering if I had imagined things. Absolutely bizzare design decision. Why do we need voices playing when placing shops anyway? The simple satisfying 'clunk' of 90% of building games would have been all it needed.The menus and the whole 'Place your avatar on the Planet!' made me feel like I was playing a game designed for people much younger than myself, and I think the target audience in fact must be people born after 1999. This is of course not an issue if you like it, just saying, it is something that I found annoying personally.The objectives are absolutely woeful and compared to scenarios like Leafy Lake or Diamond Heights, they lack any sort of inventive charm at all in my opinion. You never get the feeling that you're building a park for the long haul. It always feels like the top prize is only 30 minutes away, and most of the time it's far quicker than that.I would also have liked a one click option to turn on a consistent, map-wide grid for a more geometric building style. Some of the angles my paths went at were wild and frustrating, even when I had 'Snap 90' switched on.There are of course many good aspects to this game and the positive reviews are indicative of this, but I suspect there will be many of you who buy this game and share the same confused dissapointment that I did. Graphics and scenery are both fantastic. I didn't have the technical issues many on here report either. I have no doubt that many will love this game and I hope that as many people as possible do, because the world has been deprived of Rollercoaster games for too long. I am sure that vast majority of players will enjoy and love the amazing array of customization and creative freedom that the game offers. Unfortunately however, it just didn't do it for me.This remains the only game I have ever refunded on Steam and have to say that the refund was prompt and excellent service in that regard."
76561198213938296,Not Recommended,493340,33991012,Posted: 3 August,all,Asz8,"If you like the theme-park building genre you can't go wrong with Planet Coaster.When I first bought it a few time ago it had many bugs and it didn't give me the best impression, but now, playing it after the Summer Update and many other updates that fix the errors, it is a very nice game.BUT...... There is a big problem with the game. I do have a powerful computer and can still notice how the framerate drops after building different coasters. It is sad that a good game like Planet Coaster isn't good optimized... The developers should work on that. If they fix it I'm sure people will all love it.I will update the review in the future if the problem with the omptimization is fixed!"
,Not Recommended,493340,27910495,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Alfonso Matador,"If you're like me who can only play games for a small amount of time every week and cannot download lots of stuff from the internet (due to data caps and such), this game is not for you.In this game, you are expected to create your own content and/or download it from the Steam Workshop. With that said, the content this game without any modifications and/or additional downloading is very little. For example, if you want to create a Pirate themed park, your choices are very limited. You only get around 2 of each facility (food stand, coffee shop, toilet, etc) that are pirate-themed and just ONE (1) pirate-themed ride.So if you're not the type to spend hours designing a burger stand or have the ability to download more content from the Steam Workshop, don't get this game."
,Not Recommended,493340,35190812,Posted: 24 September,all,Cuphead,"Probably the most disappointing game I've seen yet, it makes me sad to not be able to play it,  because it's the only good (gameplay wise) modern amusement park management game around now.It's a very fun game, but it's impossible to run, and i had to refund it because of this.  Even the best PCs will start having major problems once you get past a certain number of guests or place too many rides. Honestly, if they optimized the game better, I would definitely buy it again, for right now, I can't recommend it"
76561198044082780,Recommended,493340,34571482,Posted: 29 August,all,Jammdodger,Great park builder but the lack of a sustained heartline while building the coasters ruins the coaster building for me. the smoothing tool could do with an upgrade so it doesn't ruin custom inversions or heartlines because it can ruin certain elements trying to smooth them.
,Not Recommended,493340,26732222,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Gambol,"I think this really is a great game, with a great engine and an excellent set of tools that lets you build exactly what you want. That being said, it is sadly lacking in several areas I was looking forward to.I'm really into management/tycoon games, and that's why I purchased this game. While I love the sandbox features, they don't typically keep me entertained for long. My enjoyment in this type of game usually comes from the economic challenge and from trying to keep my guests happy. So far on my first playthrough in challenge mode, all my guests are happy, the money is rolling in, and I just can't seem to put a foot wrong.What this game really needs is a good tycool/management screen to adjust store prices, salt content (come on... let me), and staff wages. In addition to that, it would really benefit from ""disasters"". They don't have to be too extreme, but I would love to see situations I have to deal with that cause me a bit of healthy stress.So far, I'd recommend it for roller coaster and theme park buffs, that want to build their ideal park in Sandbox mode. I cannot recommend it for those of you looking for a tycoon style challenge, as you simply won't get it yet.If Braben & team improve this aspect of the game, I will gladly, and quickly give it a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,493340,26750750,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,shadooom,"more of a good roller coaster park ""editor"" than an actual theme park game"
,Not Recommended,493340,33829958,Posted: 27 July,all,altrezia,"Nice looking thing, and some nice touches, but feels unfinished, and the staff/park management side is either broken, bugged or missing - I can't work out what. Has potential but not there yet - and now there are micro-transactions.. I'm out."
,Not Recommended,493340,28286326,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,City Builder,"I've a hard time believing there are so many positive reviews when the game doesn't have any indepth management to it.  Unless of course it's because the majority of reviewers love sandbox.  Never the less....The game has been way overhpyed by the players.  Sure it's a great sandbox game, but the management side which has also been touted by those same players, is seriously lacking.I laugh at those that have gone over to the RCTW forums and lambasted that game while touting this game while this game is only really a sandbox game and completly lacks in real depth and content.At this time, I'd have to say pass on it until/if they add real management to the game, it's really not that much better than RCTW in that regard but could certainly be improved with time.It could be a really great game, but at this time, it's simply not really there yet."
76561197979980450,Not Recommended,493340,26738812,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,AxBAGxOFxCHIPS,"The game looks great and it is fun for a little while but as most negative reviews have already stated; there is little to no mangement or challenge to it. Even if the scenarios had lose conditions it would scale the challenge up a bit, but you literally can not lose in this game."
76561197997611531,Not Recommended,493340,35084427,Posted: 20 September,all,............,"If you do like management or tycoon like games, do not bother. This ""game""is literally just a creative tool. We have less rides and less water rides than 20 year old RCT2. Yet here they are shoving ride DLC in our faces for 1/3 of the total game price. Crazy!I also gave up on any hope they might update or improve the management side for this game, all we seem to get is rides in color A B C D and E. Then some new walls and some new colors to color our walls.Very disapointed in this, stick to RCT1 and2 if you want a proper theme park tycoon game (or go for parkitect instead)."
76561198188520402,Not Recommended,493340,28467691,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,waffle247,"After over 100 hours loving the game I unfortunately cannot currently recoomend this. The latest update has ruined what was an otherwise wonderfully creative & imaginative game. I now have a park full of old rides that I have to replace every 2 years. That means the average ride barely makes a profit after scenery before it needs to be rebuilt. My detailed scenery that I spent 4-5 hours per coaster creating ends up just being in the way so I have to delete it & do it all again. I find myself in a catch 22 situation, if I build the scenery I want I have to unpause time to earn cash which ages my rides. I then have to replace my rides sooner which means more scenery building which means more cash required so I have to run time again so my rides get old and then I have to replace them and then... arrrrrrgghhH!!!! I can't win anymore. ::(TL,DR: great game pretty much nerfed by over zealous devs scrambling to add management ideas for added depth without balancing or testing them out first."
76561198057563545,Not Recommended,493340,33474362,Posted: 12 July,all,Xorha,"If you like building your own rollercoaster, get it.If you are looking for a (financial) management simulation... nope"
76561197985113023,Recommended,493340,31160793,Posted: 15 April,all,gavinb21,"Waited a long time before i decided to purchase knowing that my machine maybe would struggle a little to run the game at full quality however so far the quality seems to be ok set mid way.Main problem is so far i have had 3 lock ups in 4 games, no specific reason I can see it seems to be a bit random and the game cannot be restarted as steam thinks the game is running after i crash out meaning i have to reset the machine completlyFor comparision the machine is home built with the following specs, AMD A8-6600K, Windows 10 64Bit with 8GB memory, 161Gb out of 232Gb on the drive steam is installed.All in all excellent game and well forth the £29, even better at £22 current price"
,Recommended,493340,26667766,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,/GG/ Voodoo,10/10 would spend 4hours on terrain for 1 coaster again.
,Recommended,493340,27266959,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Diamond,best rollercoaster simulator evorrrrr 2k16 and infinite..#!!!!!!
76561198350930501,Recommended,493340,28914615,Posted: 1 January,all,offendedhamster,I got this on the steam winter sale and i love this game! It is very addictive
,Recommended,493340,29409131,Posted: 21 January,all,HOT RICE,"Very well made game, love it! 5 stars - 10/10!"
76561197996476284,Recommended,493340,26706878,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Pikapchku,"Didn't watch a lot of gameplay before I bought this, but was still expecting a really good new Rollercoaster Tycoon kind of game, from what I've seen. Not much more than that really. When I first started building, there were different types of buildings to choose from, like any other similar game. After spending some time, building on my first park I realised that EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING BUILDING IN THIS GAME IS MADE OF SMALL PROPS AND THAT I COULD ♥♥♥♥ING CUSTOMIZE NEARLY EVERY LITTLE THINGTHIS GAME IS FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCKING AMAZING!10 out of ♥♥♥♥ING 10."
76561198187731922,Recommended,493340,26693070,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,FireStarter626,"Planet Coaster is a really fun and great way to pass time. However, after awhile of playing the game it tends to lag and freezes the whole system almost ten minutes into gameplay. I don't know if it is my own doing that causes this issue or it is just the game still going through updates of still being a new product. Yet, when it does run smoothly it is one of the best graphic pleasing rollar coaster game I have ever played  since RCT3. I just wish I could play it longer than ten minutes so I can get the full experience without it locking up while in play even though I have the latest gaming computer."
76561198039432789,Recommended,493340,26693175,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,deaddillie,"8.5/10graphics ++gameplay +controls +sandbox +++campaign -fun factor ++replayability +needs more campaign.  needs ability to create new items, not just pop together prefabbed items.  i want to make an octopus ride but the octopus is a giant shark.  sharknado ride!!!"
,Recommended,493340,26685916,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,TorchClifton,I found my childhood.
,Recommended,493340,31177294,Posted: 16 April,all,Rourobourus,now if only there was a vive integration...
76561198273497036,Recommended,493340,31607957,Posted: 7 May,all,alexisbecotteaam,"I am very disapointed by the game, because I upped the scale to 120%, but now I can't change it back and I tryed everything includding changing the coding of the game and nothing changed. If you can help me, please contact me."
,Recommended,493340,26673948,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,rijstplant,"This game is truly amazing. There are almost no bound to you imagination, you can simply build everything you want."
,Recommended,493340,32380992,Posted: 12 June,all,Aischylos,It's like roller coaster tycoon but modern.
76561198102245997,Recommended,493340,26709712,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,UVMASTER,it is a brilliant game which runs well and is very detailed so you can spend ages making your burger shack. it is a good game and is my most liked game of 2016 so far.
76561198073577610,Recommended,493340,32679259,Posted: 23 June,all,Larsi,An amazing theme park builder with a lot of costumisation. And there is managment too i guess...
76561198146690255,Recommended,493340,33052182,Posted: 30 June,all,Robotic_Waffl3,I dont know why it keeps crashing. I really love this game but i can't play when it keeps crashing. Does this happen to anybody else ?
,Recommended,493340,33047740,Posted: 30 June,all,Jomega,"This is a great game. The graphics are amazing, the gameplay is great and the controls are simple. I highly recommend this game."
76561198078901355,Recommended,493340,33072210,Posted: 1 July,all,Torpedo Penis,"If you liked any park/city builder in the last 10 years, completely disregard them and buy this game. It is more in-Depth than the jar of peanut butter i keep under my desk for when the dog comes in my room. I have 18.5 hours in-game as of writing this review, ive had the game for two days and i can already tell that i will accumulate more hours in this game than any other park builder."
,Recommended,493340,32909488,Posted: 27 June,all,mrkiller581,Buy.Play.Fall in love.Never stop playing.
76561198362496577,Recommended,493340,31285536,Posted: 21 April,all,Danny,"If your looking for a coaster park where you can build your dream park, then this is for you. its the best coaster game on pc. AMAZING!!"
,Recommended,493340,31591865,Posted: 6 May,all,GrimsCollector,Love!
,Recommended,493340,32865426,Posted: 27 June,all,Angellorus,Memes parks
,Recommended,493340,33217090,Posted: 3 July,all,Coffaro,Best game I bought in summer sale. Hands down.
76561198398343245,Recommended,493340,33007108,Posted: 29 June,all,kyleanthonydouglas,love it
76561198321446782,Recommended,493340,33547172,Posted: 14 July,all,austin.payk,good
,Recommended,493340,33573668,Posted: 15 July,all,Talon,"This is the ultimate sandbox for coaster building and amusement parks. The developers always keep the game well maintenced, the coaster building is fantastic. Be sure to atleast have 12 gb of ram or higher though. Beautiful graphics, ai can be challenging. You can share and use anything with steam workshop, whether it's coaster designs, scenarios, buildings and so much more. 10/10 for sure! Also, the soundtrack is still not reptitive for me since it's release. it is very relaxing and even gives the inspiration to be more creative. Anything is possible with Planet Coaster."
,Recommended,493340,33510176,Posted: 13 July,all,spderweb,"Best Theme Park game since RTC 2.  Hands down, lots of fun.  Plenty of challenges."
,Recommended,493340,33555624,Posted: 15 July,all,Xansa,"By far the best simulation I have played in YEARS. I don't know where to begin praising this game, tons of free updtes which other companies would have stuffed in DLCs?, A community that throws out the most amazing buildings due to the enormous options in the craft mode, which have almost no restrictions? I love this game and it is THE one simulation I will always come back to. Once you get used to the camera and movement, this game is just perfect. In future I would love to see options for like actual restaurants and hotels and maybe more freedom with the paint-tool, so that i can paint snow or red sand wherever I want. And yes, I would totally pay for either of it!"
,Recommended,493340,33597179,Posted: 16 July,all,Jakottonn,I stayed up for a week straight playing this game and now I am extremely sleep deprived and need a doctor. I was also laughing the whole way through because of how much fun I was having. Now I literally can't stop laughing and need a doctor for that reson too. 0/10 WOULD NOT RECOMMEND.
,Recommended,493340,33056657,Posted: 30 June,all,Call of Duty: Black Ops III,Game is a bit heavy performance wise but if you're a fan of RCT3 you should buy it right now (while it's still on sale)
76561198322645587,Recommended,493340,29403080,Posted: 21 January,all,Aso2006GamesYT,If you like building and theme parks? Well if so this is a game for you can make coasters western style parks and much more!
,Recommended,493340,26998721,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Soy,good
,Recommended,493340,27094196,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Uncle Fungus,It's really goodlow fps can happen
76561197961259071,Recommended,493340,28130456,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,NsF|AllPro,"If you loved RCT3 you will love this game. The Coster building tool is awesome! The music is awesome! Most games thats the first thing I do is turn it off but not in this case. The custom buildings feature is verygood aswell tho not my thing. You should look around the steam work shop and see some of the creazy things people are able to build. Cant wait for some DLC content witch i normally never buy.Also Check the ""system requirements""I see alot of bad reviews with people who think they have an awesome system but dont.Im running aIntel i7-3770k clocked at 4.5ghz16GB ram1TB EVO 850 SSDEVGA GXT 1070 FTWwith no problems maxed everything at 1900x1200"
,Recommended,493340,28158690,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ghosty_hole,THIS GAME IS AMAZING
76561197965258653,Recommended,493340,29176140,Posted: 10 January,all,Ben (Mbweha),Did you like Roller Coaster Tycoon? Then buy this. End of story.
76561198094894755,Recommended,493340,29182391,Posted: 11 January,all,Kelendis,Classic!
76561198012098119,Recommended,493340,28434640,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,SassyDazzle,Really excellent game. Hours upon hours of fun. Well supported too. Lots of updates and the dev listens to the community.
,Recommended,493340,28632015,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Tycoon-Man l Farmskins.com,Why isnt it for macs
,Recommended,493340,28919995,Posted: 1 January,all,DJ K3ViN |-/,I involved millions of customers in collisions. 10/10 quality injury simulator
76561198188295571,Recommended,493340,29159832,Posted: 10 January,all,the diamond chopper,OMG BEST GAME EVER WOULD R8  100/10!!!!!!!!
76561198018065970,Recommended,493340,29240354,Posted: 13 January,all,Telamont,Where are the DLCs???
,Recommended,493340,29893669,Posted: 12 February,all,Drazznoro,yes plz
,Recommended,493340,30067450,Posted: 20 February,all,ShambhalaJames,Omg where to start.Words can not describe how good this game is . Free updates and new content every so often and far superior game play to RCTW
,Recommended,493340,30097432,Posted: 22 February,all,NCR Ranger Benjamin,The game that saved the Theme Park building genre.
,Recommended,493340,30413987,Posted: 9 March,all,Jorbanead3,"Amazing game! This is absolutely the best theme park simulator ever created, and is so much better than RollerCoaster Tycoon World. PC is created by the same folks that did RCT3, but the graphics and mechanics are so much better. The ONLY downside to this game is the spec requirements - you need a fairly decent gaming PC to be able to play this game on low-medium settings, and a powerhouse PC to play a large park on ultra 4K settings (like gtx 1080 sli setup with an i7)"
76561198039262668,Recommended,493340,30417772,Posted: 9 March,all,andrefrankdre,GREAT GREAT GREAT GAME
76561198343619254,Recommended,493340,30934059,Posted: 3 April,all,kenny.stewart45,love the game
76561198135670972,Recommended,493340,31268288,Posted: 20 April,all,coopstew,Throughly excellent game especially with the new updates
76561198008424696,Recommended,493340,31305901,Posted: 22 April,all,123,"Great game you honestly are only limited by a few things yourself being the primary one. It has a very steep learning curve for building and coaster design, but a very quick youtube search will teach you everything you need to know to  have something better than a barebones park. Spring update has opened up a new security aspect to the game; however, until it is balanced you're better off not playing with it. Especially on harder difficulty."
76561198254335184,Recommended,493340,31996573,Posted: 27 May,all,NightRaven,"Absolutely loved RCT3 so when I saw this I knew I had to get it. It's quite pricey for what is basically a simulator game but it's so much fun to play and the visuals are absolutely great.The only thing that I don't like about it, is that the more stuff you add to your park, the lower your frame rate gets - in sandbox mode, I've only used up half of the park space yet my fps is almost like a slideshow at 8 (down from 60fps when I started). Having said that, it isn't going to stop me continuing my park mainly because I've spent many hours just on that one park but also just to see how low my fps will go.10/10 would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,493340,26693817,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,theking20006000,all coasters turn black and lots of lag
76561198343033145,Recommended,493340,26712374,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,darganadams,"My queue rails and roller coaster tracks wont change color, they always stay black even if i try to change the color"
,Recommended,493340,26715661,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,No banan,"Screw this game, I used to be an A* student but now I've missed 2 weeks of school and spent half of that time trying to make the toilet block for my park look nice, why has this happened."
,Recommended,493340,26716421,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,skillmaster cs:soucre,wanted to buy the game to kill people with roller coasters for two hours and to get a refund after that but i accidentaly played for too long now i can´t get a refund.Still fun to kill transgender people 2/5 genders
76561198020526643,Recommended,493340,26732818,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,LUNK,You guys did an amazing job!
76561198008117512,Recommended,493340,26741334,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,crossbones8899,runs fine on amd cpu amd 8350 8 core 4.2ghz ram 16 gig 4x4 gb kingston hyper x beast 2400mhz graphics card evga titan x 12gb runs fine on full graphics and 2560x1440 resolution just run in borderless to have no problems very nice graphics and a whorthy succesor to the themepark and rollercoaster tycoon games just dont expect a very very hard managment part this like theme park is meant for those that want to test the limits of youre pc when it comes to how much you can cram into the park and the pathing system just takes a little getting used too i prefer it over the one in rollercoaster tycoon much more flexible
76561198020715021,Recommended,493340,26744184,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Yorkshire Fly,Not played much but im already addicted!
76561197993103000,Recommended,493340,26885276,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,quirouleboule,Very immersive.
,Recommended,493340,26997351,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nekobot,So much better than rtc world
,Recommended,493340,27775766,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Prostitute Strangler,Iz pretty gud
,Recommended,493340,27855021,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mdíjk,"Great game! Hands down. Don't let Roller coaster tycoon world fool you, this is the new and better coaster game. You think of every little thing you place, and you will get amazing results!"
76561198069196653,Recommended,493340,28047926,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jacku14,Builds park*Game crashes*builds a new park*Game crashes*Kills self*
76561198180424041,Recommended,493340,28287071,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Captrex0542,Awsome gme but i just wish it was on mac. PLEASE PUT IT ON MAC! :(
76561198285677488,Recommended,493340,28414257,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,KILLER,"it's a great game to any people who wish to be able to play a modern theme park game with limitless custimizations.took a bit of time to get used to but it wasn't that long to get the hang of it once you've got the hang of it, the game becomes as fun as rct3 was, i recommend this to any person who loves rides and especially likes to create them ;)"
,Recommended,493340,28414409,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Bernie Sandwiches,This game is the long awaited sequel to the Roller Coaster Tycoon games! It's even made by the same company that made those games! This is so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! Thank you so much for this game!
76561198274855297,Recommended,493340,28487850,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,mindset01,i have brought the game and played 40 hrs of it rand yesterday i did a factory restore on my comp and now the game wont play
76561197988699581,Recommended,493340,28489222,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,UKMessy Super_Kyle,"Would 100% reccomend this game to anyone, it might take a little bit of effort to get used to how to make things, once you do its one of the best games of recent times. I have really enjoyed this game.If for some reason you don't like it get a refund but i doubt you won't like it tbh."
76561198098680058,Recommended,493340,28669237,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,爽球请你不要拖延时间，请立刻开始丢人,Simple Chinese Please !
,Recommended,493340,28860567,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,regangully,Unreal.
76561198297180708,Recommended,493340,29045747,Posted: 5 January,all,[sR]_BoDyBaGz_,"Great game, Played in Alpha stage with basic additions, Cant wait to dive into full release!!! Let the imagination run free with endless opportunities !!"
76561198353975508,Recommended,493340,29385963,Posted: 20 January,all,becbox,most amazing game ever but its needs to be on mac :( have to suffer my horrible windows computer to play it
76561198112082979,Recommended,493340,29541001,Posted: 28 January,all,Dan,"Planet Coaster is a very fun theme park building game, with so many building tools to create a theme park exactly the way you want to, allowing you to make your own scenery, shops, buildings, mountains, caves, lakes, floating islands and of course rollercoasters, logfumes, train rides,etc, with so much customization options, I would recommend looking at the steam workshop creations or videos on Youtube to see this feature more in depth. Although the creation part is very fun there is not much in the way of mangement with there only really being a few challenges and missions to do, outside of sandbox, so if your looking for that, I would buying suggest Rollercoaster Tycoon 1, 2 or 3 (not 4 or world) or Parkitect. But if it's a building game your looking for I would recommend it, but your looking for management but are still interested in this game I would suggest waiting for a sale."
76561198170160710,Recommended,493340,29673448,Posted: 3 February,all,slinsky2,its a great game all i have to say
,Recommended,493340,29682002,Posted: 3 February,all,Astr0,I starting building a toilet at 10PM. As I finished I thought it was about 1AMNO IT WAS 4:30AM!This game is a time machine and I adore it so much!
76561198038471409,Recommended,493340,29788660,Posted: 8 February,all,Marky,GG
76561198332460334,Recommended,493340,30062287,Posted: 20 February,all,RinaQueen,"I really wish this game ran faster on my PC. I tried to play it on my old laptop and the fabrics wouldn't even come through. Everything was unplayably laggy. I needed to upgrade my computer anyway so I bought one I thought could support this game as well as many others. 7th gen i7 quad core processor with a graphics card. First thing I did was download Planet Coaster and test it out. Good news is, the graphics actually come through like they are supposed to, but it still runs super slow. I don't know how I can fix this. I REALLY want to love this game, but right now I can't play it with the lag."
76561198360823547,Recommended,493340,30432673,Posted: 10 March,all,BTWMeRCyMaIN,One of the best theme park games I've ever played.
76561198307919347,Recommended,493340,30571164,Posted: 17 March,all,Scotty_Boy_36,Amazing 11/10
76561198095101674,Recommended,493340,30739306,Posted: 25 March,all,ImmaBeaver,"This is good game. I say alot, but now mean it this one. Buy worth is 45$. Worth yes. Has fun game hours fast when buy.  You no want any other. So now get!"
76561198352053178,Recommended,493340,32007993,Posted: 27 May,all,theFantasy723,Planet Coaster is a great game! I totally reccomended this to people who wanted to create their own theme park.
,Recommended,493340,26670261,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Enomisi,Love Love Love!
76561198017499545,Recommended,493340,26670339,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Balthier,the only complaint i have is that i want more
76561198076379964,Recommended,493340,28225854,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Tigerwaffle,Brilliant Game! If you enjoy theme park builder games then this is for you! By far the best in its genre :) Love it!
,Recommended,493340,28239312,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dunket,"If you enjoyed roller coaster tycoon, buy this game. If you enjoyed thrillville, buy this game. If you enjoyed a management game before, Buy this game. Just buy this game."
76561198006610441,Recommended,493340,28398366,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,lowken24,"Great game!  If you have liked any of the RCT games or just enjoy theme parks, this game is pretty fun.  It's pretty simple to learn how to play and you can design just about any type of building you would want to.  The creaters also do a fantastic job with updates and additions."
76561198054832048,Recommended,493340,28407859,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,rudyflyer,"Planet Coaster is awesome, I love how you can customize almost everything. Great Game play and the developers listen to the community. Great Job Frontier, you created awesome game, keep up the great work!"
,Recommended,493340,28410094,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Jhin and Tonic,"If you enjoyed RCT1, RCT2, or RCT3, buy this now, especially if you were torn between this and RCTWorld.  Planet Coaster delivers in every category  and is the new Standard in the genre.  The game looks great, the simulation is complex, and the building and creative tools are legendary tier.  If you can think it, you can build it, and there are very few restrictions you will bump into when building.  In addition, Frontier has already started added substantial new content.  All I can say is; can I preorder an expansion yet?"
76561198301254825,Recommended,493340,28423124,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,the austrailan gamer (mvmer),play it! i love it so much. so play it PLEASE PLEAS PLEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAASE!!!!!!!!!
76561198021636090,Recommended,493340,28435394,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Quark_Master,"Such an addictive and rewarding game to play, I have enjoyed these games since 'Theme Park' back in the day and it's so good to see an updated version with newer graphics but it still has all the creative and fun parts that the older titles offered.Well done on this title, you really hit the mark, for me anyway :)I would really love to see a VR mod or patch, that would just finish it off, I think riding your own rides in VR would be intense and even more rewarding than it already is.Top Marks.9/10"
76561198270998102,Recommended,493340,28521046,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Anthony11,"Great game, My new favourite game!!"
,Recommended,493340,28660642,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,JNinjaPug,Neat
76561198354101808,Recommended,493340,28856195,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,koolgamer500,my game was fine until i went to place a path and the game froze an holografed image of the path on my screen pls tell me how to fix this
,Recommended,493340,28863570,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mettlemod,Just awesome.
,Recommended,493340,28924818,Posted: 1 January,all,🎃 Colind8 🎃,"Spent 10 hours on a lifesized version of kevin the sea cucumber.Yes, I'm serious."
,Recommended,493340,29012865,Posted: 4 January,all,JMW,"i would love to talk about the game, but sadly i cant even get passed the intro :( ive tried checking game integraty as well as reinstalling. Still have the same problem, so if anyone knows any solutions that would be great!"
76561198160388339,Recommended,493340,29154437,Posted: 9 January,all,NathanMilestone,"Havent played much of this game, very dissapointed in the fact that you can't make custom park guests for your own parks, something that RCT3 had. Other than that, pretty ... interesting game so far."
76561198065747523,Recommended,493340,29175124,Posted: 10 January,all,CanadianScout,"I must say, i don't like it...I LOVE IT!!!The graphics, the desing, the gameplay, EVERYTHING.If you like Roller Coaster Tycoon, this game is definitely made for you."
76561198278200480,Recommended,493340,29214418,Posted: 12 January,all,Gamer Girl,wont even let me play. I know its a good game and i have a great computer but it wont let me play
76561198352680118,Recommended,493340,29348580,Posted: 18 January,all,gymtaco3,10/10 - IGN
,Recommended,493340,29369582,Posted: 19 January,all,♫💕Muu💕♫,Great game that is brings a lot of joy and creativity to the mind!
76561198201309879,Recommended,493340,29510412,Posted: 26 January,all,shwartzmaor,all what you EVER dream!
76561198362159825,Recommended,493340,29680091,Posted: 3 February,all,az2z.oop,its a good game and i wish there is game like it more
76561198013454695,Recommended,493340,30402692,Posted: 8 March,all,chrisjreed,"Great game overall.  The graphics, charm, content all great.  Addictive as hell.  Great workshop support too.  I really liked being able to download other peoples amazing creations.  I even uploaded my frist ever submission to the workshop.  It was increadibly easy.The biggest downside for me was camera control.  Maybe Im just incompetent, but I felt like I fought it the entire time.  It was the thing that eventually led me to stop playing it for now.  I imagine Ill go back and play it more though in the future."
76561198306827728,Recommended,493340,30416037,Posted: 9 March,all,Essie,"I really really love this game ! It's so amazing. I just have one issue with it, when I am creating my park everything is great ! No problem in sight. But when I start to let people in, the game is either very laggy or it just completely freezes. I thought it could be my laptop but I literally just got it, like a week ago. I'm not sure if there is anyway I could fix this ???? Other than that, I adore this game and would (if I could) get lost into it for days on end."
,Recommended,493340,30420322,Posted: 9 March,all,Reak,This is what happens when the realism of NoLimits and the creativity of RollerCoaster Tycoon have a child. This game is nothing but a steal.
76561198145131872,Recommended,493340,30438932,Posted: 10 March,all,padf00t,"PC is seriously the coaster game I've been waiting my life for. There's so much modification that you can really make the buldings, coasters, shops, scenery, and so much more that's all your own. There's a great amount of items and structures in the game already, and it's pretty clear the Frontier team is going to continue working on PC. I'm incredibly excited for the new content they've announced, and I love how much they interact with their community. It really gives a sense of community to the game that isn't found in others. The workshop is FULL of incredible works from wonderful creators. The possibilities are endless on creations.I only have one thing that I've found so far that I'm unhappy with: I just want to pop their balloons."
76561198365071432,Recommended,493340,30451545,Posted: 11 March,all,polhedel,"Amazing game. A few things to be polished, and shame on them for releasing the game without and in-game tutorials. But once I overcame the tutorial thing and I found my way through youtube videos, I enjoyed this entertaining game (and I'm still doing it) if you love building and designing decorations and attraccions"
76561197974190043,Recommended,493340,30457549,Posted: 11 March,all,Alvega,Most addictive game i've played in a long time. Well done guys. Keep up the amazing work.
76561198036314498,Recommended,493340,30458491,Posted: 11 March,all,Turrican,"I love this game. It has so much potential and allows your crativity to run rampart to create beautiful theme parks.its very imressive walking through my wild west canyon, with a custom made wooden bridge above where steamtrain hauls visitors through the scenario and gives them afantastic view of my log flume ride, and my Mine coaster thundering into a helix right next to it. No other coaster/park game has made it so easy to create stunnign scenarios.The terrafroming tool is brilliant and building your own buildings or objects IS time consuming and requires patience and the will to learn and experiment.Building the rides itself is also very easy and youc an create rather impressive rides in a quick amount of time. The brilliant rides do take time though.On my wishlist is that it could use more animatronics and more scenarios to choose from a theme.Unfortunately i havent played mcuh recently ,because when you have 5000 and up ( i have between 7000 and 800 guest in my park right now) the performance drops very fast. Also the actual economy in the game is somwhat meh. Up to 3000 guests its a bit of a struggle to keep making bucks. After that, just make all rides free and set an entracne feee and run advertisings for families. Make sure you have ATMs in the park and..Profit.The ride aging mechanic is not well impemented..although you can turn it off now. But you DO can make profit from ridfes that age, if they have a great rating and theming...no problem at all.I hope the performance improves through some patches and small fixes and imrpovements of the gameplay ares till to come. This game is great and is a great timesink."
76561198278180935,Recommended,493340,30844525,Posted: 30 March,all,Desperadonan,"I played this ♥♥♥♥ing game locked in my room and 50 hour was just for 3 day.Yep, just 3 days, after which time I came back to my normal life.Kindaka in jersy? I didn't even buy seasonpass for this year, caus nobody  I can find to have ♥♥♥♥ing around.Anyway, worth game and worth wasted time..."
76561198344943043,Recommended,493340,30908931,Posted: 2 April,all,bd019,Play it
76561198106476211,Recommended,493340,31080753,Posted: 11 April,all,Imzombiehunter,this game is acutally fun I like it a lot infact hoping new rides will be added soon
,Recommended,493340,31086414,Posted: 11 April,all,Mikal,So gud.
76561198045998891,Recommended,493340,31126407,Posted: 13 April,all,eagles3773,"Great game, highly recommended. Everything from gameplay, to graphcis, to sound, and details are just beautiful. Steam workshop integration, free major updates, great community, and more. This is everything you could want from a theme park simulator. Different game modes let you play as you want, with money, without money, senarios (which are done really well), and customization to the max sets this apart from any of game of this kind (coming from and loving RCT, this is just better). Just get the game if you like this style, you could get lost in it if you wanted, enjoy!"
76561198374910507,Recommended,493340,31128462,Posted: 13 April,all,isaiahwiafe,so for one thing i love the game even thought i diddnt meet the system REQUIREMENTS the game is still great get the game if you want a good game
76561198015612382,Recommended,493340,31362689,Posted: 25 April,all,freakboy,this game rocks buy it!!
76561198093523754,Recommended,493340,31546720,Posted: 4 May,all,Please Fuk My Ass,This game makes my♥♥♥♥♥♥rock hard.
76561198016759627,Recommended,493340,26669916,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,¶,"Excellent game. Increibly immersive, fun game. Great work."
76561198196901187,Recommended,493340,27745107,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,<color=blue>joey,"Hi devs, great game, great everything! but only one thing. the music. could you have the music on a better time rotation, meaning that the music playes more frequently. thank you."
,Recommended,493340,28076448,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,JackSpensley,"Great concept but some performance issues.Love tycoon / simulating gaming, especially the idea of theme park construction.This games works very well with terraining and customisation tools and allows you to make the park as specialised or as personal as you would like.However, this game is also developed based on high-performance computers, rather than lower-end laptops, which really limits my ability to play the game smoothly and efficiently. Sometimes the frame rate is so low, the game is practically impossible to play.PLEASE developers update this game so those with basic computers and laptops are able to actually play the game."
,Recommended,493340,28476113,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,fug,"Man I want that game, but it's too expensive.Just shut up and buy it."
76561198006680017,Recommended,493340,28825295,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Puba,"Cool game, and pretty to look at. Not exactly what i expected, but i also wasnt disappointed. You dont have PERFECT control over little things like the happiness of ur customers. You basically just keep them happy by giving them food, stuff to buy and cool rides. Normally its a simple and easy balance game....unless ur playing on Hard, or a Hard scenerio and your rides start breaking down MUCH faster then usual. Aside from that...the games easy to play, easy to build parks and just as easy to build a simple rollercoaster. On the other hand...it does take patience, planning and some experience to build a COOL and FUN rollercoaster that doesnt make your park guests too sick or scared. So buy it. If its on sale i would say its better then the FULL price. Games SLIGHTLY overpriced but not by much...so a good sale price is the right time to buy it. Content it a little low....but still fun...and im ASSUMING they are still adding more. ENJOY!!!!"
,Recommended,493340,31147241,Posted: 14 April,all,CL4P-TP,really really deep coaster sim best ever to date got the crahsing issue fixed.
,Recommended,493340,28217268,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,b1ades77,If you hit Theme games you will love this. Planet Coaster is the new boss!
,Recommended,493340,28215236,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Chizambers,Fun game.  The best theme park sim I have played in ages.  Unfortunately it crashes on my regularly.  If it was more stable for me it would be nearly perfect.
,Recommended,493340,28258478,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Kobir,"Easily the best theme park sim I've ever played. Very easy to pour many hours into, very easy and intuitive to design rides, paths, queues, you name it. Everything was designed with the player in mind, and it's just so much fun to make your own stuff due to how easy and accessible it is. Figuring out what guests like and don't like is also fun, and seeing your coaster making abilities grow is a great experience. Absolutely love this game."
,Recommended,493340,28258198,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Meh,"Defo worth a buy, even though it crashes on me every second second, those second seconds are the best I've ever had, just buy it, it's a better RCT4."
76561198300471723,Recommended,493340,28229168,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,matthew.cosolo,fantastic game
76561198237521220,Recommended,493340,28230136,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hoodini,"A great game in my book! Definitely needs some tuning, but overall it's a solid 9/10."
76561198077984368,Recommended,493340,28215306,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Chopperman,I haven't been hooked on a game like this for quite some time. I've poured a lot of hours into this already. I strongly recommended this game for someone who has lots of imagination and Creativity. Have fun !
,Recommended,493340,28215356,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,G-Man,Holy jebus this game is amazing i grew up with roller coaster tycoon games classic versions and this game actually COMPARES!!! amazing graphics and smooth gameplay. Recommend for any rollercoaster fan...i litterally am amazed at how well this game was put together!!! its been long needed for these genre of simulation please buy it worth the $$$Price
76561198009072033,Not Recommended,493340,28953077,Posted: 2 January,all,tehmask,"So the the recomended spec is at least a i7 4,2Gz/Dual 1080 GFX/32 GB 3200 Ram. Otherwise a fun game but not for the fun of runing a theme park cuse you will get a laggy park pretty fast. This is a game that need HUGE optimizing updates... so i cant recomend it if you dont have top of the line computer... I got the game for 15,99 on sale.."
,Recommended,493340,27755732,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,nighterrorx,"This game is one of the best sandbox games I have ever played. And Steam Workshop is so closely integrated, it makes this game even better. There are a few mechanical tweaks the game can make -- like better control of the camera for one, and the park visitors can be a bit on the whimpy side. But this game is amazing and worth any price. if you catch it on sale it is a steal."
76561198083838704,Recommended,493340,28265145,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Coldkone,Amazing game from amazing developers.I highly recommend it =)
76561198057806987,Recommended,493340,32466604,Posted: 16 June,all,spencermorley,I LOVE THIS GAME!! Do you have plan on update more coster and other stuff for the planet coaster?
76561198286359056,Recommended,493340,30901300,Posted: 2 April,all,MGKOSTREWA,i love it cont what foe the uptade
76561198019039286,Recommended,493340,31489011,Posted: 1 May,all,Fowlzy,Super fun.
76561198355453909,Recommended,493340,30111434,Posted: 22 February,all,jamie.ashley.marlin,its not starting any more for me
76561198089357434,Recommended,493340,29574966,Posted: 29 January,all,Dayton Plays,Good Game. but is it worth the price?NO i think this game whould be better of with a $30 price tag instead of $60But it is a fun cool game and you should pick it up if you really enjoyed coaster tycoonDoes it have alot of Stuff??? Yes it has an Crap ton of variety of stuff plus you can get stuff from the steam workshop so yeah that thatDo i recomend this game?YES But sometimes you might get board
76561198068169466,Recommended,493340,30120195,Posted: 23 February,all,Kici,Good Game. but too hard for me ...
,Recommended,493340,28288650,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Warframer_,This game is goodEdit: After actually playing this game after a while my only complaints are:1) i cant resize scenary2) not enough variation in plants3) not enough type of building materials4) buildig shapes5) just fix building6) add mod support7) i cant build
,Recommended,493340,28288195,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,mar-10,"Very nice, with lots of love to detail."
,Recommended,493340,31704033,Posted: 12 May,all,|HVC| EMP'R'R,"Great game. It's the Cities Skylines of themeparks.A lot to do, and you can create anything you like. There is a lot of depth in the game.The hard part of the game is getting a good well paid park. Still struggling with that.The workshop is nice and usefull aswell when you're feeling lazy and don't want to make your own rides.In this genre I give this game an 9/10"
76561197970567489,Recommended,493340,31147204,Posted: 14 April,all,BigWill00,Great Game lots of fun!
,Recommended,493340,27858371,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MIKE,I could spend all day playing this game.
76561197972101505,Recommended,493340,32875012,Posted: 27 June,all,Nikolas Kelset,"The best game I have ever played. If you loved the old Theme Park or just rides, this is the perfect game for you. A must buy."
76561198034538584,Recommended,493340,27857024,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[Seskia],"RCT itch: Scratched, 2016"
76561198025459733,Recommended,493340,27857893,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pressure,Awesome
76561197967699498,Not Recommended,493340,27858016,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kingchese,"I was very excited about this game but it lacks all the fun aspects of the old RCT series considering its from the same team. Its tedious how you cannot set all the shops of the same type to have the same price for the products, instead you have to go all around individually selecting each store and item to set the price. The same applies for each ride that you duplicate as guests quickly complain about the lengths of queues. Also you research new shops and they havent even pre made buildings for each time which is a joke. Yes it allows you to customise them 100% but i dont want to have to do that for each store it should be a choice not something thats imposed as the developers havent been bothered to do it. I have tried altering existing buildings but it takes along time and you have to edit all the signage so just isnt worth bothering researching new shops for that reason, just feels like it isnt quite finished yet but has been released. The coaster designing is fun and very in depth, just feel alot of the game isnt very complete and some good points from RTC are missing."
76561198178538907,Recommended,493340,33963528,Posted: 1 August,all,Robert012504,My favorite game on steam!!!Best creative game I ever played. And that means something!!Get it right now.It is worth it.
76561198241977782,Recommended,493340,34003573,Posted: 3 August,all,teddybear176,This is awesome I have so much freaking fun!
76561198271072676,Recommended,493340,34066086,Posted: 6 August,all,cmbvgamer,I thought my 10 roller coaster theme park was the greatest theme park in the world. I visit disney world and realize all the work I put in designing and building my theme park was a waste of time because my theme park is♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to disney world.
76561198017472882,Recommended,493340,28503784,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ComradK,What Roller Coaster Tycoon has been trying to be ever since they started making sequels.
,Recommended,493340,31987186,Posted: 26 May,all,Omegamerc,"One of the best games in its genre, a lot of fun can be had w/the challenge and missions.  Since my last play I didnt see an option for sandbox w/the ability to make money which feels like the only negative part about the game."
76561198008900293,Recommended,493340,28196621,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Jasper,Yes.
76561198083825334,Recommended,493340,33959833,Posted: 1 August,all,Scrib~,"Planet Coaster is one of the most mixed experiences I have ever had in a video game.Part of me wants to recommend this game to everybody while another part of me would never want to bring such pain to my worst enemy.The game improves from RCT3 in almost every way but it shockingly also does some simple things significantly worse than RCT3. The summer update added a new custom biome feature that is absolutley awful. You are forced to choose from 10 different terrain paints to customise your park. Not all of them, only 10.Why?It's so pointless. It would have been so much easier to just let us use all of the terrain paint from the get go so we could create multi-themed parks with ease.The themes you can choose from and the scenery pieces are varied and look nice. It is very easy to make some good looking buildings and rides.The vast amount of detail you can put into just about anything is incredible. From epic fire-work shows to grand castles, everything can be customised in just about any way you can imagine. Planet Coaster's charming visual style and characters are icing on the cake.Unfortunatley It is also very easy for everything to get ruined.Planet Coaster's building systems are easy to grasp and very intuitive but when things get complicated and decide not to work, oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god it makes me want to smash my screen with my keyboard.If you have OCD, do youself a favour and don't touch this game. There are so many little, unavoidable, unfixable errors when it comes to placing building pieces it will drive you nuts. Wether it's scenery pieces being rotated the wrong way by default forcing you to fiddle about with the advanced move constatly, roof textures clipping through the walls or when that final piece just wont fit properly. Those are the constant problems that plague the game and they bother the hell out of me.I show both huge amounts of respect and huge amounts of pity to the amazing workshop creators. I cannot imagine how difficult it must be to build all of those incredible things while I have plenty of difficulty building a proper toilet station.Coasters and terrain are also more difficult to create as roller coaster ratings have become more strict and coasters no longer cut into terrain so either you will have to build terrain around coasters or coasters around terrain.In the end after over 100 hours of suffering, my first park was finally finished. I thought it turned out pretty good so therefore Planet Coaster just barely gets a recommendation. The developers are also really good about updates and fixes so I'm sure the game will only get better."
,Recommended,493340,28209110,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,kaP -L-,epic epic epic theme park builder game! awesome.unbelievebale what u can build with this game. 10/10
,Recommended,493340,26668943,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,✪ ThePCWizard,"This game, is absolutely brilliant. From the details you can put into every individual item, to the hysterical fun to building rollercoasters, this has my pick for the best management/building game of the decade. I have put 73 hours in the past two weeks of this game, and I'm still having so much fun. The variety of things you can do with this game, just blows my mind. So I would say to get this game, and never look back!"
,Recommended,493340,27910051,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hex,"If you played the classic Roller Coaster Tycoon games, especially RCT3, buy this game. NOW."
76561198143591454,Recommended,493340,26668813,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Gibbon,pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sikh moite i must say if i do say so myself which i do say so
,Recommended,493340,29650371,Posted: 2 February,all,Office 365 Pro,"It' s like, building theme parks, but better!"
,Recommended,493340,29646843,Posted: 2 February,all,Lancelot923,"Fabulas game! A perfect updated edition of Roller coaster! The Chinese language also added,what can I say? Perfect game"
76561198115875326,Recommended,493340,29653417,Posted: 2 February,all,SYL,"Pretty intuative gameplay. beautiful graphics. All in all, it`s a great game."
76561198087649402,Recommended,493340,26681394,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Tentacle Slinger,"At least 5 seconds or ""Air time"" you say? My time playing Kerbal is finally going to pay off."
76561198388190245,Recommended,493340,31811434,Posted: 17 May,all,ltromert,Ahhhhh Mazing
,Recommended,493340,30457726,Posted: 11 March,all,TDTech,"Do you love Planet Coaster?? Join ThemeParkEXTreme! We are a growing community full of mature and passionate people wishing to grow, but we cannot do that without your help! Join today!https://www.facebook.com/groups/ThemeParkEXTreme/"
,Recommended,493340,28761110,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,HOT_CARL,Can't drown ungreatful guests. DISAPPONITED!
76561198041963163,Recommended,493340,26647193,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,iCe,"This game is everything that i always wanted on a roller coaster game and then it goes far beyond that, i cant recommend this game enough. Very well done and stable."
76561198170659338,Not Recommended,493340,28409534,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,MJmojo,"I would say that this game is very exciting the first 10 hours but after that it gets pretty boring doing the same thing over again, If I could I would reget Planet Coaster if it was only in a 10-30$ range but any more than that and its not worth it."
,Recommended,493340,33147340,Posted: 2 July,all,Shadowsoldier,"Despite it's space-taking size, Planet Coaster is a really good, entertaining and quite realistic game about running an amusement park. The game allows you to unleash your creativity, and it also has a strategic side to it!The controls were very easy and quick to learn, and in case you ever forget them, the help is right at your fingertips. And you learn as you go!The game includes a versatile collection of customizable, gentle and thrill rides AND you can even make track rides of your own! The same goes for the building materials, all sorts of stuff from basic needs to detailed decorations!You have many different terrain choices as well. Ever wanted to ride a rollercoaster on the top of a snowy mountain? How about some classic Luna cars in a desert scenery? No problem!I've experienced some crashes, since it's a big file, so remember to save your parks often! They also auto-save every now and then, which is a great and needed addition!A really enjoyable game in general, I highly recommend trying it out! Worth it's prize."
76561198025033807,Recommended,493340,28351524,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Paparo,Awesome game. Really well done.
,Recommended,493340,28319800,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,XtremeGming,"This is a great game, especially if you like spending roughly half of the time you play lighting bushes along a path for AI."
76561198266758160,Recommended,493340,33898589,Posted: 30 July,all,MyWORLD,好玩到根本停不下来。
,Recommended,493340,33185807,Posted: 3 July,all,JovianCrafter,Super happy it works on my computer!
,Recommended,493340,34311644,Posted: 17 August,all,NullSpectrum,"I never thought I'd see the day Rollercoaster Tycoon would be beaten, and then Planet Coaster came along and left Rollercoaster Tycoon no standing chance. Anyone who played and enjoyed Rollercoaster Tycoon will feel right at home with Planet Coaster, it is essentially the same with nicer graphics and a MUCH more in depth building system, allowing you to make the exact theme park your little heart desires! On a side note the career mode is really enjoyable and challenging."
,Recommended,493340,27223099,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ROBOTx64 earn.gg,"9/10, holy crapProsThe music is goodSteam workshop (1!!1!!!1!)Tons of things to buildAble to ride everythingHuge amount of detailConsManagment"
,Recommended,493340,34144264,Posted: 10 August,all,Naesy,Lit
,Recommended,493340,34214210,Posted: 13 August,all,KnightOfTheDarkness,"Highly recommended this game, amazing uncensored creativity can be released and anything can be created in any vision you want there are no rules. The new roller coaster tycoon (world) is absolute rubbish and doesn't deserve to be bought just a cheap quick cash in of an amazing franchise not representated properly. This game is just next level tycoon and you must buy well worth the money."
76561198045063916,Recommended,493340,34205625,Posted: 12 August,all,rslack777,"Great game. Good graphics, good selection of items, endless fun."
76561198236666672,Recommended,493340,29349071,Posted: 18 January,all,Shyden,Crashes on my computer alot :P
76561198041744209,Not Recommended,493340,31534700,Posted: 3 May,all,Jesus would buy wards,"This game should be called Planet State Fair.  The scenery, terrain molding, and themes are fantastic!  It is very easy to build a great looking park full of thrill rides.  But lets be real we're all here for the coasters.  Now the coaster creation tool is phenominal!  Very intuitive to make twists and turns with precise angle tool and the smoothinig tool irons out any accidental bumps you might have made.  Everything about this game is perfect expect one thing... THE RIDE RATING SYSTEM SUCKS!  It seems to be based on ""average"" excitement for the entire ride.  This means a 15 second coaster with one drop and two humps will outsell your dope 2 minute long coaster because it has more ""boring"" parts like a longer chain lift and brakes before a second drop.  It is also BRUTAL when it comes to the intensity of a ride.  Now the game does have an awesome tool that lets you see the intensity through out the ride.  However,  if you coaster has a max intensity of 7.00 the game could rate your coaster at 8.00 because there were too many 7.00 spots.  In other words the game caps how many loops and twists you can have because even if you keep the intensity down it will still rate it high and no one will go on it.  You might be thinking ""Do It For The Ratchets you're just going too hard"".  Well this time its campaign scenario quest that says 'build a coaster with 10 inversions but >7 intensity'.  Unless you cheese the game you're not beating that scenario. In Conclusion: If you want a game that lets you easily build a great looking park with a simple coaster or two this is for you.  If you want to make a coaster with more than 3 or 4 loops keep looking.P.S. It crashes alot which makes you lose the coaster you were building, super frustrating."
,Recommended,493340,33018648,Posted: 29 June,all,bob37041541,Save 100% on RollerCoaster Tycoon World™ on SteamBuy Planet Coaster
,Recommended,493340,30071149,Posted: 20 February,all,Evinrude55,Amazing game!
,Recommended,493340,30032272,Posted: 19 February,all,JPJK,This game IS 100% the BEST themepark builder yet! It was worth the price!
76561198306768887,Recommended,493340,31514555,Posted: 2 May,all,SeanyBoyyyy,"This is not a very good review because I barely have any experience but let me just say this game is optimized SUPER well my laptop has integrated intel 4000 graphics and an i5 processor but it can run planet coaster at 15-20 frames, which is actually very playable considering my crap laptop can actually process aall the terrain and textures in the whole map. One thing that I would suggest to add so that more people can play this game without worrying about running it would be an option to make employees and people disappear from your park so that the game can run better. It sounds ridiculous, but maybe just for sandbox mode because I only care about building an awesome park, and people slowing down my game isn't very enjoyable. of course I would toggle them back in when I'm done but just a suggestion. requires a bit of time to get used to the controls but if you've played roller coaster tycoon 3 or other games u will learn fast. Also NOTE: DO NOT GET THIS GAME IF YOU WANT A MANAGEMENT GAME. THIS IS 90% BUILDING AND 10% MANAGEMENT. its fine for me but whatever."
76561198277357977,Recommended,493340,28174500,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,westonking740,my stopped working it doesn't load the game i click it it says syncing then running then nothing it makes me mad because i love this game
,Recommended,493340,28176207,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ex-one ๑ﭥ,This game is beyond fantastic!
,Recommended,493340,28176015,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Lexella,"This game is amazing. I would give it 10 stars. The only thing I don't like about it is the pathways can be hard to move around, other than that I love this game!! :D <3"
,Recommended,493340,26988956,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ุุBTSpaniel,Game has Nice content but EZ managment
76561197963756342,Recommended,493340,26753430,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Lord Xel,Are you autistic and have OCD?Then you will love this game!
76561198067014881,Recommended,493340,31754579,Posted: 14 May,all,Psnk1,"Realy great game. BE carefull cuz its pretty havy game, graphics and such"
,Recommended,493340,31764155,Posted: 15 May,all,AstroBlaster,"Just picked this game up yesterday. Got to admit it is like RCT 3 but updated to the max. I noticed some bugs here and there, I kind of assumed since the game is a SIM and still new. Please please frontier add in waterparks and maybe zoo. Even if it is a DLC I would love you guys. Keep up the great work. Thankyou frontier and for the planet coaster community for keeping this game on top =).^^"
76561198012418777,Recommended,493340,31778765,Posted: 15 May,all,grimm77,"I pretty much agree with everything positive about this game that everyone else said, so keep in mind that this is a POSITIVE review.But...The path system in this game is completely broken. Why does this game let me create my park exactly the way I want to, EXCEPT for the paths? The community is pretty good about coming up with workarounds that folks can use to make their paths more-or-less the way that they want them, but there is way too much ""In order to do X, you need to do Y... unless you're trying to do Z, and in that case you're either out of luck, or you need to keep doing A, B and C until it works"".I'm not interested in listening to people making excuses for Frontier (or any other game dev). The path system in this game is a complete disaster, and it needs to be fixed. Trying to minimize it by pointing out how great everything else is (it is), how much better it is than in some other game (it is), or how all you have to do to make it work is to turn your head around 180 degrees, bend over backwards and kiss your own ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (not good for your back) only tells Frontier that everything is just fine, and that they really don't need to put in the work.All I'm saying is that I've never ragequit a theme park builder before.Other than that... great game."
76561198017156545,Recommended,493340,31753223,Posted: 14 May,all,Arxaion,"Planet Coaster is everything that the Roller Coaster Tycoon franchise should have been, and more. Everything is so smoothly placed together, and the people don't look disgusting anymore. Honestly, this one is going to require a big pro / con list. Also, don't be put off by my semi-low play-time. I've played plenty of this game and seen plenty of videos to be able to give a pretty accurate review.-PROS-• Smooth, well-created art and graphic design.• Amazing music and a great variety for your rides - plus the ability to import your own music.• The people actually look like people.• There isn't an overwhelming amount of random pre-made coaster designs, prompting you to go ahead and design your own. Though if you don't feel like it, you have just enough to choose from.• Intuitive land editing with the option to roughen up the land. You are also allowed to create arches in the land that you can actually utilize, whether that be putting paths or coasters through them. There are multiple types of water (calm, rough, and so on), and plenty of terrain brushes.• You can literally edit the buildings that you are able to place, almost piece by piece.• Coaster design is now an actual coaster designer. No longer are you limited to three variations of turns. You can lengthen and shorten pieces, bend them in any direction, tilt them in any direction, and even snap the angles to keep it less messy.• Easily rotate objects, and with the variety of scenery, make seamless landscapes.• Import your own objects and schematics (though I wouldn't imagine too many people would use this, as just not many people have that kind of time).• The developers are active, but not jumping down your throats each weekend with a new update. The game is fairly new and of course it is still being worked on, but they just released a spring update. I'll take that as a nod saying, ""Hey, we're still around and working on this thing.""• Amazing performance - I haven't had a single crash or loss of frames that wasn't on account of having a bunch of other things open in the background.• You can see exactly where coasters have the highest excitement ratings, nausea, and so forth with an on-the-track visual graph.• A non-intrusive box off to the side gives you keybinds and short tips for whatever you may be working on. Building a coaster and want to figure out how to rotate the platform? Just look off into the little box. Now this isn't a complete tutorial - much of the game is left to exploration unless you go to YouTube for help. But come on now, most people who get this are Roller Coaster Tycoon veterans and many of the functions carry over.-CONS-• Given that this game is still being steadily developed, I really can't think of anything that is worth noting. Well... There is one slight con, and that would be the steep price. A true coaster game hasn't been released since Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, and we are definitely not counting any of the recent RCT attempts. I can see where many people would be reluctant to buy this with such an expensive tag compared to others."
76561198388236524,Recommended,493340,31750233,Posted: 14 May,all,jakesolow,THIS GAME IS LEGIT.   You can play it in a variety of fun ways. You can build awesome new roller coasters. This game will only get better!
,Recommended,493340,31234446,Posted: 19 April,all,jinxzero1,1st off this game is amazing the level at which you can make things is near endlessThe only issue I have is a small one I wish I could test rides without having to have the game playAnd a shortcut key list ingame they do tell you a few of them but I had to dig around to learn how to grid snap and suchOverall if you want full control over every inch of what you make get this gameI don't think I will ever look at another coaster building game again
76561198193445181,Recommended,493340,30326793,Posted: 4 March,all,Enderite1089,This game has high quality and realistic game psychics that my mind cannot believe!
76561198258030040,Recommended,493340,28762872,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,adamshort89,"Hands down the best theme park game I've ever played, including RCT3"
,Recommended,493340,28733949,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Cute Zebratje,A lot of fun. placing thing can be tricky sometimes.
,Recommended,493340,26695049,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,infidel,"The true RC4 everyone has been wanting for over a decade. It has all the charm of RC1 & 2, is one of the best looking games to date, and has all the tools you wish you had in the previous games!NB. If you don't know, the Devs of this game (Frontier Development) made some of the old RC2 expansions and RC3"
,Recommended,493340,28744742,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Arcelia,"Of the ten or so hours I have played this game, I have found it both incredibly enjoyable and stimulating. While also a fresh take on an old genre. Grew up loving the Theme Park games as I kid and definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a fun, casual experience.With three different game modes, Career, Sandbox and Challenge there is certainly something for everyone. I've only played the Career mode, but when I complete all of that I will definitely check out Sandbox. I love the idea of having the endless possibilties that come with a mode like this. For all the creative types out there, this is definitely the one for you.I love playing this game and when I'm not playing it, I'm thinking about playing it."
76561197969475130,Recommended,493340,33703137,Posted: 21 July,all,Cpt. Issues,"Fantastic spiritual successor to the RCT games I used to love playing as a kid. Graphics, frequency of updates/new content and gameplay is great but as of version 1.3.3 large parks still bog down even high-end PCs so doesn't feel optimised yet."
,Recommended,493340,28694583,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bees?,Jesus criminy the amount of detail you can customize is insane. I spent an hour building a toiletgo౦d ƽhit 👌👀💯
76561198356531788,Recommended,493340,28717703,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,alexmunro746,Doesnt launch properly.
76561197989276213,Recommended,493340,28737029,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Lizard Nightmare,"Planet Coaster is exactly what my creativity was craving. Given the time you can create some magnificent looking parks. The design tools are simple, yet the advanced options allow you to really be creative and place objects anywhere. The only thing I am really missing are the coaster launch modes that were in RCT."
76561198190904169,Recommended,493340,32510126,Posted: 17 June,all,Kaasschaver,Really well-made game love it! Absolutely love it!
,Recommended,493340,28741832,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Nippy,"As of now, I have about 13 hours on record and I bought it yesterday. To say the least, I'm hooked. To start off, I'm a huge fan of the roller coaster tycoon games, so my opinion may be a tad biased, but from what I've seen sao far I'd say it's definitely better than the RCT games by a longshot.The only real con is that the controls aren't necessarily ""intuitive"", I spent the first few hours on sandbox to famililiarize my self with the mechanics, and now that I've got that down, the game is phenomenal.The positives are everywhere for this game, you can choose coasters from the prebuilt ""blueprints"", or you could build your own life-endangering rail rides. As far as the building goes, it's pretty easy once you get the hang of it and the possibilities are basically endless. Alongside coasters, you can also build your own facilities such as: ATMs, info booths, bathrooms, first aid stations (for those weak-tummied♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, food stalls, drink stands, fully fledged food courts, shopping centers (for the merch) and any decorative crap you wanna throw up.All in all I heavily reccomend this game to anyone who enjoyed the Roller Coaster Tycoon games, creative building games, or you just like the managing aspect. It's very entertaining and definitely worth the price. 10/10"
76561198002783252,Not Recommended,493340,29432725,Posted: 22 January,all,Crimson Tigre,"I've read through the reviews and thought i'd chuck in my view for what it's worth. The game's best parts also contribute to the flaws which is why i've give it a thumbs down but hold your horses angry reveiwers... there is a reason.The game looks amazing and feels like a RCT game which means its relatively easy to get you're head around. The biggest issue I have with the game is the challenge - similar to what others have said, the challenge you face is mainly around the building of your own attractions rather than managing the park. You keep guests happy and that's about it - the money rolls in. I'm all for making it casual and user friendly but surely that was what unlimited money sandbox mode was for...? I really wanted to be looking at the finances and trying to find where i'm losing money and how to afford that £10k coaster when you are running into the red...If you want to spend hours and hours creating rides with scenery then yeah this is amazing - but I like to just grab the game (like RCT3) and have prebuilt rides etc all there ready, I don't want to have to keep browsing the community to find a ride with a spooky theme. The community part is great but it just feels like the devs have left that part for people to do themselves. Again this is personal preference but I'm sure i'm not the only one to be a little frustrated. I like the input the community has but i work all day so don't really have time to spend 2-3 hours creating one ride with scenery to make it look awesome (i wish i could - plus i don't have the patience).I'm hoping the devs add some content to give more rides and themes but also increase the management element which seems to have been left by the wayside slightly. This game seriously has the potential to be incredible and would blow all the other theme park sims out of the water once it is finished but it feels like there is content missing.If you are after coaster building and have hours to kill perfecting each detail then this is for you... if you want a challenge and a slightly less casual experience then this will hopefully come in the future but just isn't there yet."
,Recommended,493340,28891520,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Wheelz,"I've been waiting for an updated Roller Coaster Tycoon for years. They finally made one and the overall reviews were not pretty.Now I finally have it.  It's not the same, of course. But it is certainly close. The game moves away from the managment aspects and focuses more on park building. So, if you liked trying to keep money flowing and completing challenges you may be disappointed. But if you're like me and just wanted to build all sorts of crazy amusement parks, you'll have lots of fun.You can't build a death trap of a park like in the RCT games, but you can make just about any kind of rollercoaster/ride you want.  Almost everything in the game can be costumized. One look at the workshop will show you the level of freedom you have if you have the patience.You can also ride all your rides. I really hope they add VR support at some point or make a VR version one day. Sitting on and riding your insane creations is so much fun."
76561198054764733,Recommended,493340,27871869,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,terra79,This is it what I am waiting for a long time ago after RCT3. It is awesome! 10/10
76561198306135126,Recommended,493340,33403434,Posted: 9 July,all,DannyJPeace,"My very first title in my Steam Library and was one of the few games that inspired me to build a PC, absolute gem of a game."
,Recommended,493340,34333277,Posted: 18 August,all,Mako,So fun and is the sequel you were waiting for for Roller Coaster Tycoon 3
,Recommended,493340,27576921,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,J-ShaZzle,Soooooo good!
,Recommended,493340,29910710,Posted: 13 February,all,DakuShinobi,"After just a few hours, I can tell you that this is the true successor to the RCT series. (If you'll remember, these folks are the same fantastic guys that made 2 and 3.)The Good: The soundtrack is phenominal, the coaster creator is powerful and the game is very fun. Too much customization to handle its amazing. BUY THIS GAMEThe Bad: There is (from what I can tell so far) a lack of themes and scenarios (Carreer feel a bit light), but I feel like that will be coming (plus you know, mods).Thank you Frontier for this fantastic game.I will update my review once I hit 20 or so hours."
76561198231726144,Recommended,493340,29925029,Posted: 14 February,all,jimmythecricket5,"Awesome game, lots of fun and can easily just get lost for hours creating concepts, designing, implementing, and eventually even riding in a beautiful POV perspective of the rollercoasters you have built. Finances could still be fixed since every time I start it up my money seems to disappear even though I had a full bank account, nevertheless lots of fun both in sandbox and challenge mode and highly recommended for fans of all types of simulation/creative games!"
76561198208114113,Recommended,493340,29104263,Posted: 7 January,all,smelsfishy,"Personally, I LOVE Planet Coaster. If you want to get the game, im here to help. (Btw look at my steam workshop items they are sweg) Career- No one cares about this mode carry on... Sandbox- In sandbox you have NO LIMITS. You start out with nothing but land and an entrance. Build with your imagination with this and unlimited money. Challenge- In this mode choose from 4 Difficulties: Easy, Medium, Hard, Harder. Each difficulty gets MORE AND MORE ANNOYING OH MY.... sorry.Easy is pretty Easy. Your start out with $8,000. Build your park and gain money in this ""simulation mode"".If this was helpful DOWNLOAD ALL OF MY STEAM WORKSHOP ITEMS NOW AND RATE THEM 5 STAR!!!!!!"
76561198201737011,Recommended,493340,29101294,Posted: 7 January,all,spongebobcolepants,RELEASE FOR MAC please
76561198154356428,Recommended,493340,29101332,Posted: 7 January,all,killcam like a boss,It's fun but crashes a lot
,Recommended,493340,29918300,Posted: 14 February,all,Gert,"Great game, as the developers have something special going on with this game, as they are allowing users to open up their minds freely and create some very unique and fun items. Love this game."
76561198256548275,Recommended,493340,29103953,Posted: 7 January,all,fontaine93,Best game ever.
76561198143768753,Recommended,493340,29104559,Posted: 7 January,all,sdesto,awseome
76561198066725099,Recommended,493340,29110411,Posted: 8 January,all,Ryck,In the words of the Hypnotoad... BUY IT
,Recommended,493340,35198903,Posted: 25 September,all,Brian,Better than your classic roller coaster tycoon.
,Recommended,493340,35252568,Posted: 27 September,all,Quirkville,"I've got about 12 hours into this game so far and I know it's going to just climb from here. I love Roller Coaster Tycoon, Zoo Tycoon, Sim City, Sims ETC so if you are the type to enjoy those games you will love this. Anything you can dream up you can make; you can go crazy in sandbox or add a challenge to your game by playing challenge or career modes.Overall I am so glad that another tycoon game exists and I am hoping someday they'll release a Planet Zoo or something similar. Heart eyes all around over here."
76561198011744958,Recommended,493340,35148274,Posted: 23 September,all,Unrealxs,This game is everything and more than you're used to from the old Rollercoaster Tycoon games. Furthermore your imagination truly is the limit within this game.My only hope is that there will be a waterpark expansion.
76561198024346339,Recommended,493340,28897667,Posted: 1 January,all,shiggies713,"I consider this to be the sequal to roller coaster tycoon 3.  It pretty much has everything you want.  Graphics and sounds are amazing even on medium quality.  Moving, rotating, and customizing objects feels just the way it should.  I've seen several complaints on how easy it is with money.  I would suggest challenge mode, unless there is some trick I haven't figured out yet, it seems challenging enough.  You pretty much have to go in debt just to build 1 coaster, depending on difficulty level.Amazing game, highly recommended.Only downside is you might have to buy a new pc (as I did) to play on a big park or with high graphics."
76561198301791559,Recommended,493340,28443024,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,fiona.leverton,Great game
,Recommended,493340,28316144,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,BigBoyLuca,what a game.
76561198252171674,Recommended,493340,28316785,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Nikolay Rimski-Korsakov,Just Perfect!
76561198185932607,Recommended,493340,28312312,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,*****,"If you're into sim-games, it's a decent game in the genre - it could probably use a bit more tutorial in-game (though the videos are helpful), since it's not always clear what/why/how to do things in the game.  It could probably use polish on some of the user interactions.  On super-high resolution monitors/video cards, the text has to be tweaked (the auto-adjust is just wrong, I need more than 2mm of text size).  The mouse manipulation for road/track building is less than ideal, but after some futzing, you get able to adjust to it.All of that said, great background music that doesn't get super annoying super fast, and a pretty enjoyable concept with a variety of interacting mechanics that can keep you playing for a number of hours.As a final caveat, don't let the videos fool you, single-player is basically scenario completion - there's no 'story mode' to speak of - and so far, I feel like the game could do with more random interactions/events - but I'm only a few hours into it, it's possible at harder levels it gets more interesting."
76561197988056544,Recommended,493340,28313300,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,King Kristian,"I really like this but my only problem is that no matter how I rase the price of ticket, no one once to pay it."
76561198177589955,Recommended,493340,28315464,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,GAY HOMOPHOBE,This game in number one.
76561198032866538,Recommended,493340,26678913,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Slinkyminky,Great game!! By far the best of the genre!
,Recommended,493340,29283576,Posted: 15 January,all,pjaybill,my one just keeps crashing dont know what to do
,Recommended,493340,27691728,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CollecGaming,I love this game.
76561198048083364,Recommended,493340,27681765,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hammerhand,10/10
76561198171285127,Recommended,493340,31663409,Posted: 10 May,all,Meowjesty,Very good
76561198052645186,Recommended,493340,28179287,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,TreeStump,"Wow, just WOW. This game is one of the best games I've played in a while. First of, the game offers so much in terms of customisation and is actually fun. The game looks stunning for a rollar coaster builder, with lots of fine tweeks and the ability to create the exact type of park your imagination can conjour up.What makes this game great is the tools given to you to make your park. The work put into the UI and the easy use of it, makes it excellent to fine tune and build stunning looking parks. Being able to create mountains and to dig through them and have little shops or tracks going through, is so awesome. This truly takes managment/builder games to the next level.Pros: Looks stunning. Excellent Tools to build.Cons: lacks in the management part, but I'm sure that will be implemented more in future updates.My conclussion is if you enjoy games like this, you're crazy to not have it in your library. The game in terms of building your parks and altering the terrain works perfectly, and it looks gorgeous with dynamic lighting. The game uses the same engine as Elite dangerous which I found very interesting. It's a powerful engine, and this shows just how powerful it can be. What you waiting for! BUY IT!"
76561198089677112,Recommended,493340,28854534,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,spenny,beautiful game.
76561198249236690,Recommended,493340,35254052,Posted: 27 September,all,ajhibbin,"Best game I have played, when it comes to theme park building. Amazing graphics, great game play and extremely good AI. Its good to see a game of its kind really come together and work! And with over 600hours played I can still say I love playing this game!"
,Recommended,493340,26682085,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Pauly C in Mourning,"Planet Coaster is a little bit of a quagmire.  It's not a very good strategy/tycoon game but it is an exceptional sandbox game.  Don't expect a lot of challenging scenarios or to have to really struggle to get anything working.  Do expect to test yourself or your own designs and spend most of your time optimizing efficiency, profit, excitement, etc.  The game really shines in the sandbox aspect because of this.  While there isn't a lot of content there right now, there are enough rides and with scenery and buildings you can turn any ride into a specific theme even if it doesn't seem to fit at face value.  The decoration is amazing, you can create anything you can think of from the pieces available, but at the same time the number of official blueprints or themed pieces isn't very large.  The benefit, though, is there is the Steam workshop with a lot of content catered to the in game themes.  Performance leaves something to be desired, but at the end of the day it's a sim game so constant 60 FPS isn't a necessity.  The experience is rewarding if you're more creative oriented than if you're looking to be intellectually challenged by arbitrary objectives.+Lots of customization options for those who can use them-Not a lot of easy assets, stores you can just place+Workshop full of awesome creations to fill your park with-Not a lot of vanilla assets+Challenge comes from setting your own objectives, trying to reach maximum efficiency-Scenarios and missions that aren't challenging+Runs acceptably for the genre-Doesn't run as well as it should"
76561198049957255,Recommended,493340,28449043,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Terrorcow,love it :)
,Recommended,493340,28273289,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Юшка,i love it
76561198073548432,Recommended,493340,28842212,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,olan,i like it.
76561198081531999,Recommended,493340,30022821,Posted: 18 February,all,BradleyJohnsonTV,Love it a lot..
,Recommended,493340,29358734,Posted: 19 January,all,N e b u l a,i love this gameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
,Recommended,493340,30021896,Posted: 18 February,all,J-Pockets,Love this game ❤
76561198366023077,Recommended,493340,30026788,Posted: 18 February,all,rayrideguy,Awesome game
,Recommended,493340,30047764,Posted: 19 February,all,Galahad,There are no words to describe how much I love this game.
76561198145917879,Recommended,493340,30657258,Posted: 21 March,all,RobotPenguin656,Its a great game and a great time waster to
,Recommended,493340,26664525,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dente,"Great game, I could spend hours just watching how people get crazly dressed to go to the park.10/10 would wear star-shaped glasses again"
76561198320443663,Recommended,493340,35087187,Posted: 20 September,all,WhitiE,If you like Roller coaster tycoon then you will love this game.
76561198397408965,Not Recommended,493340,35209612,Posted: 25 September,all,nicky777.croot,poor performance on above min specs. looks a great game but rather than pimping dlc perhaps the developers should show some love to the low/mid range crowd (going by min/rec requirements) and offer a better experience. fine on small parks but if you push for a full size park with beauty you have no hope even on low settings. specs are misleading. glad i was sure on performance before i ran into problems and got a refund. if you have a good machine then im sure this will be a top game... anything below recomended you should leave it alone.
,Recommended,493340,26648064,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Keeco,Pure creative fun.
,Recommended,493340,27031409,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZeroChain,Best Fairground Tycoon so far. This Game feels more like a Realtime Level Editor and with its integrated Steam Workshop you can get instant new Buildings and Scenery Objects. Luv it++
,Recommended,493340,27046217,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[CTFU Universe] Tim,"Talk about cool beans. Not only can I build rollercoasters in beautiful 3D, I can destroy large amount of crowds with them in 3D!"
76561198012332647,Recommended,493340,28323044,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,TheLycoris,"Planet Coaster takes all of the positive aspects of the classic RollerCoaster Tycoon titles and improves upon, expands, and polishes them. It provides the freedom and fun that made the tycoon franchises popular."
,Recommended,493340,28322575,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,RetroGuy3210,"If you loved Rollercoaster Tycoon 3, then this game is basically the holy grail. It vastly improves on the theme park building genre, and it's made by the same people."
,Recommended,493340,31228006,Posted: 18 April,all,WulfMaan,"Much, much, MUCH better than Roller Coaster Tycoon World"
76561198108241678,Recommended,493340,28212844,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,NightMare,This game may take 25 hours of one day.
76561198041936125,Not Recommended,493340,27346891,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"No Hell no Heavens, only this.!.","Hmm... better graphics, but from a RCT3 fan, it kind of lost it's fun for me. I'll give it a second chance but as of today I dont really have the urge to play it like RCT3 did back when it came out."
,Recommended,493340,28809188,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,➤MoochW,"等等你说你还没决定要不要买？Wait, you have not decided whether or not to buy?- 买！- JUST BUY IT!你觉得过山车3很好玩？You are a huge fan of Coaster Tycoon 3?- 买！-JUST BUY IT!看了negative的评论觉得要再等等？Read all the negative reviews and want to wait for more DLCs?- 买！-JUST BUY IT!别犹豫！就是现在！文明6我后悔了，黑魂我后悔了（太难），然而这个让我找回了剁手的自信！Do not hesitate! It's the time! I may regret to buy Civilization 6, I may regret to buy Dark Soul (too hard to play)But I will never regret to buy THIS GAME! It is awesome,15/10.5 more points for this 15% off."
76561198075463453,Not Recommended,493340,27747585,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,bassboykn,"I cannot recommend this game at the moment. As a creative person, everything I can imagine creating in Planet Coaster, from the smallest of things right up to the largest, is possible thanks to the tools the game provides. However, the tools are such a pain to use. The rollercoaster creation and path making tools are probably the worst I've seen in a game when it comes to using them, they're simply just too much of a pain to use and I just ended up giving up and placing in loads of pre-made coasters, which killed half the fun and made the game boring within minutes of doing so.The camera is also VERY glitchy at this current stage.If they find a way to make the tools more ""user-friendly"" and simply less of a pain to use then this game will be the best Rollercoaster Park game ever made."
76561197999566493,Not Recommended,493340,28890440,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bound4Earth,"I mostly enjoyed my time with the game, but it is far from what I would consider a finished or release product. Even after the latest update the game still contains obvious bugs and glaring tracking issues with item placement, when updates are released that change item orientation placement it changes items you already placed in game which means you have to spend hours fixing items you already placed. I would wait a year or so and check back once the game feels polished. Just like so many games today, Frontier released the game before the holiday season to boost sales instead of polishing the game for a few more months and losing a bit of sales to deliver a much better product to fans. Bad marks Frontier.The latest update (prestige) is yet another feature that looks great and a lot of fun on paper, that just ends up showing more bad points on the AI which we knew wasn't amazing and collapses when you build bigger systems on top of it.TL;DR: Game is on point if you are looking for a Bethesda like buggy release complete with patches that make more work for players. Wait six months to a year for an actual release product. Don't listen to the Frontier fanboys to include Nerdcubed that ignore all of the bugs and lack of polish."
,Not Recommended,493340,34357987,Posted: 19 August,all,Xiaphias,"On first starting the game I was greeted with a pop-up ad requesting me to buy more DLC.  Everytime you start the game or return to the main menu you see more DLC pop-up ads, and unpurchased DLC items are also listed in the items list when  building (that, at least, you can disable, though the ""DLC"" button is still there).Wouldn't be a deal-breaker if the game itself was better but does make a poor first impression.Construction is difficult and tedious.  There are a few pre-made buildings that you can plop down, but others require you build them from scratch, attaching the walls and props lest your shops and facilities all appear as simple unrealistic cubes.  Modifying the premade buildings is an easier way to begin that trying to start a new building from scratch.  The menu of parts is searchable but it's still difficult to find the piece you're looking for, I wish they'd taken a ""Sims"" approach to menu organization.Moving and rotating props and items in build mode is difficult, I don't know if I haven't mastered it or if it is just incredibly tedious.  The complexity is reminiscent of SketchUp or another 3D design program.  Even something seemingly simple like laying down paths is made far more difficult than it should be: rather than clicking a starting point and dragging, like with roads in SimCity or Cities Skylines, you must instead preselect the path length segment before clicking, and then build the road in chunks of that length.  There's no way to disable snapping so often you are unable to place paths in spaces where there is enough room because it would snap in an undesired position.Managing your finances is frustrating and bewildering.  If I let my park run on max speed without changing anything, it will alternate between losing thousands of dollar per month and making a profit of almost the same amount, seemingly at random.  The variance seems to be caused by fluctuating attendance, but the reason for this fluctuation is unclear and it's not obvious how to address thisThis is problematic because when your budget is in the negative, you're unable to place any buildings or hire staff, though you are still able to spend money on other things (like research, loan repayment, and park upkeep).  This means that if you acidentally delete a crucial segment of the park's pathway while in the negative, you're unable to spend the $5 to replace that path and restore access to the park, so it's effectively game-over (or you can take out a $5,000 or $10,000 loan, if you haven't already).  The implementation of loans is itself quite bizarre: there are only two loans available, one for $5,000 and the other for $10,000.  For some reason the $5,000 loan has a much higher interest rate.Finally, it's very difficult to understand what's going on in your park.  There's only one timeseries graph, and it it lists attendance in the park over time; there's no way to know how other factors like visitor satisfaction, crime, and income/expenditure are fluctuating over time.  Crime is particularly frustrating: every park I create and even the pre-made campaign parks I've played seem to be riddled with crime, causing a popup every fewe seconds about another theft.  The only things you can do to combat this are hire security guards or place security camera.  It's not clear what effect the latter has on crime, other than now, it sometimes says that acts of vandalism have been caught on camera.  Similarly, my park rides break down all the time.  You can adjust the maintance schedule so that they are inspected as frequently as every 10 minutes. I did that to every ride in my park to try to combat the issue, but it didn't seem to make any difference.  (And of course there's no graph of breakdowns over time so it's impossible to quantify this any other way.)If you're looking for a sandboxy game that has a collection of props you can place to create a pretty park, then this may be the game for you. Although even then it doesn't have much benefit over using a free game engine like Unity to accomplish this.  For others, especially fans of sim games like Cities Skylines or The Sims, I would not recommend this title."
,Not Recommended,493340,28400883,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Vatolicious,"This game is full of potential! Yet anearly unusable pathing systemREALLY ruins it. Truely a miserable experience.-The game isn't sure if it wants to have a grid system or not, so it goes a little half and half and fails in a big way to deliever.-In so many way's the game lets you break traditional rules, IE: placing things that overlap, and free place all objects. But the pathing system goes against all of this.-Snapping it to a grid simply does NOT work. It will say ""obstructed"" in an area that is literally just an empty flat grass patch. As well as create separate paths complete with little curbs, when they are right next to eachother.-The default non-grid method leaves things looking very strange, and will surely cause death to anyone afflicted with OCD, as good clean lines and symmetry are impossible.- The ability to ""paint"" on paths would be a tremendous upgrade; nearly everything can overlap areas  EXCEPT paths. Which is ridiculous. So long as all objects have collision it should not create issues with guests correct?- Fundementally the system is broken in that is creates separete paths and will say ""obstructed"" when  nothing is there.If I could still refund, I likely would... Which saddens me as this was the game I've looked forward to the most this year. Really hope this gets fixed! But it may be too fundemental to change."
76561197994671311,Recommended,493340,27086101,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PurpleDee,"This Game breaks time,,, you play life passed you buy, its addictive in a I-must-place-another-bush-down-neatly-in-line game."
,Recommended,493340,28125769,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Gracekain Gaming,"If you love sims, roller coaster, or management games then this is a must have.  Do not just think about it!  Buy it!  The level of detail in this game is amazing and you will not be disappointed.https://youtu.be/MwCehhExEWk"
,Recommended,493340,28085669,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,rafide,"Chill and build some Theme Parks and Roller Coasters.Can you shoot stuff? Not really.Is it a revelation in every regard? Probably not.But it's fun, it looks good and the editor is great!"
,Recommended,493340,28085705,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Atrixia,"Roller Coaster Tycoon meets City Skylines...absolutely worth every single penny you spend. It's such a beautiful game with endless customization possibilities. The building mechanics have taken me a little bit to get used to but once you do, it's really quite amazing. I reccomend this game for sure!"
76561197976327138,Recommended,493340,29535356,Posted: 27 January,all,becephalus,"Was a decent successor to RCT2.  I enjoyed it very much and feel like I more or less got my money's worth.  Could have used more itneresting and varied scenarios.  I don't feel like the scenario design was very inspired, pretty, but not even a little challenging, and generally the game overall was stupid easy.Still a solid game of good value, and I probably would have played it more if I hadn't already played this genre to death."
76561198119133989,Recommended,493340,29615494,Posted: 31 January,all,vbaumann14,very very very good i still learning but making building for ques is kinda hard and i wish they added a track switch so the coaster would go backwords but it a 10/10
76561198106042932,Recommended,493340,29621555,Posted: 31 January,all,Poof_NBJS,"Great fun, once you get the hang of oath building it's awesome"
,Recommended,493340,29625640,Posted: 1 February,all,Alyzore,RCT was one of my first games i've ever played when I got my 1st pc. I still remember the thrill I got from it.Slowly it went down hill untill RCT3 came out. At the end I haven't even bothered anymore with RCT world.Now with this game I got back in time and got my thrill back. It's amazing. Ty for making this game. A true successor to RCT from my childhood. :)10/10.
76561197984970500,Recommended,493340,29862855,Posted: 11 February,all,Kallisti,"Loving this game.  Absolutely stunning graphics, good gameplay.   The building tools make it real easy to build some fun stuff.  A great time-sink.  The hours just fly by when playing."
76561198312391781,Recommended,493340,30346181,Posted: 5 March,all,Classy,"This game is absoultly amazing! If you are thinking about buying this game, do it! I've enjoyed this game so much, and is a blast."
76561198372148265,Recommended,493340,30366388,Posted: 6 March,all,D2 BAMBi,"Frontier is the developer behind, in my opinion, the greatest SIM building game of all time, Roller Coaster Tycoon 3. Don't be a fool, RCT is garbage now, Planet Coaster is and always will be KING. An absolute beautiful game, with the mechanics that are a breath of fresh air; once you have them down. This is a MUST have, period."
,Recommended,493340,31088718,Posted: 11 April,all,Osky,I love this game. Frontier are really putting a lot of heart into this game. So much detail! This is a must have for someone who wants a theme park sim. The management side might feel a tiny bit wonky but the sandbox aspects are brilliant.
76561198093021842,Recommended,493340,31091944,Posted: 11 April,all,JellyBoba,потратила всю ночь на постройку туалета перед входом в парк. 10 из 10 маст хэвSpent whole night to build a shi**er in front of the entrance 10/10 must have
,Recommended,493340,31103931,Posted: 12 April,all,StoopKid,All the nostalgia of RT3 updated with beautiful graphics and atmosphere.
76561197965447528,Recommended,493340,31944801,Posted: 24 May,all,TripinRay,"I love this game, reminds me so much of Roller Coaster Tycoon. Just pumped a few hours into it and im having a blast."
76561198220895528,Recommended,493340,32100139,Posted: 31 May,all,noeltoma,"Really fantastic game. Super fun, easy to get the hang of and really addicting."
,Recommended,493340,32109457,Posted: 1 June,all,DeadInside,"This is a real fun game. Not sure why I did not review this immediately. The amount of creative control you have over your park is amazing. About the only learning curve I have is roller coaster creation. I mean I can create crazy coasters, but they scare all my guests into not wanting to ride them. I am still learning to make them tame, but this game is a lot of fun in the creation aspect."
76561198344441683,Recommended,493340,32118419,Posted: 1 June,all,calilover2007,"I absolutely LOVE Planet Coaster! Everything about it is incredible, from the game itself to the generous updates that Frontier gives us periodically. It is so easy to lose yourself for several hours of the day creating an amusement park masterpiece. I highly recommend to anyone and everyone!"
,Recommended,493340,32137708,Posted: 2 June,all,Mick & Rorty,Everything I want in a theme park sim!
76561198138188081,Recommended,493340,32212952,Posted: 5 June,all,danieliazzz10222225,This is the true Successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon 3. Good Job once again Frontier! I liked this game very much it brings out my imagination. I hope in future updates they bring back the mix Master Display feature in the next updates. Overall Very nice game. Truly Recommended.
76561198150768199,Recommended,493340,32282167,Posted: 8 June,all,oof.jpeg,"This game has been pretty good. There are not many coasters to choose from, and the number of rides and coasters is DWARFED by the amount in Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, and that came out over 10 years ago. Very customizeable, and the parks can look very good... if you put time into them. That's the thing. It takes WEEKS to make just a SINGLE, GOOD, FUNCTIONING COASTER that can get Excitement, Fear, and Nausea all in either green or yellow, and THEN you have to take up all the free time you have decorating it. AND THAT'S NOT EVEN TALKING ABOUT THE PARKS. They take SOOOOO long to make, and the themes can get pretty useless, as most of them do not have a premade building in at least one of the categories. Graphics are good, though. Not complaining there."
76561198144528936,Not Recommended,493340,26735361,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Kriget,"A good looking game with a great soundtrack. I got kinda bored after a couple of hours however since this game (right now at least) is missing some mechanics for me to keep playing it. I miss some challanges such as a leveling system, or a tech-tree, or guests which arent always happy and spend their money on everything that they see. Sure, you can play the game on hard setting, but once your park comes over the threshold where your park has a steady income - it's far too easy.For me, there is no long term goal beyond the 3-4 hour mark in a park."
76561197970328600,Recommended,493340,31096450,Posted: 12 April,all,Tribu,"Im going to keep this short! Best themepark game there is atm. Deep, customisable easy to learn game for everyone that likes to build themeparks!"
,Recommended,493340,31099136,Posted: 12 April,all,Kola2,"Frontier Developments are really starting to become my favorite developer.If you didn't guess it from that above statement - this game is good, like really good."
76561198260516060,Recommended,493340,31958639,Posted: 25 May,all,AbstrXact_Data,"Amazing! This Game is definately worth it! Something I would definately recommend, and (suRpRisinGly) the Coaster building options and overall realism are great! (I know, surprising because it's called Planet Coaster!) However, if you are an Atari/RCT fan, you should remember the rule of thumb for Atari fans: ""It's always a bad rip-off of RCT _, no matter how good quality the game is. Until there's Go-Karts added. Then it's amazing."""
76561197967208527,Recommended,493340,32068756,Posted: 30 May,all,Masilv,"Planet coaster deserves to get a review, simply becuse this is a well known genre (Park creation games) and this game is far above the rest.ProsThe publishers of this game is top notch, tons of new content available for free.The creative and design aspect of this game is superb and astonishing, there is no better game if you like to make your own beautiful creations.Sound is top notch, music and the park athmosphere is escalated greatly purely by the sound. This game deserves several rewards for best sound/music crew.Well made game, this is not a early access game by any means.The content in this game allows for great possibilities in what you make, you can make anything you like.The builder in itself is easy to understand, placing/rotating/sizing is simple.The coasters is lots of fun to build and ride, huge amount of coasters to choose from.ConsBelive me this game is awesome, however it could be so close to perfect. The management aspect of this game is poorly thought out, and if only there was the same time and consideration they have put into other aspects of the game put into the running of the park, this game would be flawless. Sadly this makes the game a park creator instead of a park management game. The problems you run into managing is often a question about if you earn negative or positive income, there should be way more aspects then the money issue.A major factor into why the management feels soul less is becuse of the guest behaviour, the guests does not feel alive, even tho they have plenty of thoughts into how beautiful your park is or how fun a ride is. The behaviour is often irrational and unlogic making them impossible to understand.The staff AI forces every staff member you have into a greedy satanist, not fun to manage.The cons is very appereant. But the devs is working on this issue and they have introduced more management aspects you hafto consider(thefts and more guest thoughts). However i belive they should turn way more focus into the guest and staff behaviour. The staff should be more vibrant, atm they are dead entities that make every staff you have behave in the exact same manner:Input amount of time = want more wage/more training, Until capped.Guests also should have stronger priorities and demands, this is the first park simulator that introduces families walking around, what if instead of every member joins a ride, the children goes on it and the parents demand a place to sit while waiting for their kids. This might be long way off however, atm their generic thoughts is summed up by if you have a good ride or not.Good ride: everyone rides it.Bad ride: none rides it.The guests and staff needs to feel more alive.That being said overall the game is fun, can recommend if you like to create stuff."
,Recommended,493340,29617874,Posted: 31 January,all,RideTheSoulPole,"Don't start this game if you have anything remotely important to do with your life. So easy to get lost in..  possibilities are endless, gameplay is smooth and more importantly FUN! Physics and mechanics are both challenging and rewarding. Highly recommened, especially as someone who grew up playing the RCT series."
76561197970126730,Recommended,493340,32190531,Posted: 4 June,all,Sedren,"One of the best park sim games I've ever played, and certainly the best graphically. If you are looking for an extremely involved management system, while it does have some tools, this probably isn't the game for you. If you want a challenging but not extremely overwhelming park sim, with a ton of options for creative park design, this game is a must have. The design aspects are where this game really shine, and for those who aren't as design-oriented as some the Steam workshop support allows you to grab some very cool user-created content to flesh out your park design.Also to note: I bought this game very early on, just now getting back into it. The developers have been very true to their word adding a ton of extra content post-release at no cost. I took a leap of faith because the game looked promising, but was a little lacking in rides and shops initially. The game is fleshing out nicely both with game mechanics and added rides/shops/etc. Highly recommend this game both for the fun-factor and because these developers deserve support. While I full expect larger DLCs or expansions later on, they are not nickel and diming their player base which is extremely rare with developers as of late."
76561198003174259,Recommended,493340,28850534,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CrankyCoon,"It's probably the best rollar coaster game I have played since the original Roller Coaster Tycoon.It's fun to design a park, put down decorations, design rides, and all sorts of other stuff.  It feels like every little choice matters, as it could have a ripple effect throughout the park.  Have too similar shops too close together?  Sales won't be good, so one will quit.  Fail to get enough trash cans out?  Litter in the park.Some have complained the money management is lacking.  That's true, but that doesn't mean it's bad.  That isn't the focus of this game.Also, I never used the Steam Workship before to upload anything as it seemed too complicated.  Well, it's very easy in this game, and your creations do get noticed.The only thing that took the wind of my sails was the final mission.  It was too hard for me, so I cheated my way through it by downloading a creation that would satisfy all of the requirements.  I stopped playing at that point since I felt the curve was too high.  Though, freeplay mode would fix that.If you want a good theme park experience, pick this game."
,Recommended,493340,29424657,Posted: 22 January,all,newton82,"It's so easy to loose track of time playing Planet Coaster. It's such a great game. My playing experience is based on the sandbox. This what was needed to fill the rct creation void. Great game that keeps growing. Coaster are not as realistic as NoLimits, but fairly comparable when you consider all that the game does. Can't wait to see what the future holds."
76561198196639917,Recommended,493340,30345074,Posted: 5 March,all,jacksonkevin1169,"The only thing I can say with absolute confidence is THANK GOD FOR FRONTIER! After Roller Coaster Tycoon World launched and quickly became a joke, Frontier released their incredible game that has, in many ways, replaced Roller Coaster Tycoon as a major player in the tycoon/simulator genre. This game stands out as the spiritual successor to RCT3 and Frontier Developments certainly learned from their failures and successes after so many years of making great games in this genre. I truly hope this is a new franchise for Frontier and even hope that great expansion packs will soon follow. I also have to say that there are not a whole lot of quality games that are coming out anymore which stays true to an aging genre, but I really am happy that they decided to make Planet Coaster. Now the only thing left to do is delete RCTW's contents off my hard drive...:)"
76561198027347032,Recommended,493340,26674418,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Muppetlord,"The true predecessor to Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 is here. And it's damn good.I was skeptical about this game. It always looked great but I thought it would suffer from lack of depth and content (especially in the rides section). But I can tell you it does not.There are finite amount of rides, but the number is definitely big enough. Another thing is that the rides are very unique for the most part. Almost every rollercoaster has some sort of special design that sets it apart from the rest.The game looks great and runs great on my system. (980ti on a 3440x1440). That being said. My park isn't huge.I've only got 1700 guests so far. So performance could get worse but I honestly don't think it will.The building and customization is almost flawless. The only gripes I've got are so small that it's not even worth mentioning. It's an incredible idea they've put into the game. That you can customize, every building, with whatever you want basically. Or build your own buildings of course. Which leads to some incredible detailed parks.The biggest problem I've got is that for the most part, the game allows clipping when building. Which is great! But sometimes it wont allow it and it simply tells you ""obstructed"". Not a big issue at all but if I had to say something negative that would be it.The management part is waaay deeper than I thought. For the first time in a RTC type game we have to manage our staff. They each have their own happiness, which for the most part will stay high as long as you keep their paycheck on a reasonable level. You can also upgrade/train all of your staff which will increase the effectiveness of them and raise happiness but they will also require a raise. Staff also seems to get unhappy and usually quit if they're not doing much. For example I had a hat vendor that basically got no customers. He got more and more unhappy and eventually quit.The rest of the management is mostly financial. Which works great as well. You can get advertisements which increase certain groups of people. Teens or families for example. There's also research which works like it did the the earlier RTC games. You give them a budget per month and tell them what you want them to research, and after a few months you'll get it. Not that deep but it doesn't need to be. It works just fine for this type of game. Like I said it's quite deep and you can drown in the menus at first but the UI is very nice and smooth so after the first hour or two you should have a good hang of it.Soundtrack. There are few times I take notice of a games soundtrack. I might think to myself, oh this sounds quite pleasant. But then ten minutes later I've forgotten about it. Not the case for this game. I can tell you, I watched the launch trailer over and over because the goddamn music is so awesome. It's so cheerful and it should be mankinds number one cure to depression. It's amazing. Every time I start the game and hear the main theme, I forget about my problems in life for a few moments.This is a goddamn masterpiece guys. If you, like me were playing RTC3 as a 10 year old, then you need this game in your life. If you haven't played a rollercoaster game before and you think it looks interesting. Then you should probably buy it too. I might mention that if you're not a fan of managing money you can build your own park in the sandbox mode where you have unlimited money.I might also mention that this game justifies a $60 pricetag...But yet they've decided to make it cheap. Bless these devs and their mothers.Buy it."
,Recommended,493340,28022184,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sonya Penny,"If you love building citys or you like having complete control over building stuff, this game is for you. Its Addicting. It really is, i just want to add one more ride or add one more scene, but i gotta go to bed :(. Thats me everytime i play this. There is no stop to the game, what i mean is, it never gets old, and for me, probally never will! :D"
,Recommended,493340,29422774,Posted: 22 January,all,Jochem285,"Regular updates, great development, really nice engine, lovely graphics, mod support and tons of hours of gameplay. Downside is the focus on aestetics instead of making money, which for me is more important in a themepark simulator."
,Recommended,493340,29632149,Posted: 1 February,all,neal121,Love it! Reminds me of original Roller Coaster Tycoon and what it once stood for! Great game!
,Recommended,493340,30363668,Posted: 6 March,all,Poh Tay Toe,The first 2 Roller Coaster Tycoon games were incredible and the 3rd one was where the franchise became a disappointment. This game is what should've been the next step in the series. The amount of customization is endless and is leaps and bounds ahead of what the RCT games gave us.
,Recommended,493340,30368746,Posted: 7 March,all,Sorren,"Planet coaster is the best theme park simulator I have ever played. With a very large range of flat rides, track rides, some water rides, coasters, and planned future additions by Frontier Developments on the way, this game provides a lot of content. It is very clear that a lot of polish and hard work went into this game. Animations are smooth and fluid, and every park guest is fully animated as they go about their day with their own specific needs and wants. I would highly suggest this game to anyone who played Roller Coaster Tycoon or Thrillville back in the day."
76561198354033296,Recommended,493340,32200815,Posted: 5 June,all,Ned Flanders,Love it!!!! It is the best game ever and worth more then that buy it if you want to have fun it can be slow though
76561198026256489,Recommended,493340,32205039,Posted: 5 June,all,Vitamin_Steve,Bought this game to relive rollercoaster tycoon memories and im not disappointed.20 hours played and going to continue.
,Recommended,493340,32205609,Posted: 5 June,all,Funny_Meng,Funny
76561198130063094,Recommended,493340,27836856,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MuzzUK,"Remember the 1990s Mega Drive & PC game Theme Park? Well this is that game with lots of new features and modern day graphics. I was worried this was literally a game about buying roller coasters and editing them as it's called Planet ""COASTER"" but hats off to Frontier Developments they're doing well with Elite Dangerous and this game has taken the 1990s game I loved and spent many hours on and dragged it into 2016 to create a decent theme park simulator. I'd give this 7 or 8 out of 10 well done David Braben!There are a few bugs and annoyances but they don't bother me or take away what a good experience this is. The pathway laying system is a bit clunky as it has no click and drag and the same can be said when you add or change tracks on some of the rides.With the base games and no downloads you are limited to pirate, cowboy, sci fi or fairytale themes bit a bit of christmas and cartoon thrown in. If you learn to customise buildings with the in game tool which again is a bit clunky you'll be able to expand on the themes easily. Obviously you can get themes and download content from the Steam workshop which is really easy and means there's no need for paid DLC.I haven't played the Roller Coaster Tycoon series ever and I don't need to because of this game being as good as it easy. My experience is purely based on the original Theme Park and the many years I sunk that game.This really is a single player park management sim/game you will lose far too many gaming hours too if you like building parks with micromanagement. There's sandbox mode if you just want to build without worrying about money then there's challenge mode where you have to improve or save failing parks and of course you can start your own with a few funds and loans from scratch with a pick of 8 different maps.Generally this a great game and it literally feels like 1990s Theme Park but with modern day stuff.It even has all the old GUI menus (with modern graphics) for staff, rides, shops, doing research and tweaking many areas of your park. The micro management is something I feel is balanced just right.Because of the cool maps, terrain editing tools and blueprints allowing you customise things there's a lot of replayability for players who can fine tune things and are very creative.Optimization needs a little improving on lower end PC's but I'm running on a GTX 1080 so no issues but I've heard people with R270s and a bit lower have fps drops.Buy it!"
,Recommended,493340,31088326,Posted: 11 April,all,Von Pete,"Please fixI love this game, i owned it since beta realese, i love it! Always played RTC for evger and this game really chage the way we play this type of game but.....Please fix gates/fences i thought for 1.2 update this issue was going to be fix.whats the point of having gates if the bots (A.I's in game) go straigth trough the gates or fences, it be nice to program the Bots to avoid going trugh the gates that way we can divide the footpaths and make gides and such.Please like if you agree lets see if planet coaster can fix it!"
76561198286737644,Recommended,493340,31116007,Posted: 13 April,all,epicvoodoo,i became addicted to this game like almost instantly.
76561198177058450,Recommended,493340,31073914,Posted: 11 April,all,jackbennettburbage,I THINK THIS GAME IS GOOD IF YOU LIKE GAMS THAT INCHANT ROLERCOASTERS IT IS WORTH IT
76561198163084264,Recommended,493340,35137221,Posted: 22 September,all,BreakYourThumb,"I am so satisfied with this purchase. I have been wanting a tycoon type game for awhile that I can pick up for an hour or two a night and this is perfect. I jumped right into the sandbox mode and was a little lost at first with the controls. The hints are useful here, but I didn't find them to be enough and some online help was needed. After learning the controls, I easily picked up the game.The depth that this game goes to is unbelievable. I constantly feel that I am finding new things about it. You can either go with pre-made buildings/rides or make your own custom things. You can pick the type of shop, walls, roof, signs, items sold, and what even goes on the items (ketchup and onions on hotdogs or just ketchup, etc.). I liked building custom shops when making themed areas in my parks. So far, I have dabbled into making a fairy tale, pirate, futuristic, and general Planet Coaster park. Through this, I have also found out that I am just flat out terrible at making roller coasters. They always end up being too scary for guests and they won't ride them :(.Overall, I love this game. I am looking forward to their upcoming DLC, which in my mind is priced well. If you are looking for a roller coaster tycoon, go elsewhere. If you are looking for roller coaster tycoon in 2017 on steroids, BUY THIS GAME. Your welcome."
76561198057882603,Recommended,493340,35127667,Posted: 22 September,all,GarrusGotReach,Terrific game. I couldn't reccomened it higher
,Not Recommended,493340,33057710,Posted: 30 June,all,Hadley,"I expected basically RCT4 but its not a Tycoon Game at all. Its a Sandbox for creative People to build♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you are more interested in the Managing-Stuff etc this Game will disappoint you.All the little Details are great, but I was never the type of player who spend hours putting scenery in my Parks. I always used the Prebuild Coasters and tried to get the finances stable and focus on the marketing and research.I'll probably buy it again if its cheaper and they patched some depth into the Managing by then."
,Not Recommended,493340,32132918,Posted: 2 June,all,Cyclops,"Should be a game I love, but just cant get in to it.Its familiar, similar to other theam park/rollecoster games,but I cant get the hang of the controls, and feel like im droped straight in to expert mode.I miss an easy/tutorial level"
76561198012790431,Not Recommended,493340,29224613,Posted: 13 January,all,Beatlejuice,"I cannot recommend due to one simple problem, the game requires a constant internet connection. This is not listed anywhere I've noticed on the store page. Always online requirement for a non-multiplayer game is unacceptable."
76561198175157082,Recommended,493340,28545064,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Vector,"I am Chinese,there has been some time since planet coaster arrived on steam.Many Chinese like it.Wo hope official Chinese edition.Chinese please!!!Chinese please!!!Chinese please!!!Chinese please!!!Chinese please!!!"
,Not Recommended,493340,34227541,Posted: 13 August,all,Midnight,"As of 2 patches ago, the game is somewhat broken.  All staff eventually quit, regardless of training level or pay.  Huge showstopper unless you like to run around constantly reopening your shops.It was fun when it was working correctly, but not a fan of babysitting vendors vs building up the park."
,Not Recommended,493340,26872679,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BrotoriousNIG,"It's very pretty and the level of customisation is brilliant, but there are two things wrong with this game:Assets: there are not enough.  It seems like the devs have gone for the 'profit from the community's creativity' business model and are relying on the Steam Workshop for content, which means your pirate-themed themepark can only go so far.Management: this is not a management sim.  It is impossible to do badly at this game.  Everything turns a profit.  Just put your stuff down and let it go.  Buy marketing for your park?  Go ahead; it's never a bad decision because if your park is big enough that you can afford the marketing, it will definitely return enough visitors to pay for itself.  All you spend your management time doing is optimising your profits.  The profits themselves are never in question."
76561198096808194,Recommended,493340,31095307,Posted: 12 April,all,⋠Ĝ๏ą✞⋡'ƦэŁĨq.,WARNING : May cause extreme amounts of creativity.
76561197995209228,Not Recommended,493340,31675789,Posted: 10 May,all,Noverus,"I even really like this game, so it's almost painful to write this review like this.The graphics are gorgeous, the feel of the game is there, but under the hood - that's what feels lacking.Everything I've done so far boils down to maybe research if I need it for stars, plop down whatever ride you don't already have that you started with, and wait. The game pretty much runs itself after that, with the player's interactions almost irrelevant.I like the game, but the way it runs now? I can't recommend people get it, unless they're looking for something that's basically holding their hand all the way through.***Apparently I need to maybe make this a bit more clear.In a simulation game I don't expect to be given the keys to the castle from the very outset, where I can create 1 or 2 structures and then sit back and wait unti l've hit the victory conditions. I expect to be engaged, to have the simulation push back against what I'm doing. To feel like I'm having an ongoing impact rather than everything running in a clockwork universe fashion after I've set it up.Examples:StellarisCivilization seriesRimworldEU IVBanishedHomeworldGalactic Civ seriesPlanetbaseCrusader Kings 2"
76561198114086229,Not Recommended,493340,28414502,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,madman,"Unless you have a rig with balls as big as saturn save your cash, several update later millions of complaint in forums about performance on rigs that are well over recomended specs and  a so called big update dec on dec 15th thats has almost destroyed what there was of an actual game (apart from an actual sandbox) has now been killed - a ride isn't even a year old and people no longer vist like it has the plauge, ive played enough of this game and seen enough rubbish from devs about performace and bottlenecks to say ""SAVE YA CASH"" buy something else!!"
,Recommended,493340,26723514,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,IKEA,Just yes yes yes...
76561198008984856,Recommended,493340,26650072,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Big Mike,Spiritual sucessor of RCT 1 & 2 much greatness !
,Recommended,493340,28729251,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TheAverageNerd,"If you enjoyed games such as Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 and even games like Cities: Skylines, pick this up. It is to Rollercoaster Tycoon World as Cities: Skylines is to Sim City. Pick it up :)"
76561198027061204,Not Recommended,493340,28853708,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Emoquit,"Fun, but still a bit buggy.Biggest down point for me is the fact that you cannot build big coasters due to the mechanic it uses. Long rollercoasters will break down before they finish a round because the larger the coaster is the faster it will break down. At a certain point it breaks down every minute. (Mechanics can only inspect every 10 minutes)"
,Recommended,493340,26740866,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Azure,"Addicting.After a while you get performance issues, but even at 30fps the game is fun (that means a lot coming from me)."
76561198195977947,Recommended,493340,31171437,Posted: 15 April,all,Theshtabyss,best coaster game amazing graphicss
76561198132497153,Recommended,493340,29441748,Posted: 23 January,all,Xd,Dis is gud game ecks dee
76561198217183972,Recommended,493340,26650995,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Pugking4,Hard Controls!
,Recommended,493340,27374945,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Conkerkid11,Best Roller Coaster Tycoon game available on Steam.
,Not Recommended,493340,34844302,Posted: 9 September,all,MajorSky,Don't even think about to build your dream park in sandbox mode... the game's engine can't handle it!I can't understand why the developers not support DX12 or Vulcan in year 2017 in a game where draw calls are more important than in any other case.I cannot recommend the game to people who just would like to sandbox... like in RCT2 Days.
,Recommended,493340,31158790,Posted: 15 April,all,マジやばくね,"notifications notified a thief in my park.hired 20+ guards.my park bankrupt from payday, staff resigned and theft still on the park.10/10 would hire more guards"
76561198053619045,Not Recommended,493340,27758384,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,gabrielscunha,"Game is broken right now. Aliasing all over the place, bad performance, NVIDIA DSR doesn't apply, cursor stops working and I have to alt-tab to make it work again, alt-tabbing somehow improves performance, sometimes game won't even start.I was really eager to play this game, but in its current state it is unplayable. I spent the whole day trying to fix it and make the experience worth it but in the end the game still doesn't run well, aliasing cotinues to be a problem and crashes and cursor problems persists.Devs will probably fix this in time and I'll probably change this review to a positive one after it's fixed, but right now, if you, like me, was looking foward to play an awesome theme park game that simply works, I would way a little longer."
,Recommended,493340,28440377,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,GardevoirChan,This game is amazing. Its Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 on extreme steroids plus more.
,Recommended,493340,26645878,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Michael,It's basically rct3 remastered with mods.
,Recommended,493340,28407414,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Emaxmagnus,"Not perfect but good enough for a positive review.If you're into over-theming everything this will be the perfect game for you, if you're looking for a more realism-oriented simulation game.....ehhhhhhh.....Despite lacking some content, (DLCs aside) having a broken coaster rating system, fairly mediocre ''simulation'' and ''things to manage'' environment and a laughable carreer play mode you can still have lot of fun and achieve good levels of realism in the sandbox mode (pretty much the only mode i've been playing).The price is not bad at all and Frontier has proven to be taking care of this game during its early life, while I disagree with the type of updates and content they're providing us I'm not complaining about the fact that they're constantly working on the product."
76561197972248053,Not Recommended,493340,35260111,Posted: 28 September,all,Officer-Doofie,"I started playing the career and i really liked it. The handling is a bit complicated but after about an hour i get used to it.Then i wanted to save the game... getting the message ""You can not save because of missing DLC""I have to buy the DLC to save... really!?!? Thats a ♥♥♥♥ing joke... I read the discussions on steam, you have to remove all objects in the park which are DLC content... how should i do that without clicking every ♥♥♥♥ing item... CRAP!!!! Refunded the came..."
76561197995183277,Recommended,493340,28512833,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,VicE',(Y)
76561198143493649,Recommended,493340,29264885,Posted: 14 January,all,Infected_Neuronz,"Just buy the damn game its amazing! all we need is a huge update for scenery items, mainly flowers, trees etc! I have nothing bad to say, the game is video ""crack"" lol!"
76561198256965928,Recommended,493340,28131200,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,NotSure,This game is. (Yoda Voice).
76561197970776599,Recommended,493340,26693044,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Scratchsteel,Spent 8 hrs just to dig a perfect hole
76561198032110010,Recommended,493340,26686253,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,greenpLayer,Team for Atari... Thats how it shoul be...
,Recommended,493340,26756997,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Kekistani Crusader,yes
,Recommended,493340,31989383,Posted: 26 May,all,scottpott8,good
,Recommended,493340,32948584,Posted: 28 June,all,galveston,YES!!!
76561198064521554,Recommended,493340,33244409,Posted: 4 July,all,RTK I3_O_S_S,This game will keep your girlfriend happy
76561198353234012,Recommended,493340,28671741,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,lennonmc10,its a good game but i think it should tell you that it will nit run on mac books i got it on my mac book and it did not work so i had to use it on my pc but it keeps lagging on therebut it is still a very good detailed game
76561198045737800,Recommended,493340,32640482,Posted: 22 June,all,Mark,"The game was really enjoyable when it was released and they've just kept on adding new content since. I'm quite impressed. Not the hard-core management sim I might have preferred, but creative and fun nonetheless!"
76561198280324849,Recommended,493340,29464272,Posted: 24 January,all,iiGalaxyKoala,This game looks amazing but for me it said no suitable 3d graphics adapter avaliable. :(
,Recommended,493340,28037088,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Juice Box,Steam review achievement 2016
76561198160613881,Recommended,493340,28923366,Posted: 1 January,all,Tepig,"i cant start the game, help!"
,Not Recommended,493340,29286234,Posted: 15 January,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"I played it for like 2 hours before I got extremely bored and decided to get a refund. If you like tycoon games with a lot of community creations then you may enjoy it, but wait for it to go on sale first. It's just not worth £30"
,Recommended,493340,29682061,Posted: 3 February,all,(＾Ｕ＾)ノ~ＹＯ,ye
,Recommended,493340,30326313,Posted: 4 March,all,arfo,isa good pepperoni pizza
,Recommended,493340,30431455,Posted: 10 March,all,Wandradam,"i`m sooooooo addicted to this game. I was a really big fan of Rollercoaster Tycoon series, but with this game you can build WHATEVER you want!! I really love it!!! I cant say any bad word of it, there are some annoying things what i dont really like... but is non-sense to discuss about! Try it! and buy it! super :)"
76561197994044393,Recommended,493340,27963494,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,smokeblueshadow,just doing this for awards badge but an excellent coaster sim
76561197970535741,Recommended,493340,28024897,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Darth Jed,Buy this. Play it. Love it! That is all.
,Recommended,493340,28156470,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,SPOOKY NAOMI  🎃,... nice
76561198249397154,Recommended,493340,28168333,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Zennie,"ever since this game has launched all it does is crashes, im sick of losing all my hours of work, now i go to log on and it wont load"
76561198200210975,Recommended,493340,28239037,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,sjbeard58,Best Game Ever!
,Recommended,493340,28260620,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,乃ﾉGGﾉモ,:)
76561198351866315,Recommended,493340,28398192,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Texonace,best game ever it has the best engine to run on any computer.it has the biggest variety of items
,Recommended,493340,28399647,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,JoelraffePug,bes gaem eva
,Recommended,493340,28410317,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Mico,I don't have time to write a long review. Buy it. It's fun
,Recommended,493340,28454808,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,m4wzs,"The ammount of detail in this game is insane, must buy if you like the theme park genre."
76561198310985695,Recommended,493340,28511969,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Radu47368,how do fix constant crashes?
76561198322644026,Not Recommended,493340,29177038,Posted: 10 January,all,Clorox Bleach,"It really breaks my heart to give this a negative review, but in it's current state I can't give it a thumbs up. The game itself is awesome! It's extremely fun to let your imagination go wild and create a fun park that has very aesthetically pleasing art and style to it. But there's one problem.It won't. Stop. Crashing.I'm getting constant crash reports left and right, and it's really frustrating as I can't get anywhere in the game without having to save every minute. I should be able to create what I want in this game without having the stress of remembering to save constantly, as it takes away from the overall fun and immersion. I will change this review when the crashing stops but as for now, save your money. You'll only be frustrated out of your mind."
76561198335771566,Recommended,493340,31126481,Posted: 13 April,all,JaceD4V1S88,"This is the REAL Rollercoaster Tycoon 4, LOVE THIS GAME!! LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT!!!"
76561198303802434,Recommended,493340,28901360,Posted: 1 January,all,Truffle_Chocolates,"Stop complaining it crashes or doesn't work, it crashed after 10 minutes for me aswell and almost broke my pc, the reason for this is because of the specs, read them before you play, you need a good pc for this game, but the thing is for the 10 minutes i played it, it was really good and i've seen so many other people play it and it looks great, my new computer is currently on it's way can't wait to play this i've been waiting for months!"
,Recommended,493340,33890623,Posted: 29 July,all,Corehero,"Came out on my birthday, AND I LOVE THIS GAME"
,Recommended,493340,29638477,Posted: 1 February,all,LorDe CAkeD,Game is worth Every Dollar...Especially if your a RollerCoaster Tycoon Fan...this makes RCTW Look like Crap so BUY PLANET COASTER!!!
,Recommended,493340,26704182,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Vertic,IT CRASHES WHN I TRY TO RECORD BUT STILL A GOOD GAME AND ALSO CRASHES WITHOUT RECORDING
,Recommended,493340,26646340,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,LemonLoafer,"""It's bloody perfect."" - 10 year old me using a time machine to write this message. Jokes aside this is the game I've only dreamed of being a reality since my cereal box copy of RCT1 opened a whole new world of creativity for me. Words can't really do it justice for how much Frontier delivered here. The true successor to the RCT crown. (Review updated for the badge)"
,Recommended,493340,28196064,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,HELLFIRE SCORCHING,Hard to get the hang off but its enjoyable at some degree.
,Recommended,493340,26668893,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,nyzgo.,UNDERRATED !
,Recommended,493340,26681390,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,TAYK-47,"very, very good"
,Recommended,493340,26725741,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Redheaded Ruffian,I love these developers! They are actually listening to us! ^-^ <3
,Recommended,493340,29100653,Posted: 7 January,all,Vestrel,"This game is absolutely incredible. If you've got the pc to run it your going to have an absolutely great time.becasue my pc isnt the best it does lag quite a bit, i average about 10 fps, which is really bad. It doesnt ever take the experience away but it would be nice if frontier could do a little bit of optimisation. Also the game is a bit pricey.You can tell frontier took extra care to make the customisation options in this game as best as they could, some of the custom buildings people in the community have made are beautiful, the rollercoaster building in this game is also very customisable. The terrain tools in this game are some of the best ive seen, from creating small hills for your coaster to go over, to making a massive mountain that towers over your park in the distance.overall this is a dream come true for fans of the theme park builder, and a must have for anyone who wants a new game to pass the time. I havent exactly put much time into this game yet, but i know i will put a lot of time into it in the future."
76561198017887257,Recommended,493340,28076093,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RogueCammy,"Am enjoying this game very much. Graphics and gameplay are perfect for a fan of the older RollerCoaster Tycoon games. Only problem I can see is that I don't think there is Full Controller Support, I may be wrong, but RollerCoaster Tycoon World has it and I think its a feature that would be helpful for people who can only play on Steam Controllers."
,Recommended,493340,27664286,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LordSauron,Does for RollerCoaster Tycoon. what Cities Skylines did for SimCity. Its the one to own.
,Recommended,493340,29484282,Posted: 25 January,all,JDX,..
76561198158282746,Recommended,493340,28329595,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Daniel J. Cohen,"Really nice game, enjoyed every moment."
76561198378975125,Recommended,493340,35147217,Posted: 23 September,all,howlingmaddy,"Best theme park Sim ever! Fantastic graphics, limited only by your imagination  (and sometimes poor pathing.)"
,Recommended,493340,31188896,Posted: 16 April,all,3ffet,Gorgeus game. Finding myself playing for hours when it really feels like minutes.
,Recommended,493340,26716510,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Cameron,This game is perfect. Thanks you! So much detial so much wow.
76561198127406674,Recommended,493340,31140243,Posted: 14 April,all,ROYAL BACON (TPC),thth
76561198094222511,Recommended,493340,26648967,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,armegedon27,it wont work
,Recommended,493340,26652680,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,INERTIA DRIFT?!?,Rollercoaster tyooon but way better
,Recommended,493340,28849982,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,★4chan /b/otnet★,"This is a great game in EVERY WAY, exceptOptimization (15 fps on low with mid-range graphics card)Some bugs."
,Recommended,493340,26740855,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Mechia,Well 18 hours in 3 days. I think this is a good game.
,Recommended,493340,26740001,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Subliminal God,This game is a blast! I can't recommend it enough.
76561198021230399,Recommended,493340,26740420,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Bazil Theatre,"Simply put the best coaster sim ever. It has it's flaws, but from what I've done, and what I've seen others do, it's as good as it gets right now. Buy this if you ever loved a Tycoon game."
76561198021707967,Recommended,493340,26740498,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,marricklip14,A solid 10/10!
76561198256184282,Recommended,493340,26740780,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,CubeBoy,This is a perfect game ecsept it crashes.
,Recommended,493340,27869009,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AleX,We need Chinese!
76561198239219102,Recommended,493340,28849020,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ShelbieTheTurtle,This is such a beautiful game. Way better than all of the Roller Coaster Tycoon games combined.10/10
,Recommended,493340,27870013,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hoodratkat,Spent 2 hours building a bathroom. 10/10
76561198020313484,Recommended,493340,26646860,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,football13tb,10/10 Great Game.
,Recommended,493340,28780864,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,|OM| TheBaahMaster,Incredible management and tycoon game. the real RCT:3 followup everyone has been wanting. now everyone can forget about RCT:WORLD
,Recommended,493340,28790163,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,F2 Jonsandman,"This review is aimed at developers of the game etc.Is there any way I can get a full refund on the game please? I bought the game a few days ago and it wont work; i got that message that basically tells me that i dont have a good enough pc. My Mam is really mad and I would appreciate any help on the subject.DISCLAIMER: Planet Coaster is a brilliant game, I have absolutely nothing against it."
76561198150968614,Not Recommended,493340,28915154,Posted: 1 January,all,elexamarie,"I found this game to have a great concept, but ultimately it fails in long term gameplay. I found there was simply not enough variety in ride choices. Excluding roller coasters, there are maybe 12 or so games (""thrill"" and ""gentle"" for those who were into RCT). With each of these rides, you may customize with scenery and building, but I just yearned for more rides overall. I even found there to be a lack of nature options. The scenarios were also underwhelming with very little challenge. I found there just isn't that same long term drive as I had with RCT, and for this price.... I'd think twice."
76561197990834620,Recommended,493340,35189689,Posted: 24 September,all,ChopperMac,Loved it!
76561197996587412,Recommended,493340,30242764,Posted: 28 February,all,Crabby Carl,10/10
76561198191719330,Recommended,493340,26691592,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Qwerty,Can somebody help me? My textures are bugged out!
76561198167695643,Recommended,493340,29921166,Posted: 14 February,all,Block Boy,Good game
,Recommended,493340,29643472,Posted: 1 February,all,WYH,goooooooood
,Recommended,493340,28836310,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,EmilDaso,Is pretty cool
,Recommended,493340,29652272,Posted: 2 February,all,MarcomachtKuchen,"The ghame itself is fantastic, but the more time you spend on it the greater it gets.Tis game takes some time till you realize its fullest potential."
,Recommended,493340,29910556,Posted: 13 February,all,Bobby807,If you liked roller coaster tycoon 3 then you will definitely like this game. Graphics are beautiful. Controls are easy to use. There is almost and endless amount of things to build and do. I would definitely recommend this game to everyone. Frontier did an amazing job with the game. 10/10
,Recommended,493340,29923048,Posted: 14 February,all,lolChill 고양이,A+
,Recommended,493340,29914379,Posted: 13 February,all,gaming is fun,the best roller coaster game aver
76561198125346103,Recommended,493340,26648057,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ventrue,Cool game I hope they'll add more themes later.
76561198314255705,Not Recommended,493340,35245176,Posted: 27 September,all,Karismatic,"It is an awesome and great game, if you have a good PC... Mine is a £700 computer and it is extremely difficult for me to play the career mode due to crashes. I only brought the game a few days ago and hopefully I can help fix my problems and enjoy the game for what it truly is."
,Recommended,493340,31226080,Posted: 18 April,all,A Lover Of Jesus (Dylan),"I was so excited to buy the game, When I first launched it i was so excited because I wanted this game for a couple of weeks. When I saw that you could customize your character and stuff I was pleased about that then got into the building and absolutely loved it! If you like letting your imagination thrive, building, rollercoasters or theme parks than this game is for you a brilliant game!This game has so much, just the amount of detail"
76561197970943884,Recommended,493340,28210181,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Sir Moonblink,"Awesome, Buy it!"
,Recommended,493340,28210533,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Lord Empire,Best game!
76561197970940668,Recommended,493340,26732866,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,HeInZ,"this is probably one of the best games of 2016 thx for this one david <3perfect for some time if you just want to chill, everything works and runs perfect.just love it"
76561198023065495,Recommended,493340,26651670,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Der fiese Türkise,You can put your own music into this game. Now my guests listen to death metal. \m/
,Recommended,493340,29627031,Posted: 1 February,all,svelle,The Theme Park simulation we've all been waiting for. Seriously it has no competition. It's to RTC:World what Cities: Skylines was to Sim City.There is not much else to say that hasn't been said a hundred times in other reviews so I'm going to keep this short.Oh I wish there was a way to do collaborative Park editing. But this will probably be a dream of mine forever.
,Recommended,493340,26742668,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Day Man,Basically RCT:W if it were actually good.
,Recommended,493340,28158487,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Chaonix,Simply the best park sim ever made.
,Recommended,493340,32207881,Posted: 5 June,all,Fuh Q,What can be said that hasn't already? The game is the best of any coaster game and is optimized well. The developers are also great people and really care about the longevity of the game with continuous updates. This is also a game everyone can play and that includes you so do yourself a favor and purchase it because there is no way you will be dissappointed.
,Recommended,493340,32213353,Posted: 5 June,all,The Jew,Excellent game. Simply smashing.
76561198065513822,Recommended,493340,29903936,Posted: 13 February,all,Clumsyninja,"This game is not only the best theme park game i have ever played, but one of the best games i have ever played period. I have been busy with work, and haven't been able to play as much as i want to, but i try to pllay when i can. The games visuals are very beautiful, has amazing soundtrack, and is just tons of fun to play. The developers are very friendly, and care a lot about this games community. If you want a great theme park game, with a lot of charm, and fun, than this game is for you! Do not pass up Planet Coaster! It's a wild ride!"
76561198014990719,Recommended,493340,26674295,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Sir Nate The Great,"Played all night last night.  It's so fun!  The graphics are beautiful, the gameplay is awesome.  Building crazy coasters is insane!  The sky is the limit.  I try to make all my customers barf.  The custom content adds so much!  Beautiful game.  10/10"
,Recommended,493340,32806053,Posted: 26 June,all,live_hdj,nice game but too expensive
,Recommended,493340,32849186,Posted: 27 June,all,z4a7wq,GOOD
,Recommended,493340,27350580,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OhNoADuck,Great game! You can build almost anythng with the props they give you and everything is just good quality.I particularly like making coasters that keep people hanging upside down in the air! They stay there forever!
76561197999163317,Recommended,493340,32654684,Posted: 22 June,all,Patrick Bateman,As a lover of Roller coaster tycoon. I can't recommend this enough!
,Recommended,493340,32653717,Posted: 22 June,all,Ayma Moron,so much fun!! the bulding does have some limits but sometimes you cannot even tell you can still build almost anything you want. it is one of the few games that is completely worth the price even when it is not on sale
,Recommended,493340,32758276,Posted: 24 June,all,Bot Thunder,im just buying this because of the reviews.
76561197969643714,Recommended,493340,31290131,Posted: 21 April,all,SirGalrim,Excellent theme park game! :-)
,Recommended,493340,31288582,Posted: 21 April,all,Admiral✯✪✯Ackbar,"More Freedom, More Updates, More Fun"
76561198195941023,Recommended,493340,32977012,Posted: 29 June,all,ctravis97,is guud
76561198301102549,Recommended,493340,33082285,Posted: 1 July,all,Mcfly,"This is such a great game that I can recommend it to everyone. Everything in this game is great like the graphics and that you are able to create what ever you want. The new firework update makes the game only better and even more realistic. there is for me even no minor point in this game. So if you like creating your own realistic parks, I can highly recommend you this game."
,Recommended,493340,33069328,Posted: 30 June,all,TyFeafkin,Like RCT3 on steriods!
,Recommended,493340,33069907,Posted: 30 June,all,boomking,There is none better. Worth every penny.
,Recommended,493340,33049545,Posted: 30 June,all,Scott Bowman,amazing
,Recommended,493340,32360213,Posted: 12 June,all,PurpleHeart,another gift - i like creating theme parks and this is just another game i love
,Recommended,493340,27176855,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WizardLvL99,Planet Kekster.9 keks out of 11.
76561198377281257,Recommended,493340,33237121,Posted: 4 July,all,♛Matthijs♛,it a fun game
,Recommended,493340,32883504,Posted: 27 June,all,Novapolitan,"Very good game. Has great mechanics to it (like the Rollercoaster Tycoon series) and a wide variety of coasters/""rides"" to choose from and design. The NPC ""mood system"" is also pretty cool since there's different things that each customer/employee in your park need to stay happy, so there's more things you have to consider while building your park to accomodate each type of person.  I can see a lot of potential in this game, and its especially nice that people contribute to the ""Steam Workshop"" so you can download/upload different stuff to add to your park. Overall would rate a solid 9/10 puppers. Gr8 game"
,Recommended,493340,26651298,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Kristusea,Amazing. Buy it. Now.
,Recommended,493340,33328933,Posted: 6 July,all,TheAlberto,I like it.- Ron Swanson
,Recommended,493340,26646337,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Willbl3pic,"Great, as Frontier's games usually are. It's rather addicting."
,Recommended,493340,26666415,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Bargain Bob,♥♥♥
,Recommended,493340,26927875,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,darknekopaladin,Spent 60 minutes just on the effects for a coaster.....10/10 would do it again!
,Recommended,493340,26668413,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SupaLevi,"I've played Minecraft for 5 years straight. I also built themeparks in MC, but didn't always felt that good (it's MF*ckin' blocks)I felt in love when I first touched the endless possibilities of creating your own whole teampark without any limits except your own imagination.Second pro point is that this is not No Man's Sky.So, 5/5"
76561198022034110,Recommended,493340,26668464,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Lukas der Kåting,10/10 would build a super high and super expensive rollercoaster that nobody drives again
76561198096008104,Recommended,493340,26793650,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jconnor991,"If you wanna scratch that itch where you wanna build something from nothing or micro manage an amusement part or do both, this is the game for you"
,Recommended,493340,31870067,Posted: 20 May,all,SilentMini,my workshop isnt working. help
76561198370590220,Recommended,493340,31892762,Posted: 21 May,all,Poopy27,Best game ever!
,Recommended,493340,31973147,Posted: 26 May,all,Whipper Snapper,just buy roller coaster tychoon
,Recommended,493340,26646229,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TokMudim,Great simulation game!
76561197990927224,Recommended,493340,27332722,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Protector,I just realized that this is a better castle builder than Stronghold 3
76561198082551189,Recommended,493340,26653511,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,RYAN30156439,"Cant stop playing this game, I am scared that she's going to  leaves me guys :( But then am like ""all the more PLANET COASTER BABY"" :) only thing that is missing for me is the security :( please i beg put it in the game."
,Not Recommended,493340,32029095,Posted: 28 May,all,AngryAnsari,"Good if you enjoy sandbox builders, not much of a managment game however."
,Recommended,493340,26653181,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,JamesKohls,Can use second monitor when I play this game 10/10
76561198162354222,Recommended,493340,26653199,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,josephcharleskaye,Holy guacamole. This is the best Amusement Park Sim ever created.
,Recommended,493340,26665249,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Fat Chode,"""Original"": I originally gave the game a negative review. However, after actually playing it and not just complaining because I got below 30 FPS always, it was pretty good. From my experience, with the lag and all, I would give the game maybe a 7/10. If I can somehow fix the lag, 10/10.Update: It was just that I didn't have my graphics card plugged in all the way and I wasn't get the full performance on any of my games, this one was just really noticeable. Oops?"
,Recommended,493340,33004657,Posted: 29 June,all,KEEGAN,Reasons why one should buy this game-No need to download a bunch of custom scenery to make this game look nice.That is really it honestly.
76561198214513527,Recommended,493340,33014970,Posted: 29 June,all,Salty Burito,fun game
76561198066004418,Recommended,493340,33439848,Posted: 10 July,all,TheRealFatMan,"Join us as we let our imagination run wild in the latest theme park simulation game to hit the market, Planet Coaster! Throughout this exciting series you'll be able to join Shawn as he builds his dream theme park, along with learning everything about this awesome new game along the way.Developed by Frontier, Planet Coaster takes theme park design to the next level allowing more flexibility than ever before and was released on the 17th November 2016. Throughout our series of videos, you'll also be able to get involved by suggesting which rides we should build, along with names for our attractions! New Planet Coaster videos will be uploaded to our YouTube channel regularly"
,Recommended,493340,33513530,Posted: 13 July,all,Supersomething,"One of the best theme park builders out there at the moment.  Complete customization over ride building and an extensive park decoration system.  This is also backed up by a significant modding community and creations from other builders being placed on an easy to access hub.  All of this allows you to contiously add to your parks by pulling creations from others, or simply by making your own.  Customization is king in this game, and you can create some magnificent looking theme parks.The one big issue some may have with the game is the fact that the actual running of the park ( i.e., waste management, food, thirst, budget, etc.) is not too deep or particularly difficult to manage.  Once you have enough popular rides the rest of these issues really deal with themselves because you will inevitably have enough money to ignore budget concerns and can basically throw money at all of the other problems.My personal issue is that the park doesn't have that bus of guests coming in during operation hours for the park like the old school tycoon games used to have, and it seems like guests as well as the park run 24/7.Other than that this game is fantastic for people who want to scratch that theme park itch and build some really cool rides and parks overall.  It is a visually stunning and overall really enjoyable theme park builder."
,Recommended,493340,33525311,Posted: 13 July,all,Hermann Göring,Overall I think this is an awesome game and I would highly recommend it
76561198004523975,Recommended,493340,33531468,Posted: 14 July,all,Manfred.Top [pApR],Other developers should really take these guys as an example. So much free post launch support... is this even real life?
,Recommended,493340,33537939,Posted: 14 July,all,Takumi,"Planet Coaster is truly amazing, and a much better and more worthy successor to a classic game made immortal by the same devs. If you're looking at Rollercoaster Tycoon World, then don't have second thoughts! Get Planet Coaster instead!"
76561198011481783,Recommended,493340,33538415,Posted: 14 July,all,zc0n`,great game!!!!
76561198191896365,Recommended,493340,33544081,Posted: 14 July,all,Ottoro,Absolutely a wonderful game. The only issue I have is that larger parks are sometimes laggy but at least there's an option to build a large park without any stupid park area size restrictions.
,Recommended,493340,33552273,Posted: 14 July,all,Daddy Dubaaa,"This is easily the best simulation game to date.. Planet Coaster has such perfect music, gameplay, and is a perfect game itself..I absolutly love this game, while it may need a couple tweaks to bugs, it's extremely close to perfect in my opinion."
76561198249857684,Recommended,493340,33556690,Posted: 15 July,all,8bit,Fun game and good soundtracks. :)
76561197995094624,Recommended,493340,33557777,Posted: 15 July,all,Skulljerker,"al long time ago is started with RCT 1,2,3 and all the addon's. but the last startup for Rct 3 was like ten years ago. so now a read and seen alot about planet Coaster and the tycoon one.  so decided to start with the planet one.  boy o boy its still a game in progress but the communitie is just amazing. this game will be  on top in my steam mostly pleayed games ever. If you ever liked an RCT version  is this game a no brainer to purchase."
76561197962098680,Recommended,493340,33565276,Posted: 15 July,all,Cheap,i love it everything sbout it it is so fun to build your own rollercoasters and see what other people make
,Recommended,493340,33568190,Posted: 15 July,all,eat4ESH,Great game. Will be incredible as more content gets added.
76561198162822660,Recommended,493340,33572580,Posted: 15 July,all,IamValhalla,"Firstly, my PC specs are:Intel Core i7-4790S @3.20GHz16GB RAMNvidia GeForce GTX 970Win. 8 64-bitHardly shabby, but certainly not up there with the best, and only when my parks reach many thousands of guests and endless rides and scenery do I see any drop in framerate. I can build the same park for weeks without any issue.Anyway, to the game itself - I absolutely love it. It is NOT a management game, no matter how much Frontier want us to believe that to be the case. It's a sandbox theme park builder, and a bloody glorious one too.Start new park. Add a thrill ride and a small custom coaster. Wait until some money is rolling in (it won't take long). Build more rides. Add some shops. Some facilities. Start redesigning the park how you imagined it to begin with. And just... carry on from there really.The fact there is a seperate ""sandbox"" mode is almost an oxymoron; there's really no need unless you don't have the patience to wait an hour or so for unlimted money. Career mode is also pointless.Planet Coaster is the ""Cities: Skylines"" of theme park builders; the challenge is in creating something beautiful, not in simply maintaining what you create at all costs.I like to think I can build amazing coasters, the kind you would go on yourself if they existed, but then I browse through the workshop, look at all the creations, and have my ego wounded.Regardless, it gives me something to strive towards.My only real gripe is the syncing the game does each time I close it down. WHY does it update at such slow speeds? I've seen a download rate in bps (not even k or mb), and it does this EVERY TIME I close the game.... why???PROS:Achingly beautiful.Literally infinite coaster creation potential.You can create ""dog♥♥♥♥♥♥♥park"" if you really wanted and fill it with custom dog wangs.You will find your Steam friends [who also own the game] wandering around your park.Steam workshop is amazing.Quirky, genuinely funny, guests (their thoughts).I could spend days building and riding coasters.Free updates (what many other companies charge for).CONS:No way to create custom maps for challenge mode.2 of 3 game modes are pointless.All maintenance staff (of each type) look identical; janitors, mechanics, security.Building.. erm.. buildings can be really fiddly.Camera is bipolar."
76561198236847656,Recommended,493340,33577979,Posted: 15 July,all,Floffah,"This is a great theme park sort of simulator game! it is better than and is completely different from theme park tycoon (in my opinion) which makes it better. the only thing i reccomend before downloading the game is that you have a really good computer , i dont have a good computer but it sortof runs but basically sets my computer on fire it makes it so hot (it doesnt though) and it laggs a lot and im on the lowest grapics settings but i still enjoy playing it"
,Recommended,493340,26701963,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Arndusk,"Very customisable, very detailed, very fun."
76561198037217284,Recommended,493340,26672791,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,zeperose,진짜 힐링게임들어가자마자 저절로 미소짓게 만드는 음악투박하지만 이상하지 않은 아기자기한 그래픽하기도 전부터 맘에 쏙든다
,Not Recommended,493340,29185717,Posted: 11 January,all,Chumpion,no ability to really play independently outside of the planet coaster premade maps without having unlimited funds unless you wish to start on a completely flat map that has terrain controls locked to money.Surprised this wasn't an option to begin with but unfortunately it has ruined my chance to enjoy the game as the option to start on an empty map with existing terrain and build within the confines of money is how I enjoy playing these games and without this my enjoyment of this game is low. Sorry!
76561197968463489,Recommended,493340,26652691,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Kwortic13L,A fantastic alternative to the real world.
76561198078305301,Recommended,493340,26653085,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,DaBatman,What the hell is RollerCoaster Tycoon World?
,Recommended,493340,26652692,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ridge,The definitive theme park simulation game.
,Recommended,493340,26646857,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Equation™,This brings back the same feeling I got from when I played the original Rollercoaster Tycoon from back in the late 90's (Those were the days)So much love has obviously been put into this by the developers.Well done Fronter... You have succeeded.
,Recommended,493340,33901711,Posted: 30 July,all,Jamie Hill,"This game is great, i can tell they are working quite hard and putting a decent amount of effort into their game, but i find that hvaing to buy kits to build certain items is quite annoying. i mean understand they may need some extra money to do certain things, pay developers and other stuff. If this is to happen i think they should work on maybe a few new features which could make the game a lot more realistic.1. Water Parks/FlumesI find that their is 1 big thing which is missing in the game and that is the features of being able to make your own waterparks, i know the game is based on coasters and themeparks but you can see in certain theme parks in real life they have water parks attached to them for example Disney Land and Blizzard Beach.Universal and Volcano Bay. Immagine the possibilities with the theming of the game with water parks it would be brilliant. If u had to pay for this i definetaly would.2.Ride CamerasThis is a small feature but in real life you see ride cameras and they take pictures of riders so you dont have to use your own camera. I feel like this would be a cool feature and their could be a stand outside so customers can buy the photos.3.Number of laps on ridesin certain parks their are rides that go threw twice or three times, mainly the tracked rides and the junior coasters i would like to see that implemented in the game4.Being able to change the hieght on the drop towers.5. I would like to see some sort of multiplayer mode, maybe if you could build upon a park with your friends or compete with eachother to see who could make a better park stats wise. this would be a fun implementation to the game and give it more of a unique game.Theirs a just a few features that i feel they are missing and should defenitely be added in.I am going to go onto one thing that put the game down a bit and should be fixed.Smoothing of the ridesI find that when i have finished the ride and smoothed out it all with the feature they have added on certain inversions and turns it doesnt look smooth on the ride camera and bit rough at times. even thought its bareable at times and they are working on it it still comes a out a bit rough.but even though the things i have mentioned could possibly be putting you off the game, in the end it is a enjoyable and fun game to play and good if you just want to play a game which is time consuming and fun at the same time."
,Recommended,493340,34477193,Posted: 25 August,all,drchewey,One of the best games I have brought .Only problem is screens slow the game down a lot.
,Recommended,493340,34479463,Posted: 25 August,all,Thixor,Pros- there are no cons- This game is beatiful and there are like 1 million pros to this gameOverall score 100000000000000/10
76561198034601780,Recommended,493340,26652456,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Wess,10/10
76561198274759348,Recommended,493340,31162511,Posted: 15 April,all,DiogoBarata,"The game is pretty good at the level of gameplay, but the level of scenery is very good, more than recommended!"
76561198073140448,Recommended,493340,33963381,Posted: 1 August,all,denthdeath,"Love the game takes a bit of learning,i think it took me about an hour to create my first building in sandbox, once you get used to it then it is on!!!!!! i just feel like i am back to being 8-9 years old playing RCT 1 but with waaaayyyyyyy more options and of course graphisms. I think on top of it it is a great way to push our creativity when it comes to create sceneries, our minds is pretty much the limit. Just buy the game you will do yourself a huge favorKeep in mind that you will need a decent machine to play it, but i really hope that the Dev will optimize it in the future :)"
76561198116653425,Recommended,493340,33994008,Posted: 3 August,all,HUNGRY!!!,nice can use your music to this game
,Recommended,493340,33982441,Posted: 2 August,all,Radioactive Pickle Weasel,"Gameplay is great. Graphics are great. But the game is so poorly optimized. I am running on a 1080 and after building up a moderate size park, you get about 20 fps regardless of your graphics settings. It is a lot easier to ignore in a game like this vice a fps or something like that, so I was able to deal with it."
,Recommended,493340,33988668,Posted: 3 August,all,Thulle,"Successor of a game of my childhood, if you've been looking for 10 years for proper Rollercoaster tycoon game, search no more, this is the one you are looking for. Combines old-school gameplay with modern features and absolute creative freedom. No silly limitations in terms of imperfect technology, you can do ANYTHING in Planet Coaster. Great soundtrack, good singleplayer, steam workshop support - so you can share all your creations directly through the game - and download content of other people. Micromanagement is not tedious and you can really focus on building your own park.I own a lot of games, but I can safely say this has been the best purchase for last 3 years. If you've been playing RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 as much I did back in the days and can't just move on - do it, with this game!"
76561198074884057,Recommended,493340,33997856,Posted: 3 August,all,BOSCO,"I love this game! It takes me back to my childhood.  The vivid graphics, animations and wonky park guests are great.  Easy to get up and running, but will take quite awhile to master it all.  Years of replay here."
76561198074175090,Recommended,493340,33997202,Posted: 3 August,all,Fatpowder,Perfect
76561197992234285,Recommended,493340,26678818,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,^^CrustyDemon^^,Planet Coaster did for Rollercoaster Tycoon what Cities: Skylines did for Simcity. The Workshop is awesome and the creations arer already top notch. The game has potential to be huge. To the muppets who says it's crashing or that it won't start. I have NEVER had a game crashing or not starting on Steam... on any computer. You need to throw your prehistoric pc away.10/10 Would have a better computer than 99.8% of steam users again.
76561198376645292,Recommended,493340,34309576,Posted: 17 August,all,Jey_Jey27,Best Game ever!!!!!!
,Recommended,493340,34266144,Posted: 15 August,all,Terner,I don't have the creativity to do anything worthwhile in the game. Watching other people play the game is fun though.
76561198107535632,Recommended,493340,34423112,Posted: 22 August,all,Kratje Pils,Great tycoon game!
76561198289558071,Recommended,493340,31187372,Posted: 16 April,all,karenjw5,planet coaster is the boom. they have everything that roller coaster tycoon world has and moree
76561198042390581,Recommended,493340,26651154,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,matei_ns,"if I could give 1000 stars...i would...one of the best games I`ve ever played. Customizable, smooth, fun, inteligent. Best game in the genre (building sim overall)"
,Recommended,493340,32031795,Posted: 28 May,all,SomeRandomDumbass,"10/10, Would fail American Government Final Exam to build a perfect wooden coaster again."
76561198124336918,Recommended,493340,27373337,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Советский молот Sm,THE SOUL OF RCT
,Recommended,493340,26651537,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Gamesa,"Everything RCT:W should have been - Amazing job, Frontier!"
76561198182708713,Recommended,493340,34180591,Posted: 11 August,all,The Gaming Gang,"Short Version:If you loved RCT3, 2 and 1 you'll love this. It works great on reallllllly bad computers and looks beautifull! If your looking for a game to sit down and instantly get addicted, this is the one for you. It says Iv'e only played 51 hours but steam is c**p and deletes hours so here's the real amount: 172 hours!Long Version:One word. PERFECTThis game appeared around it beta to me. I bought it once it had first released and now altogether have played the game more than I care to admit. The controls, the scenery, the rides, the rollercoasters, the stupidly additcting music, the palm tree, the piece of driftwood plank! ITS JUST BEYOND ANYTHING! And don't worry if your playing on a s**ty laptop because it runs like a charm... before you decide to explode it. Hmmmmmmm.Lastly thanks for reading,The Gaming Gang /     [youtube]Josh - The 4 Idiots      [youtube]"
76561198116160588,Recommended,493340,34741689,Posted: 4 September,all,Steffurt,BEST GAME EVER!
,Recommended,493340,26830439,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,shankly1985,"Best game of 2016, who would have thought you can have so much fun without shooting things XD"
76561198323671046,Recommended,493340,34742849,Posted: 4 September,all,jderosas0404,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,493340,27350207,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KitsuneRisu,Made a coaster that launches guests at 120 km/h into the mouth of a giant kraken.Guests find it 'too intense'.
,Recommended,493340,27347753,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fire Dragon,Is great
,Recommended,493340,27348441,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alpha Ghost,what alot of fun
,Recommended,493340,26678758,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Scam Randy Newton,"Planet Coaster brings park building back to life. It opens up a gigantic world of building and sandbox play with tons of things to play with at your fingertips.However, the game, while being vast, is not very deep. The management is on par to older tycoon games with the exception of a couple tweaks (such as training staff and adjusting salary to meet their happiness). The game gives you three types of rides: 1)Coasters, 2) Track rides, 3)Flat rides. While coasters and track rides have a lot to them and variety in ways, the flat rides have none.All the flat rides spin and twist and are very bland once you've placed them over and over and over.The creators of this game did a good job with the sandbox, but failed to focus on content for the management aspect of the game. While someone I've heard has said ""it will take me a year to get through all this stuff."", they are sadly mistaken. You can recreate things in different ways, but at the end of the day, it's still the same flat ride that twists and turns like the last one you just put down.They also missed the potential to expand on management. While doing so, they missed the opportunity to give players macro-management. Late-game is quite stressful focusing on individual shops and employees, rather than entire groups of shops and employees.Over-all, it's a great game if you want to design a park and let your imagination run wild. It is not a great game if you want to manage a park and have a true challenge in creating the park. This might change with patches and updates.This review is based on release. Frontier has stated they will be caring for the game after release."
,Recommended,493340,31913086,Posted: 22 May,all,Lord Shiku,WORTH IT. I build parks in sand box. dont care about the campain. The steam workshop makes that play style amazeballs! Controls took a bit of getting used to but once you do the added flexablity is worth the change. 8.5/10 RIP my  up comeing summer break lol.
,Recommended,493340,26663904,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Alliedwar,"Umm, after one of the longest days of work ever and it being stressful as hell. This game just made my entire day. From the gleeful music at the very beginning to just bringing back the nostalgia of everything that made Rollercoast Tycoon 1,2, and 3 an incredibly fun time. I've only gotten through the first scenario, but plan to spend a lot more time in it very soon. The graphics are great, the music and sound are really top notch, and the gameplay is just plain fun. Thanks Frontier. I really appreciate that you made this game for everyone to enjoy!"
76561197985584749,Recommended,493340,27486303,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SynapseCdn,Game keeps crashing within the first 5-10 minutes of running.. Is their any possible fixes for this
,Recommended,493340,26648870,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,env.Sidular! | decade.tf,"Alright, so I've yet to really have a lot of time within the wonders of Planet Coaster. However, I've got some early thoughts for this thing, and in short, yes; you should buy it.If I had any single complaint at all, it's the unusual fact that there aren't as many premade customization options, as far as character customization goes. The customization of the rides, shops, and park in general, are all very extensive, and powerful. But when it comes to your own personal avatar? It's honestly quite lacking.Another minor complaint, is actually one of Planet Coaster's main selling points. Customization allows you to build ""off the grid"", so to speak. While on paper this makes for a truly unique park, with you in full control over everything. However, I've been finding that building a well organized park takes a little bit of extra effort. To build a straight path down a fictional grid that I myself have to essentially draw on the spot is difficult. Too difficult, especially coming from the older RCT series.There are also a ton of blank category options in the build menus. The categories are there, and the potential to fill them is there, but as of right now, it's just blank. I'm sure you can easily fill these up via Workshop submissions, but still, I'd like to have at least one or two options within these otherwise blank categories.All in all, Planet Coaster is a World above the competition, to a point where the ""competition"" isn't really competition at all. This game is polished, looks amazing, and is an all around great buy. However, for future buyers, just be aware that this game isn't really complete right out of the box. There's a lot of room for further customization, and some ride and shop options are just missing entirely until you yourself opt to fill them. To some, this is a bit of a limitation, but if you're willing to take the time and effort needed to create a truly unique park experience, Planet Coaster is the ultimate simulation.However, if you're more of a blueprint type of builder, the Workshop is pretty much a requirement. You'll be able to easily fill out any of the currently missing content. I just personally wish it wasn't missing to begin with.Planet Coaster gets a 7 out of 10.  It would get an 8 if the game had more stock blueprints.Ultimately though, as the community grows, and the workshop content increases in quality, Planet Coaster is an easy 10/10 for theme park simulation enthusiasts, myself included. The only reason it's getting a 7 is because of the lack of stock content.Also, as a side note to the developers. Please, PLEASE, add Virtual Reality support to Planet Coaster. This would be the ultimate dream game for me and many others, especially with the wide range of rides available to us. Imagine the VR potential here. I'd personally purchase a new *quality* headset just for Planet Coaster. So please, Frontier. Make it happen. I need my first person rollercoaster goodness!"
76561198248661906,Recommended,493340,26653615,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SpeirSide,Take RCT3 and get rid of the bad stuff and add in 1000+ more good stuff and you get this 10/10
76561197970348104,Recommended,493340,26647888,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Fortuna,Fun fun fun fun....Insanely detailed in options and graphics.10/10
,Recommended,493340,26647904,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,neems,Great game. That is all.
,Recommended,493340,26647821,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Harrison,This GAME.
76561198166860504,Recommended,493340,31140573,Posted: 14 April,all,georgewharley,i think this game is amazing it is grate fun to see your park grow but one problem is it can become a bit repetive after some time but overall very good.
,Recommended,493340,31139447,Posted: 14 April,all,Kelmes,"It's the best rollercoaster simulation game since rollercoaster tycoon 3, it's probably even better."
,Recommended,493340,31142323,Posted: 14 April,all,ZaweFusion | BruCru,I've always been a fan of RCT3 and this brings so many memories back. Great interfaces and I'm in love with the art style. Overall very nice experience.
76561198304139341,Recommended,493340,35137478,Posted: 22 September,all,megdiadotexe,If you poured hours and hours into RollerCoaster Tycoon like i did when i was just a wee nipper then you will love this!!!
76561198405381501,Recommended,493340,35047739,Posted: 18 September,all,Joseph,The only thing is it will not load up anymore D:
76561198076746449,Recommended,493340,33032633,Posted: 30 June,all,Schnitzelman,"So far it is lookin goooooood. Worth buying people, even more on summer sale!"
76561198116645195,Recommended,493340,33034349,Posted: 30 June,all,guidot6,very fun JUST BUY IT
,Recommended,493340,26645911,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Matthew Fair,Amazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzing
,Recommended,493340,26646297,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Anakin Dankwalker,"Great game, f*ck rctw"
,Recommended,493340,26646600,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ashitaka,Absolutely phenomenal.
,Recommended,493340,26651445,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,WeazelBear,"Absolutely love this game. Very polished and the developers are very active in listening to the community. This game gives you the tools to be as creative as you want to be. I've gotten lost in the details on more than one occasion and would strongly recommend this game to anyone that loves a creative outlet, enjoyed any Roller Coaster Tycoon game in the past, or likes management sims."
76561198083894217,Recommended,493340,26651191,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,S.W.A.T.,"I definitely recommend this amazing game! It is peaceful, fun and you can do a lot with this! =)))"
,Recommended,493340,31586373,Posted: 6 May,all,InkyOtter,Game crashes and freezes after the Frontier logo.F*** this game.-------------------------Fault fixed and game is very fun
,Recommended,493340,33290036,Posted: 5 July,all,zzzsamzzz,"I really enjoy this game, it is well made"
76561198036005068,Recommended,493340,34095245,Posted: 7 August,all,a JU-87 Stuka Dive Bomber,"Always crashes no matter what changes i make, absolute waste of 45 dollars"
76561198155407778,Recommended,493340,26649909,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Vlad The Inhaler,FIX YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME!
,Recommended,493340,31246437,Posted: 19 April,all,German Pancake,"This game is the kind of game that you play for a week straight, get bored of it, then come back to it and remember how much fun it was. This game is great. My one and only complaint is the map sizes. You can build a large ammount of stuff on the current map sizes, but if (more like when!) you want to build the next Disney World you may have issues. I also disslike how you cant edit the turrain out side of the map, but it's not too bad.8/10"
,Recommended,493340,35238846,Posted: 27 September,all,Dr Evyl,"A thoroughly enjoyable Theme Park game in the tradition of, well ... Theme Park ...The focus of this title is the huge flexibility in the park and scene construction tools.My only complaint would be the limited customisation of the smaller rides. If the Devs released a paid DLC to be able to match the rides to your chosen Park theme I would pay for that in a second."
,Recommended,493340,35249253,Posted: 27 September,all,TheUKmoody,If you loved the original Rollercoaster Tycoons? You will love this game! One the best Sandbox Games on the market :)
,Recommended,493340,33240227,Posted: 4 July,all,Dark Redslayer,"I nearly passed on this game because of a review below that said there was no management aspect and you essentially either played sandbox mode with infinite money, or do short challenges in pre-existing parks and then move on to the next.Luckily, I decided to try it anyway as this turned out to be completely false. I'm guessing the person who wrote the review played the game for 20-30 minutes through the first two modes then refunded.TLDR : Buy the game, its great.If you play ""Challenge mode"" you do in fact start in an empty field with limited money, starting with just a few rides and a couple shops available to you. You then have to do research to get more rides/shops, manage your workers pay/training levels (they will actually quit if they become too unhappy. if this happens in a shop, the shop is then closed until you reopen it, which hires a new person to run it losing any previous traiing you'd invested into that shop), manage ticket prices for rides/park entry, manage shop prices to try and make guest satisfied while making the shops profitable etc etc (A cool thing I found is that if you use one of the pre-made shops, and the shop isn't profitable, but the building looks good and you don't want to move/delete it, you can actually just delete the shop out of the building and put another in its place).Building customization means you can take any of the pre-fab buildings and use it for whatever you want, or you can actually completely build your own building to put the shops in to.You can even run advertisment campaigns and see a noticable difference of people coming into the park while active. I'm not sure what game the other people here played, but this game is essentially what Roller Coaster Tycoon 4 should have been.Depending on the difficulty you choose, rides will ""age"" faster or slower, and when they get old people will be less interested in them, but if you keep them active long enough they can become ""Classic"" and people will then like it even more than when it was new, this is a great feature I actually wish the old RCT games had, because I hated when I finally had a roller coaster I really liked, and it got old and I had to replace it. Now I can just leave it there, and if I price it right, people still ride it, then eventually it becomes popular again, meaning I can truly build a park the way I want, without having to worry about placement issues when I have to rebuild a ride.Also if a smaller ride is losing too much money, you can ""Rebrand"" the ride which bassically bumps it backwards in time, and makes people treat it as a newer ride again. This costs some money, but can be well worth it if you're running a tight budget and having a ride lose money for a few years could cause you trouble.So if you want that Roller Coaster Tycoon management style game, then this IS the game to buy. Just play ""Challenge mode"" and be happy.No game is perfect, but I was pleasently surprised at what I got."
76561198415893922,Recommended,493340,34552321,Posted: 28 August,all,sophieleigh,"Fun game with lots of possibilities. It looks amazing and can be really addictive. Lots of room for creativity.The only remark I have, is that some things are a bit annoying. Even if you put bins along the road with only a small space between them, the game keeps saying you need more bins. Rides also keep breaking down a bit too frequently and I would like to see more scenery options. But like I said, it's a great game and I would rate it 8/10."
76561198005510116,Recommended,493340,26648631,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dr. Claw,"Game is fantastic, you can adjust almost everything in the game down to the smallest detail from terrain manipulation to adding, moving or removing fixtures on buildings to exactly how you want them to be. Unbelievable customization options!"
,Recommended,493340,26714709,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Dewnis,"Probably the best coaster park tycoon type game I've ever played, sadly i get crashes which again and again stop my fun and roll my progress back. Until these crashes are fixed i sadly can't recommend the game. Hopefully there'll be a patch shortly to correct the issues.Edit: Well, since posting this review i havn't had a single crash so I'm most certainly going to recommend it. Enjoy the best theme park game on the market!"
,Recommended,493340,26854809,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eezee,This game is great.  It's like the old school roller coaster tycoon games but somehow better.  Only thing is that it's REALLY hard to make a good coster.
76561197961023805,Recommended,493340,31097971,Posted: 12 April,all,Mobius,"I love this game. They keep adding substantial and meaningful improvements for both quality of life and content. If you have any affinity for the Rollercoaster Tycoon games, you'll really enjoy this game. My only issue with it is it's hard to stop playing."
,Recommended,493340,31100726,Posted: 12 April,all,Benjaminius,"Planet Coaster provides a ridiculous level of creative freedom on par with games like Minecraft and Terraria.  This is one of the few times that a game made me feel like my creativity was only limited by my imagination rather than game mechanics.  The management aspects of the game are it's weak point, but that's not to say they are necessarily bad.  If you are the sort who wants a challenging management game and doesn't have any interest in building, you will have an enjoyable experience, but will probably find yourself moving on to another title after you've mastered the in-game economy.  If your looking for an open-ended construction / building game with a bit of management thrown in (and don't mind slightly clunky construction tools), Planet Coaster is worth every penny and then some.  Performance is generally good, but I found that the framerate can drop below 60 FPS on larger parks, especially at night (GTX 1070, 16 GB RAM, i5 6600K)."
76561198323055871,Recommended,493340,32075791,Posted: 30 May,all,casalosgatos,really cool with a lot of tools!i think it is very fun
,Recommended,493340,32131339,Posted: 2 June,all,Flaero - Coaster Creations,Amazing for creating realistic coasters!
,Recommended,493340,32163997,Posted: 3 June,all,Churchburner McSatan,Advanced LEGOlike for those with unlimited imagination. And people like me. Amazing game. A must buy.
76561198067393242,Recommended,493340,32185791,Posted: 4 June,all,karmastorm69,"One of the best theme park building games out there. Absolutely love. Tip: to increase your scenery rating add lights and speakers and bushes, it helps a lot. Enjoy building!"
76561198110587292,Recommended,493340,32278418,Posted: 8 June,all,pat.wall1986,Best theme song ever.Best theme park game ever.The theme of this review is positivity. This game is really good.Y'know those gamews that just feel.... Happy? This is one of those.
76561198017828995,Recommended,493340,32342513,Posted: 11 June,all,Billydash,"Good game, very pretty and casual fun.Unforntunately we'll never know just how good the graphics could be as there is no NO SLI of crossfire support.Why dont they just make crappy graphics and leave it at that?One GTX970 can't cope at 4K resolution, two cards could, possible, but I'll never know or get to experience and enjoy the full graphics of Planet Coaster.Oh well, apart from that gripe Panet Coaster is still worth the money, ....possible even more if you have a top top end graphics card."
76561198017076013,Recommended,493340,33399289,Posted: 9 July,all,Texelion,"I can't believe this is the same studio which is selling Elite Dangerous, a barebone, empty, boring game for which they make you pay for each meaningless update, on top of having microtransactions ( a lot ) for cosmetics.Planet Coaster is the exact opposite of this. A lot of content, and they even add more for free. Interesting gameplay, plenty of rides and mechanics to play with, many different themes ( sci-fi, fairytale, western, winter holidays, etc. ) a lot of different coasters, and the tool for building them is really well done.It also seems really well optimized, seeing how many things are happening on screen, hundreds or even thousands of NPCs, rides and coasters running, special effects, music and screens displaying you own images and videos, etc. Well even with an i7 7770 and a GTX 1080 the game can drop to 40 fps when the scene is overloaded ( at max settings ), but really that's to be expected and it doesn't affect gameplay, because it's not a fast-paced game.The management aspect is minimal, which is a good thing imo because I don't like to bother with numbers.The scenario mode is like a giant tutorial where you are put in charge of badly functionning parks, and your goal is to make thing better and correct mistakes, which teaches you how to make a successful park by letting you figuring out on your own what's wrong. You'll see that the default thin paths are really not good, that putting shops everywhere is a terrible idea, and other basic things that helps you make a better park.The only bad thing I can say is that once you uderstand some basic mechanics, it's kinda easy to create a succesful park. Also the tools for building sceneries is not really good and a pain to use, it just takes hours to build anything pretty.Anyway, if you like to spend weeks building a cool looking park with tons of scenery and themes, the game is for you."
76561197970500688,Recommended,493340,26647725,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BrickTop,"Fantastic Game, Brilliant Graphics, Runs fairly well at 4k with some settings turned down (980ti). Has elements of RCT3, Sims4, Theme Park, Cities Skylines and loads more I cant think of right now.If you love 'sim' games you'll love this, after only 4hrs playtime I can already see the HUGE level of detail, complexity and work that's gone into this masterpiece of a game. Well worth the purchase price and Im sure in time even more content will be available through DLC packs.11/10 - Essential purchase :)"
,Recommended,493340,26648523,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,morph113,Almost as good as Rollercoaster Tycoon World.
76561197970370861,Recommended,493340,26674922,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Masterhummel,"If you're looking for the Rollercoaster Tycoon experience, there's probably no way around this.The level of polish is astounding if it comes to both graphics and gameplay. There are bugs but none i would call game breaking or severly impacting the fun of the game. Highlights are the rollercoasters and especially the underground construction."
76561198268655206,Recommended,493340,32132949,Posted: 2 June,all,joehvac71,Great game. Running great on my i3 7100 with Radeon Rx570
,Recommended,493340,32183313,Posted: 4 June,all,trickmaster013,"Amazing game, frequently updated, great community"
76561198261557320,Recommended,493340,32188254,Posted: 4 June,all,Shaquilliam23,"Wow, when I first bought this game I did not expect to enjoy it so much. There is so much to do in this game, and new rides and coaster types are still being added. For people who don't want to buy No Limits 2, this game is a more RCT like alternative. I would recommend this game to anybody who enjoys RCT, or even just the topic of roller coasters in general."
76561198356991005,Recommended,493340,32242802,Posted: 7 June,all,MagicMudkip,"One of the best games I have ever played. Way  better than RCTW, believe me I've played that excuse of a rollercoaster sim. From a true Mudkip. Praise the Lord Swampert"
,Recommended,493340,32345180,Posted: 11 June,all,mess,"Unbelievable spiritual sequel to the Rollercoaster Tycoon series. Paid full price on launch and I'd still pay full price today. Once you finish the build in challenges, there is a sandbox mode withdynamic challengesthat you are assigned along as you play. It really helps you get invested in your sandbox parks as you build them up."
,Recommended,493340,26666186,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,DMNS,Best theme park sim EVER.
76561198065837114,Recommended,493340,32159067,Posted: 3 June,all,CowDude2,"By far the greatest theme park simulation game. First off you will need to use your creativity to make great buildings. One example is that you can use the gold foot of an statue to be gold in a rock by hiding the rest of the statue. Also the amount of freedom you have when building a roller coaster is amazing. If you turn off some settings you can get the exact degrees you want the coaster to turn, bank, lift, etc. The game also looks great. I've seen some screenshots where I had to look at it for a second to realise it wasn't a real photo. This is by far better than roller coaster tycoon world and all the other park simulators ever created. A few things I wish we had were a bigger variety of trees and bushes. For a game where the guest do care about the scenery around the queue and ride we dont have many types of trees. You usually have about two or three of each type of tree. Usually consisting of different heights and shapes. The most you can do to make them not look the same is rotate the plant. I also wish that we had more types of roller coasters. I may have been spoiled from the amount of roller coaster types from RCT3 but we dont even have a regular B&M sitdown looper. I know the game is still farily new but I still think the creators should focus on the more popular types of roller coasters. Some would only have to be a train change instead of designing a whole new coaster type. In RCT3 you could choose the coaster then the type of car you want for it. I would love to have something like that eventually added in the game. Other than these two problems I personally love this gaem and spend way too much time on it.thisiswhymywifedivorcedme."
76561198006721222,Recommended,493340,26646667,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Lions RAWR,"One of the best sandbox games I have played thus far. If You love to really create your park, this is the game for you."
76561198369008961,Recommended,493340,32340169,Posted: 11 June,all,matt.coleman1980,Amazing game brings back roller coaster tycoon days all back again and far more amazing!
,Recommended,493340,33463962,Posted: 11 July,all,Etznab,"The game ist a jewel, true successor to RT and the Devs are great: free Updates added to a game that was already finished at launch. Exemplary."
76561198045398611,Recommended,493340,26653176,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Peter,"The BEST Coaster Park  game on the Planet !!  10/10      Made by Frontier, the creators of RCT3.  No loading or game problems at all. Runs nice and smooth on my Intel i7 3.66ghz    12GB of ram,  GTX745 (4GB) card, Windows 10.Highly recommended !!"
76561198100957875,Recommended,493340,32189149,Posted: 4 June,all,Holliyan101,Its great just wish the park guest were brave enough to ride my rides in the hell park
,Recommended,493340,32294814,Posted: 9 June,all,SmallPlague,The Coaster game of your dreams has finally arrived. Let your imagination run wild.
76561198072286622,Recommended,493340,32260303,Posted: 7 June,all,afro4743,Best game ever for computer.
,Not Recommended,493340,26763524,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vulture,"It is a great sandbox, but its actually quite a bad game.Management of the park is very basic and once you have the start going and the loans, you might have needed, paid back, it just runs automatically. sure you can optimize it all, but its not a challenge even on hardest mode.also they fully rely on you being creative or using the workshop, which is fine if you know that, but the game doesnt even give you one shop/toilet/giftshop of every theme itself, you either have to create it or go to the workshop or use blank ones.that kinda is a cheap way to solve the lack of content and to me it seems like they didnt really finish the game.so if you just want to build a beautiful sandbox park, go for it, if you are interested in the management, its maybe not what you expect, maybe a addon will expand on that or so.controlling the ways people arrive on your park would be a start. like busses, parking spaces etc."
76561198134582565,Not Recommended,493340,33460661,Posted: 11 July,all,Worldddd,"No ingame tutorial, nothing. With so much stuff provided with no ingame explaination, I have no idea what's going on. The video tutorial is so vague. It provides no deeper understanding of the game and its mechanic. There's no way for me to enjoy this game when I have no idea how to play it. Overall I will have to recommend no."
76561198064330241,Not Recommended,493340,29436137,Posted: 22 January,all,cTrL,"Played for a little while now. If you want free roam on building an amusement park its not bad. Wish the game had a larger stock variety of items but the steam workshop can compensate for that. The building itself is very time consuming. If you want your park to look nice you're going to have to work for it. The game does crash A LOT, atlest for me.Overall,.. if you can catch it on a good sale go for it but I think its base price is too high."
,Not Recommended,493340,29789149,Posted: 8 February,all,PeteL0af,"I was hoping this game would take the RollerCoaster Tycoon series (in spirit not in name) back to its roots. Unfortunately the dizzying complexity is not a good thing.Pros:- Lovely style and visuals, including the animations and distinct themes- Crowd system is really dynamic and impressive- Seems like there is a great game buried beneath all the superfluous menus/stats/optionsCons:- Clunky controls- Complexity and sheer amount of customisation available on everything is technically impressive but sucks all the fun out of building anything. I found it almost impossible to build even the simplest things. The seemingly infinite menus and statistics also contribute to this (if you do manage to build something)- Not a fan of the really fast day/night cycle"
76561198255763232,Not Recommended,493340,33349765,Posted: 7 July,all,PilotMikiPixi,"I really thought this looked cool, and when I saw videos of it people had fun with it too. But when I play, the game will run for about five minuets, then crash! I dont know if it is somthing with my computer or what."
,Not Recommended,493340,26673804,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,kojo,Really interesting and good looking game but unfortunately it's for creators only.There's not much management in this game and it lacks deepness. It's way 2 easyto host a successful coaster park.
76561197992863032,Not Recommended,493340,29464235,Posted: 24 January,all,Baalzamon,"Too much focus on design, too little on management for my taste. It's sad because the game is gorgeous."
,Not Recommended,493340,28320008,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,gigabarney,this game is not worth $60. at most id say its worth $30. there isnt tons of content and it isnt very difficult at all. as soon as you get a park started theres pretty much no way to fail.yes this game is still good to play if you are in the mood for it or have nothing better to play but id say get it on sale its not worth $60
76561198011936213,Not Recommended,493340,29434263,Posted: 22 January,all,Kim Jong Un,"Amazing customization, if you have the patience to piece everything together individually.I didn't find it to be as ""user friendly"" as I expected.I'll give it another chance sometime, I'm sure, but for now I just can't recommend this game for a ""casual"" park builder."
76561198085677882,Not Recommended,493340,28414682,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,jelmo316,FPS Issues plague this game.  This game is a real stroke of genius but is cumbersome to even the most powerful graphics cards because it is so CPU heavy.  It dominates an i5 3rd gen processor- I've read tons of scenarios where it eats up an i7 also.  Truly a shame.
,Not Recommended,493340,28636679,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,markymarc35,"I have been playing this game for a small amount of time. I like the game, the graphics are awsome , the game is easy to understand and the learning curve is very small. This game is (to my opignion) much supperior to Roller Coaster Tycoon that i played for a long time until the 3rd one came out.The issue that makes me not want to continue to play is the camera control. It is horrible, it is imposible to see the park from atop, near imposible to turn the camera, etc.The quick control menu that shows up on the left side is useless as the shortcut listed do not work, trying to rotate an object using Z+ the left or right arrow keys does not work.This is unfortunate as i was looking forward to playing this game but until the control issues are fixed, i will not be playing, it's too frustrating."
76561198165508065,Not Recommended,493340,29119246,Posted: 8 January,all,katienbinky,"Played for 10 hours no problems, having great fun but now constantly cash after 3-5 minutes of game play, making it unfit for purpose and unplayable, requested refund purely for this reason and was refused, what terrible customer services"
,Recommended,493340,28657438,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lugia,pretty good
76561198020061300,Recommended,493340,26727426,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Exige,Crashes more than a Bethesda game. 10/10
,Not Recommended,493340,34086136,Posted: 7 August,all,Will,Nice looking game but controlls and building mechanics are horrible.
76561198354710790,Not Recommended,493340,28989947,Posted: 3 January,all,dtennien,"kept crashing, never really got to play it."
,Recommended,493340,26734179,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Mint Egg,"Yes! Just, YES!It's amazing!"
76561197971598382,Recommended,493340,28595523,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Left Clompton,Why are you wasting your time here reading reviews instead of playing this amazing gem of a game.
76561198088813752,Recommended,493340,30982462,Posted: 6 April,all,Smash,It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic
,Not Recommended,493340,34841883,Posted: 9 September,all,sk0wie,"Planet Coaster is the best coaster park simulation to date. If you ever enjoyed Rollercoaster Tycoon or other simulations like Cities: Skylines then you'll enjoy Planet Coaster, too.The only and the biggest reason why I do not recommend it is optimization.The recommended specs are quite high for what it is. Playing this on good mid-range PC (overclocked Ryzen 7 and a GTX 1060 6GB) with a medium sized coaster park  is hardly enjoyable because of FPS dipping down to around 20."
,Not Recommended,493340,27811629,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Comez^,"I was really looking forward to this game, unfortenatly the game just doesn't get to me. I was looking for a game that replaces my old favorite: Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 or 2. Maybe my expectations were to high or it is just another game, but the game focus to much on decorations and not enough on management and building your own rides.However if you are looking for a great looking game that lets you decorate your own park in every aspect, get this game you won't regret it. When you are looking for a Rollercoaster Tycoon 1 or 2 replacement, you can better get Parkitect."
76561198398099810,Not Recommended,493340,35218925,Posted: 26 September,all,dhanayus.haworth,does not even launch anymore!!!!!!!!!
76561198070416527,Not Recommended,493340,29050742,Posted: 5 January,all,SeargentMouse,"I have put 54+ hours into this gamei n less than a week so please take that into consideration when reading My review.So first off I have to state that the optimisation in this game is non-exisent and needs to be fixed immediately, ther majority of the issue I think comes from the amount of people in the park that stay loaded in at once.Another major issue I have is the management, the game forces you to deal with each ""employee"" individually with no way to handle multiple at once. You have to increase each individuals salary by hand in increments with every single employee in your park, it is really time consuming, tedious, and boring. They need to come up with a way to manage your employees globally by type.Rollercaoster building, other than a few bugs/tweaks that need to be made it's very good, track manipulation is excellent. however the ride ratings system need to be re-worked.   I have had coasters that have scored 7-9 excitement rating and relatively low fear and nausia throughout the track but it will spike way up to a huge number for nausia /fear even though, the average throughout the track for each would be like 3-5 and 2-6 for fear and nausia. The ratings after it finishs for fear/nausia will be around 8-12 which is absurd, and neither rating ever came close to reaching that final number.If they fixed the ratings system, and the management side of this game it would be amazing, and for optimisation reason's I cannot recommend this game at the moment, I am running an 29 290x with a 4.5% overclock and an intel 4790 CPU with 16gb of ram, A computer like mine should have no issues running this game but it does.If you have a lower end computer do not buy this game."
,Recommended,493340,26652102,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Gman,"Planet Coaster is, by far, one of the best theme park tycoon games that I have ever played. The sheer customizability of this game is incredible, you have total control of every coaster, shop, and rock within your parks, it goes as far as letting you put specific ingredients on your burgers. I am amazed at how much detail you can put in your parks, it is really unlike any other game that I have seen. One of the things that I like most about his game is the art style, the cartoon look of it all is truly incredible and can make for some really nice looking parks. While I play this game, I really enjoy making my parks look nice, and even just the small details seem to make a difference. It is really nice to see your park function, see everyone riding coasters, buying things, and everyone having different opinions about your park is just really something that you don't see if any other game. Overall game is fantastic and is definitely one of my new favorite games.10/10 would ride the coasters again"
76561197993209451,Recommended,493340,26692532,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Shazbot,"10/10 would fap again on coaster.,"
,Recommended,493340,33067802,Posted: 30 June,all,✪ mercedes-AMG,great game
,Not Recommended,493340,28298353,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Harrk,"If you're a player who regularly goes without Internet access, I cannot recommend this game. Personally I love the game, but this Denuvo DRM is really spoiling it for me. The devs have specified it only needs to connect to the internet the first time you run the game, though for me this has not been the case and it has bitten me in the♥♥♥♥♥♥multiple times."
,Recommended,493340,26670390,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Nielsen,Just AMAZING!!!! Buy it!
,Recommended,493340,28161529,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ricamp,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNWrZXkYD6w
,Recommended,493340,28477153,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,[IG] GhostCrusaderX,THIS GAME BEATS HARAMBE!!! BOO-YAH. LOVE THE THEME AND IMPROVEMENTS THAT HAVE BEEN MADE OVER THE PAST FEW YEARS.
,Recommended,493340,33178252,Posted: 3 July,all,not a meat boy,The true successor to RCT3.
,Recommended,493340,28174158,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,atmorrow87,"7pmGirlfriend: ""Hey will you do the dinner dishes?""Me: ""Yeah i do them in a minute. I just want to finish this roller coaster.""8pmGirlfriend: ""Are you going to do those dishes?""Me: ""Yeah i said i'll do them in a minute. I'm almost finished building the station building.""9pmGirlfriend: ""When are you going to do the dishes?""Me: ""I said in a minute like 5 minutes ago.""10pmMe:(finishes scenery around coaster) ""Holy crap its 10 o'clock! I gotta get to bed.""Me: (goes to bed without doing the dishes)"
76561198161241880,Recommended,493340,30481210,Posted: 12 March,all,Alec,Issa Creative
,Recommended,493340,26686023,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,saz,Great game.BUY IT.
,Recommended,493340,28304355,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Zuffy,"Much fun, such wow"
,Not Recommended,493340,27716664,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RickelodeonTV,It won't stop crashing to desktop
76561198306011018,Recommended,493340,28539699,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The Hunters mans,i cant get on because i have to have a 3d thing.      i was frustrated so much i creid.       :(
76561198347957643,Recommended,493340,31983864,Posted: 26 May,all,WillyBoyGaming21,I love this game so much I recommend this game for others becuse you can show how good you are at games like this and have fun.
,Recommended,493340,28232280,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,goanna67,you can slap all star on to a rollercoaster and it plays on the trainshrek/shrek would shrek again
76561198054377865,Recommended,493340,35169078,Posted: 23 September,all,kjb7204274000,This should be in every person's Steam library.  Just sayn'.
,Not Recommended,493340,28881274,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Apop,I tried to refund this product because of the buggy experience I had but had played too long (left it running to simulate out more time). Big disappointment.Super clever marketing campaign to pit it up against the name brand competitor and make a big push on Reddit. Had me convinced. Had me telling people about it.The times I could play were enjoyable but my saves continually bugged out where park-goers all became stuck in the exact same location and wouldn't path anywhere. Major bummer. Made it impossible to leave and come back.Maybe this problem has been fixed now but I have lost interest. Had I bought a physical copy I could have returned it to someplace like Amazon. Note to self.Bottom Line: Unfinished product that doesn't live up to the hype.
,Recommended,493340,28578029,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Skeetz,its distinclty meh
,Recommended,493340,31170497,Posted: 15 April,all,UK47,Worth every penny!
76561198343519532,Recommended,493340,32655554,Posted: 22 June,all,Ur Dad,AMAZIING
76561198015271039,Recommended,493340,29992476,Posted: 17 February,all,Barbarossa Bey,"I played a bit and I loved it; especially the graphics  & music.I still need to explore more in depth, but it is definately a milestone compared to all other coaster games."
,Recommended,493340,28537401,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,tyrone,It's fun
76561198293516129,Recommended,493340,28691664,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ForBlue_S,"I wish there was a meh option, because this product is way to over priced for what it is, sure I ee arguments saying its better quality but doe that really make a difference? I could play a game exactly like this for free on a platform I use, but its a good game, so I mean it does what its supposed to."
76561198210405433,Recommended,493340,28726776,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Astro-Nautical,So you want to go to Disney Land? (:  TO BAD YOUR MOM SAID NO! now what will you do?!?!?!? Do you think she will change her mind?!?!?!? Do you think your dad could take you?!?!?!?!? What will you tell your freinds?!?!?!?!? WELLLLLL YOU SHOULD MAKE YOUR PARENTS GET THIS GAME SO YOU CAN BUILD YOUR   O W N   T H E M E   P A R K
76561198010308196,Not Recommended,493340,28807265,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,fathorse,"It's a great advancement to the genre BUT.......it feels so incomplete. No chair lifts, very few water rides, not even classic flat rides like the Scrambler. If you ever wondered what RCT would look like if it was smooth, beautiful, and had 1/4 the rides, this is your game. As of now, I wouldn't recommend. Maybe with a few more updates I'll change that."
76561198301597024,Not Recommended,493340,28778905,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gamerlife5,if you like games that crash your computer this is the game for you... i have a good gaming desktop thats not even a year old  yet and this game still crashes on me. some of the time ill be building and have so much done and then the next moment the game ♥♥♥♥s me over and crashes i lose everything i made. it may be fine at first but after a while of playing and placing some things the game will crash it doesnt lag. just straight crash i wouldnt recommend this game unless you have a computer over $1000 and even then it might still crash.
,Recommended,493340,28736410,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,L0G1STX  aka MAGA Man,"This game is just.... it's just perfect... Anything that you can possibly complain about can easily be fixed using a mod or a future update or by simply playing smarter. This is the kind of game that only gets better. It's up there with Cities: Skylines and Prison Architect, probably better than both. Its the new classic replacing the original Roller Coaster tycoon. You really can do anything. It takes practice and some patience but you can DO ANYTHING. You can even easily replace the games music, without ""modding"" anything, the devs made it easy. And I don't just mean the game soundtrack I mean the ride music too. Animations are easy to swap out too, if you know how to animate and render. This is the modders wet dream."
76561198312390385,Not Recommended,493340,29419396,Posted: 22 January,all,tekrunner,"Very substandard game. If you haven't played a theme park sim before - do not start with this one. Graphics are good, but game mechanics are atrocious."
76561198085157769,Recommended,493340,32092666,Posted: 31 May,all,JesseAsher,BUY THIS GAME.that is all.
,Recommended,493340,27381343,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,soul eater 205,Really good management game
,Recommended,493340,28778244,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ralph Nader,good game
76561198359318976,Recommended,493340,31963938,Posted: 25 May,all,HI am henry,i did not like the game so can i return it ?
76561198011764369,Recommended,493340,33296954,Posted: 5 July,all,Colonel Angus,10/10
,Not Recommended,493340,26678685,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Mr BOG COCK,"holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is amazing its like city skylines but a theme park and alot more stuffedit: after playing 7 hours ive changed my mind, its an amazing game but doesnt seem that well optimized as i struggle to get 30fps on low with an i5 4670k, gtx 970 and 16gbs of ram and my park isnt that big really.i will change my review when it gets patched or updated to improve this,"
76561198021976906,Not Recommended,493340,27351914,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Falcon1772,"Could be really fun but is very hindered by user interface and controls. VERY difficult to use. Nothing flows very well. From camera controls to paths, to rotating buldings its all very very frustrating to use.  I really hope they polish this more as the game does look like it could be fun"
,Recommended,493340,26762560,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Justin Hinds & The Dominoes,"all the guests... they blatantly at my park killing time, waiting for the apple store to open.ios/10"
,Recommended,493340,26831585,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Blyatman,Pertty gerd!
,Recommended,493340,26762735,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,parrk,"I have played quite a bit now and ready to leave my opinion. The game is great, most people reviewing are saying the same stuff I would, so I'm not going to say again about how much customization there is an how addicting it is.The campaign/challenge is what I want to talk about. Some people are saying it's super easy and that the management side isn't in the game yet. This is uttery bull, there is just as much management in the game as RCT3 no joke. The campaign is pretty easy, some levels you can do in 30 minutes, some a  few hours, this isn't meant to be a 10+ hour campaign park. The challenges however are not so easy. The hard mode on challenge parks are difficult, especially in the beginning as theres just no room for error really. In fact you kinda need to know what your doing to make it past 1 ride or else you'll just go into debt as hard mode allows NO loans ever, start with very low cash and a couple rides are unlocked.Once your into it and get numerous rides down your going to start making money and profit as you should, I mean you shouldnt have a Six Flags size park and be ""skating"" by on funds. Mid and late game are all very similar to RCT, you can start going in the red and losing lots of visitors and getting them back isn't that easy.Overall I found the hard mode challenge mode a blast to build, customize and manage. This has plenty of entertainment for management as some people are complaining about. I do see why some are saying the campaign is too easy, this is somewhat true, so just knock it out and do a hard mode challenge, trust me you'll find it fulfilling.Also, theres plenty of rides, I'd say 20+ small rides, 7 or so track rides, 15+ different coaster types."
,Recommended,493340,26762896,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,haimaojingai,This game i really like it!! very nice a game. but could you plz give a language of chinese?thx
,Recommended,493340,26648144,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,xKIT - KE$ER,"I loved roller coaster tycoon, but disliked 2 and 3. And i had very high hopes for this game. All i have to say is if you enjoyed the first RCT game, BUY THIS NOW. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing incredible, it blew my mind in the first few seconds."
,Recommended,493340,33013775,Posted: 29 June,all,noodle bop,good game
76561198202106220,Recommended,493340,33448476,Posted: 10 July,all,kegaanthecat,Amazing game get it.
,Not Recommended,493340,26665105,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Paul Atreides,"The optimization alone makes this game unbearable. On top of the fact that its never been fixed, negative review."
,Not Recommended,493340,29018513,Posted: 4 January,all,s4ndm4n2006,"To be honest, I'm not happy with the review system on Steam simply for the fact that i neither want to wholeheartedly recommend this game nor write it off as a failure either  and Steam does not allow anything but a yes or no on recommendations.  So please read this review if you want to find out the cons and pros instead of just looking at the thumbs up or downThe first thing is this game has some serious potential to fulfill that need that I have had for years waiting for a successor to the amazing title that was RCT.  That it's made by the developers that created RCT3 says a lot.  Truth is, they knew what they were doing when creating this title and it shows.The amount of custom design you can create is potentially a great thing, the flexibility in using the different ""parts"", i.e., props, building sections etc, is mind boggling but that, unfortunately is botched up a bit by the building mechanics which I will get into a bit more.  Everything I say here, I realize with ingenuity of the builder, can be overcome but that will take a lot of commitment and dedication on the part of the player.   The sky is the limit for those that have the creativity, dedication and  a helluva lot of patience.I have tried time and again, and continue to try and get the dream park I want to build.  I have watched amazing builders show their work in progress on youtube and have tried to mimic their methods.   This is where the frustration comes in and where patience is clearly something you will need to have in building your theme park.3d building:  Many times, the centering of the 3d gizmo is set somewhere that makes very little sense.  When you expect it to be centered in  the middle of the part or the collection (group) of parts, it sets it off in the world somewhere making your rotation do things that is not what you want.  Instead of rotating on the axis at the center of the selected part or group of parts it  somewhere else and many times, I am left scratching my head as to how the game figured out where to place the center.   yes, it's that far off sometimes.  Again, you can work with it this way but it takes much more movement via translation after rotation to get the part in place, which adds to the tedium and time it takes to get things just right.The second problem is where the camera will  shoot off into space when you try to zoom one click.  I find myself time and again having to move my view back to my build having been launched into somewhere far off by the camera.  Looking at forums and such I have tried using all settings in the game in relation to the camera modes but I cannot get this problem to go away.  It's frustrating and another thing that adds to the tedium and time it takes to get anything built.I have hope that Frontier will update the game and fix these problems but until then I can only say that this game has a partial positive review from me.It is a game that a lot of people have and will love and can really be a great one but only with a bit of work in fixing some of the apparent problems."
,Not Recommended,493340,29020327,Posted: 4 January,all,Señor Maracas,"ive had no audio in my game for over a month now, after contacting support over a month ago i still have no audio in my game for a month now.."
76561198120297055,Not Recommended,493340,29096792,Posted: 7 January,all,Electra Heart,"I usually don't post game reviews, but I felt now was the time to give my honest opinion about Planet Coaster. I was looking forward to this game, I've wanted it ever since it was announced; I just now got around to buying it today. I was hesitant to buy it, as I have seen some negative reviews about crashing and other problems. I thought to myself that my computer would surely run the game fine, as I have little to no problems with other games. I have owned and played Planet Coaster for not even an hour and it's crashed about 4 times.I have my graphics settings on the lowest setting, and I can place paths and coasters just fine; I don't even have low fps, and the game runs smoothly. The problem is when I move my camera around too much, it crashes. The first time I opened the game, all I did was scroll around the globe screen and it crashed. Another time, all I did was click the settings button and it crashed.I don't have a top-of-the-line computer, but it runs other games well enough for me. I am greatly disappointed, as I wanted to play this game for hours on end and create the perfect theme park that I've always wanted, but with this ongoing crashing problem that many others have also experienced, it is simply unplayable since I cannot even save the game without it crashing.The graphics, from the short amount of time I've seen them, are beautiful. I love all the coaster models, as I am a coaster enthusiast myself, and I love the building system. I just wish I could use them! I am sad to say that I am disappointed and that I don't recommend this game because of the problems I am having with it. From the playthroughs I have watched from other players, the game looks absolutely incredible, but for me, I just cannot play it, or recommend it right now. I will continue to try to run the game, but frequent crashes frustrate me. I will try to find a fix to this problem, because I don't want to buy a game and then not play it."
76561198334309160,Recommended,493340,34284266,Posted: 16 August,all,XplosiveGamer,"I give this game a 10/10 this game gives you a variety of many coasters and flatrides. I LOVE THIS GAME!!! It can get boring after a while when you lose inspiration but when that inspiration comes, you are on it for hours at a time. So far, this is THE BEST game out there..... except for Call of Duty and GTAV. this game makes me say ""RCT WORLD WHAT?"" If you have the money, Buy it. (I apologize if I'm a broken record) In my opinion, this is the best tycoon game EVAH!"
,Recommended,493340,26647830,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,shockslayer84,"An absolute joy!  Started playing the game last night and just couldn't put it down.  It brought back a rush of memories from my days playing the RCT games as a kid.  It's very and easy to pick up on and you will have a blast playing it, highly recommend it!"
76561198136377530,Recommended,493340,35168437,Posted: 23 September,all,champion1057,"Really good game.When you start a new game, it will be slower than you think, but as you progress and start to get some money, you'll enjoy every second off it.Thank you Paradox!"
76561198045696082,Recommended,493340,35214074,Posted: 25 September,all,Vampire Fox,"I wanted to play Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, then I found this gem. This game far surpasses RCT3, and to top it, a year after release- the game is still recieving free updates and DLC."
76561198278011984,Recommended,493340,35166891,Posted: 23 September,all,jonaht430,is good game just suppor the geforce gt 730 graphics card is a good one but lags
76561198069419870,Recommended,493340,33049090,Posted: 30 June,all,gamelord,this game i love it
,Recommended,493340,33643291,Posted: 18 July,all,Lifndor,gud
,Recommended,493340,26646013,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Botten,ok
,Recommended,493340,26646240,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,bencan,Brilliant.
,Not Recommended,493340,28878818,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,☜ UncleNiko ☞,"I did enjoy this game for about an hour and a half, but the price was a bit too much for the kind of game this is, and the amount of entertainment it provides.As a fan of the earlier RCT games made by this developer, I feel that this game lacks the same level of completion in its current stage, and requires not only more content (which will likely be released as DLC in the future) but in some cases a rework. While I like the idea, the recently improved system of customer ride opinions has made it more difficult to turn a profit on most rides.The graphics were great, the theming was enjoyable, and I will likely get this game again in the future if it receives a better discount, but as for now, I would not recommend purchasing this game."
76561198296542238,Not Recommended,493340,35301549,Posted: 29 September,all,minigun gaming,it gliches so you can not play it DO NOT BUY
76561198013846412,Recommended,493340,35074809,Posted: 19 September,all,GENERAL969,1000X like this game only downside to it is the smallish size of the sandbox mode maps othetr than that this game is perfect for people who are very detail oriented when it comes to their theme parks.
76561198154086428,Recommended,493340,35227303,Posted: 26 September,all,hobbledehoy,just awesome man
76561197970063330,Recommended,493340,35081583,Posted: 20 September,all,MysticalQ,"I didn't play the single player and I only bought it to do the Sandbox mode to be creative without limits.I must say that the game is super awesome if it comes to scenery and everything that comes around with that.Like I said I haven't played the management part yet, but that's not why I bought the game.Only downside is that it's really heavy on resources. I have a fairly good laptop, but on everything low I get extreme FPS drops on effects and full parks"
,Recommended,493340,33201034,Posted: 3 July,all,M7war,روعة اللعبة
76561198201958575,Recommended,493340,33199853,Posted: 3 July,all,vaporub91,I like the game but I don't have a pc and it doesn't work well with a laptop so I got a refund
,Recommended,493340,26671970,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,kyeroh,pretty gud
76561198127024656,Recommended,493340,26706206,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Tenno,"I simply cannot get the pirate song from the Whirly Rig out of my head. I was building a caoster next to the Whirly Rig for 2 hours and it was always on in the background. This is from memory. Please indulge me.""Bicaempta harly grone,Isa tup a famry man,butta mut la me rah la,and a rule a la ciga,and a cirna perma gaa,and a happy tentical,and broos a burly men,and bar me men and oooocean!""Kill me. And buy this game now."
,Recommended,493340,30693828,Posted: 23 March,all,JoshODonnell23,great  one of the best
,Recommended,493340,32259381,Posted: 7 June,all,burnt toast,"This game is amazing.  Active developers who are extremely generous with free updates that they could easily charge money for, as well as a ton of content.  It is simple enough for anyone to make a park or a ride, yet complex enough to cater to those who prefer more detail.  It is the true succesor to RCT3, and I cannot wait to see where this game will go!  Overall, if you enjoyed RCT3, or enjoy theme park games in general, buy this game!  Go, Frontier."
,Recommended,493340,32339914,Posted: 11 June,all,yum3,Addictive and fun :)
,Not Recommended,493340,26678607,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Cytokinesis,"The only reason I do not recommend this game is if you are more into the management aspect of these games. The creative and building part is phenomenal if that is what you are looking for then you should get the game. The management aspect needs a SEVERE rebalancing and almost complete re-working to make it even an aspect of the game that you need to pay attention to. It's way too easy to make money and it's way too easy to please guests. That being said, if you just want to construct cool looking rollercoasters and theme parks then GET THIS GAME.More on the management: the challenge mode is only initially challenging. As soon as you get a couple rides the game might as well be sandbox mode because of how little you have to ""manage"" the park. Hundreds of people will stop by to visit your crappy park as soon as you plop down your first couple attractions. There is very little customization into what you actually do with the burgers and drink shops. You can make them lool different, but basically your park will end up with 200 Chief Beefs and 300 Milkshake shops of varying architecture. Research seems pointless since money isn't an issue, you basically just wait. If money was actually hard to come by then research might actually have a purpose because you'd have to choose whether (and what) you want to research. As is you just research whatever all the time because it's almost impossible to go broke.Aside from the management issues the UI leaves a lot to be desired and the game has the strangest system of putting down pathways and queues. Why can't they use click and drag? I understand it's probably a remnant from the coaster construction system just ported to make walkways instead, but it's so weird having to choose your length, with, angle, etc with a series of sliders and menus rather than, you know, just placing it down. I understand it gives more customizability (which is king in this game, very commendable) but I don't see why it has to be a system of sliders and menus rather than a couple keystrokes."
,Not Recommended,493340,33115528,Posted: 1 July,all,F117Landers,Game appears to be interesting; actually building parks is hampered by unintuitive controls and lack of a proper tutorial.
76561197988123070,Not Recommended,493340,29556249,Posted: 28 January,all,karan_vibgyor,This game is at best decent. Really need to imporve the career mode. Also the park management severly lacks in this game. A little disappointed and awaiting these fixes in the upcoming patch. Also need better peep reviews on happiness other than ques being full.
,Not Recommended,493340,28251200,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Jimmy NoShoes,"I played this for around an hour before opting for a refund. The game itself is good, or at least, has the foundations in place to be something special. It just lacks in some areas, and to me, feels like it is missing some very basic things. Like everyone says, where are the go karts?It feels like a rollercoaster sim, which I guess to a degree it is, but we are here to make theme parks. Only, we kind of have a lack of buildings and styles to use. I believe new stuff is coming in content patches later on... or DLC. Hopefully not as DLC.The main reason I uninstalled and refunded this game, is not because of the lack of features, but because of Denuvo. I cannot, and will not support a game that punishes its legitimate buyers with this DRM. Perhaps if/when it gets patched out in the future (if someone cracks it I guess), then I will repurchase.I wish steam would provide a 'neutral' review setting. To a degree, I do recommend this game, it has the potential to be alot of fun, despite a huge learning curve and little documentation on anything, and of course certain aspects of the game missing, and park management being rather.... lacking. That being said, I don't recommend it due to intrusive DRM that is entirely unneccessary.EDIT: I have repurchased and will re-evaluate the game now that it has recieved multiple updates that are aimed to address a few of the above issues. Still cannot recommend due to intrusive DRM.EDIT 2:After repurchasing, I loaded the game to be welcomed by it hanging my entire system for 2 mins (no ctrl,alt,del, alt tab, lcd keyboard no longer responds etc). Once in the game, I clicked on the tuturial videos section. Big mistake. 4 Minutes of hanging later, it dumps back to the main menu. Click on one of the campaign areas. Another 3 minute hang.Whether this is due to Denuvo or not is unknown, but the developer has not been any help in this issue.Refunded again."
76561198016519128,Not Recommended,493340,34644797,Posted: 31 August,all,0x90,"Cracked twice, but denuvo still implemented. Every thread about it gets deleted without any comment. Nice way to treat loyal customers."
76561198011589950,Not Recommended,493340,33658885,Posted: 19 July,all,[TeamAmnesia] Alexander,"The game its self is amazing and what little bit i have played ive loved. However i cannot give this game a thumbs up as there is a bug that has been present since its release where the old Logitech G15 keyboards cause a hang on load up, renders the steam overlay/workshop useless as just crashes game or hangs then never loads. There forums have died and no one bothers to update on this error so untill its fixed thumbs down for me"
76561197970617010,Not Recommended,493340,27222164,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Geez3r,"I loved Planet Coaster the first time I started it up and began playing.  It looks great.  All the shiny, happy people and stuff.  All of the great stuff on the Steam Workshop I could pretty much effortlessly download into my game.  Three different modes of play.  It looks great.  I began building my own custom buildings.  ""Huh, that's odd.  Everytime I switch between building or scenery items, or adjust the position of an item I've placed, the search filters that help me root through the piles of stuff get reset.""  So I set my filters again.  And again.  I'm now setting filters in my sleep while the screams fill my head.If you're going to buy Planet Coaster, get ready to say, ""Huh, that's odd"" a lot.  Get ready to say, ""Why wasn't this caught and addressed during Planet Coaster's lenghly Alpha and short Beta?""  If you played the Roller Coaster Tycoon series, get ready to say, ""Why is this game mechanic completely missing from Planet Coaster?""  I'm not talking about rides or themes.  I'm talking about the ability to know if strawberry shakes are outselling chocolate shakes.But dang, it looks great.  Planet Coaster is a facade.  It's a Potemkin game.  Extraordinarily shiny on the surface, but as you delve deeper into the game, you realize just how little there actually is here.  If you're the kind of person who is content creating for the sake of creating, you probably will love this game.  If you're the kind of person who wants a theme park simulator whose management depth and complexity inspires creative solutions, then do not buy Planet Coaster at this time.  Since I'm not recommending Planet Coaster, you know which camp I fall into.Hopefully Frontier and the community will address the existing issues and fold in some interesting park management.  That's in the future, and hopefully one that gets realized.  In the here and now, I can't recommend it.  I'm hoping that some day I will be able to."
76561198062385189,Recommended,493340,26686036,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Melk sHLRRRUP,> Launch Game> Computer starts to make wrrrring noise> Open Task manager> CPU usage 100%> ohshit.jpeg> Computer crashes> Overclocks CPU> Launch Game> CPU usage 99%5/7 would recommend
,Not Recommended,493340,31892961,Posted: 21 May,all,Dr. Simmons -MOOSE-,"Not my jam. Big fan of the older RCT franchise, but this feels hollow by comparison. Best for those who would enjoy meticulously fiddling with every detail of a shop or ride, but not really fun for me."
,Recommended,493340,26664073,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dayemon,Fat Shaming is alive and well in this game! Love it! Retreat to your safe spaces everyone!
76561198007642241,Not Recommended,493340,34147037,Posted: 10 August,all,BruceFlea,"Sadly, I can't recommend this game in it's current state. There are plenty of reviews here highlighting what is great about this game and I agree however there is at least one game breaking bugs that effects many users that the Devs can't/won't fix weeks after reporting it to them.It all started after a ""patch/update"" weeks back, the staff in your park are all reporting 'low workload' despite them being busy with work. It happens with old saves and new parks on both my desktop and laptop.If they ever fix this I will change my review but as it stands, I can't recommend the game as it's a game breaking bug that has yet to even be acknowledged by the devs despite me reporting it on the forums and many other users confirming the same is happening to them."
,Not Recommended,493340,27847985,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Superpig,"This is what an Early Access game SHOULD be like. Alas, it is not an Early Access game...There's a huge amount of potential here. The Frontier team clearly looked at the limitations of what people were trying to build in RCT3, looked at what the mod community was enabling, and took that into account. The rules for working with the pieces mean there is a massive potential for creating rich and interesting parks... the other reviews from people who've spent 4 hours creating an individual toilet block should tell you that.However, actually unlocking this potential is made frustrating and difficult by an unpolished, poorly thought out interface. There's just a ton of small bad decisions that come together to make the whole thing feel painful to use.For example: suppose you're placing down props, and you mis-click and get one in the wrong place (easy to do in 3D). You can't just right-click the thing you placed to get rid of it - no, that causes you to exit 'placement mode'. You have to do that, then click to select the prop that you put in the wrong place, then click Demolish, *then* remember exactly which prop it was you were placing before, then click that in the palette to activate it again. It turns mis-placing an object from 'oops' into 'oh ffs.'Another example: trying to build a raised queue around the outside of a ride, and just getting the message 'obstructed.' It's because the ride needs clearance space, but good luck figuring that out. Making the message say ""Obstructed by ride"" or similar doesn't seem like it would be that difficult to implement...These might seem like small things, and can just be fixed in an update - and they will, I hope - but the overall feeling is that the design team did not do enough playtesting to see what players will actually try to do with this stuff before release. If you're OK with being the playtest group now, go for it, but if you'd rather wait until the game is actually a pleasant experience then I would hold off for now."
76561198111483950,Recommended,493340,33153358,Posted: 2 July,all,TheFoxPlayer,Buy it! :D
76561198117145439,Not Recommended,493340,29448170,Posted: 23 January,all,Official| The White Hatted Gamer,dont u love it when u buy a game that u've been waiting for for ages and it doesnt work at all?
76561198070167617,Not Recommended,493340,33623176,Posted: 17 July,all,NikitaStag,"I really wanted to like this game, but I didn't even get past the pathing part of it. There is basically no grid lock. There's an angle lock that /kind of/ works, but everything still looks uneven and dosen't connect properly. Buildings don't snap to the paths, they slide around. you want anything centered or symmetrical? forget about it. Couldn't get a trail to split on a 45 degree angle without the fork being uneven. If you can look past it, I'm sure its a great game. I wasn't willing to go past the refund period to find out."
76561197970829683,Not Recommended,493340,29475004,Posted: 24 January,all,69Cents,"Although Planet Coaster looks superb (for an amusement park game). This game also seems broken. Even with a top of the line system there is alot of lag once you get a big coaster built and a few other rides. Add another small coaster or two and its almost unplayable. For now I will stick to Parkitect if I ever get an itch again to be an amusement park video game god in the new future. Parkitect is much less system demanding, seems to work well, and is a good modern upgrade to the RCT series type games. Save your money on Planet Coaster until they fix it. If they do it will be worth another look and review."
76561198289040678,Recommended,493340,28613418,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,kmmdmkl,we need chinese!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,493340,27873358,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,POTATOSALAD,"I really lookred forward too this game, and actually it's pretty good and it's probably the best coaster building game out there.. I just think it's a confusing game and i just can't enjoy the game, i don't really know why. :("
,Recommended,493340,27383007,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ʙurdman❼⓪❼,I just needed to write a review for the Steam Awards badge.
76561197967658431,Not Recommended,493340,28775295,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,im a gibson,"This game is like microsoft paint rollercoaster edition, you can really make some nice looking stuff. However tags like management and strategy should be removed. You're really just making a 3d animation rather than using any effciency logic or strategy."
76561198380211761,Not Recommended,493340,33680421,Posted: 20 July,all,rocket fly il,"It was hard for me to move, and I was a bit bored about it. I ask for a refund, but in the opinion of others it may have been fun for them but not for me"
,Not Recommended,493340,29120531,Posted: 8 January,all,Hannibal Rektr,All you have to do is to replace old rollercoaster (>6months = old and ugly) with new one....all the time longcan not recommend
76561198007345506,Not Recommended,493340,29431008,Posted: 22 January,all,Zerthimon,I regret buying this game.I bought it because I was hoping for Bullfrog's Theme Park. This game does not offer the park management challenges of the game that came out 23 years ago. I miss the quirky supplier negotiations and the vomiting kids.If you like spending your time decorating and preening over your park in sandbox mode - this is for you. Otherwise.. this was fun for me in the first 4 hours only.It is a fine sandbox.. but it lacks character and depth as a game..
76561198074257899,Recommended,493340,33206128,Posted: 3 July,all,G[B]H.aabret,The best Theme park hands down
,Recommended,493340,28600746,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Blauwy,6 Hours to make a Toilet xD This is amazing!
76561198030849894,Not Recommended,493340,27563026,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,gonzo210,havent got to play the game as all it does is crash
,Recommended,493340,33079984,Posted: 1 July,all,Wouter Banaan,"I saw it, I bought it."
,Not Recommended,493340,27517421,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LЄЄRØϒ ︻芫═─── ۞,"The management aspect of the game is very basic. I am a min/maxer and love managing and earning $ on hardcore difficulties. There is not a single challenge in earning profits, it is way too easy and has very few to offer.This is a great rollercoaster sandbox game and maybe there is a reason that it is not called ""Planet Coaster >Tycoon<""If you love to play on idle mode with fastforward activated and don't want to think about income, this game is for you for the pure joy of designing a park.If you primary like the economic aspect of tycoon management games, do not buy.Even after the first update, to which I found no explicit patchlist, mainly just a contest for highend pc's, there are quite a few bugs in the game:X Very strange AI of visitors:I placed a rollercoaster over my normal park, visitors had to walk 200meter long stairs up to reach it and pay a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to ride it. Thousands just went up there completly flooding the 10meter wide walkways and get stucked, because the place was so crowded, even if the waiting line was already full. I just placed the exact same rollercoaster on the ground, easy to reach, way cheaper, no need to wait, visitors completly ignored it. -.-X The same goes for food/drink stores: Some are completly ignored even when visitors with thirst/hunger walk by.X Souvenir shops are almost completly ignored, even with animators in front of it and nice deco/special effects, thousands of people just walk by. Not worth buying it, because of negative income.X Random crashes after loading a savegame.X After getting all stars in a career mission, you are stuck and have to alt+F4.X Visitors got stuck on stairways because of pathfinding problem. Hundreds of people blocking the same path.X Strange camera movement, sometimes slows down extremly and you have to manually switch to another place to unlock it again.And many more small bugs I can't think of at the moment.It is still a nice sandbox simulation and can be fun to play."
76561198104083575,Not Recommended,493340,29237396,Posted: 13 January,all,zachary592,My game chrashes about 5 minutes after I open it everytime. The gameplay seems awesome and this review would be a recommend if I could just play it. Please fix.
76561198310630050,Recommended,493340,31726697,Posted: 13 May,all,fishfaker,BEST THEME PARK SIMULATOR EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198068005581,Not Recommended,493340,28007559,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,uec397,"EDIT: I have decided that I will not be able to change this review and will not be able to give a thumbs up until they release the full game.  This game has such potential, but is so limited in game play options and content, that is is nothing better than a late stage beta or alpha test version.  It's so very sad what the game industry has become.  Microtransaction and expansion rip off artists and nothing more.  After just over twenty hours of play, it has become mind numbingly boring to play due to lack of features and content.First off, the game is not really bad.  It runs smooth.  The graphics are nice.  Building a coster is fun(as it should be) and is actually quite easy once you get it down.  Shaping terrain and building is easy and enjoyable.  Overall, the game could be quite awesome, but it's not.  That is why I could not recommend it, as it comes up short in so many ways.First, the game is extremely limited in content.  Just once, I would like to get a full game without having to pay $10-$20 each for 5, 10, 20 expansions.Second, it is very limited on gameplay options.  The fact that you cannot create your own park and not have unlimited money and you get less control over management of a park than a game created over ten years ago is ludicrous.Third, Parks are very small and options for scenery (which is absolutely needed to keep customers happy) is very limited as well.There are many other little problems I have with this game, but those are the biggest concerns.  Thankfully, I have not run into any bugs or glitches which is extremely uncommon in a new game these days, but it feels as if they set a short goal for the game, relied upon hype to get you to buy it, and then gave you half the content and gameplay you were expecting which sadly is the norm in modern game creation.I will gladly change my recommendation for this game if they fix the very limited gameplay and add a lot of content for a very low cost when the inevitable 'expansions' come out, but for now, it's just lacking and to be quite honest, very boring after only a couple of days.*EDIT*Each consecutive update actually breaks the game a little more.  More and more people are now experiencing performance issues, such as crashing, very low frame rates, can only use small parks or small parts of the larger parks if they want the game to run decent, so unfortunately, this game will never get a thumbs up.  I give it a 3.0 out of 10 and the developers a 1.0 for making claims that they did not follow through on.  It is now officially a dead genre."
,Not Recommended,493340,29142316,Posted: 9 January,all,addchild314,"Controls are unintuitive, construction is awful, and basically everything about this game is stupid and infuriating."
,Recommended,493340,26674201,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,TopMissing,"Good game, just little small issue need to fixHope this game have chinese"
76561198279661754,Recommended,493340,30481548,Posted: 12 March,all,LiamLizard2003,the best game in the world
76561198127451532,Recommended,493340,30400624,Posted: 8 March,all,spikeonaleash,225+mph roller coaster with 20.0 fear rating ! 10/10 would ride again
76561198107283457,Not Recommended,493340,28893193,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MinxyJayne,"This game looks as though it would be great, however it crashes in every single game mode after about 10 minutes!  There is also limited asssitance to get started!"
,Not Recommended,493340,28882450,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Matamanthemaster,"I am mixed about this game, as I did own it for a short time and while it began overwhelming, I decided I loved the mechanics. However, 2 hours in, when I began to build my first coaster, my video froze. Closing down the game could only by done by forcing it to close via task manager, and once I had done this command prompt said it wasn't running and could not taskkill it, yet task manager could see the process running, could not close it, and steam also saw it running. I could only restart by rebooting. I would reccomend it if it would work for me, which it just does not."
76561198134205495,Not Recommended,493340,28791682,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,gregoryyallup,very good game i enjoy it BUT ALWAYS SEEMS TO CRASH AT THE WORST TIME and im sure i hAVE all the updates
,Not Recommended,493340,29448499,Posted: 23 January,all,Foxx,"Gets boring at times, NOT recommended to play 24/7"
76561198170087939,Recommended,493340,33139819,Posted: 2 July,all,United States,gud
76561198039636542,Not Recommended,493340,29302080,Posted: 16 January,all,sandorracz0,El sem indul. :(Crash immediately at start.
,Not Recommended,493340,29016834,Posted: 4 January,all,Trump's Lady Lumps,Camera is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to use. Rollercoasters are too hard to make. Too difficult.
76561198105507937,Not Recommended,493340,29170310,Posted: 10 January,all,MechsonPlays,"If there was a middle button between recommend and don't remcommend, that is what I would say.Pros:-graphics are great-lots of knew whays to build you park-great custimization to the little details-lives up to what RCTW should of beenCons:-path system is terrible-building system is glitchy-the park managment is way to complex-has to manage EVERYTHING-needs more rides-frequent lack spikes"
,Recommended,493340,33062831,Posted: 30 June,all,Kathel,almost like roller coaster tycoon... but better! i really enjoy it
76561198011228523,Not Recommended,493340,28686549,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Squintly,"I was warned that the management side of this game wasn't really up to snuff, but I figured the park building would make up for that. Then, the very first thing I tried to do (make a building that wasn't square) turned out to be impossible. Combined with terrain tools inexplicably limited to the type of map you're on, making it impossible to have multiple themes in one park, terrible camera controls, bad management, unbelievably easy scenarios and the absolutely nuclear heat coming off my computer when the game was open (even in the menues), this made for a disappointing Christmas morning."
76561198159916807,Recommended,493340,28681424,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,reillysaun,The camera controls are awful TBH
76561198288477765,Not Recommended,493340,29283985,Posted: 15 January,all,davisvaughn91,Constant crashing cant even play game.
76561198116941375,Recommended,493340,26697726,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ryan Bridges,.
,Recommended,493340,33260964,Posted: 4 July,all,Barry Obama,"If you're uncreative like me, you can just download talented peoples things and show them to your friends and act like you did everything.11/10 would plagiarize again."
,Not Recommended,493340,29045186,Posted: 5 January,all,ThronedCloth,"Well this is not a bad game so to say, but i was hoping for more. I played and tryed to give it a chance but i could not get into it. I also had played more than 2 hours so i was not able to refund this game. But as i said its not a bad game, its just not for me."
,Recommended,493340,35224996,Posted: 26 September,all,Devalion,VERY GOOOD!!!!!
76561198075325724,Recommended,493340,34538242,Posted: 27 August,all,MisterOldVegas,yeah it's okay
,Recommended,493340,26651538,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,The Nameless King,"Just buy it, this is how rollercoaster tycoon should be done!"
,Not Recommended,493340,32109796,Posted: 1 June,all,Stab Master Arson,"Was recently without the internet for a few days, and Denuvo made it so I was completely unable to play Planet Coaster without paying some Russian to crack it over Teamviewer.It's like Theme Park but with zero management. You can make nice looking parks tho."
76561198057581726,Not Recommended,493340,31303490,Posted: 22 April,all,Rct. Smith [2RB],"I loved this game for the first couple hours but as the game progressed, several bugs became apparent. By far the worst is the optimization of the game. I noticed problems at 1000 guests but it didnt make me turn down the settings. at 1500 I turned everything down to medium but by the time I hit 2000 the game chugged at 20 fps. I turned settings down to low (removes everything that makes this game look nice) and I still did not get any difference in frame rate. This 20 FPS is causing severe UI lag and I just couldnt handle it. For a game that has been out for a year now and hasent fixed this gross optimization issue is a shame. Additionally, the security guards are broken. No matter how many I place and how much training I give them crime is still off the charts. I wouldnt pay any more than $10 for this game. dont make the same mistake as me and just avoid this game."
76561198026275953,Not Recommended,493340,31288802,Posted: 21 April,all,MercyOnlyForCats,"This is  a wonderful game. Very fun, really, I don't have much bad to say about it.So why don't I recommend it? Well, I have an extremly high end system, much above the reccomended specs. Yet, I can't even get 30 fps @ 1080p with the settings turned way down. The game is borderline unplayable. Once they optimize it half decently, I will be happy to reccomend, for what little that's worth."
76561198117391036,Not Recommended,493340,28153957,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,DustBust,"Is it great? yep...Is it what we hoped for? Most definitely...So far there's just a few hang ups with this game I'm just not enjoying or at least decreasing the replayability...Park Management - Feels limited in ways, I understand this game is trying to please a very wide age group.Economy - Its the same with every map, there's this hump you have to get over to get a descent flow of income, like 5-6 rides and drinks/food and your park just starts growing at a decent pace.Mid-Late game - I wish there was more to do here, more customer demands to meet (or over the course that the customer is in your park, their demands shift more), more park management needs as it grows... between paths/path extras and food/drink demand is met, there's not much more to it.Information Booth - Where's my umbrella (rain too) and map sales? lolIf you like building a theme park with no real challenges or economy/management, I'd say go for it, its perfect but for others who want the whole experience of building and managing a park, I'd hold off to see if the updates they add to this game complete this experience or even go that route.This game doesn't deserve a negative review, I would prefer neutral but since this doesn't live up to my liking, I'm going negative for now."
,Not Recommended,493340,33193794,Posted: 3 July,all,ThatSponge™,"So yeah, i know people are going to hate on me for saying this but i do not recommend this game.It is simply overrated and it just lacks content.And i tried my BEST to like it but i just dident seem to be able to.I loved RCT3 and enjoyed every tiny bit of it but this game, it dident hook me to it the same way RCT3 did.And you can hate on me as much as you want, i just put here my opinion."
,Recommended,493340,26645800,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,timvisee [Linux],"10/10, would bowl again."
,Not Recommended,493340,28348710,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Djtrizzle316,game is amazing but crashes everytime i go into the pause menu >:(
76561198285158850,Not Recommended,493340,28408756,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,SpiriT,"This game is a fun tycoon game where you build your own theme parks and manage all aspects of them. From workers and visitors mood levels, to maintenance and depending on how well you make your park look aesthetically will allow you to charge more for rides and services.I've been waiting for a successor to Rollercoaster tycoon for a while and this does the job... Apart from it's horribly optimized and runs heavily on the CPU not the GPU. No idea why they thoat this would be a good idea because even on the lowest settings it runs like utter crap.I would not recommend this game in it's current state."
76561198105539917,Not Recommended,493340,34116235,Posted: 8 August,all,BlondeFox,"The game engine is nice, the tools for decorating are fine, but it is not worth $45. I was expecting the game to expand upon what is already present in other Roller Coaster Tycoon- esque games, but unfortunately you can find the same amound of fun and management in a $6 version on the apple store.Not worth the money, nothing really new."
76561197963633513,Not Recommended,493340,28230289,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Lord $pini$ter,"It seems like a fun game (creatively speaking) but it crashes my computer after 10-30 minutes ingame.  I wouldn't mind it as much if it just crashed the game, but I have to manually restart my computer each time which is very annoying!  I keep seeing new patch notes saying it has fixed the issues people have been encountering but every time I get the same damn problem.  I have not had any other issues with games on this PC; and I have been playing BF1 most recently on high graphic settings.  I have a GTX1070 so the hardware should not be causing me a problem at all.  I can't leave you a good review until this game becomes playable for more than 30 minutes at a time."
,Not Recommended,493340,28347800,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,EinherjarsReturn,Rating: Neutral.Optimization: Horrendous and downright dangerous to your CPU. Be prepared to invest $£€ in a top of the line overclockable CPU with the best fan+heatsink you can get if you want consistent performance and survivable temperatures.Gameplay: Casual but fun with occasional unnecessary busywork that adds no challenge.Graphics: Excellent.Replayability: In theory only limited by your imagination were it not for the poor optimization and performance.
,Not Recommended,493340,28141877,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Hevlush,Why is this game crashing so much? fix it for ♥♥♥♥ sake
76561198167329614,Not Recommended,493340,26743565,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,The Tiny Boy,"My reccomendation: wait for a patch or 2 or 3 (I'll change this if they fix the issues.)When a game glitches on the developer's opening screen, hold your breath, or rather don't.  Beyond that, the in-game controls are clunky and unweildy, the build mechanism is frustratingly buggy and there is very little satisfaction in completing scenarios.Let me be clear, I really want to love this game.  I have fond memories of RCT and RCT2.   And don't get me wrong, the graphics are breathtaking and the customizable nature of EVERYTHING is unfathomable, when it works.  It's a new game, a buggy and glitchy unfortunate norm. I'm excited for the future of the game, but I should have waited for it."
76561198073453011,Not Recommended,493340,28666138,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Silent Hunter,"I hate to say it but unless the developers fix the amount of times this game crashes i can't give this game a positive review. placing buildings, looking at buildings, loading the main menu. I know Frontier is busy with Elite dangerous (recommended by the way) but i wish you could spare time to go bug hunting."
76561198012645958,Not Recommended,493340,28274832,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Jharlax,I like this game. Unfortunalty 3 crashes in 30 minutes. Just to mutch.
76561198167508611,Not Recommended,493340,33356210,Posted: 7 July,all,RedStone Adventure,The game keeps crashing on my desktop
76561198056550470,Not Recommended,493340,28608837,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Comrade Penguin,"If there was a neutral rating i would use that, but there isnt so its a no for me. The user interface seems very cluttered, the path contruction is counter-intuitive, amd overall, i played 53 minutes and requested a refund."
,Not Recommended,493340,33888552,Posted: 29 July,all,ChrisBrackmann,"The game is good, but it is too slow. Even with my GTX 960, the game is incredibly slow. I have to configure the graphics to the ""Very Low"" profile to be playable. The land size is very small too. Many bugs. It crashes very often. Takes a long time to load. Support sucks!"
76561198022293538,Not Recommended,493340,28915785,Posted: 1 January,all,nathanmustoe,"Crash, load, laypath, crash. Oh crash when i tried to create the avatar.Running on a 8gb, i5 processor, desktop PC. Um sure this game os still in BETA."
76561198129584789,Not Recommended,493340,28931483,Posted: 1 January,all,place_unique_name_here,Played this and it seemed like it was going to be fun. I remember having fun playing RCT and the vomiting people. After I got my rides out and concessions set up everything seemed to be going fun. Then the staff would get unhappy and you constantly had to train them to make them happy. They would up and quit. It just got tiring opening places after they closed. Decided to go for a refund.
76561198123285804,Not Recommended,493340,33594961,Posted: 16 July,all,jay_jay_1029,"I loved the game for the short amount of time I bought it. I wish that Steam had the typical star rating system, because honestly, it's not that I wouldn't recommend it. It's that I can't recomment it. It barely ran. Like, the frame rate was so bad, I was pulling my hair out. And that was on a completely empty park. And I have a gaming computer that can easily run Fallout 4 with all the settings turned up. That's a bad, bad sign. The gameplay is amazing, and I wish I could have enjoyed it. But I had to return it very shortly after buying it because it was literally unplayable. That's why I, sadly, cannot recommend this game. I might try it again another day, but today is not that day."
,Not Recommended,493340,26737452,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,epic146,"This game doesn't work. I bought it last week with high hopes. After one session, the game crashed the next day. The game continues to crash a week later, so I am left to write a negtive review. I love Planet Coaster. I was fascinated about it since the first trailer, and I heavily enjoyed watching YouTube coverage of it. But now, my love has worn away with the issues I had with the game. Maybe I have low specs, or maybe the software is corrupted. Either way, it inhibits me to play one of the greatest sandbox games ever. I have decided to stop trying at Planet Coaster, since it is not working. If I can fix it, I won't refund. But maybe, things weren't meant to be for me."
76561198085757963,Recommended,493340,26690898,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Totoro,"The game looks awesome, havent gotten past 5 minutes into a park because I cant figure out how to get my graphics set right so the framerate is playable. If anyone is playing this game on a surface book, i7, let me know how you set it up"
,Recommended,493340,28854762,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,^2N-E-1,lots of fun!
,Not Recommended,493340,26746781,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Famanai,"Pros: Beautiful, great micro-level customisation.Cons: Cities Skyline hollow game play with no real challenge. Sim City 3 style map restrictions (although not as confined). Like Cities Skyline  building 'paths' can be needlessly tedious on many things that were already a breeze in much older genre predecessors.It could be a fun game for anyone new to the genre if not so obtuse or slow to builld in. The all too typical tedium in many tycoon/city games as of late really nails it for me."
76561198179646486,Not Recommended,493340,33358244,Posted: 7 July,all,lucas.kneale,very fun if it didn't lag
,Not Recommended,493340,27910448,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OddJawb,"I played the game for less than a hour - not because the game wasn't as advertised but the game simply wasn't fun for me. If you have played any of the Rollercoaster Tycoon games then you will have just as much fun playing one of those games - I cant get excited about paying 45 bucks on a  RCT game with updated graphics, limited managment features, and a wonky path building system.The game is by no means a bad game - It could probably be fun for a lot of people. This will be a great game for people who either have never played any of the RCT games before or someone who has but just really doesn't mind paying for a face lift on a game niche that has been rehashed over and over.Again, most of my complaint about this particular game would be the price tag - for me it just sucks the fun out of the title because It made me feel like I paid for RCT with updated graphics - nothign really new or inovative about this product. Now - had they introduced something like RCT Platnium  with the water parks and zoos expansions aspect included in this game I would have happily paid 50 bucks for the game with no complaints - I just dont at this time feel like you are getting your money out of this game unless you have never played a Rollercoaster sim before."
76561198124182559,Not Recommended,493340,29469034,Posted: 24 January,all,dhonguelee,"outside of aesthetics, the game does not offer much complexity. I would've returned but I had already spent 5 hours just learning the basics of the game... wouldn't recommend."
,Not Recommended,493340,28306211,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Eera,"Just a short blurb of my short time with the game.Planet Coaster's gameplay has good potential, you're given full control over a park and can complete challenges or FreePlay and make the park of your dreams. The customization you are offered is pretty solid as well from the smallest assett to full rides, you can make your own custom ones or get someone else's from the workshop.BUT the problem for me with the game, primarily, was the lack of any form of tutorial to learn the mechanics of the game.Finally, the thing that broke my will to play, After having made my ""perfect"" rollercoaster and trying to set the station up I was placing the paths on and off of the ride, on went down no problem, the exit path REFUSED to start or to be connected to. I easily spent 30 minutes trying everything to make that work, nothing.The game is no longer in early access, if I'm throwing down full release money for a game I expect certain things, like being able to let people off my rides (kind of an important thing) and the game to have a reasonable tutorial I can go through to get acclimated.Honestly a little disappointed, may try it again in the future if these get looked at."
,Not Recommended,493340,28001700,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Teejoon,"This game is a ""Create-A-Park"" and not a ""Manage-A-Park"" game. The game lack challenge for players and is just about being creative. If you aren't one of the creative persons on this planet and just want to manage a park with a challenge, you will have a bad time with this game.The Career mode is the first big dissapointment. You have 12 parks, goin from beginner to easy to medium to hard with 3 parks in each. Sound good and resonable on papper. Except that the parks under the category  ""hard"" acctually isn't hard. They are just harder then the previous once, but not any hard. There is acctually one ""hard-ish"" task in the whole campain seris and that is the last task on the last map... And most of the maps are litteraly more less the same stuff over and over again. Just different theame and map layout. The first 11 maps have atleast 5 task that is ""Earn this amount on that stuff"", ""Get this rating on scenary/park"" or ""Get this amount of guests"" and non of these task being very challeging or creative. The last map just have a bunch of task that is ""Build a coaster with these requierments"" which was kinda fun since it acctually was a kinda big different from previous maps that only had 1 of those task at most. The maps are, however, good looking.The Challenge mode is a sandbox like mode, except that you have limited money and need to earn more to be able to build and you have to reseach to unlock new stuff. This mode comes with 5 different maps and 4 difficulties (Easy, Medium, Hard, Harder). I have only tried hard and harder (harder came with the 1.0.1 update). The challenges you get in this mode isn't really that creative just like the career task. Buy compleating a challenge you get a small cash reward of $1000. For the time I have played I haven't really looked at the challenges and acctively trying to compleate them, but rather just cash in the reward if I happened to compleat the challange and build my park how I want it. I can say that the harder doesn't feel hard. It just feels like stuff just take longer time. You start with lower amount of cash, attractions break more often, you get less guests, guests are willing to pay as much and you get less refund when deleting stuff.  But as soon as you start earning a small amount of cash you can just speed up time. Do something else for a while and you got some cash when you come back. Build more stuff and start earning more cash and repeat. Building a theamed park in challenge mode isn't very easy unless you reseach all the different facilities like, food shops, ATM, drinks shops, ect or want to build you own themed shop. Since some themed blueprinte buildings with drinks are only bundled withing buildings with different shops. So unless you unlock all the shops you won't be able to get that building. Like the only blueprint that comes with the game that have a drink shop and is Wild West themed is bundled with 2 drink shops and 2 gift shops. So unless you got the 2 drink shops and the 2 gift shops, you won't be able to build that blue print. Giving youi 0 options with a drink shop and Wild West theme. The maps you can choos to start on in challenge mode are more or less all flatt. There are some hills around the edges, but that is. If you want water, hills and dales in you park early on. You have to build them your self. And terraforming is kinda expensive and cash is something you don't really have realy on. Being able to start on a custom map with limited scenery items or play on a career map should be an option here.Sandbox I can't say anything about. It's probably good of players just wanting to create a park or build build buildings to upload.The are also some small things that is kinda enoying like your own blueprints and workshop download is in it's own menu rather then beeing in the same manu as the blueprints that comes with the game, which is what I would want and then have a the own blueprints and workshop download with it own small icon in the corner or different border color and being able to filer them out. And as we talk about the fillter. The filter options isn't remember between menues or if you switch between blueprint/custom view. custom view is bascily you see every basic items in the menu and you could use filters, while the blueprint is a finished thing that contains lots for basic items. That you could place out and select the whole group and move around which is very good.The scenery is a kinda huge deal in this game, but still the base game lacks stuff. Unless you want to build your own or download form Steam Workshop. You rides and queues should have good scenery to make your guests happy, and your shops will need it unless you only want to have lots of cubes single colored cubes all over the place. But if your like me that doesn't like to build loads of stuff my self but rather place down some already created buildings and fountains to create a scenery you will finde that the games lacks in those stuff. And might end up like me and just placing random stuff under ground to increas the raiting of the queue. Since seeing the same tower 11 times in a small area isn't really that nice.So for the conclusion. I woudn't recommend this game for anyone right now. Unless they are a creative person that like to build stuff and go in on the small details on every thing. If you like me that wants to build and manage a park, you will just be annoyed by the lack of blue prints in the base game. This could be solved by creating your own or downloading from Steam Workshop, but how this content is manage if game could get improved so that I can easly find the stuff frome the base game with the other blueprints. The game also lacks any real challenge, unless in the beginning on a harder challanger map. Where it's a little tricky, but not too hard."
,Recommended,493340,28398296,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,OneMoreByte,Decent game 11/10
76561198051526665,Not Recommended,493340,28717658,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Yuregenu,"TL;DR is that it's not for me.There are no tutorials, except for a couple of video's on YouTube. Playing career mode to learn the basics is not worth your time; the easy bits like placing rides are too limited in what you can do and the harder or new parts like training staff and managing rubbish in your park come out of nowhere once your park is a mess and your janitors up and quit without explaining why they quit and how you should keep staff happy. On the other hand, when you start the sandbox your options are ""limitless"" and you're thrown into the deep end.I tried to build a simple little coaster, but the coaster editor lacked any sort of convenience and sense. Testing while building is slow and tedious, bending track around corners properly is a nightmare and trying to snap anything to a grid is impossible. There will always be some unsightly bend here or there.It's not what I expected (although I shouldn't be too surprised since I already disliked RCT3 from the same devs) and I've requested a refund."
,Not Recommended,493340,28685400,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,AngleFish_87,"I just cant recomend this game, and I really am sometimes too generous of an online rater. With 12 gb ram and 2.6 ghz memory (intel i7- 6700HQ), it crashed every time I tried playing. I tried everything, I really gave this game a fair shake before doing this review...  reinstalling it, then lower the graphic settings, while playing it outside in 25 deg F winter air was the last thing I did before writing this... The thing is It only takes 5 mins or less to crash, rendering this game unplayable. Just in what I've searched and read, this issue has been going on for a long while with this game, I would expect the developers to have address it by now- so keeping it and waiting for it to be fixed seems pointless. I've requested a refund and sad to say  I'll just have to forget Planet Coaster even exists :-("
,Not Recommended,493340,28892259,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,veltish,It'd be great if it ran without crashing every 5 minutes. The concept I've encountered are genuinely fresh and I loved them until the 4th time it crashed on me after only playing for 5 minutes.
,Not Recommended,493340,27575256,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,domination628,Crashes randomly.
,Recommended,493340,35189896,Posted: 24 September,all,LAGGEL || B> Awp Skin,"cool game,"
76561198354280651,Recommended,493340,30603078,Posted: 18 March,all,Hyena,I have'nt played it yet but i'm excited
76561198169792311,Recommended,493340,29652948,Posted: 2 February,all,Dr. PICKLES,hey
,Not Recommended,493340,28909111,Posted: 1 January,all,daniel,bad snapping
,Recommended,493340,35075240,Posted: 19 September,all,AwesomeRobbie21,Great game! 10/10 best roller coaster game ever! Better than the Roller Coaster Tycoon Series!
76561197973663666,Recommended,493340,28182189,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Mikhaïl Oulanov,Management : 5/10Creativity : 10/10TOTAL : 7/10
,Not Recommended,493340,29041292,Posted: 5 January,all,Ouroboratika,"I enjoy this game a lot for it's freeform decoration, but the management isn't great. I would still recommend this game if it weren't for Frontier Development's very slow update pace. I'd recommend giving this game a year or so to simmer and get updated with more QoL features."
,Not Recommended,493340,27651407,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,etreX,"Not even close to RCT3. Not even close to a good game. It's clunky, easy, boring and repetetive.I just cannot recommend it."
76561198009998894,Not Recommended,493340,30547165,Posted: 16 March,all,Kronzeugenassistent,"..tried everything (pc has more than enough power, fresh drivers, compatibility mode, ...) but game crashes constantly after a few minutes - sadly unplayable for me...Hopfully the patch in april will fix that, then - perhaps - I'll give it another try..."
76561198082233990,Not Recommended,493340,30587788,Posted: 18 March,all,ohoudalqhtani,"Game freezes completely and I can not even close the game via task manager I had to reboot my PC. Also there is no way to report the bug, I can't do anything literally."
76561198294439339,Not Recommended,493340,28975607,Posted: 3 January,all,THE BEAST,THE GAME IS TERRIBLE AS IT ALWAYS CRASHES
76561198011535411,Recommended,493340,32662697,Posted: 22 June,all,Mayhem,The best 'builder' to date.
76561198064511369,Recommended,493340,27264379,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sneaky,ez pretty geed 10/10 no bui tycoonworld
,Not Recommended,493340,31160244,Posted: 15 April,all,LokiD,"as a creative park maker or a budding imagineer.....its great you can create anything if you have the desire!!!I got a refund as there wasnt enough prebuilt content, and building some of the tracks etc were frustrating. and can i mention the framerate it stinks. If you have the time and desire to create gorgeous parks and rides this is for you. if you havent got the time or will power to create such things, and want more elements all ready in game you will get bored of the vanilla content. Management seems the same as any other RCT game - so no issue there.Wish i could put neutral rating as i cant say i dislike or hate this game. Its just not for me. I just want something a bit more simplier and has more stuff out of the box."
,Not Recommended,493340,28131614,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Monolyth the Heretic,"Worth about $20 at most.Pros:-It's pretty-Runs well on a 3770k paired with a 660ti-Very detailed themes-A solid amount of management options for just about everythingCons:-Extremely limited base assets. Relies too much on workshop content.-Path building is♥♥♥♥♥♥  Absolutely KILLS the experience if you're a perfectionist or value your time at all.Mostly a good game but not nearly worth the price IMO.  Can't in all honesty recommend at full price.I'll keep fiddling around with it but for me, once again the awful pathing system kills the experience.  I'll update should my opinion change on the game overall."
,Not Recommended,493340,26673241,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Bort,"TLDR: Fun, way too easy.It's a great game, but fans of the classic RCT1&2 shouldn't drop their things just yet.If you're a creative mind and love sandboxes then Planet Coaster is definitely for you. However there's loads of work and balancing to be done on the financial and management side of things.This game reminds me Cities Skylines in a sense. The scale of things, appearance and creative freedom is ahead of anything out right now but the simulation isn't really there.I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone looking to fill that tycoon void in their heart. Maybe try OpenRCT instead."
76561198043109933,Not Recommended,493340,29915004,Posted: 13 February,all,Wronski,"Note: I've clocked over 10hrs gameplay in offline modeThis game is certainly a successor to RCT3 and has wonderful rollercoaster building tools and plenty of options to customize your park. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a sandbox-like game with very little challenges and no clear objective. For people who like a challenge and a clear purpose for building each park / rollercoaster, I would not recommend - it gets boring fast.Pros:- beautiful graphics- lots of customizability for micro-managing the park- lots of statistics on rides, shops, and visitorsCons:- once your park is cash positive, there is no clear purpose for the park- building rollercoasters becomes repetitive quickly- small frustrating UX issues e.g. no way of sorting statistics in any of the tables like most profitable rides- building a rollercoaster to perfect it's statistics takes a lot of time as you are constantly waiting for the test run to complete- ""Old rides"" <--- the worst! Effectively you need to sell a ride and build it again for visitors to ride on it. However, the old ride often will not build in the exact same location due to ""obstacles"". Why isn't there a ""rebuild"" button?- building pathways is fiddly and doesn't feel smoothThis game has a lot of potential, and once the above issues are resolved, I look forward to playing it again."
,Not Recommended,493340,29720548,Posted: 5 February,all,Tyrone Biggums,"Same problems as the original rollercoaster Tycoon but with updated graphics.-Guests have a very low tolerance for fear. I build amazing coasters that aren't too tall or intimidating but are fun and enjoyable. The guests refuse to ride them but instead go for some lame kiddy ride. People in the park act like my coasters are 1000 feet tall! They are comparable to rides from parks like Cedar Point.-Rides get old and uninteresting very quickly. This seems like a logical step, the only problem is ride value depreciates too quickly.Funny loophole for ride age: rebuild the same exact ride once people are sick of it. You don't like the teacups anymore? Fine. Bulldoze it and build brand new teacups. Now the line is full and people are paying 8 bucks a ride.I want to spend my time building amazing, fun parks, not rebuildng old rides to keep revenues up."
76561198112723153,Not Recommended,493340,28137441,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Mr Meeseeks,"I was not impressed by this game. The coaster building is a bit better than RCT3 little more flexible however, There are very few coaster types to make it at all interesting for the player. I liked rct3 for its diverse set of coaster types and what you could do with those coasters. This game is the exact oposite. as far as the thrill rides for if your into building parks instead of just coasters its even worse. The path building is an absolute joke as well. I was impressed by the performance and scenery otherwise I was expecting a lot more. Dissapointing 5 out of 10 from me. Maybe some updates to add more ride types can help."
,Not Recommended,493340,30271713,Posted: 1 March,all,xemphire,"Not changing my review from negative yet. Keep waiting on this game to get better, but to shine more light on why...1) Challenge mode is broken. The amount of money that the game tells you that you'll get in challenge mode is totally wrong. ""You get 25k dollars!"" and you end up with 2k in the openeing, I've seen this confirmed by other players as a bug. I took out two loans and damned six hours of my life trying to get the engine to turn over on my finances before it worked... and by that time I had to go to bed super late and life sucked the next day.2) Rides become obsolete faster than you can build them. The game requires you to bulldoze any ride that's been running for more than 10 minutes and rebuild it to keep it ""fresh"", and then when you go to rebuild it you have to spend 10 minutes bulldozing all the roses you planted around it for the queue score. You'll need at least an eight ball of cocaine to keep up with your park if you want to manage more than 10 rides in challenge mode.2) Scale... I have no idea how tall my coasters are. Maybe those stats are in there somwhere? I'd really like to know if I'm sending my guests down a 4 miles funnel into a loop the size of a buick at 10,000 miles per hour. Vomit? How about ""You've got brains all over the pavement, your janitor has quit and reported you to the Geneva Convention. Little numbers in the corner when I'm building please. I need more than angles.3) Fees. By default the park is free and the costs to guests is per-ride (Which you can set). But you can set an entrance fee and make your rides free, but everytime you have to rebuild them (see #1 G** D*** **) you have to reset this in one of three menus.4) Will update my review later... can't deal right now because this SHOULD BE AN AWESOME GAME. Back to Sandbox mode, where nothing matters. Why can't I change all the guests to goats?"
,Not Recommended,493340,31627254,Posted: 8 May,all,OcuS,"In-game tutorial ? Being new to this kind of game I feel completly lost. No clear objectif or clue how to achieve them.Couldn't manage to build a coaster because there is no clear indication what the buttons are for on the ""tracks"".Clearly, this game is not for beginners, wouldn't recommend."
,Not Recommended,493340,34113913,Posted: 8 August,all,[SL]TrYeX,Just feels hard and you dont know what to do and there is to many choices
76561198013250447,Not Recommended,493340,28384829,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Siorn,"The game is basically the themepark version of photoshop. Those who are creative and want to build their own cool set pieces can do so at their heart's content. However, I was really looking forward to another themepark manager using a bunch of cool prebuilt rides and maybe designing a few of my own along the way. If you play the management mode, you basically win 5 minutes into the game. You start making money at a ridiculous rate with your only cost other than ride maintainance being self imposed R&D costs which can be stopped or paused at will. There is no budget juggling or staff management neccessary. As soon as you have more than 3 rides congrats you win."
76561198006622834,Not Recommended,493340,29444917,Posted: 23 January,all,bleubleu,"For those who search a managment game: go away: you will have stats, but with unanderstandable values (how is it possible to have a negative amount of ticket sales ? why guest are thirsty but do not stop to the shop ? etc.)For those who search a building game and create beautifull parks: it seems that some acheive to do it (some beautifull buildings on the workshop), but it must be a full time job !Worst game I bought these last years."
76561198334252379,Recommended,493340,26666148,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Silky Rough,"Silky: The little things.Rough: Performance.The little thingsI can't remember who said ""it's the little things that count"" but when I play this game I'm reminded so often of it. Each character in my amusement park have their own peculiarities, desires and opinions. The fun is in finding out what they are and attending to them.From that sweet little girl with the icecream giggling at my hired entertainers to the hip teen prancing around acting all mucho after surviving one my custom made coasters (but I've got him scared now - he won't ride my 15+ fear factor SiKotic... But then, no-one will).Of course, you need to look at the overall demographic when you make your decisions about your park because while Billy Bunting hates the length of the queue, the costs of the ride and the waiting times, Sarah Bearer is more than happy to stand in the queue looking at my carefully positioned trees and shrubbery and happily pays more on the rides for my efforts.This is one heck of a coaster sandbox, quite pretty to watch and whilst the rides aren't limitless the customisation on most of them are.  There are almost countless ways to use the additions and ambience you can add to your park and it's easy to create entire ""themed"" areas with suitable rides nicely.Managing research, marketing and staff is fairly straightforward and easy to pick up (after a while anyway). ""hard"" and ""easy"" modes are seperated only by amounts of money and maintaining satisfaction but the balance seems tough enough to make you work at it on hard mode... or not if you prefer to build everything yesterday and hang the cost.When I say ""the little things"" pick out and watch 1 or 2 characters for awhile. Make a real effort to do so. The actions and little nuances that indivdualise them are quite good. There are even some quite funny ""quips"" which you may take the wrong way depending on how you're going. eg: ""I like a park that has lots of space"" or ""This place is not overcrowded.""... (or at least words to that effect). On face value you might feel proud but I'm guessing it may bring a little guilt if you look around and realise what they actually mean.I like it.PerformancePerformance might be an issue for some players. Do your research before committing if your systems is marginal. When recommended specs' suggest a 980 you bet it's going to make your PC chug on a big park and lot's of people - as it does on my 1070 on ultra.Overall a good game and an easy recommend. Modders may make it even more exciting.GG9/10"
76561197972711754,Not Recommended,493340,28165732,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,KirneH,"I can not recommend this game since the pathing is the most horrible pathing system ived ever worked with! its simply to much of hassel to decently connect your path and rides aso.Not to mention if u do not build ur paths wide enough the ingame ai of the park tourist is equally horrible to the point were u get massive trafic jams with no way of solving this by widing your path in anyway due to the horrible path system...could have been great fun, but as it is now its simply not fun trying to manage a park were making paths is something u dread."
76561198169256783,Not Recommended,493340,28293958,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,minimac33,"I do not know what I am doing wrong I have a WIndows 10 computer and constantly my game crashes no matter what I am doing. It goes from trying to find a tree to place or just loading snadbox up and moving around but it always crashes. I think I have not played this game for more then 5 minutes without it crashing. All of your updates say ""fixes crashes"" but so far I have seen no improvement except cool stuff that you can place but for me that means nothing since I cannot play the game. This seems as a serious waste of $45. I bought this game in September and eagarly waited till itz beta release. It started crahses so I just said it was just bet problems but now nothing has changed."
,Not Recommended,493340,31776677,Posted: 15 May,all,Pantallicus,"This game isnt very intuitive at all. There are no in game tutorials, and in-game tool tips are non-existant. When you have to go on youtube or a wiki to learn your game, as a developer, you fail."
,Recommended,493340,30198469,Posted: 26 February,all,sonnic616,dsfdsdsf
76561198125321535,Not Recommended,493340,32659714,Posted: 22 June,all,matt,"Camera controls are absolutely horrible. I started a sandbox mode game, hit my scroll wheel, and seemingly zoomed to the point I could never get the camera back to see anything.  No easy button for resetting the camera either that I could find (or if there is one it certainly isn't obvious).Campaign mode is unclear what you are supposed to be doing and does next to nothing to teach you any aspect of the game.  It allows you to place entrances and exits to rides wherever you want, then tells you they don't work and doesn't clearly explain why."
76561198135488852,Not Recommended,493340,28303650,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Dumb Idiot,"DO NOT BUYIt is not what you think it is.Not worth $40It just isn't. I mean 40 dollars?! For a coaster builder? Well I hope it's atleast passable.It's not.I like this game, don't get me wrong. As a game goes, it looks okay and runs very well. Amazing building tools as well as editing options. Great path building and navigation customization. The pre-made props look great, not to mention they have the community making new stuff everyday. Great concepts that surely will be valued when the game is finished. But...$40... It is $40 american dongers. Thats a lot of muns for a new game. You could by like 18 packs of twizzlers with that.It is NOT worth 18 packs of twizzlers. More like 5.The coasters will never be ""safe""I swear to god the ai are the most butthurt pu**ies iv'e ever seenBuilds a circle in the dirt""This ride is too intense""Charges $5 for ride""Thats too expensive for me""Makes awsome park with scenery and vegitation and long distance transport and all dirt cheap""F*ck you"" - walks away because aiThe ai is just a personal complaint, it might just be me but i doubt it. Why can't I build what I want and have people ride it tho man?...This game is not bad by any means. Again, I like this game. Devs continue to work hard to provide updates and to communicate with the community. It has a lot of awsome building and creative potential all based on your creative visions. I just don't think i like the $45 aspect. Buy if ya really want, its not a BAD purchase, just a bit risky in terms of potential use and fun you'll have with it as a game.Buy on sale or wait until game is worth $45... and save monies for more twizzlers.Can't recommend yet, sry m8s¯\_ツ_/¯*edit - F*ck this game man. No fixes, no explinations, no improvements... this is trash. NO ONE will ride your coasters DEFEATING THE WHOLE PURPOSE OF THE GAME. I build a towering superb amazing hellcoaster... too intensei build an average coaster with smooth edges and slow turns... too intensei build a LITERAL CIRCLE 2 feet off the ground with one dip on segment long at a 60 degree drop... too f*cking intenseI was joking about the circle thing before but are you KIDDING ME?!Do not buybite me planet coaster40 dollars i spent so i can be told my ideas for a park suck.why..."
,Not Recommended,493340,30363412,Posted: 6 March,all,robmalt1,Game freezes. Progress since last save is lost and computer must be rebooted. Not possible to 'end task' via task manager.
76561198063478815,Not Recommended,493340,26757561,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Surrounded by Assholes,"Unable to run at any sort of steady framerate.  My PC exceeds recommended specs but it is nearly impossible to run on any moderatly sized park at medium settings above 30 fps, let alone edit terrain which hitches and causes framerate to dip down to the teens. Rivatuner shows my i5 4670k @ 4.2 Ghz and my GTX 980 usage at 100% if I'm running at medium or ultra settings.  I've run the game during the  beta and over a week after launch and performace did not seem to improve.There is an ""ok"" game here that I would play if it would run correctly.  Tools are intuitive, art style is gorgeous, and the amount of customization is insane, look at the workshop for proof of that.  I just can't recommend it due to performance issues."
76561198198126102,Not Recommended,493340,29434205,Posted: 22 January,all,Boonanas10,controls are to akward and hard to get use too.
76561198011030795,Not Recommended,493340,27896612,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FragmasterJ,Way too many crashes to be a great game.
76561198031734032,Not Recommended,493340,26733634,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hinnie,"The game is fantastic everything is fine, but there are many bugs that need to be fixed:- performance bugs (planet coaster won't start up or let your gpu run at 100% when you are doing nothing.)- texture bugs (If you place the same kind of roof it just won't fit and the same is for the walls. Some walls arn't right when its supposed to be right.- gameplay bugs (popular attractions get populated around it very quickly.Just as I said except for these bugs the game is really promising and looks very good. The controls are easy and works fine, but at this state the game isn't finished at all and you can say it's just in beta. I didn't know there were this many bugs, if I knew I would have waited."
76561198000489846,Not Recommended,493340,28141675,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,xmx,"If you have a large monitor, unable to adjust the UI to be able to see the UI."
,Not Recommended,493340,34997533,Posted: 16 September,all,Sub,"Don't believe the very pretty trailers and their uplifting tunes. This game is not the dream. It is a collection of lego blocks sold to you for $45, with three lego cars sold to you for $3 each.The dream is limitless. I believe that if you want to ""Create"", you need to have the tools, not just the lego blocks. This is a call for mod support for the game.Yes, you can still mix and match the parts the developer sells you to create some pretty unique constructions. I've seen some really nice giant robots in the workshop.I strongly believe that the developers do not intend to give this game mod support, and for that it does not meet the standards I have for a creative game."
76561198038049211,Not Recommended,493340,29037137,Posted: 5 January,all,singlesc,"This is probably a fun game, but it crashes....all the time! I have tried this on 7! different computers and it is the same on everyone. Crash, crash, crash. So, if you like to live on the edge and never know when (not if) it is going to crash, go ahead and buy this game.Their support was responsive and polite, but ..... it still crashes.I have asked for a refund but Steam support says I have 'too many hours played'. Yea....trying to get the stupid thing to work!So.. I am out the full cost of the purchase and get nothing but frustration."
76561198234879216,Not Recommended,493340,31545801,Posted: 4 May,all,Techno Tetris,The controls for this game make it frustrating.
,Not Recommended,493340,28300294,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,efghijk,"Still adapting to the layouts of everything, however the game performs very poorly, and lags even on the lowest graphical settings possible."
76561198073115343,Not Recommended,493340,26741001,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Jennles,"This game has great graphics, but the controls are very unintuitive and some don't even work. I couldn't click to place items. Disappointing."
,Not Recommended,493340,28281981,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,iseemtohavemisplacedmypants,"Fun game, but badly optimized. I'm running a 6600k, Strix 980 Ti, 16 gb of ram and it putters out to 16 fps with less than half the park built. Even turning everything to low cranks it up to a whopping 19 fps! Wow. If they can iron that out, great game. As for right now, not worth playing."
76561198070075906,Not Recommended,493340,26969278,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Scalpotron5000,"Didn't do it for me.It's a super fun game for a while but could only hold my attention for about 9hours.SimCity and Cities skylines i played for 10 times as much before i lost interest and went back many times for more, don't see that happening with this game.Fun game but maybe wait until it's on sale."
76561198014820430,Not Recommended,493340,33820295,Posted: 26 July,all,Volk,"Game is quite fun,but building a roller coaster was never so hard"
,Not Recommended,493340,28919595,Posted: 1 January,all,ezwiggy23=VX9=,"Game feels like total crap to play, building anything is a chore, I do not recommend this game....."
76561198271287960,Not Recommended,493340,28684172,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,drunk badger,"Really disliked controls, for example, why do you have to hold something to pan around the map where in other games it simply requires just mouse movement over edges. And in control menu, it can't be turned off- panning is designed that you have to press something in order to move round the map. And to rotate, you have to press another button... how stupid is that! It's like- you pan, then you stop and rotate, where it could be made much nicer in one sleek move. Also User interface is very unintuitive and I lost all enjoyment of game just because of those two factors- this game is all about building and if that process is broken in very basics, it can't be enjoyable anymore."
,Not Recommended,493340,33663585,Posted: 19 July,all,LeadFoot,"Looks amazing, but frustrating as hell trying to setup my first coaster.  I even viewed the videos online.  After playing R.T. for over 10 years, this is a bummer.  It is so customizable that simple click and play sandbox mode is way more advanced than I am ready for.  Just using the camera to fly around is a pain in the butt.I really was looking forward to this game but it fell flat.  It feels more like a developer game rather than a finished click, place, and play game.Or maybe I'm just stupid.  IDK.If you want amazing graphics and unlimited menu structure this game is for you.  If you just want to quickly build a park and enjoy, this is not for you."
,Not Recommended,493340,28704535,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,551231К4,because you have to play it via frontier store?! and i downloaded it via steam and i cant play it and now i have to buy it again on this frontier store thing wow.
76561197990084056,Recommended,493340,31142560,Posted: 14 April,all,RainbowKiss,+
76561198015663622,Not Recommended,493340,29050944,Posted: 5 January,all,Xenosanta,"This game is not that great for casual tycoon players.  This is because the campaign mode lacks structure and there is no in game tutorial.  I had to look at Youtube for advice from players because the official support is practically non existent.  So once I did get started I played the first mission of the campaign and was given no directions on how to get started or goals to meet except for generic ""Get 1000 guests"".  I mean it looks cool if you're playing for the art but in terms of actual goals I don't feel like it's a fun game."
,Not Recommended,493340,33049765,Posted: 30 June,all,TheAragon1,"Theres something that just dont feel right with this game. Been playing RCT2 and i feel much more at home in that game, tho P.C is much more modern, propper 3D.  But the hole management aspect of the game, wich RCT2 has, Isnt there, its like "" here you have a plot of land, make what you can with your money "" But theres not much to manage except bulding a park."
76561198354826938,Not Recommended,493340,30121847,Posted: 23 February,all,Undead Dragon,"The idea of Planet Coaster is great and I had alot of fun with it at first. But it lags alot, the controls are very hard to use, the building is tedious and hard, and the physics add many limitations to coasters. It wouldn't be so bad if the game didn't cost so much. You like it at first but then after about a week it is no longer fun. 4.5/10"
76561198317674782,Not Recommended,493340,30065896,Posted: 20 February,all,kayla.mcgillycuddy,"crashes constantly, havent been able just to sit down and play because of all the crashes. really sad about this cause I paid good money and wanted to play the game."
,Not Recommended,493340,30041534,Posted: 19 February,all,LordBasset,"As much as this is the Cities Skylines in park tycoon games,it's also a very glitchy one. I haven't even finished my first park yet and I have run into several glitches, such as park mechanics not fixing rides, queues not working, and stuff similar to that.There is also a lack of non-rollercoaster rides, I'd like to see more for the sake of variety in my parks.I quite like the looks and mechanics of the game , but I can't build a park that stops working halfway through... which takes away most joy.TL:DRGame needs polishing to remove glitches"
76561198115346665,Not Recommended,493340,33626872,Posted: 18 July,all,Alexander,"“Shut up and take my money!” once a person sees viral youtube videos and screenshots of user creations. It pains for me to say. I have mixed, almost negative opinion on this game.  The simulation/ management games do not have to be AAA styled to be enjoyable and appealing but what it needs to have  is a strong management side to be that type of game. The talks here will not be about the good sides as it is obvious from many players who endorse the game in positive reviews – the graphic visuals, relaxing atmosphere, great simulation of visitor sims each having its own individuality and needs, sandbox building to let your imagination go wild. There are lots of players upvoting this game for this and I respect their opinions.It is being marketed as a MANAGEMENT game, but there is very little you can manage. Management is one of the core gameplay mechanics -  the “soul” of the genre, but this game doesn’t have that core -  “soul”.There are three major playing modes currently – sandbox, custom challenge and career. Sandbox is self-explanatory. Sandbox mode should not be a major focused element in this type of  game, this feature should always come as an “extra” after got though a career or a challenge scenario to relax and enjoy unlimited possibilities the video game can offer. Planet Coaster mainly focuses on a sandbox – if you love management games this game is not for you.Career mode is not a career mode if it does not teach a player to learn about a game mechanics at the beginning with a kind of story behind it. There are interesting scenarios but it gets pretty boring  -  you would do it just to get the stars and completing banal uninspiring goals like building a coaster with x,y,x stats or repay loan, attract visitors. There are scenarios are worth playing like Oak Island where all current buildings are locked and you got limited land to improve the park. I wish these settings could be in the challenge mode, which brings us to talk about that mode.Challenge mode is a joke:  The only restriction is the money which you can easily borrow and repay later. Not custom maps, not other challenging limitations. Basically you take a loan, place rides and 2 coasters, better if you got a nice blueprint from the community, 1 toilet, couple of shops , staff members , a guard and wait to repay the loan, wait to get the certain rides to become classing to squeeze more profits from them and repeat till you are unable to have a playable frame rate. There are no custom challenge maps. There are no restrictions or issues you have to keep in mind such as a locked terrain map with limited or disabled terraforming. “ Winter is coming,  John Snow” – or not, because there are no seasonal changes in the yearly gameplay. No environmental issues – where does all your garbage goes after a janitor empties a bin. Have you ever looked closely at Planet Coaster’s janitors pressing the rubbish into the bin and then the rubbish magically vanishes! May be each bit has a hidden sewer pipes underneath that sucks all your burger wraps and soda paper cups into the underground garbage compartment, voila , the cutting edge technology! Haha, sorry just me, so picky.You got a nice pond with trees down there – you do not have to clean that pond next to the thrill ride from vomit and dirtiness. I am not feeling fell – I should find a doctor. A person accidentally looses consciousness during a ride and needs an urgent medical assistance on the site… No accidents in the park and♥♥♥♥♥♥should happen  – just go to see the doctor, even if you got collapsed on the new shiny wooden path, nope. There are no electricity managements to power all your rides for example. No staff work shifts. Day vs. night has not  effect on gameplay apart from visuals. No environment degradation a player could face on – all your rides do not even rust technically, your cobble footpath always stays as new shiny. There is little or no influence the player can have on your visitor crowd apart from having entertainers, fireworks and having shops arranged in the optimal peep’s walking directions. Your hired stuff are biological robots. They  only exist for your park’s profits to flourish by selling ride’s tickets and merchandise! They will stay mindlessly, not even to have a break to go to the toilet like all your visitors do! “Every park guest is an expressive individual who thinks, feels and explores your park with their own interests and desires” – does not apply to your staff you have to manage as well. This is a true corporate capitalism where an employer sees a worker as a profit margin with maintanace cost and no more! ''Keep Calm and carry on working''.It is 1 p.m of the  50th year after your park has opened and your shopkeeper Bob Feng is feeling pretty well, although on the date of the opening he was hired at his mid 20’s to help him to pay off his student loan, since then he became one of the most loyal employee under your caring management hand! Sure he won’t past away any sooner because he “absolutely loves his job, money is not really an issue!” The only restriction comes from financial point.Although you can charge visitors a real like equivalent fee ticket and price tag for a soda, when comes to building your park to manage financial assets and think of purchasing decisions , the prices are way too unrealistic and tuned down. ~10k dollars for a new coaster ride , $10 dollar bench. In reality, the construction of the coaster could be estimated from 10 million dollars on average. A smooth concrete wall cost the same as rough concrete wall and a wooden wall or a metal one. The only decision making is the visual appealing no visual vs the cost vs maintenance. That would be a challenge to have a real like impact of materials you are using to create a park. More maintenance management – asphalt path that might crack and you have to patch it or choose a concrete path.  The biggest loan you take is only 10k. To simulate the opening of a new park a player needs only that amount of money, where in the real world the investments even in a small park would be counted in millions.The only real incentive goal to keep managing and fiddling with your park is to have a positive park credit account and guest happiness – this is where it ends and becomes boring.With a potato PC for this unoptimized game, (my potato PC  has I7-7700k and GTX980Ti) I use for work as well, cannot handle the park with a decent framerate after 1300 visitors and added scenery pieces in mid graphical settings. Also the game starts to lag after 3000 visitors and minimal or no scenery for a test I did. The more stuff you place the more laggy it becomes, especially when adding vegetation/trees and those users created blueprints with +1000 pieces. I wish there could be a prop-counter in the game to be able to see the park bottleneck vs PC performance... And a potato system is not even under the full load when playing this game.It is a nice relaxing game, but sadly being PRed by youtubers, lets players, upvoted unintentionally or just to get views. They tell how the game is fun to play with infinite possibilities – the only bottleneck is your imagination and dreams. Happens to be the other way around – bad optimizations- despite the “recommended” settings the game runs poorly after you ended up with a big park. Not to mention that maps are generally small.It is a good game to unleash your imagination without limitations and share it with the fantastic community but it becomes annoyingly unplayable once you got your imagination from head to the Planet Coaster. It highly favours as a sandbox, not as a management game. Even as a sandbox it disappoints with degrading performance as you build up your dream like park to get the “true” felling and experience of your and shared creations. A pity. It can be as good as “Cities Skylines” game,  on a smaller scale in the row  of simulation/management/community sharing tags but it is not there yet."
76561198024344558,Not Recommended,493340,26737736,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,meraynes9,"Game seems like it would be quite fun, but cant play 10 mins without it crashing. Frustrating!"
,Not Recommended,493340,29932448,Posted: 14 February,all,StevoMagnus,"Only played the game for a bout half an hour and got completely and utterly confused.There's no detailed tutorial that the game puts new players through, instead the game expects you to take the time to watch tutorial videos, which is a button on the main menu (which is out of the way and can easily be overlooked).It would be better if, upon startup of your first new map, the game would put you though an interactive tutorial that shows you how to do things then makes you repeat them so you get a better understanding of how you're supposed to do things.Other than that, the graphics and variety of different pieces are quite impressive and the game appears to be a more updated version of Roller Coaster Tycoon, which has been an old favourite (which has an interactive tutoral for the most part).If there was a middle-ground, then I'd select that, but since there isn't I'm down-voting it. An easy fix would be to add an interactive tutorial at the start of the first newly created map, then new players will understand how to play the game and create awesome constructions (without taking valuable playing time to watch boring tutorial videos)."
76561198118296203,Not Recommended,493340,32663578,Posted: 22 June,all,toomanynouns,"The controls of this game are a misery to use. I was also disappointed with how few assets were included in the game. It's nice to support the use of Workshop creations, but I do still expect the game designer to include a reasonable number of items themselves."
76561198175279499,Not Recommended,493340,34586468,Posted: 29 August,all,Vermeer,"What the hell. I payed over 50 euro's for this game and it doesn't work properly. Honostly, the game is looking very good and amusing, but when you've built new area's in your park, people just won't go there. It's rubbish! I've been readin threads about it from early 2016 and still now - aug 2017 - it is not fixed. It is rubbish and makes the game unplayable!!"
,Not Recommended,493340,27750675,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,therealjohnconnor,"Three hours today laying down every single piece of scenery one by one, just for one effin' ride - because 'Planet Coaster' has got little or nothing of the premades needed to play the damn game. And each piece positions so, so reluctantly, at that! Creatives with three hours to spare to build one playable ride, toilet, etc will surely have fun - but this is not for me. Uninstalled."
76561198077101127,Not Recommended,493340,29535531,Posted: 27 January,all,brutaxia,"Final edit after plenty of time with this game:1. Graphics are barely better than RCT 3 - a basically million year old game. Frequent crashes still on a high end rig that plays EVERY other game on HIGH/ULTRA with no issues, here I can barely get SD resolution to work without crashing. (NVIDIA 1070 card, I7 Intel processor)2. Guest behaviors are horribly coded, for example, I built a 4 3/4 star roller coaster that hardly nobody wants to ride even when I made it practically free, Only thing was it was far from the park entrance but in real life I would travel the ends of the earth for a 5 star coaster and I guarantee everyone else would also. And btw there were literally tons of benches in case their little feet got tired. BUT my 3 star flume ride has hundreds of thousands of visitors. Go figure...3. Unlike running a real park where 20-30 minute waits are a good thing, in this game, that level of queue stops people from riding, not to mention once the ride gets 6 months old, you have to drastically reduce the price to near zero or noone rides it anymore. In what real theme park would that happen?Video gaming these days should be an immersive experience and in the case of sim games should have some grounding in reality. This game has none, removing the chance for immersion and robbing players of any chance of feeling like they are running a real theme park. Sad. :(  2/10I really wanted to love this game as I am a huge fan of the genre. And the game itself is not bad. The problem is I have a brand new Win 10 PC with 16 GB Ram, latest 7th gen processor and a NVidia 1070 video card and the latest drivers. My mistake is playing a game that crashes a brand new high end computer every 10 minutes. And if that wasn't bad enough, many times my saved games say they are unable to load, so I lose all progress.Giving up on this game sadly as i cannot repeat this mistake until there is an update to make the game actually usable. I can't keep losing progress and starting over and life is too short.I so looked forward to this game :(Saddest thing is this game was my birthday present. Happy birthday to me, happy birthday to me...EDIT: Not changing my recommendation as of yet, but played today for over an hour with no crashes by changing to ""Borderless"" instead of ""Fullscreen"". No other changes to settings made and the game seems to work now. Not sure what the difference between ""borderless"" and ""fullscreen"" is, so as of now I will keep my recommendation as-is, but if you encounter this issue, try what I did and it may save you from uninstalling the game. I was ""this"" close.EDIT2: Still crashing even on lower settings and resolution. Crashes entire pc with IRQL_Less_Than_or_equal errors. Have latest NVIDIA driver for win 10 and 1070 video card. I'm a sad, sad panda...EDIT 3: Played witcher 3 at ultra setings, same with witcher 3, no problems at all after 3 hours each game. I have a CPU/GPU monitor tool telling me everything is fine temp wise. I have no choice but to conclude that when AAA titles run fine for hours on  my rig and ONLY THIS GAME crashes, it has to be the game. No other conclusion is logical.Sorry, but if you have Win 10 and NVIDIA GTX 1070 card, you WILL frequently crash and lose progress even though other intensive titles like Wicher 3 on Ultra play smooth with absolute min of 80 FPS. And GTA V btw.If they ever decide to optimize this game, then I may revisit. But no reason why an open world game on ultra like Witcher 3 runs awesome and this chokes like a cheap hooker. :("
,Recommended,493340,31127539,Posted: 13 April,all,DJMCSlick,AMAZING!  BUY IT! nuff said.
76561198279020329,Recommended,493340,28623573,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,有点俏皮,We need Chinese!We need Chinese!We need Chinese!
,Not Recommended,493340,28772376,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ian Beale,Good game but not worth the amount it costs.
76561198382680060,Not Recommended,493340,31533686,Posted: 3 May,all,LexieTheNerd,"Okay, the only reason this is a bad review is becuase that I place my like second rollercoaster down and my game wouldn't stop lagging, and it's flipping annoying. Also, the controls for the game are really confusing, I know you can change them but when I did that it didn't even work. So yup thats my review, sad this was the first game Iv'e ever bought off of here and Im really disappointed."
76561198031075888,Not Recommended,493340,27373566,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tweed,"Crashed on me constantly. Tried every fix I could find, no dice. Ultimately returned it."
,Not Recommended,493340,28664506,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,vcjonesy,The game crashes just after 10 to 20 minutes into the game. Seems when building stands or placing stuff it quits.
,Not Recommended,493340,27934379,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Naramis,"I agree with the negative reviews given on this game. I refunded it as long as I still could since I quickly noticed the in my opinion lacking management in this otherwise fantastic theme park game. Since for me, the management matters most, this is a huge letdown. Also, I noticed that the challenges seem a bit easy, and I dearly miss a way to alter the amount of money you start with in Sandbox.I do hope that Frontier fix and improve this weakness soon. If they do, I will immediately rebuy the game since it's absolutely beautiful and fun in all other aspects. If you, however, focus more on the building part of a theme park game, then you will have a blast and I warmly recommend it to you."
76561198348094016,Not Recommended,493340,28082312,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,louisjp2003,The controls are rubbish but the items are good. It is nearly impossible to see things. If you have seen videos on the game and you thought they were good and are thinking about buying the game like me. Dont buy the game and carry on watching the videos.
76561198297904617,Not Recommended,493340,28895179,Posted: 1 January,all,duckiegirl2295,"Super laggy and crashy, can't even get past the menu before it gets impossible to play :("
76561198347654632,Not Recommended,493340,27986772,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,lacgp323,"Game is great.  The graphics are great.  But it consistently crashes on Windows 10.  It will run for a little bit, show no signs of crashing, and then immediately crash, leaving me frustrated.  If you do not have a good computer, avoid this game."
76561198156453127,Not Recommended,493340,28082233,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Benlockyear1101,"Game is more unstable, than well anything. I am extremely dissapointed that i cant play the game properly., without losing progress every 10 minutes. The game is simply unplayable in its current state. I would like a refund."
76561198092259674,Not Recommended,493340,27011519,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Khfan1300/Troy,Fun game but crashes constantly. Really fustrating to build for hours and have all the progress lost becaues of stupid crash reports. Was not worth the money it is asking for with the way it is in.
76561197980176366,Not Recommended,493340,26980181,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jsg388,Laying down path has never been more frustrating.  I don't even know how they managed to fail in that aspect when everything else seems like so much effort went into it.
76561198353995817,Not Recommended,493340,28701587,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,findnikki,"it looks like fun - Too bad i can not play for more than 15 minuntes before it crashes!. I have validated the game, uncheced this and dotted that and stlll - my laptop is brand new!"
,Not Recommended,493340,28928340,Posted: 1 January,all,Jaeremorys,"You'll buy this game because of Roller Coaster Tycoon nostalgia. Then you'll realize it's the same game you got tired of playing over a decade ago, just prettier. If you REALLY like management sims and endless amounts of customization, you will like this game. If you're here because you're nostalgic for RTC, take a pass on this one, or maybe wait until the price drops to $20."
76561198145570031,Not Recommended,493340,28772859,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ghost Pikachu,"It's sad that the game crashes on Windows 10 and 8, and it lags so much too so I recommend to wait for the game to go on low price and make it run smooth."
76561198367721933,Not Recommended,493340,33290130,Posted: 5 July,all,ben.p.a.skelton,hi ive had the game for about 2 months now and it wont launch - its say preparing to launch but doesnt - can anyone help me please. Thanks.
76561198035702377,Not Recommended,493340,26753232,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,chainsawGRUNT42,started it up worked beautfully. started it up the next day  to make a new park and it crashed. tried again and it crashed...still doesnt work 10/10 would crash again
76561198066554242,Not Recommended,493340,31891930,Posted: 21 May,all,[CW] Odin The Wanderer,"this game has really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.. at first it was fun, now that im trying to complete the carrer its impossible. its simple entry level stuff like save a failing park but everytime you run out of money and cannot take out a loan so your stuck there just looking at your crappy park and have to restart just to do it again."
76561198357120406,Not Recommended,493340,29132031,Posted: 8 January,all,samthegamer625,"I cant even play it... Help me please in the comments. What is a 3D graphics adapter, what link do I go to download a 3d graphics adapter? It says I cant play without it. I really want to play it, it looks really fun, but I cant, help please."
76561197990708431,Not Recommended,493340,29517872,Posted: 27 January,all,tripsoldier,"Modern trend of releasing half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game and expecting the customer to deal with it is embarrasing. The scary part about it is that the community adjusted to the trend very well.Onto the game. The game offers you big freedom. But that's most of it. And the freedom isn't even that big at the end, as soon as you find out certain limitation. I guess the biggest one is how boring and tedious it becomes to create your own scenery too fit in with a good park. You end up measuring clonky anchor points of pathways and trying to figure out what where did your heightgrid get lost and constantly having to lock onto an existing grid to get proper measurement. Overall the grid-system plus the freeform tools are not fitting together smoothly. The worst part of creating the scenery is that the system is so 'get down to basics' that I was asking myself why won't I model my own park in 3D. I think that there should be better ways to customize rather than to give the user the tools the devs use in context of 'normal gameplay'. If you make too much sculpting of the ground plane the night will skip and theres no way to control that, apparentaly because of 'performance issues'. I think i should be judge of performance issues, you could just warn your clients when they exceed some limit of the ground modeling.Than the management. There isn't much to it. First off, it's very easy to pull of a working park and get profit going. Doesn't feel like a challenge. The guests aren't exactly smart and some, in my opinion very important features, are being implemented only now. Pathmaking is still pretty weird, if you make staircase next to grided pathways the guests will jump onto the staircases, one would seriously think that this would be a mistake rid off far in the beta version of the game.The game is good, and having it finished I would happily pay at least 60 Euro for the amazing system that it might offer. But it doesn't. It feels slightly unfinished, like an unmixed or unmastered song. It's worth the price, but I couldn't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,493340,28227053,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,fly8fly,"Not worth the money for me.I watched a few videos of this in early access and it looked really fun so I decided to try it out myself, only to find out that they made it 100 times harder than it previously was, even on the easiest difficulty.The UI and controls are quite clunky and runs quite poorly as well."
76561198179974283,Not Recommended,493340,31201851,Posted: 17 April,all,fredex,"I did sort of want to keep playing but as I was coming up to the 2 hour mark it was becoming clear that the game just didn’t really have enough content or challenge for the price tag so a refund seemed more sensible. Admittedly I did spend the vast majority of that time just crashing coasters into people and then digging a massive pit for them to fall into but that was sort of what made me realise that the game just isn’t all that complex or challenging.It doesn’t really seem like there are any consequences for your actions or decisions. Flamethrowers can be built all over the path but people will walk straight through them without issue. People can be sent flying by crashing coasters and just get back up and even when a coaster crashes in testing (because you deliberately only built half the track) it will just keep on running the test until you tell it to stop without incurring any costs or penalty. I assumed it had to be just because I was in sandbox mode so I opened up the first pirate scenario park and deleted a section of the rollercoaster. After destroying about 20 carts and sending dozens of people flying into the water the only notifications I’d received were about people stealing things. Not a single mention of the scores of fatal wounds I had surely just inflicted or about the dozens of people frantically waving their arms at me because they’d been knocked 2 foot off the path and couldn’t work out what to do. Something doesn’t seem quite right when I’d got so many notifications about thefts that it appeared as if a low level mafia had been established within the park and yet the AI aren’t sensible enough to take two steps across a bit of grass.Yes, granted people started trying to leave the park in droves when I put the price of the only remaining ride up to $200 a ticket but when I deleted a tiny bit of path at the park entrance they just started bunching up and flapping their arms around. The AI feel so basic they could have been taken straight out of Theme Park World from 1999. It is kind of fun to torment them but I was really expecting something more complex.Try putting two toilets in the park. One right by the drinks stand but without a path connection and the other half a mile away on the top of a 300ft high pinnacle of rock with a couple thousand stairs to climb to get there. Guess which one they will go to? That’s right, the one which requires mountaineering equipment and the fitness of a professional athlete. Then they’ll just happily spend another two days walking back down to go buy another soda.The game has great features for making the park all pretty and interesting with buildings and decorations and the coaster building has evolved well from the old tycoon games but in terms of management and strategy it feels like it is lacking heavily.The first coaster I tried building in sandbox mode got me 4 of the achievements and I’m sure if I’d tried it would have easily got the other ones for speed and length too but the coaster was redundant anyway as not a single person ever went on it because it was too ‘extreme’, meanwhile the queue for the bog standard merry go round thing was an hour long. Even when I closed all the rides (or had them crashing into massive holes in the earth) throngs of people were still coming to the park just to climb a mountain and buy a milkshake…"
76561198011885123,Not Recommended,493340,26683244,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Fred,"I found no real challenge in maintaining a park, but there is a lot of repetitive work. Controls are decent but not very intuitive, and there's no real guidance on how to manage things.The big positive, and why I think it's getting great reviews, is you can manage every detail of the park. You can create your own buildings, and put up signage, and (if you put in the time) make the park look exactly the way you want to.But in the end, those details don't actually affect the gameplay. They're cosmetics that the game doesn't really care about. If you want a challenge of overseeing a theme park and raising it from a fledgling two ride truckstop into a Disney megapark, ... This game falls short."
,Not Recommended,493340,28231536,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Fetus,They took our money and released a beautiful and stable game that has very little content and many features that barely seem to work at all (mechanics behind the beauty).  I will change this review in about 3 months if they add what should have been included at release.  You can read all about what is missing on their forums.
,Not Recommended,493340,33488578,Posted: 12 July,all,AP3XG4MER,I have an $1800 computer and this game still can't properly function on my pc. It lags uncontrollably and I have alot of graphical issues despite matching the requirements for this game.
,Not Recommended,493340,28833557,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DarkDvr,"Looks pretty, although super childish and cartoonish (a matter of taste, I agree), but the insane camera smoothing killed it for me. I just can't get past how ""rubbery"" the controls are. Refunding."
76561198085488659,Not Recommended,493340,34394444,Posted: 21 August,all,Spine,"This game has a lot of features, and is probably the real spiritual successor to RCT3, but tons of overlooked options and a poor performing game.5fps on a beefy gaming rig is ludicrous.Devs say it is not because the game is poorly optimized, instead suggest that the game is just poorly created.More polygons than the latest AAA FPS? then you messed up somewhere.It runs well enough at first to suck you in, but then crumbles under its own polypile.You literally have to pause sim to select menus..."
76561198044837279,Not Recommended,493340,29727834,Posted: 5 February,all,bugman1964,This game seriously needs in game tutorials that walk you through the creation and running of a park.
76561198063888987,Not Recommended,493340,28263436,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Pac-Man,"Was really excited to play this only to find out despite running smoothly, for whatever reason it crashed CONSTANTLY. Currently refunding my money right now."
,Not Recommended,493340,28662100,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Josh,"Really fun and neat game, however, I can never get it to play more than 30min without crashing, making it unplayable. Fix this!"
,Not Recommended,493340,28931341,Posted: 1 January,all,Daikee,this is a fun game but i dont think its worth $38 even when its on sale. I would get it if its $20
,Not Recommended,493340,28900383,Posted: 1 January,all,T H O R,I wish I had read the reviews before buying this.
76561198034103361,Not Recommended,493340,28243038,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BattleReady,"This Game ia good and i like what they have done with it, but at the same time it annoys the crap out of me due to constant crashing."
76561198271916040,Not Recommended,493340,33562025,Posted: 15 July,all,rombust,"after it first says fronteir it turns black and will not load. tried for over 1hr but still no response, dont get it please!"
76561198349220700,Not Recommended,493340,29824737,Posted: 10 February,all,ERIC CARTMAN,I didnt like it when some mediocre rollercoasters that i made were too intense for my customers yet when i watched some videos on some absolouteley insane rollercoasters they would all go on it i dont know if my game is glitched or not.
76561197969101952,Not Recommended,493340,30218682,Posted: 27 February,all,Harbinger of Madness,"Planet Coaster is a game made for the creative mode with unlimited money. For players wanting this mode, I would recommend the game. The new freedom to build the coasters is great.However if you enjoyed the diffculty of previous Tychoon games then this game very bad. The difficulty that exists are easy, medium, hard and harder. My problem with the game is this. For anyone who liked roller coaster tychoon difficulty this game will disappoint. As either you will have a game which the rides will break constantly or you will have too much researched. This is the main problem with the game for me. I have seen many posts about this topic in planet coaster forums, yet nothing have been done about it. I cant recommend the game as this has drained any enjoyment i hope to gain from the game.If any developer sees this, fix difficulty customization (make research lvl a separate thing from difficulty, and make everything a choice like if what level the rate of decay of coasters/reputation is.). Otherwise its a good game."
76561197965938361,Not Recommended,493340,26753128,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,eXodus,"Not that great, it looks great, it plays alright. But that's it, the depth in gameplay is just not there, it's repetitive and just not really THAT fun. I hoped for something more like RTW but it just didn't deliver that experience."
76561198158825879,Not Recommended,493340,29213871,Posted: 12 January,all,Exstinkt,literal♥♥♥♥
76561198020624678,Not Recommended,493340,27998688,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gronkar,"It's the best, newest coaster game that's been out in a long time. My issues with the game is placing things. Things that should fit don't so you end up with a Lot of extra unused space. Aslo nothing seems to make calculations correctly. 80% of guests can step in goo but still enjoy the park? I know i would be mad!The worst part is the coaster system itself. It's hard to control and none of the math on it makes much sense. Maybe I am just bad at it but Even to make a simple coaster that makes money is way to difficult. Ontop of the fact you only build one once your park is established and making good money... in order to maintain a park you don't need a coaster at all...... ontop of the difficulty, I can't recommend this game to anyone. If they ever rework the stats I will def give this game another try. But after spending 4 hours on a single coaster to try and make it fun, with under 5 nausea? I am done."
76561198216515455,Not Recommended,493340,28758165,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MarkSparky95,got this game after watching videos on youtube for the past couple of months which it looked awsomeplayed it for about an hour or so and discoverd it was nothing like videoscareer mod was way to easy even for beginer level place ride wait 2 min objective donesandbox i got bored after 10 minutes to much of a pain making pathways alone and roller coasters were the same no drag from a to b just indiviual blocks 1 at a time very time consuming and creates alot of frustrationnot recomended for laptop use
76561198060759740,Not Recommended,493340,31241602,Posted: 19 April,all,dornenfeld,"I'm at strife with myself. I cant deside between positive or negative... I'm a great fan of the RCT games and was very happy to keep track of Planet Coaster's evolution, but in its momentary state i cant recommend to buy it for more than 10$. There isnt much new content, compared to the older games. It's badly optimized concerning overall hardware-useage, resulting in hard fps drops at 3000+ customers. Then there is Denuvo Antitamper... I really hope the devolopers will keep their developement-pace. Perhaps the game could become what we really want from a rollercoastertycoon successor."
76561198084883484,Not Recommended,493340,28416388,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,SteeLeviathan,"For now I can't recommend this game only because I have been suffering. My suffering is that every time that I boot up the game, and try to play the game, it crashes on me. From what I have seen from other peoples playthroughs, this game looks  even better then Rollar Tycoon 3 and I loved that game, but I can't suggest this game until I have the ability to play it, and I bought the game on the first day, so the problem that I have been facing has not been fixed by the developers and that makes me feel sad, because I want to give this game high praise but I can't."
,Not Recommended,493340,29086255,Posted: 7 January,all,MatuMikey,Not recommended for new comers. Lack of an in-game tutorial makes this game difficult to get used to at first but if you don't mind learning on your own then that shouldn't be an issue. Otherwise good game.
,Not Recommended,493340,26713810,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Sarge,Game keeps crashing after about 10 minutes of play.
76561198078639520,Not Recommended,493340,27745028,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,silken,"I'm not sure if this was a good buy. I only bought it yesterday so I don't now how good it will be, but the interface is so not userfriendly I am not enjoying this game. Especially making a roller coaster is a pain, and when there's a placement error they do not tell you where the problem is. I think it gave me a lot of frustration for 38€.. Nice graphics though, and fun if you're a creative person. But not that fun for people who are not willing to curse constantly while building stuff"
76561198218046449,Not Recommended,493340,29442716,Posted: 23 January,all,tylerjasonhughes,i liked roller coaster tycoon better
76561198355792798,Not Recommended,493340,28935988,Posted: 2 January,all,alfie.hawkins1,consttly crashing - any ideas why?  Brand new pc.  all runs ok until starting to build
76561198071435886,Not Recommended,493340,32897416,Posted: 27 June,all,Adam069er,"This game CONSTANTLY crashes. I tried saving every 5 minutes; however, its easy to forget to save when you are on a project and then the game will crash and erase all of your work. .5/10 unplayable. May I please have a refund?"
,Not Recommended,493340,28200961,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","The game itself is great... but even at quite a bit above the minimum specs I get horrible dips in framerate with barely any action on screen... had to refund game, hopefully if they ever optimize it better I can come back."
76561197961642712,Not Recommended,493340,26724541,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,PooFighter,"This game is way to easy to master and there's to little competition whatsoever... Unlimited amount of money is one of them...The UI can be slighly confusing and it will occasionally block your view. Confusing part is when you've researched something, it doesn't appear in the UI category. Instead it's all stored in a category called costum, which in my opinion, should be the first tab that appears when clicking on couster-, track and rides- or shops and facilities tab, but for some odd reason it's the blueprint tab that appears first on every category.UI block block your view and it only happends when using it to find a specific shop to view it's location.The graphics are great, the ability to design each and every store is cool and the best part is to be able to design your own awesome roller coster! This game has alot of potentional.But! I wouldn't recommend this product at the current state, it lacks content regarding the management for your theme park."
,Not Recommended,493340,31138988,Posted: 14 April,all,lovemor,"I am not saying this game is bad, but i didnt like it. i played rct3 a lot and i loved it. This game its just, just not that much better. The controls are bad, the graphics are great. the coaster building is worse in my opinion then in rct 3. if you buy it, i hope you like it. But i didnt like it."
76561198305059485,Not Recommended,493340,28494192,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,OldGooner,"Wish i had realised sooner to get a refund.I can't quite put my finger on it but it somehow lacks FUN. Also I don't have the best specs i'll admit but after a while the FPS just starts to plummet, meaning making a large successful park more of an annoyance than an achievement."
76561198037780054,Not Recommended,493340,30249015,Posted: 28 February,all,jonbravoboy,Crashes at every oppurtunity
76561197966411772,Not Recommended,493340,26720624,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Saint Viper,"Started off ok, but now constant crashing, map loads and crashes to desktop.  Not something you would expect from a £29.99 game.  Shame really, as it looked like it would be fun.Update*****Refund request rejected, so hope they can fix this pile of rubbish"
76561197995464152,Not Recommended,493340,31310395,Posted: 22 April,all,Smerdyakov,"Rarely write reviews. But this is bad. 20 hours in and 15-20 crashes. Nothing else does this. Even Skyrim with 200+ mods works fine. FPS is worse than maxed Witcher III, etc. Features such as security totally broken and annoying. Denuvo kept me from paying full price but 25% off still wasn't worth it. Some cool stuff, but I wouldn't recommend unless it's at least 50% off."
76561198318634692,Not Recommended,493340,29195809,Posted: 11 January,all,evergreenspires,"Looks like a lot of fun. Sure do wish I could play it. Installed just fine, tried to open and was gifted with an error message saying i need directx 11 or higher. Double checked my specs only to find out that I was actually running directx 12. Tried uninstalling my drivers and restarting and it still won't work. Turns out even though I have directx 12 installed and running, I need to have a specific graphics card that supports directx 11 or higher. The one I have only supports directx 10 and lower. Looks like I'm going to have to shell out hundreds of $$ for a new computer just to play this one game. Too bad I can't just get a refund. Huge waste of money. Won't be recommending."
76561197999889274,Not Recommended,493340,35195111,Posted: 24 September,all,Desmondbratcat,"Really love this game so far, have been doing  a lot of building and really enjoying doing this.  The dark side of Planet Coaster is the DLC.  This was an expensive game and I hate DLC with a passion.  So far the DLC has been relatively inexpensive however I found out today that the next DLC will be $10.99 which I think is a bit over the top.  Not a good way to support the loyal Coaster community.  I think that if these sort of games want to go for a money grab - which is all DLC is - they should make the initial cost of the game not quite as expensive as this one was.  This is the sort of thing that Electronic Arts does."
76561198180649443,Not Recommended,493340,32896429,Posted: 27 June,all,garryjamesbooth,the frame rate is bad and graphics are awful. What is wrong with this game?
,Not Recommended,493340,33711426,Posted: 21 July,all,deep0x20,"The controls make it frustrating to build parks, the camera is even worse."
,Not Recommended,493340,33526462,Posted: 13 July,all,Scrappycoco,"Insanely counter inuitive. The biggest problem I have with this game is that you spend most of the time fighting with the camera controls - they aren't NEARLY as good as the game deserves, which is genuinely a shame."
76561198096981332,Not Recommended,493340,31212919,Posted: 17 April,all,dat thot patrol,"game feels unfinished and camera movement is cancer, requested refund"
76561198083779360,Not Recommended,493340,31226640,Posted: 18 April,all,stealing3276,Great game... but zero content out in the last 5 months... don't waste your money until they come out with an expansion or 3
76561197966314120,Not Recommended,493340,31231643,Posted: 18 April,all,Rearden,Not having much fun with this one. Unfortunately it took me a few play sessions to figure out that the game wasn't going to get any better and was denied a refund. The management aspect of this game is broken. Guests bailing out of queues the second a ride breaks down means you spend most of your time with negative funds just sitting around waiting until you can build something again. Said guests magically teleport to the exit of the ride too which looks ridiculous. Terrain tool is awful and makes a dogs breakfast out of the landscape. Once you push the terrain below a ride you can't raise it back up flush so you better hope the undo history is long enough when you make a mistake.
76561198077125622,Not Recommended,493340,28032509,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,deanroxursox,controls are odd. bring back simcoaster. if i could get a refund i would.
76561198006652233,Not Recommended,493340,28483897,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Kaesoron,Game is good graphics fantastic only let down i see with it is the UI and scrolling speed is ridiculously shoddy and therefore the biggest let down even after putting scrolling speed to max it is still at a snails pace and that just will not do so until the issue is fixed im gonna have to give a negative review
76561198171703755,Not Recommended,493340,34566986,Posted: 28 August,all,Toph Enough,It features too much tedious busy-work for not enough of a satisfying result.
76561198152581925,Not Recommended,493340,28947374,Posted: 2 January,all,Eternixity,i literally can't play the game. everytime i try to start a game it crasheswaste of money
,Not Recommended,493340,28687047,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ButtMongrel,Not a good management game.
76561198096654557,Not Recommended,493340,31522287,Posted: 3 May,all,lharuhichanl,ผมว่าเครื่องมือเกมนี้ใช้ยากมากไม่เหมือนThe sims หรือเกมอื่นทางเดินเท้า นี้ต้องลากที่ละอัน  ทำให้เบี้ยวๆไปเยอะ Staff เองก็ไม่มีชุดเลือก แถมบางทีเครื่องมือมันก็แปลกๆ เช่นเชื่อมสถานีไม่ได้งิ แถมหโหลดของมาจากwork shop ก็ใส่ของไม่ได้ซะงั้น
76561198260516865,Not Recommended,493340,26674580,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,gamer36844,Before Anyone Reads this Thinking why does this idiot hate this awsome game and I love the game I pre-ordered it but I am really upset to find that everytime I try to load a park it crashes or even if I try to create a new park
76561198167385939,Not Recommended,493340,26720780,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Ryu Vann,"I liked this game when I bought it but now I'm kind of bored.  Been doing Career but can't get past the 2nd one.  Says build a roller coaster with excitement of 5+, nausia under 5, and air time at least 5 seconds.  All you get is a wooden coaster, research won't give rollercoaster as an option to research.  I've been trying for 2 days, I open the coaster, says 7.5 for excitement, 5 for air time and 2.4 for nausia, but doesn't show objective complete.  5 mins later it goes back to 4.25.  Doesn't make any sense, how can you test it, have it show 7.5, you open it, shows 7.5 and then 5 mins later is 4.25??  It's ALWAYS 4.25.  I just spent $10,000 on scenery, adding props, water effects everything all over the coaster, it does not change from 4.25.  I have no idea how you're supposed to make a roller coaster more exciting as I've been at this for 2 days and am sick of using this same park.  When I view heat map it shows the entire coaster as 7.5 for excitement except the lift hill and just before the station.  Well duh how are you supposed to make a lift hill more exciting??? Very meh."
,Not Recommended,493340,29422310,Posted: 22 January,all,The_Boss_Gamer69,It us a great game but it is not what I expected :/
76561198340510536,Not Recommended,493340,29417840,Posted: 22 January,all,iamFerriz,Constant Crashing.. every 20 mins the game crashes wtf? dont recommend this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198203561016,Not Recommended,493340,31169350,Posted: 15 April,all,Saucy_Egyptian,"Ive been waiting to get this game ever since it was announced. i finally had the chance to buy it so i did. i checked the pc requirments and my pc met the minumum specs. so i went ahead and bought the game. once i loaded into my first sandbox game my joy and excitment was shattertd. The game ran like absolute garbage. 3 fps max. it was unplayable. The game looks awesome and i would love to play it. BUT the minimum requirments should at least be enough to play the game. So if you are planning to buy this game and your pc only meets the minimum system requirments to play, do not buy the game. it will run so bad that it is unplayable."
,Not Recommended,493340,32541722,Posted: 18 June,all,QwertyQwert,Not a bad game but too easy. No challenge to be had.
,Not Recommended,493340,26721470,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Puciek,"The game on release is riddled with quite a few bugs (many of them end in CTD) and lack of SLI support - something that hurts me as I game on big screen, and one card cannot churn enouh pixels to even approach 60fps stability without reducing it to medium/low. Which in turn takes away the eye candy, and takes you back quite few years visuals-wise.But technical issues aside, the game feels shallow and rather bland. Granted that the core implementation is fantastic, you can design coasters and parks of your dreams with fine-touch detail. But only if you do it within the 3-4 themes that are available in assets, and each comes with very few elements anyway, causing very quick repeat in scenery across your park.Additionally there are very few coasters to design with the system as is, and most of them are only distinquished by cart design (which apparently you cannot change on coasters atm, something we could do from the oldest of RCT games). We also cannot seem to customise any of the advanced ride parameters like we used to in previous installments in RCT world.Buy now only if you are looking for mere few hours of fun, which will then turn into repetition. Otherwise check in 6-12 months when the game is feature and content complete. And hope that it's not behind DLC-wall."
,Not Recommended,493340,28425289,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Chuluka,"Not enough premade buildings and shops. Not all of the premade buildings are available in all of the basic themes. All of the rides are quite samey so unless you're willing to create your own scenery, there isn't much variety. Also, the challenge mode isn't particularly difficult since once you're about an hour or so in, money is no longer an issue.Other than that, it's a pretty fun game.  I think that Theme Park World is still the best theme park sim that I have played. I'd recommend only buying this game once the price has been dropped 50% or more as part of one of the sales."
,Not Recommended,493340,26674764,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Akilles,"Fun as hell, a pretty in-depth theme park simulation. But it has Denuvo."
76561198161727797,Not Recommended,493340,28084467,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Sailor Kelly Lockhart,"The controls are clunky.  Having played RCT 1 and 3, the camera angles are usually really easy to manage.  I spent the first five minutes of gameplay fighting with the camera.  My computer runs most games decently but this game was extremely laggy.  The trailers looked promising but this was a big disappointment."
,Not Recommended,493340,28511428,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,[PriPara] Blushing Boo-pri,Its a great game if you want to be given artistic freedom in almost every aspect when it comes to building a theme park.Its a horrible game if you dont want to have artistic responsibility on you for almost every aspect when it comes to building a theme park.
76561198102154281,Not Recommended,493340,28242129,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Crimson,Won't stop crashing
76561198065201185,Not Recommended,493340,32229581,Posted: 6 June,all,CharlesInCharge,"The controls are a complete mess. There is no option to switch the inverted controls and it just feels totally unnatural and clunky. A huge disapointment, Sort it out!"
76561197971089748,Not Recommended,493340,33304778,Posted: 6 July,all,SpiderMonkey,The game has great potential but I feel it needs more content ie items you can place in the park.
76561198031519384,Not Recommended,493340,32652282,Posted: 22 June,all,divergence,Controls are terrible. There isn't a mode to just build within a budget. The premade parks are terrible. Wouldn't recommend if you liked other theme park building games.
76561197976528570,Not Recommended,493340,28519577,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Infrared,"I really want to like this game, but it crashes all the time.  I don't think I've had a play session longer than 30 minutes without a crash."
,Not Recommended,493340,31187283,Posted: 16 April,all,MoJangles,"No in game tutorials.. Why should i have to watch hours of youtube videos to learn thebasicsof this game (or any game for that matter) before i even get to play the game.Don't get me wrong i would be playing if i had the time to watch all the tutorials because the game looks superb, but i simply do not have the time to invest.For this reason alone i have stopped playing."
,Not Recommended,493340,29773169,Posted: 7 February,all,kangerkong93,"Not a very good successor for RC3. Very limited rides and facilities, when compared to RC3 and they expect you to fill in the gap by downloading stuff from the workshop."
76561198084197977,Not Recommended,493340,26742159,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,caper.eastcoaster,"The game looks great, but it has one major flaw. It won't run for more than 5 minutes without crashing. I'd talk about how it feels or plays, if only I had been able to actually play the game. Maybe hold off on buying the game until it incorporates some integrated support for an intel HD graphics card if you have a laptop of that build."
76561198362625256,Not Recommended,493340,30270160,Posted: 1 March,all,mobilejoey,bad controls
,Not Recommended,493340,35359037,Posted: 30 September,all,getluckynerd,"Don't ""BUY"" this game. You like the game so far and love all the blueprints you can add? Awesome but now you can't save the game unless you buy the DLC from us and we won'te tell you which blueprints are dlc so you are royally ♥♥♥♥ed. Better cough up 20$ every month to the developers or you won't be able to play anymore."
76561197969650575,Not Recommended,493340,29873637,Posted: 12 February,all,gunner_uk2000,"There is a really good graphical engine here and a nice, but unfortunatly there is no game. It's rollercoaster tycoon but without any of the tycoon aspects, just the coaster building parts. You can just plonk anything anywhere, and watch the money roll in.Also there is very little in the way of explaination of how anything works, for example in order to rotate something you have to press z, but there is no obivous way to find this ingame, the only way to know is to alt tab out breaking any emersion."
76561198347739643,Not Recommended,493340,31361417,Posted: 25 April,all,sharktoothxxx,"In it's current form i can not urge you to saty away from this game enough! Reasons being 1 For twice the price it is worse than games such as the 2005 rollercoaster tycoon, thrillville, etc. 2 the control system (aka everything from laying paths to placing buildings) is worse than free to play mobile games. this control system is backwards often over complicated non intuitive hogwash. just to lay a path for example you have to go through 17 different steps and youve still only layed down 1 brick to the 20 you will want. 3 it seriously needs optimized!!! from performance issues to again poor AI and control scheme this game is seriously lacking especially for a nearly full priced item. 4 it is bare boned, if your idea of fun is creating every little thing in the game in a much more complicated way than neccessary great.... but you can still get better from free games such as second life. 5 the management system is garbage, while it seems you at least can indeed manage things it is highly lacking in both quantity and quality and often times you will be left feeling like what you just did had no impact even though it most certainly would in many other games worth your time and money. 6 it is boring, again you are simply making things in a million more complicated steps than neccessary then seeing it had no impact on your game and wondering why in the h. you even bothered, you cant interact with the characters and/or play mini games like in thrillville whos NPCs actually even respond to what you have just done, you have less to work with than rollercoaster tycoon. LONG STORY SHORT THIS GAME IS AN UNOPTIMIZED, POORLY EXECUTED, WAY OVER PRICED HEAP OR TRASH!!! 0/10"
,Not Recommended,493340,26672947,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Damn_that_mash_looks_tasty,"Yeah I know I don't have a lot of playtime, but I had to refund this game. It just feels too big to get into. You really are expected to spend hours and hours building toilet stalls, and with the building tools they give you i dont know if it is that fun."
76561198099245960,Not Recommended,493340,27675452,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ND,This game crashes on my completely up to date new computer.  I can not even get past the character creation screen without a crash.
,Not Recommended,493340,32817891,Posted: 26 June,all,gizmo,"I didn't like it.  It wasn't intuitive and to me wasn't worth the money.  Maybe for mega fans of roller coaster tycoon it's a fun game to play, but I was more of a zoo tycoon person myself ... there's no tutorial for this game besides youtube videos which make it confusing and not fun, as you don't really understand what you're supposed to do.  I bought it on sale for 30 bucks and ended up refunding it after 20 minutes of playing.  There's a problem with the game when you have to go into your game control settings in order how to figure out how to move the camera.But other people seem to like it, so maybe there's something I'm not getting."
76561198176519233,Not Recommended,493340,28016858,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BradyShoopDaWhoop,It looked amazing. But it doesn't work. It keeps on crashing after 10 minutes or when I'm on a ride. I do not recommend it because you are wasting 44.99 bucks on this.....
,Not Recommended,493340,28713002,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mr.Meeseeks,"Downloaded Planet Coaster And It Can't Start.I Can play other games just fine but when i try to play planet coaster, it doesn't do anything and i either need a refund or a solution and i really want to play this game. : ("
76561198353938482,Not Recommended,493340,31825269,Posted: 18 May,all,Jackomeddings,"brought this game 2 nights ago , the first night was good , 2nd night had some strange things happening to the game and todsy it just wont work at all it is really slow , good game but bad lagging during the game"
76561198085306013,Not Recommended,493340,35395702,Posted: 1 October,all,Z0m8i3munkey,♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,493340,33117274,Posted: 1 July,all,aetheriality,no challenge.
,Not Recommended,493340,30868178,Posted: 31 March,all,Gordy the Pirate,"SummaryWhen it works, Planet Coaster is the theme park management game I've always dreamed of. And when it doesn't, it becomes a headache-inducing mess. This is a game that I really want to love. I've spent so much of my childhood creating dream parks in RCT2 and 3. Looking beyond the surface, I can tell that this is a fantastic game. The amount of control they give you makes the possibilities seem endless. The art direction oozes with charm and liveliness. The workshop support connects the creative community and makes the game even grander than it would be on its own. The only problem is, I can't get past the surface. Every time I try to enjoy this game, I get impeded by poor controls, an annoying interface, and abysmal mechanics. If I'm fighting with controls every time I play, then I'm never going to want to play. Games are supposed to be enjoyable. Unfortunately, trying to get Planet Coaster to work as you want it feels like a chore.LikesAn insane amount of customization. They essentially give you a big pile of Lego bricks and let you build whatever you want.Rollercoaster design is more in-depth than ever before. My favorite part of the old games was building my own coasters, and it's even better now.A catchy, upbeat soundtrack and a beautiful art direction make this game a joy to play. Everything is charming, vibrant, and just gives off a happy vibe.Steam Workshop support means even uncreative types like me can build amazing parks.DislikesThe keymapping system isn't user-friendly at all. The game not only lets you overlap different binds onto one key, but it doesn't even warn you when you do so. So if I set E to rotate an object but E is already set to rotate the camera, I have to find and fix it myself by sifting through the terribly long menu. On top of this, some of the binds are inexplicably ""linked"" to each other. For instance, Delete Path and Pan Camera are both set to right-click by default, and if you try to change one then it'll change the key for both. So if you want certain actions to be on separate keys, you're just out of luck.Placing paths exactly how you want them is a nightmare. You build paths one piece at a time using width, length, and angle snap sliders to customize your piece. Having to fumble with sliders for slight adjustments and then moving your mouse around to preview them quickly becomes tedious. Yes, you can use keyboard shortcuts, but it's just as tedious having to reach across your keyboard since you'll probably have more important keybinds close to your WASD keys. Paths also seem to have a weird ""grouping"" behavior when being connected to buildings. Sometimes I'll be deleting paths that I want to redesign when suddenly one click deletes half of my plaza. The most infuriating thing of all, though, is trying to get new path sections to line up nicely with existing paths. Sometimes it works beautifully. Most of the time, the game fights me until I want to tear my hair out. I don't understand why they couldn't have implemented a brush system where you can simply spray where you want your paths to be. There's so many small sections of open space that form between paths, and I can't fill any of the spaces because of their piece-by-piece path system.Terrain editing (specifically, undoing terrain edits) is poorly designed. If you hold down the mouse for a long terrain edit and then want to undo the whole thing with Ctrl+Z, the game backtracks tiny edits at a time so you have to spam Ctrl+Z to get rid of the change. Why they wouldn't make Ctrl+Z undo each full click is beyond me.Some of the UI components are uncomfortably small. For instance, when using the path customization box you have to scroll down to see the last setting. A single setting. Why not make the UI bigger at that point? Scrolling to see one last option is completely unnecessary. In the same vein, why can't we adjust the window sizes? The windows only show one and a half rows of items. I'd much prefer to have larger windows so I could see more items without having to scroll.No peep creation like in RCT3. It's not a big deal for me, but I do miss this feature. I enjoy making my own families and getting to watch them as they tour the park.My Personal RatingGameplay: 3/10Visuals: 8/10Audio: 8/10Overall: 5/10"
76561197967716242,Not Recommended,493340,31295706,Posted: 22 April,all,Vidjunkie,Plays like garbage.
76561197962587915,Not Recommended,493340,31249701,Posted: 19 April,all,Pub,"Hey, Want to build the theme park of your dreams? well you will have to do it on 15 FPS and no, the developers doesnt seem to care about it.After reaching 1000 guests (mid game) more or less, the game is unplayeble because of preformance issues, and no your/my rig is not the problem here."
,Not Recommended,493340,31118804,Posted: 13 April,all,"Axel ""Not the Real"" Foley","I do not recommend this game at anything above a $15-20 price tag.I bought this game expecting an incredibly polished Rollercoaster Tycoon clone. What I got in it's place was good polish, but an underwhelming lack of options available for a theme park game. Default options limited me to only two or three types of restaurants, with 4-5 themes for each. All shops and clothing feel too generic, you only have the choice of a memento store, a hat store, or a gift shop. All are generic brands with your chosen, also generic, theme. This creates a game along the lines of Cities: Skylines, another game I was very critical toward initially because, like this game, it depends heavily on modders creating good content out of an okay shell. While rides were plentiful, I just felt that anything beyond rides and coasters was limited, and I really wanted a good ambiance on the side.That's what Planet Coaster is. You're paying $40+ for an okay shell that you and your fellow players will be forced to build upon with custom assets to make anything lasting and enjoyable. I understand a lot of players like this game, and I'm sure it's because of the same reasoning behind Cities: Skylines players loving that game, it's anincrediblegame with mod support, but when mods aren't there, it's just nothing great, and the fun ended for me quickly.If I have to depend on mods to make the game fun or lasting beyond a few hours, it should not be a $40 game. I refunded this and may pick it back up again when it's significantly less expensive. Until then, RCT is still great, and it's at a much lower price."
76561197990448376,Not Recommended,493340,26725346,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,albiabia,buggy and not fun
76561198319521253,Not Recommended,493340,26722072,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Aquatiize,"ok so i watched videos of this game everyday leading up to the release and was really hyped up. i bought the game and it took about 30 minutes to download. after i opened it up, i got about 240 fps on the loading screen. however, when it came to entering the premade world (approx 2 rides with a low ammount of people), i got around 7-13 frames. i was confused because i have a medium to high end pc. i went into the settings and it had things on ultra. i turned them down onto the lowest settings and turned off frame demanding features to see how many frames i could get. turns out i only got around 40 frames. i looked up if anybody had optimization problems and most people explained how most days they got 20 fps but some days they get 45-50 fps. i would either wait to a sale or dont buy the game until this game receives optimization. the developers spent so much time on graphics and the ""personality of each individual character"" that most people cant run the game smoothly. (not saying that everyone cant run it, some lucky people can). its a cool game but its so in depth to where the only people playing are youtubers, developers, or people who literally bought a whole new computer to run this game."
76561198048889429,Not Recommended,493340,29926625,Posted: 14 February,all,itSaul_Goodman,Very expensive and controls are very hard to comprehend.
,Not Recommended,493340,26675548,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,1teamkiller1,"great as a sandbox, but not what i expected, the simulation aspect of this game is very weak, so if you are looking for a tycoon sim, you might wanna get another game."
76561198018598516,Not Recommended,493340,34743304,Posted: 4 September,all,euplatious,"Planet Coaster attempts to be a good version of the Roller Sim genre that became quite popular after RCT hit the gaming charts.  Planet Coaster is also trying to make this game work within a modern, 3D sense.  Games have evolved, and PC  tries to make it work with simpler interfaces and such.And it's a laudable attempt to make RCT and other park sim games work.  There's a lot under the hood, such as using scenery at rides to increase their reputation, and thus the price you can charge.  But there are some wonky things under the hood that, the more I played, the more I found that disturbed me.First, the game's coaster AI appears, on first glance and using the tutorial, to be much simpler and grokkable.  But it's not.  It requires a number of button clicks, and the game's AI requiers a lot more permutations.  I found changing the angle of the track, to be extremely uninuitive and hard to manage. You need to click in the right place, and that requires changing the camera angle constantly, but on some maps the cameras have issues and will push you back and forth into close or far away mode without an easy fix.  On the map with the grotto, for example, when you have to build a coaster in the narrow grotto, it took me about 90 minutes to finally build  coaster that met the requirements of the scenario with the UI and camera issues that appeared.Another issue is that this is not a deep game.  I was surprised by the rides that were pulled out, including some vital ones, and in many places you only have one or two options.  For example, we just have train and monorail in transport and not the chair lift.  We just have log flume and river rapids in water rides, we just have cars and go karts.  There are no rides in the water like Bumper Boats or Paddle Boats.  Gone is Putt Putt and many rides from other  RCT and similar genres that are pretty good.  As someone who frequents amusement parks and fairs constantly, I was susprised to see iconic rides get the boot.And if you were thinking that this is ok, we'll get workshops or DLCs, not really.  The workshop group is great, but you can;t make new rides, just reeskin old ones.  So people have blueprints of tracked rides or decoration, but that's it, and the only DLC released is overpriced reskinning of stuff for a few media franchises.  Nothing of worth has come down the pike and changed the game with a rehauled UI, more rides, and such.I also crashed to desktop four times yesterday, and once today in 11 hours of playing.As such, I find that Planet Coaster is worse, at launch than RCT3 for most things, and I don't even like RCT3 that much.  The inane way to force you to try to similar path or ride making just doesn't work as well as other 3d games liek Zoo Tycoon 2, despite different ways of trying, like locking in angles.  The result is a game that has issues, and enough for me to set the game down, and leave it.  I love the concept, and i get where they want to take the genre.  But this just lacks depth, good UI, and crashes too much, and the workshop is only as good as the game allows.So I am not recommending this."
76561198007600725,Not Recommended,493340,28172624,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Driver,This whole game is just Sandbox.You cant lose in this game.Building♥♥♥♥♥♥is cool but there is no challenge.
,Not Recommended,493340,29579399,Posted: 29 January,all,Thalestr 💜,"The ""Not recommended"" Refers to the game at the pricepoint at the time of writing ($60CAD). I would check it to ""Yes"" if the game was maybe half the price.My issue with the game is that almost nothing comes premade. You're expected to make nearly everything. Each shop/restroom/etc building only has maybe 1 or 2 premade layouts and they're very specific in their visual style. If you want to make your own building, the game gives you the 1x1 block for the actual storefront and you have to make the rest of the building yourself, by hand, piece by piece. As I joked to a friend: You will spend more time making your toilet stalls than you will actually making coasters. It's teduious and frustrating. Coaster stations have nothing on them either - they are literally just a metal platform with a few gates. You can't even fence-off the platform so vistors don't fall off because there are no fences in the game. You have to find a suitiable replacement and meticuously place it piece-by-peice around the entire station. Good luck getting this to line up properly if you didn't start your entire park with snap-to-grid turned on. Planet Coaster does not have any premade visual gates or entrances for rides like RTC had and it does not automatically fence-off ride platforms. It looks terrible.On top of that: There are very few thrill-rides, an OK selection of coasters, very few transport options and nearly no gentle ride options. Several rides don't even have premade options so once again you have to make everything yourself. Even the most modest of parks in this game is going to take, no joke, over 10+ hours of your time because everything has to be placed by hand. Placing a ride and it's gatesin RTC would take you all of maybe...5 seconds? In Planet Coaster, to make roughly the same thing in a smilar style, would probably take you over half an hour. No thanks.I haven't tried anything other than freebuild because that's what I enjoy the most in RT games. I can't speak for the managment gameplay but I heard it was weak at best. That would make sense as it doesn't seem to be the priority here- buiding is.This is more of a creation-kit than it is actually a game...and it's a kit that doesn't have very many tools to work with. Not worth AAA-prices."
,Not Recommended,493340,27533933,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Whocares,Placing done a path is exteremly frustrating amognst other annoyances in the game.
,Not Recommended,493340,28003099,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RandomArmyStudios,im gonna refund this game.... Every time is start up this game it crashes my entire pc. Meaning my Pc over loads and shut its self down when i start this game... i have the over the top recomended equipment also... so fix this game and mybe next time ill buy it in the future
76561198000710280,Not Recommended,493340,29254900,Posted: 14 January,all,MonkeyHarris,Horrible controls on PC totally killed it for me in less than four hours.
76561198318164801,Not Recommended,493340,26730854,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,rmc5199,"NOT IMPRESSED, controls are laggy and everywhere one click to the left and your over the opposite end of the park, and also only get to play the game for 10 minuites max because it crashes every time, was so excited for this game and was a total let down and waste of money."
,Not Recommended,493340,28172547,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Chaos6505*Qc,"For me, i found too complexe to make something out of it, there is not enought prebuild thing and i dont want to spend 3h hours building a toilet...I will continue to listen to timelaps on youtube because i haven't enough time and patience to play this game..."
,Not Recommended,493340,32592967,Posted: 20 June,all,brabzi,I'd really like to get my refund on this one but it took me more than 4 hours to realize that this isn't for me and by the time I realized that my short time window had closed. I guess i'm too old now to figure out a game in the given time... :(
,Not Recommended,493340,26752976,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,ExodusGamesTV,"It ran well for the first hour or so. After I've built a half dozen rides with about a dozen more odds and ends buildings it began crashing the instant I placed a new object. Running on a i5-4690K and GTX770 which plays most games on high 60fps. Not sure what the problem is but the game is unplayable at this point. The first hour was fun, though."
76561198006617727,Not Recommended,493340,30284630,Posted: 2 March,all,Hidden5hadow,"After seeing good reviews saying this was like RCT 3 but better I can say the following:I tried this game for a couple of hours and played the first of the ""career missions"". After having to spend 10 minutes messing around with the graphics settings so that I wasn't squinting at the interface to try and understand what I was reading due to it being so small I started the mission. The objectives looked simple and I completed the first within minutes whilst trying to hash together a drinks vendor. I say hash as all you get is a few premade options then the Custom mode which is basically just a square box which you can decorate yourself, decoration however is not as simple as people would have you beliving. Trying to make a building which is asthetically pleasing is easy. Trying to make one which is obvious as to what it is... not so much. The controls are too complex and it has a weird system of ""snap to ...."" which seems to think that I want an upside down palm tree sticking out the side of the building.I refunded it and will be getting RCT3 and returning to the Good old days"
76561198142490188,Not Recommended,493340,30424975,Posted: 10 March,all,JG.,"Good design work and fun to play until a few really stupid mechanics kick in with ""ride aging"" and it ruins the whole experience. I would recommend to play as a demo but I lost interest pretty quickly due to the ride aging mechanic - super frustrating."
76561198058678041,Not Recommended,493340,28478638,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Sir Jasper L Jinglebreeches,"Before Planet Coaster came out, nearly everyone was praising it over RCT World.... Well, at least RCT World runs.  Forums are full of players who purchased this game, installed it, only to watch it die two seconds after clicking the icon.  Uninstalls, reinstalls, suggested work arounds, and even a few virus-infested patches are all out there....  but nothing from Frontier.  No attempt to solve this issue.We're still here, waiting for Planet Coaster to figure out why so many of us cannot get this game to load.  I'd love to play this game, but cannot recommend it over RCT World, because it doesn't work.Hey Frontier... how about addressing this issue.  I'm just one of many who have this problem."
,Not Recommended,493340,26694262,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ble.ndy,"I'm upset. I've heard AWESOME things about this game, and it IS really fun, but it keeps crashing on my PC. Different gamme types, different activities, all make it crash. It's very very annoying and disappointing.EDIT: Devs have reached out to try to help me fix the issue. No luck, so far, but when I can get my game running stable, I will definitely change to a recommend - I've determined it doesn't seem to be a PC issue on my part, so I don't think it would be fair for others to DL and run into similar issues as me. :C"
76561198088380066,Not Recommended,493340,26764625,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SnypeShooter,Will rate better when my game decides not to crash all the timegame looked beautiful and i met all the minimum specs just wish i could have enjoyed it more.
,Not Recommended,493340,26678877,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,rYos,Great game but constantly crashes.
76561198149246173,Not Recommended,493340,28454420,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,toeknee63,"You will spend more time figuring out how to do something than the actual act of doing it. This becomes tiresome quickly and I can't recommend it at this price in this state. Close, but a no-go for me."
,Not Recommended,493340,31503901,Posted: 2 May,all,Clinty,"What a dissapointment! I was really hoping for an easy to follow interactive tutorial and nada, nothing, zip!. You have to watch some stupid youtube videos that I cannot follow. I am a hands-on person that likes to play and learn at the same time.I struggled trying to get to grips with this from the word go, too complicated for me and believe me, I did try.Some of you may be fine with it, but if you like a good interactive tutorial, you won't find one here. (Similar to Elite Dangerous, they don't have a one either, again stupid youtube videos.)Have requested a refund for this."
76561198152066110,Not Recommended,493340,26724462,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,dakota.beck,"i have spent two days doing fixes for one error after another until i finallky got to the point where i could get past pressing start and then i ran into the ""black screen of death"" which seems to be a constant in games made by frontier because thius also happend to elite dangerous as well so as of now i still cant play the gamer i bought two days ago....my review score as of now is 1/10 and my permanent veiw about frontier is 1/10to anyone who has the same black screen after luanching but has fixed it please tell frontier what you did so they can fix it for everyone like they had to do with elite back in  2014 and listen to a random guy on a workaround for their mess they made"
76561198021997180,Not Recommended,493340,29491394,Posted: 25 January,all,scottster33,Thought this would be better then the old rollercoaster tycoon not much different feel i waisted my money.
,Not Recommended,493340,34869631,Posted: 10 September,all,Arnoldeus,Not my style...
76561198137737203,Not Recommended,493340,34799122,Posted: 7 September,all,DEEZ NUTS!,"It doesn't matter what i do, my coasters are always too scary. Even if i put one tiny drop, its too scary. I'd rather play RCT3 than play this game, im sorry, but this isnt worth 38 euro's. Dissapointed."
76561198006740592,Not Recommended,493340,28220761,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Ich bine ein syltmunk,"The game crashed four times in less then 15 minutes. A real shame as I have seen some really fun stuff from let's plays, but it is unplayable for me despite re-installing the game multiple times."
76561197973464373,Not Recommended,493340,29765797,Posted: 7 February,all,Frosty the Snowman,It isnt as good as RC3 and its harder to navigate.  Doesnt work on low end graphics card only top.  If I cant play it then to me it wasnt made right because I just bought a brand new computer should have worked.  The specs are to high on the game and to hard to navigate not enough interaction.
76561198085277464,Not Recommended,493340,35172352,Posted: 23 September,all,LutherMalcolm,Only got 20fps with a overclocked GTX1080 on low in both 1080p and 4k.
76561197972247794,Not Recommended,493340,32884657,Posted: 27 June,all,Grand Chef Panda,Difficult to play without in-game tutorial.
76561198288593874,Not Recommended,493340,29331107,Posted: 17 January,all,jimscho,Game has great potential  if it didn't crash every five minutes.It would also be cool if you could use VR to ride the coasters.But at this point I can barely build one since it reboots every 2-5minutes.
,Not Recommended,493340,32607102,Posted: 20 June,all,Soleedus,awful pathing makes parks a chore to build
,Not Recommended,493340,28421198,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Adamski1409,"I bought this product and returned it later, with only about an hours gameplay, but I feel I need to mention this since it's not clear when buying. The game doesn't help you learn the controls and tool kit much, making it somewhat confusing. To be blatant, I returned it because the pathing system in the game is so frustrating to work with and because using the terrain and creation tools frustrated me to no end."
,Not Recommended,493340,26745320,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,SPOOKYTANGLE || Twitch.tv/RKTNGL,"Absolutely horrible performance. running this with a GTX 970 along with 8 GB ram and i7 4790k @4 Ghz yet i am barely able to hit 30 at medium preset. the game is quite fun though, and you can completely unleash your creativity. yet i am extremely disappointed by the poor optimisation of the game"
76561198004174990,Not Recommended,493340,26693090,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Chro'Tal,"One of the few games I actually requested  a refund for.I wanted to like it, but realized it is quite boring for my personal taste after the first 30 minutes of novelty had worn off.There is no tutorial, the campaign would not proceed past first mission, even though I managed to get 3 stars an all targets had been reached (maybe a bug).You get dumped into a game and practically know nothing and can try to learn on the fly (which is not exactly intuitive in this game!). The tutorial videos are not very helpful either to people who just press play or want to learn interactively.All in all i looks like a early access version, unfinished as many products, but mislabeled and sold as full version."
76561198269435586,Not Recommended,493340,30758892,Posted: 26 March,all,Dixie,"I really want to enjoy this game but there one thing really bugging me and its the grainy edged objects ( tracks,peeps,building! ) in the backgrounds. I have tried changing the settings like upping the edge smoothing setting and hell even turned up all the settings and I still have this grainy background appearance. I dont know whats going on becuase I dont see anyone else reporting this problem so I guessing it me but I have no clue what!?! Im so confused because I meet the system spec requirements ,I dont have this issue with any other games and I also have no performace issues with this game so please can someone help me solve this issue I cant stand it!"
,Not Recommended,493340,30662047,Posted: 21 March,all,boblo,"Good game, but not worth $44.99"
,Not Recommended,493340,31196368,Posted: 17 April,all,Uncle,"Ugh. where to begin.The game itself seems quite massive with a huge amount of options. I love Roller Coaster Tycoon, in fact most building and management games I enjoy quite alot so I figured this game would be right up my alley!Well....except the part where it's fun....or engaging...Honestly, I love level of detail, but when I try to delete a lamp post, and it turns out that you have to select or can select indivdulal. parts. of. a. lamp post. Then placing otherwise pedestrian objects becomes a bit of a pain.Secondly the music is awful and the beginning theme song sounds like it was ripped off from ""phillip phillips - Home"" song...which I hate that damn annoying♥♥♥♥♥insurance song...so had to switch that♥♥♥♥♥♥off.Secondly as you try to fit massive rides into cramped and messy campain parks you realize that you have the ability to affect the terrain....you'll need that when you learn you have to wrestle with the damn earth just to set entrances and exits to your rides, because leveling terrian is a massive pain and is not very intuitive.Crime! There can be alot, but where can you buy security cameras to monitor your park? I dunno! I could never find it!This game could have been great but they wrecked it in their menus, their build mechnics their sound design, music, and ingame sounds are just annoying and fustrating as♥♥♥♥♥♥Too bad."
76561198068997600,Not Recommended,493340,26738924,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Spyrulfyre,"For as pretty as it is, how about a simple tutorial in the game to help new players get going - or maybe a simple manual? I'm sure glad Steam has a refund policy.And yes I saw thathere were three videos. Three. Videos. What a joke."
,Recommended,493340,31106547,Posted: 12 April,all,Xmite,Direct...X...12. WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY I HATE THIS STUPID DIRECT X 12 AND YOU CANT DOWNGRADE ;-;;;;;;;;;;;; Cant run on Windows 10.Overall: Microsoft Sucks/10
76561198079985381,Not Recommended,493340,30968851,Posted: 5 April,all,steve,This game was good but now its junk. You cant play any of your saved games just sits there. You can play a game today save it and then cant play it 2 hours later. My son has the same game same problem.  I expect this low rate garbage in beta but not now very dissapointing.
76561198017527354,Not Recommended,493340,28131526,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Zebniko,"I request a refund as soon as I realised that the games runs poorly. Too bad, becuase the game looks amazing. I don't want my gpu fans running full blast with lowest video settings. I'll check on the game later, probably when it's discounted, and see if they optimized the game."
76561198224197476,Not Recommended,493340,33311723,Posted: 6 July,all,RealSolo,muhhh
76561197999499004,Not Recommended,493340,26765747,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Golden Dias-GoldenMusic,"Last 2 days ok, but today every 10 min crash. Thats why i  dont recomended this game now! Wait for patch."
76561197998712268,Not Recommended,493340,30253512,Posted: 28 February,all,Acidalias,"I never actually played this game. It got stuck loading. Came home from work with the game having 20 hours. Well, no refund for me so I will take this as an oppertunity to say. Coasters, yay."
76561198173307945,Not Recommended,493340,29412399,Posted: 21 January,all,proVIP3R,you half to have a computer with a pretty good video card to run this on or you will have no luck with playing it just frame rate drops
76561197970866188,Not Recommended,493340,32701175,Posted: 23 June,all,The Maddog,"Game looks lovely and worked flawlessly for the short time I played it (I think).My problem is I have no idea how to play it. Let me try to describe.You start the game by choosing career, sandbox or challange mode.  Obvious choice is to pick career mode. At this point you have two unlocked parks to choose from. The first one seems a standard park description but the second one is followed by the words (beginner). Being a beginne I click on the second one. Park seems to be in full swing but nothing happens..it;s all rather passive observation....unless I click randomly on tabs which offer various things. The only thing that gives hints on what to do is the objective button which says something like attract 800 visitors or build two rides. After a little fiddling around I kinda worked out on my own how to place a ride and start it but then I'm getting messages about theft from a visitor and I need to deal with it. How?  Restart in the acctual first mission and not the one tagged ""beginner"" and it's the same story. The game tells me what to do objective wise but fails to show me anything usefull on how to acomplish it....it just directs me to youtube vids from the main menu.Rather than a few ""training wheel"" missions to teach you the basics, you're directed to a few tutorial videos.  In this case I just requested a refund.  It's a sad turn events when to learn to play a game you have to watch youtube videos. I'm sure if you are fmailiar with Frontiers previous Rollercoaster game, you'll love this (and I wanted to as well) but I dont want to spend hours and hours learning to play just to find the game bores me because it didnt give me a few easy missions where I was taught the basics.Frontier did this exact same trick with Elite: Dangerous till they finally added in proper training missions 6 months ago.I'll check back in when Frontier resolve this as I want to play, not watch."
,Not Recommended,493340,29387345,Posted: 20 January,all,Benne Figaro,"This game was buggier than the kitchen in my post-college apartment. I couldn't play for more than 10 minutes without it crashing. My PC doesn't have issues playing any new titles, so it's not issues on my end. Perhaps it was a bad file, or some sort of corruption on the download, but either way, I had to get a refund within the first day."
76561198124261876,Not Recommended,493340,26755028,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,greenspleen17,"It keeps freezong every 15-20 minutes, and the freezing lasts about a minute each time. If I could PLAY THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME without it freezing constantly it would be a way better game."
76561198173059181,Not Recommended,493340,27981054,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,u4ick_73,"I am beyond upset.  RCT3 was my fav game of all-time...  I invested a great deal of $$$ to get a high-end CPU/GPU, mostly to play THIS GAME!!!.... and now suddnely I cannot even LAUNCH the game from Steam.?1  Spent hours.  Re-Install / Clear Cache / Change Download Site / Installed ""Patch"" to supposedly fix this problem.  Looked into Firewall issues.. WHY would the game suddenly just STOP working?!?!  It shows up in my ""Task Manager"" as Active, but it's just NOT launching from Steam... occasionally I get the ""Server Not reachable"" message.  EVERY other game in my Steam Library plays just fine.. so what's the deal guys??"
,Not Recommended,493340,28007749,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[PRX] Jerrak,Horrible resource hog. Laggy and clumsy game-play.This is really just a poor attempt at a themepark sim.
76561198097840049,Not Recommended,493340,31187720,Posted: 16 April,all,Irathi,It gets boring quite fast..
76561197998964861,Not Recommended,493340,35077356,Posted: 19 September,all,Southern Wind,It force you to do CAD.
,Not Recommended,493340,31161813,Posted: 15 April,all,Shawl,"Planet Coaster is a great game, do not get me wrong. I came into the genre that is roller coaster management somewhat blind and optimistic. I knew you had to build stuff and do things, but I didn't know exactly what I was getting into. This game allows you to be very creative, which I am not. What I am really trying to get across is that you should know what you're getting into before you shell out $45 for this so you don't regret buying it."
76561198138562348,Not Recommended,493340,30656396,Posted: 21 March,all,Showtubers,Werry nice game but YOU CAN NOT HAVE A FULL PARK even whit intel i7-7000k and the bestgraphics Card and max ram!I ame werry disappointed!!!
,Not Recommended,493340,30757539,Posted: 26 March,all,TheRaven81,"No tutorials?!Sorry, but a YouTube video, a tutorial does not make. And there may be other videos around by people - but I personally can't learn just from watching a video. I learn by doing things.  Roller Coaster Tycoon was able to make a proper tutorial, why couldn't they? (EDIT: I just got Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 Platinum, and found it was made by the same company. And there are plenty of interactive tutorials explaining how to do things in the game. I don't see why they couldn't do this in Planet Coaster...) I spent about 2 hours trying to figure things out, before I finally got frustrated and just got a refund.I think the only way I'll give it another shot is if it goes on sale for an extremely low price.  But not now."
,Not Recommended,493340,31312805,Posted: 22 April,all,艾俄洛斯的连弩,"1. Terrible UI. Tiny words make it tired just set my personal settings with my large 24'' screen. Couldn't imagine if I opened  it on a laptop, totally disaster.2. Terrible Settings. Use little words discribe every settings, I barely know the difference between 3 kinds of ""Rotation"". The rotation fuction can be done in 1 keys as you have already have a detailed ingame options, there is no need to make settings like that such complicated.3. No guidlines for new gamer. It took me more than 5 mins failed setting my first Coaster on the ground. IF YOU HAVE SOME REQUIREMENTS, CAN'T YOU IDIOTS WRITE IS CLEARLY?4. To build a road is such an difficult operation that one can never fully control the direction of a road., and 2 parallel roads have no action to combine. WTF? I can't widen my roads by combine 2 nearby road? ARE YOU GUYS NUTS?The game game patterns and content are good, but bad experiences ruined everything. Before the operation logic changed, the operating interface improved and the basic instruction put in this game, I don't think the game quality is worthy of this price and sales numbers."
76561198352824465,Not Recommended,493340,28572508,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,bgiven2,"I have a brand new computer that's more than capable of handling this game but I haven't even been able to play more than 10 minutes, if that, at a time because of multiple game crashes. I'm confused by this based on all the positive feedback this game has generated but I am very disappointed."
76561198134517806,Not Recommended,493340,28084338,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MooCat,"Purchased this game a couple of weeks ago, really looking forward to playing it. Love simulator type of games.Anyway, i purchased this game at full price of £29.99 ( or something of that figure ) i managed to play it for roughly around a week - now it's decided to stop working. I press Launch game on Steam, or on the desktop. After i have done this, the symbol pops up below on the task bar then freezes my hole computer - apart from being able to press Control Alt, Delete.Then i have to force quit the game.I have reset my PC - tried numerous things to put this correct, verified game cache etc, etc.I basically now have a game that i spent alot of money on sat there which i am unable to play.I am 100% asking for a refund, i have checked the specs of the games and my PC is more than capable of playing it.If your looking for a great Icon to sit on your desk top, or even something to look at to bulk out your game library on steam, then by all means purchase this game. Apart from that, it's useless. I'm not the only one who has experienced this issue either.Ever heard of a game called No-Mans Sky?"
,Not Recommended,493340,30328525,Posted: 4 March,all,danz409,nothing like spending the entire day working on a park. being able to save with no issue. than suddenly that 4-5 hour spree of sucess is shot down when you relize you can't ♥♥♥♥ing save all of a sudden for no reason. this game is NOT in development and we should NOT be experancing thease issues. i payed top shelf price for this game and would like to get a top shelf product. thogh that major turn-off and frustration behind it has a LOT going for it. soo much custamizability and once you figure how the game actually works. challange mode is fun AF... untill you lose hours of progress like i did. done with it. cannot stand losing hours of gameplay because of this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..
,Not Recommended,493340,31096558,Posted: 12 April,all,SpookyDiaboliC,"its alright but i feel like it's more story / scenario based than a creator, you have to work long and hard up to that point to be able to even make anything, even in free mode. if you expect a thrillville-esque game, don't get this. But it is a nice park manager!"
76561198157441860,Not Recommended,493340,32296236,Posted: 9 June,all,WildMan / No Twitch / 2 Years,"I bought this game thinking it will be a fun way to sit at home and play like im at a amusement park. I wasnt like this at all. Its a building simulator I would say that I didnt exepct this game to be like this. I thought you would be able to experice to rolercosters or rides but not really. this game isnt work it, at least not money wise."
,Not Recommended,493340,30802167,Posted: 28 March,all,brylinstaats,"I dig the idea, but the game itself is awful. I can't get myself to play it for longer than 5 minutes because it is so ridiculous. like the sidewalk function for example... why is it like that dude"
76561198030894690,Not Recommended,493340,30779761,Posted: 27 March,all,pete1051,"It's a candy-coated, watered down repeat of RCT3. Frontier basically re-used the same game. The selections of rides & stalls is terrible, and the auto-snapping controls are frustrating. There is less control over coaster functions, you can't set speeds for launchers & breaks.DONT BUY IT!!!!"
,Not Recommended,493340,28034906,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MrAttacos,It's aight.Got bored really quick doe.
76561198250157306,Not Recommended,493340,28433285,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,simone_turner-x3,Brilliant game if it didn't crash every 10-15 minutes.
76561198164505102,Not Recommended,493340,33869122,Posted: 28 July,all,StateMan55,its a great game over all the fps is not so good it has its  ups and downs.BUT THE THING THAT I RELY DONT LIKE IS THAT THE GAME WONT COME OUT FOR MAC!...so I I...umm know what im stoping the revew here!
76561198027605384,Not Recommended,493340,31179282,Posted: 16 April,all,mattweaver787,"Definetly not a game for mid ranged PC's. However, its a refreshing take on the coaster game."
,Not Recommended,493340,28706693,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mischkit,This game doesn't explain to you at all how to play it. The controls are awefule. Would NOT reccomend this game to anyone.
76561198233563872,Not Recommended,493340,26719482,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Little Miss Naughty,"Was really looking forward to this game, but a bit of a let down.Firstly the game requires a mouse, edge scrolling is non-existent and is not really great on a laptop.  There is a real lack of content in the game which is disappointing.  It is surprisingly easy to make a profit and the build system is quite clunky at times.It's not a finished product by a long way and I have submitted a refund request.  It is not worth £29.99.  I will be going back to the far superior RCT 3."
76561198038302560,Not Recommended,493340,31580950,Posted: 6 May,all,ShufflingMonkey,"for the price, its not worth it honestly!very basic version of roller coaster tycoon and very limited building options.but this game ♥♥♥♥♥ all over roller coaster tycoon as far as graphics goes and detail!i can understand the value to this game as it is simply B E A UTIFUL game!unfortunately, i can see myself playing this more since ive already played plenty of hours on roller coaster tycoon.. was hoping for something more."
,Not Recommended,493340,26704164,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,swan_electro,"I like it alot,so, far.  I think it's a wonderful game, and I wish I could reccomend it unconditionally.  However:Frontier Development are asleep at the wheel, again.It started up fine for me, but that's not the case for many people. The FD forums are alive with people having problems getting it to even start. The same forums are also devoid of anything from FD since the launch party.That's not good.check your game as soon as you get it, and if you find any issues, return it for a refund, because FD is known for being unresponsive and slow to address problems. If they have to start giving money back, they will likely begin to learn better business practices.--- review update---I've been playing the game more today. I've gotten past the second pirate senario.The game has crashed a few times today. The only other game I have that crashes with this kind of consistancy is also by Frontier Development - Elite Dangerous. So, be warned."
76561198268595620,Not Recommended,493340,33383268,Posted: 8 July,all,james,UTTER CRAP... controls are awful. waste of £30
76561198256416467,Not Recommended,493340,33581654,Posted: 16 July,all,sweetbrokers,It has not let me get a refund for the game as it does not work on my system.  It crashed and kept the game on.  Resulting on it going over 2 hours. I am terrified how stem handled it and act like nothing happened pls give me a refund as I can't play the game.  I got the money as a gift and want to spend it on a game I can play.  It crashed when I opened it keeped on the screen frozen resulting on it going over 2 hours.  And steam say cos its over 2 hours they can't refund me but thats just an excuse to cheat me out my money.  I would like a full refund as I think its unfair to not give me one just cos it froze and went over 2 hours.  I just wanted to play a game but now I can't because im not getting a refund.  Pls give me a refund.
,Recommended,493340,26739080,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,blitz,this game ♥♥♥♥ingrocks!No one should evernot buythisamazinggame. It is sogood!
76561197993670834,Not Recommended,493340,26683536,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Zeph Grey,"It's beautiful, and fun, for a little while, but ultimately has some powerfully bad design decisions that take awak from my enjoyment, or even interest in playing the game.For games like this, I always like playing a more free form game, (challenge mode for PC) and while it's here, and functional in all it's glory, it feels like it was just added as an after thought, and given no attention.  The playfields are just flat, featureless expanses. Not a river, valley, or even so much as a hill to speak of.  This makes building a park a boring prospect, and making the landskape interesting requires money that's offered in paultry supply.  You can make maps in freedom mode, (basically a creative mode with no money) but these far more interesting maps you yourself construct can never be moved over, leaving them pretty set pieces with no real function or fun.I hope this gets changed in a future patch, but seeing as the devs ignored the community on this...and nearly everything through their early beta, and the game is now considdered full release, I don't hold out a lot of hope."
76561198115935059,Not Recommended,493340,30157096,Posted: 24 February,all,dancing_kiwi1986,"I have heard so many good things about this game that I can't help but be dissapointed. I was expecting something user friendly and fun...but that is not this. I don't think there are any tutorials and if so, I have looked everywhere and have not found them yet...I can't figure out how to rotate the camera even using the mouse and arrow key combo that the tell you to...I have been an avid Roller Coaster Tycoon player but decided against getting the latest ones because of bad reviews...but I think I will do it anyway and deal with any bugs that might exist in the game because atleast they have easy to find tutorials. Is there a way to get a refund? I have litterally only owned it for a few hours but it already feels like a few hours too many."
76561198139777509,Not Recommended,493340,26667224,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Autumn'sGhost,"I guess I'm one of the outsiders. I found this game very underwhelming. I'm a Rollercoaster Tycoon veteran, so seeing some youtubers play this, and enjoying the RCT series, I thought I would like this. It does have some pros, but for me the cons outweigh the pros.Pros:-Very beauiful graphics-Curved pathsCons:-Lack of basic ride options to make a proper themed park, such as you would find in RCT3-I smell a money grab. If items aren't given in updates, you may very well have to pay for numerous expansions and packs just to add more, better content to the game. I'm not ready to have to spend that much on this game.I wish it had more content, that would definitely make it better for me, allow me to be more creative with it."
76561198165811516,Not Recommended,493340,31176107,Posted: 16 April,all,vtirprelude,"Where is the ingame tutorial?  One shouldn't need to go on youtube or similar to learn how to play.  Even the last PC themepark game by this company had one...I'm sure the game is great...if there was a way to learn without ""trial and error""...don't have time for that crap and a tutorial should be there in this day and age."
76561198414676524,Not Recommended,493340,35195605,Posted: 24 September,all,hunterfergie420,i wish i could get my money back for this game it was a waste in my opion
76561198046604609,Not Recommended,493340,31431929,Posted: 28 April,all,Lynch Friend P^2,"not as good as the old rollercoster tycoons, but better then the new ones"
76561197994719986,Not Recommended,493340,31135825,Posted: 14 April,all,harper846,seems unfinished
76561198191761423,Not Recommended,493340,28404674,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,EZAYⒶ cs.money skinsjar.com,really repetitive and gets really boring
,Not Recommended,493340,28176580,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Keitaro,Game keeps crashing. Like every 30 minutes.
,Not Recommended,493340,33885625,Posted: 29 July,all,goblin,Looks great.Plays like utter garbage.Garbage hyped beyond belief.
,Not Recommended,493340,28720297,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,James CyberLink,You really do need to be a super-fan of games such as Roller Coaster Tycoon to get anything out of this. It's so hostile to newcomers it's insane.
,Not Recommended,493340,28193431,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,eff,Planet Crashing.It'd probably be good... if it would actually run for more than 5 minutes.
76561198135398989,Not Recommended,493340,28450874,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,dog,it gets very boring after 9 hours
,Not Recommended,493340,26684097,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,The Cast Iron Assassin,"Great concept, beuatuifl graphics, awesome concepts in general. But the build controls are irritating. Very counter intuitive at times. I may pick the game back up after some refining but as of now I can not really reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,493340,29512364,Posted: 26 January,all,csuperman7,"Maybe I'm missing something, but when I try to play the careers, there's no instructions, no goals, nothing.The game has no tutorial, no help, nothing, just throws you in and doesn't explain a thing.Whenever I try to play sandbox mode, it crashes."
76561198026386095,Not Recommended,493340,31361971,Posted: 25 April,all,erfqfrqe,"Default controls are abserd and difficult to change. No tutorial, sluggish and annoying."
76561198026945019,Not Recommended,493340,26708256,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Cirddan,Unfortunatly I am going to have to write a negative review about this game mainly for its poor performance issues.  However I really wanted to enjoy this game but with 5-10 fps even on low settings with a high end machine it makes the game almost unplayable.  I researched the forums and there are many people having very similar issues with their high end machines and it does not appear the developers have an answer for this. At first I thought it may be a graphics driver issue because I know the GTX 1070s were having issues. After roll backs and installing the most recent drivers it seems the game still cannot get above 15fps.I spent most of my time trying to diagnose the problem with this game then actually playing it. The idea and customization is amazing and it really sucks that it is unplayable.  Hopefully they can get this fixed but with the lack of support I'm seeing it is doubtful.
76561198034178227,Not Recommended,493340,31170014,Posted: 15 April,all,Tiggens,"SAVE YOUR CASH!!!!  This game was AWESOME....at the start.  Once I was able to build a larger park, frame rate dropped to 1-10fps (and I don't have a sh** computer).  This game is completly UNPLAYABLE when you get a larger park.  Again...save your money or you will become frusterated! I have just sent a request for a refund (unfortunatly I played for 7 hours before it really became unbareable, hopefully they take that into accout)."
,Not Recommended,493340,28357236,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MadPsycho,Boring as ♥♥♥♥
76561198008162485,Not Recommended,493340,26700185,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,kirk.woll,"This game is unplayable on a 4k monitor.  Games *need* to provide a UI-upscaling option, and this game fails to do so.  Therefore, everything is extremely tiny, the text is impossible to read.  Also, for some reason, you can't change the resolution.  This is a complete fail by the developers, and as far as I'm concerned, this game is completely broken at this point."
,Not Recommended,493340,26674564,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,NiPeX,Can't get 60 FPS on lowest settings with a 980Ti
76561198351007448,Not Recommended,493340,28486403,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,DianeC15,i cant get on this game helip
76561198251268924,Not Recommended,493340,27966417,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Flare,Planet coaster is a massive improvement from roller coaster tycoon 3!!! good job frontier
76561198342205038,Not Recommended,493340,32662006,Posted: 22 June,all,javo4k,After reading all the great reviews I decided to purchase this game. I am a HUGE fane of the Roller COaster Tycoon series. Truthfully I can't really review this game because I CAN'T FIGURE OUT HOW TO PLAY IT. The controls are VERY complicated. I cant even figure out how to change the camera angles and the developers didn't deem it fitting to include a tutorial. The game is VERY HARD TO FIGURE OUT! It takes all the enjoyment out of it for me. I DO NOT RECOMMEND IN IT's CURRENT STATE.
76561198407737979,Not Recommended,493340,33884062,Posted: 29 July,all,fluffycheeseballs;],horrible game to hard to control i dont get why i was dumb enough to pay £30 for this game and i want a refund and that dosent work either thanks steam
76561198306736414,Not Recommended,493340,33929713,Posted: 31 July,all,klaasanjavanhouten,"I dont like it, my screen is red/blue.can somewan help me"
76561198352553124,Not Recommended,493340,28479114,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,darthspiderman2099,"The controls for the game are awkward, and terrible to the point where it's almost unplayable, having to switch between movement types is a terrible design decision. DO NOT buy the game unless you have enough patience to spend hours learning how to even move."
76561198072631727,Not Recommended,493340,29497814,Posted: 26 January,all,Judy,"This game cost me full price, but now less than half price,just two months.This is cheat"
76561198001216556,Not Recommended,493340,32789087,Posted: 25 June,all,Bin Power,"First Game I've ever had to refund, game was unplayable on Laptop"
,Not Recommended,493340,26724424,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Drunk Rip making fondant bows,"After all the hype I had for this game, I was very disapointed with it. Gameplay, looks amazing, as do the graphics, and actual mechanics. Unfortunately, I was not able to fully experience it. On the lowest settings, the framerate would not hit 60 fps. This was with a skylake I7, and a GTX 1070. It looks like I will be returning this game."
76561198333844948,Not Recommended,493340,26673532,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Natchosnat,This is such a good game but cant play it for more than 5 mins without it crashing plz fix
,Not Recommended,493340,26700461,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Pip,Game kept crashing for whatever reason. Asked for a refund.System:CPU: Core i7-3700GFX: GeForce GTX 1070 MSI Gaming 8GBRAM: 8GBOS: Windows 10 64-bitCannot obviously recommend. The game also lagged quite a lot... :(
76561198323432673,Recommended,493340,26650118,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,s.curzon85xx,"FIX IT ITS BROKEN OR AT LEAST SAY ITS BROKEN, Good game other than all ur bugs."
76561198298145475,Not Recommended,493340,31115838,Posted: 13 April,all,Lucky Pierre,"While this game is probably a great game, I grew up playing Roller Coaster Tycoon and still play it every now and then to this day. I was hopeful Planet Coaster would be a continuation of that game, but with updated graphics, new rides, new parks, etc.While this game has all of that, it just didn't feel like the same game. It kind of felt like more time was spent on state of the art graphics and detail versus game play and mechanics.  If they kept the game 2D, I think it would be more enjoyable, especially from a management and building perspective, which is what I care about the most.In conclusion, if you're in your late 20s or 30s and were a diehard RCT 1 and RCT 2 fanatic, you're probably not going to like this game so I don't recommend it to you. If you're new to these kinds of games, you'll probably love it and I'll give a recommendation for to you."
76561198014376384,Not Recommended,493340,26682389,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,WATG,"I want to like this, it looks incredible. Personally, I experienced poor performance and game breaking visual bugs. Additionally, frustrating pathing (spent 15 mins trying to connect a queue line to main path to no avail). The game said it was obstructed despite there literally being no obstructions and no elevation difference. Literally no reason they shouldn't have connected. If you can't connect rides or have THAT hard a time doing it, it's just not worth it.I can't recommend it in its current state given my experience. But given what others have experienced maybe you'll have better luck."
76561198151410773,Not Recommended,493340,34350796,Posted: 19 August,all,Zeemo Evo,"because of tencent,the beach company,not the game"
,Not Recommended,493340,33797507,Posted: 25 July,all,constantine0989,Don't waste your money on this game! It is impossible to stay in business on challenge mode. I have tried numerous times and failed. I have went online and looked for advice and every time I lose money. Stci to Roller Coaster Tycoon. This game is beatiful and runs great. But you will get ticked off and frustrated everytime you play it.
76561198160304441,Not Recommended,493340,33791446,Posted: 25 July,all,CyrealRD,"This is absolute BS. i tried to play this game through mac via parallels and it said that no suitable display drivers were avalible, even though i had them to the f#@$ing max update. Dont buy if you think you can bypass it with bootcamp or parallels. just wait for them to implement mac versions, which they probably will never f$*@ing do."
,Not Recommended,493340,28263418,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,CKS - cs.money,Poor interface
,Not Recommended,493340,32600332,Posted: 20 June,all,paulbowerbank409,would not load..... UNINSTALL
,Not Recommended,493340,28391243,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,AlphaAsh,"Messy controls and camera. Assumed everyone has a middle-mouse button. Again. I don't. Also, look up 'tooltips' and 'tutorial'. These are things that help prevent a player getting frustrated within minutes of starting your game and then uninstalling it."
76561198309663635,Not Recommended,493340,28843426,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TheInsanePaco,THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥ YOU CANT MOVE CAMERA ANGLE SIMPLY. ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,493340,31178291,Posted: 16 April,all,SOLOQ_EIGHT POOL_VRAU,"I'm really disappointed with the game. In the hype, I got to play for something around 6 hours, then the problems started. Even with the afterburner my video card started to fry resulting in the blue screen or when I try to save the game, it simply crashes the video card driver. I really enjoyed the game, but these two problems are making me think of refound the game. It's too expensive to keep something that is not totally playable. I have games that are heavier than that and dont give me any problems."
,Not Recommended,493340,28104481,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,☆★☆★ Mako ★☆★☆,Simply poorly written! This game handle memory like ZHIT! I have a 32GB of RAM and this took over 3GB to run it...I tried to enjoy the game... but no! Somehow the game always like freezing itself in the middle of the game... So NO! not recommend to anyone until they fix their ZHIT!
76561198262359065,Not Recommended,493340,32270804,Posted: 8 June,all,joeyschiro2006,will not start for me its junk
76561198356464409,Not Recommended,493340,28694871,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,zombiekiller3396,"The game WON'T work! it says loading planet coaster but then nothing happens and I can't play it! I payed $38.00 and the game doesn't work. I requested a refund and haven't even got one yet. If you're planning to buy planet coaster, buy with caution!"
,Not Recommended,493340,33275641,Posted: 5 July,all,111,When you make a park and get around 2000 guests. You have about 20 fps. If you have a i7 gtx 1080 stuff like that. You will still have 20 fps. Dont buy this game its not worth the money.
76561198031162606,Not Recommended,493340,28465537,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Valensia,"I really don't understand the high ratings. The game is good looking but it lacks in content. Most important of all, I don't like the coaster builder at all. Its not intuitive and not easy.I would rate this game 5/10"
,Not Recommended,493340,28552826,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Le Chevalier d'argent,"Rather bland, may consider re-purchasing when more developed and cheaper"
,Not Recommended,493340,26651332,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Spatzl,"-Invert mouse for free cam - fine-No invert mouse for normal ingame cam. Free cam switches to normal cam, when you build something. Seriously, this can't be true!"
76561198143767286,Not Recommended,493340,28138053,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,avdrones,Planet bug
76561198349423711,Not Recommended,493340,35184739,Posted: 24 September,all,nubnebula,i had this game but it got removed from my library
,Not Recommended,493340,28612186,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LilRoseNinja,"its a good game, if you only want to play now and then other wise for me only lasts 30mins and I get bored of it.I cannot click the yes to recommend due to the fact that the management system is clunky, the camera controlls are too sensitive even when you have changed them and there is no its alright button to click."
,Not Recommended,493340,28212750,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,TheFreyMaster,"Game crashes every 20 minutes and I lose all my progress.  Until it's fixed, can't recommend this game.Edit: June 25 2017Still love this game, tons of fun, but game crashed every few minutes.  Still can't recomment until its mildly fixed unfortunately.  Such an amazing game tarnished by crashing :("
76561198063005477,Not Recommended,493340,28172038,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,dylsmith,Not the rollercoaster tycoon style game I was hoping for.
76561198115927424,Not Recommended,493340,27703388,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mikeinva2,Game no longer works. Looks like I wasted 45 dollars on a game that no longer works because every time I go to launch it the game now crashes. Once again I want my money back because I'm NOT willing to go through another problem like I did last month with fernbus coach simulator.
,Not Recommended,493340,26719890,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,DedByDragon,I would be pretty good If it didnt crash all the time.
,Recommended,493340,26713183,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Tabby Slime,"DISCLAIMER:Please read the full review until commentingWelcome to lag simulator for bad laptops 2016, where the game freezes or crashes every 2-20 minutes!Well, if you have a computer like me.It's hard to get good parts for your computer in the far far range.But seriously,DON'Tbuy this game if you don't have a PC specifically made for gaming.If you do want a REAL roller coaster tycoon, play some classicRoller Coaster Tycoongames.Now I hope I get a refund...EDIT: Whoops, I forgot. The gameplay is great, you guys in the comments are right. The only thing bad about it is that it's missing some small features (such as popping balloons). But if you do have a good computer, buy it. Now if only there was a it depends feature for ""do you recommend this game."""
,Not Recommended,493340,28418179,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Rowan,"I bought this product and returned it later, with only about an hours gameplay, but I feel I need to mention this since it's not clear when buying. The game doesn't help you learn the controls and tool kit much, making it somewhat confusing. To be blatant, I returned it because the pathing system in the game is so frustrating to work with and because using the terrain and creation tools frustrated me to no ends.All in all, I'd say it's probably a good game if you can deal with the tools they give you, but if you want more building freedom for your park and your pathing you might be better of going back to the Rollercoaster Tycoon games."
,Not Recommended,493340,30980666,Posted: 6 April,all,Creativeworks,"Rct3 is just better, more content, water parks, fire works, Zoos ect ect ..It looks better - Sure but very basic next to Rct3.Alot of hype around this title, and it really is just hype. Good game but not great.I had tested a large park with no guests -- 13 FPS! This game has not been optimized, do not let anyone tell you otherwise.My Rig is on the high end - I7-4790 - 16GB - Gtx 1070 Oc. Should not be on 13 frams.Refund sent .."
76561198335309177,Not Recommended,493340,26665573,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,violaman1973,It has crashed 5 times and I haven't built anything yet.  I can't figure out the controls.  Right now I am feeling ripped off.  What can I do to get the game to work and figure out how to use the controls.  Not as intuitive as I thought it would be.
76561198356551792,Not Recommended,493340,30314265,Posted: 4 March,all,nicky40218,"I am an experienced gamer and have played many tycoon and sim type games over the years. Never, and I mean ever, have I had such issues with controls in a game. I played for three hours and frustatingly couldn't manage them and didn't get past the first level. Unfortunately, that extra hour cost me a refund. I HATE THIS GAME. It was nearly a $50 waste of my hard earned dollars. Obviously, it was misreprented in reviews and the vidoes via PAID beta's! Especially since it was only offered via Steam. I was a fan of Valve and played and loved all the Half Life games. But Steam, I can't stand. My son likes to play on Steam and I gave it one last chance. No big surprise here with the  let down and deceit. I am NOT the only one having control issues. Bet. Big. Money!"
76561198024312659,Not Recommended,493340,33436203,Posted: 10 July,all,I aint girl,"freaking boring game, wasting my money!"
,Not Recommended,493340,29409287,Posted: 21 January,all,andychives,"This game was HORRIBLE. I would compare it to Rollercoaster Tycoon ONE. The game had no depth. Place coaster, done game over. The graphics were good. Ill give it that. There was no creative aspect to it. The game HUD was poorly laid out. This game is a 0/10. Got a refund.  The descriptions of what this game does did not match what the game did. Its a No Man Sky if ever there was one."
76561198027323054,Not Recommended,493340,29019955,Posted: 4 January,all,Ryobi Master,I thought it would be good but it is not quite my cup of tea.
,Not Recommended,493340,27264516,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,macgregorlimpbizket_85,cant load it up  anyone have a email to conplain ?
,Not Recommended,493340,35078196,Posted: 19 September,all,DoctorChocolate,"Download Unreal Engine 4 for FREE terrain editing and asset placement with even better controls and interface!After 200 hours you'll have your very own video game, instead of a big fancy diorama."
,Not Recommended,493340,26673075,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,梅毒ー様 RubberduckzillA,"All technical issues asside the game is lacking if you are looking for apark management sim.Lack of rides and variety, lack of food shops, you can rename the foodshop btu the interior is exactly the same. You can have 1 ride in a park and let the money roll in. No carnival rides or attractions lack of coaster types, AI issues... Ecverything I thought would be included as standard thanks to the old RCT games is not there.If you are looking for a game that lets you create stuff without it actually being 100% realistic to real world physics etc, this is the game for you as long as you have an I7 CPU as even on a 980TI I7 3770k 16GB DDR3 RAM machine I drop to 30fps and lower in some parks.If you are after anything remotely like RCT2 management wise or even 3 you will still be waiting..."
,Not Recommended,493340,28803745,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,xcoolfellerXx,i was bored the second i got in
76561197964296964,Not Recommended,493340,26698038,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Polar Bear,The controls are simply too terrible to make getting into this game possible for me.
,Not Recommended,493340,26698110,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Albatross,I'm disappointed by the controls. Every control seems to be linked to another so that resetting one keybind changes several.  I should be able to set each one separately.
76561198172881334,Not Recommended,493340,30038726,Posted: 19 February,all,morra di,its very difficult and bad economy
76561198053549895,Not Recommended,493340,28133648,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,BigBoyMJ,Couldn't play the game more than 5 minutes until it would crash.
,Not Recommended,493340,26650236,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,XDeadzX,"Update: I've now played about 7 hours total into the game and practiced with the landscaping tools.  The rest of the review still stands, but I'd like to add a few things.The coaster builder is intuitive until it's not.  By that, I mean it's click and drag buttons and they work as you'd expect them to, most of the time.  Sometimes perspective makes them not function as you'd want, and they are basically just invisible slider bars, which I don't understand why we can't just have the option for the 'easier-to-adapt-from-older-games' slider bar implementation.  With that said, the coaster builder is great as soon as you get past that.  Truly a ""No Limits lite"" on the coaster simulation which is fantastic.Next point, the camera is extremely clunky when trying to manage tunnels.  This makes underground building frustrating, and often times large scale buildings too.  This has not interfered directly with coaster building other than the heads-clipping-through-ground problem.And again, the simulation/tycoon/management portion of this game is extremely lackluster.  The first two challenge maps were both achieved by basically ignoring everything and making pretty stuff.  I dropped in flat rides and made them pretty, and placed workers and forgot about them.  They tried to add depth with promotions/pay rates, but it is ineffective.____It feels more like a landscaping simulator with great coasters and minor park management added in.  It's not a Tycoon game, it's a very visually pleasing display of coasters and scenery.  Over the 4 hours I've played, the game has been very tedious to play and the fun parts have been very few and far between.Maybe the game just isn't for me, but after all the hype I've had for it, the final product leaves a lot left to be desired.  There is very little ""place and go"" with the game, and no incentive to promote guest activities but rather make the prettiest park you can, because guests appreciate visuals more than they do actually doing stuff.  Even food and drink are better off stylized, because peeps prefer a more expensive burger sold in a fancy shop to a cheaper burger in a plain store, even when both burgers are literally the same thing.Overall, if all you want to do is make pretty things, this game is the prettiest thing creator on the market.  But it is not the best Tycoon replacement, and it's not a replacement for RCT3 in anything but age.  This game is about half way between No Limits 2 and RCT3, seemingly leaning more towards an easier to use No Limits 2.Here's some extra information too:  My game runs wonderfully.  I do not have the massive framerate problems other people complain about.  I get 30-40 fps very consistently, on a mix between medium and ultra settings at 1080p.  I have an AMD 1090t, AMD Fury, and 16gb of ram. That is not my issue with the game.  I also find the variety of rides to be suitable, which other people are complaining about.  My complaints with the game are not the ""common"" complaints."
76561198312408747,Not Recommended,493340,26728896,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,jgrnick03,it wont work its stuck on the developer page when u first start up the game
76561197960360916,Not Recommended,493340,26688321,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,colorflo,"I really looked forward to this one, unfortunately I'm rather dissapointed.Positive:- The game looks great- Sound design is really niceNegative:- Controls are simply awfull. It's the most un-intuitive game I have played in a while. Sure it's great to have the absolute freedom over how my coasters looks like but if you have to adjust 4 things for every single piece of track it's just a giant pain. Same goes for the path tool.- Performance could be better. I'm running this on a high end system and the pc sounds like it's running BF1 on Ultra-Settings.I really hope they work on the controls so it becomes more fun and doesn't just look good."
76561197995741415,Not Recommended,493340,26701315,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Teromous,The control system is jacked up. The moment you map a mouse+movement control (like changing pan/tilt/etc) you lose your ability to click anything in the game with the mouse. The path building system is screwed up and you end up with paths going wildly all over the place making it look like a spaghetti factory instead of a clean park. The game should still be in beta. Buy it in a year when they fix it...
76561198295753439,Not Recommended,493340,28647095,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,siboneybeach,This game crashed way to much. I want my money back. I want a refund!
76561198159896169,Not Recommended,493340,30625899,Posted: 19 March,all,vmcdowell08,"Playing this on a laptop is near impossible, controls don't work for it, and when you try to set it so they will all the controls get confused and merge together then stop working I just got this game and hate it because I cannot get the camera controls to work properly."
76561198036925964,Not Recommended,493340,29507907,Posted: 26 January,all,GameOfthrow,只玩了5小时 妈的突然降价 差评！！
76561198344152153,Not Recommended,493340,28438921,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,amanda.capan,THIS GAME CRASHES CONSTANTLY... IT WONT EVEN LET ME GET 5 MINS INTO THE GAME WITHOUT CRASHING! !!!!! DO NOT BUY
76561197962249233,Not Recommended,493340,26652610,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Njuk,"I asked a refund.The game is perfect for any creator/artist that would like a sandbox, but it's very bad for any player that is looking for a simulation or a management game with a real challenge."
,Not Recommended,493340,26687552,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,⎝Stevepunk⎠,"I want to build my own park in career mode but this is not possible.I can only play a pre-built park in career mode or I can make my own park in sandbox mode with unlimited money.I want to make my own park, dammit, with profits and losses.I thought this would be like Theme Park.I guess I was wrong."
,Not Recommended,493340,28542244,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,LuciferousDeeds,"This game would be amazing if it allowed me to pick up a park where I left off. Every time I try to load a saved park, it just gives me an error. Not to mention that the game is incredibly slow on the lowest graphic settings and hardly anything in my park. Please get these things fixed. I didn't pay 45 bucks just so I could lose my mind every time I try to play it."
76561198351303638,Not Recommended,493340,28597648,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,AnthonyCreepers,I keep crashing by doing anything in the game it sucks
76561198115072288,Not Recommended,493340,31761069,Posted: 14 May,all,troy.youngren,This game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t as are several games I've paid good money for from Steam. I can't get it to play on my computer. It's very annoying. I spent a lot of money on this computer. To have these and other Steam games not work on it is really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.
76561198053286136,Not Recommended,493340,29387366,Posted: 20 January,all,Del Griffith,Its Just Bad and Way to expensive
76561198000306968,Not Recommended,493340,26665516,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Baeka,"Game launched without a way to go first person and walk around.Game also launched with clunky controls, and without the first person mode, it feels not worth it."
76561198116350180,Not Recommended,493340,28726897,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,mgassma,"After being very excited about this game for weeks, I returned it within 30 minutes of downloading.  The game is impossible to play without sitting at a table or desk and using a mouse, and I just don't enjoy gaming that way.I would love to play if they configured the game to be playable with just a laptop keyboard and mousepad, but as it stands it looks like I will have to stick to my old RCT games (which despite being ancient don't have any gameplay compatability issues with my setup)."
76561197966620466,Not Recommended,493340,26653500,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MrWofu,"Wait until bugs are fixedNo idea if the game is good or not, I haven't gotten it to run yet.I will update the review when they eventually fix this.You check the currently reported bugs on their forum:https://forums.planetcoaster.com/forumdisplay.php/37-Bug-Reports"
76561198241850230,Not Recommended,493340,28814351,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Hengmo,it is really hard i dont reccomend it
76561198177705313,Not Recommended,493340,28367079,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RED,THE GAME CHASES ALL THE TIME
,Not Recommended,493340,26683341,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,eswarek,it keeps on traping WHYYYYYYYY Frontier WHYYYYYY!!!!!
,Not Recommended,493340,35201609,Posted: 25 September,all,hellcase.com | Prf Severus Snape,"RELLY U PAY AROUND S$58.00 AND U NEED TO PAY AGHAIN S$27.50 TO  PLAY ""DLC""the game wes good in graphic and game play but i think rct 3 more fun to play then this game"
,Not Recommended,493340,31260260,Posted: 20 April,all,ucapture2020,"♥♥♥♥♥ waste of money, ♥♥♥♥ing confusing and contols are♥♥♥♥♥♥ id rether play RCT 3"
76561198159940334,Not Recommended,493340,35141083,Posted: 22 September,all,ritz0563,Game is horse poop!
76561197984771179,Not Recommended,493340,26665963,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,aiyel,"In its current state, the game suffers from an amazing array of glitches and flaws.I have, however, NEVER been disappointed in a Frontier amusement park sim (not even Thrillville), so I expect it will be hammered into shape in short order.I don't recommend yet, give it a few weeks or so for the first round of launch patches.  I'll reevaluate this review at such time.NOT refunding, excercising a little faith."
,Not Recommended,493340,26677681,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ekrow,Can't wait for those DLC to get more than 4 rides per category.Even RCT1 had more.
76561198302220503,Not Recommended,493340,31140221,Posted: 14 April,all,christian.nona,Its bad for laptops and i only played for 15 minutes and i couldnt do anything and i cant get a refund
,Not Recommended,493340,28848581,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,crazyfrog,ok so i was gonna play this game until if ound out this is az RIPOFF of rollerCoaster Tycoon World Do not Buy!!!!!
76561198237889224,Not Recommended,493340,29365594,Posted: 19 January,all,vita,i didint like it so i refunded it no money back :c
,Not Recommended,493340,26664605,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Gone Oh!™,"*UPDATE*Unfortunately ended up refunding this. Hopefully when I look back into it in a couple months all the kinks will be worked out. Here's hoping you have better luck than I did if you buy this.---Original Review---Of the 1,500 user reviews for this game less than 50 are negative. That should tell you something right there.It really is quite something, this is to RollerCoaster Tycoon what Cities Skylines is to Sim City.I'm giving it a negative review because of the performance issues the game is having. Given the overwhelmingly positive reception Planet Coaster is receiving you may not notice just how many people are having performance issues. Check the Steam discussions and you will see people with i7s, 32gb ram, and gtx 1070s being unable to achieve a stable 30fps ON AN EMPTY PARK.Meanwhile you will also see people getting stable fps over 40 with i5s, 8gb ram, and gtx 970s on loaded parks with over a thousand guests.Personally, I can't even run the game at 1920x1080 on lowest settings and get much more than a semi-stable 20fps. This is an improvement though; just yesterday in the beta I was barely getting 15fps.I have faith that Planet Coaster will receive some more optimizations. When that day comes I will definitely update this review.Until then, buyer beware. It's really hit or miss that you'll be able to run this game."
76561198167108918,Not Recommended,493340,28693733,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mr troll/mr krabs,hated it
76561198282004788,Not Recommended,493340,26764863,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,amanda.crown03,this sucks
,Not Recommended,493340,34328067,Posted: 18 August,all,xX4BZXx,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!This game was a personal favourtie game for me because i usto watch videos of this game. I asked my dad to buy this game and he did. When he bought the game after a few days the game was always crashing, idk why, whenever i made a really good rollercoaster the game would chrash and my rollercoaster progress would go down the toilet! I have written tothe devs to fix the game but all they do is add new stuff and totally do the stuff opposite of what i want! also this game doesnt have a auto save feature so when my game does crash it doesnt save!This is why you should waste £30.00 for a crappy game that crashes 24/7.Rating: 0.00000001/10GO and buy another game because this game is absolute pile sh*t!!!!!"
76561198307916033,Not Recommended,493340,29386759,Posted: 20 January,all,wonnac00,WARNING:DO NOT BUY THE GAME IT IS TO SLOW AND IT SHOWS ALL THE BLURPRINTS ON THE SREEN YOU CANT ROTATE BUILDINGS AND ITS A WAASTE OF MONEY ... 3/10 I PREFER GAME DEV TYCOON OR ROCKET LEAUGE
76561198009213611,Not Recommended,493340,26708887,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,MarkWahlberg,This game would have been more interesting if it was actually about coasters for planets.
76561198035581417,Not Recommended,493340,34425583,Posted: 22 August,all,Mr Meeseeks look at me,-10/10
76561198221070840,Not Recommended,493340,28621106,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,shudgins062,I recently bought this game and I am very disappointed. First of all it cost $38 for full version. Then it took 6 to 7 hours to download to my computer. I was so excited to play it but right when I started in the sandbox mode the game crashed. I have tried to play it several times but every time I try to lay a path down the game crashes! I hope some other people are having the same problem so it will be fixed.
76561198268302300,Not Recommended,493340,26728607,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,WhiteWolf,Unfinished and unoptimized.Nuff said.
76561198057274269,Not Recommended,493340,32696510,Posted: 23 June,all,AkumaBeast,This game is just boring. You start a new empty map and you get so little money it is just a boring wait without any challenge.Really bad game design which made me refund the game.
,Not Recommended,493340,29963782,Posted: 16 February,all,Krosty Rules,"Kinda lame and overpriced, an instant regret really..."
76561198150043224,Not Recommended,493340,27684172,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ericsson,The game just lagg and it comes soem red strips on my screan that sosent go away just play it if u gota an god computore dn want'ts to trow away 40 euro fore 1 eouer off fun and rest enyment!
76561198337584913,Not Recommended,493340,26677775,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,huss.hamdan,always crashing never even starded the game
76561198149620606,Not Recommended,493340,29340225,Posted: 18 January,all,Speed,"The game is so awesome, and i love it, but the only problem is my pc"
,Not Recommended,493340,26653145,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Atilla the Hut,"I'm not sure if my Laptop is just incapable of running this game or if it just likes to troll me, but it crashes heavily before I can really do anything. I had huge hopes for this game and bought it on release, I've been really enjoying watching the youtube series people are doing on it and was looking forward to making my own park. The furthest I've made it without a crash is entering the first scenario. For those wondering I have a 6th gen Intel Core i7 processor, a Nvidia Geforce GTX950M graphics card and 8GB of RAM. If your specs are equivalent to that or worse, I'd recommend other simulators because this one will cost you in excess of £500 due to having to buy a PC capable of running it!(Though I will play it on a home PC when I'm not at university, but that limits me to only holiday times, which really sucks!)"
,Not Recommended,493340,30185201,Posted: 25 February,all,Fussy Ribbons,Doesn't give instructions. I hate it. Give me ****ing instructions!
76561198079368117,Not Recommended,493340,28444771,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,jjrg07,Game keeps crashing absolutley ridiculous! DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,493340,32728676,Posted: 24 June,all,ZiSk0,refunded this game because I didnt like itpro: -looks good-many new items and ideascon: -controlls are♥♥♥♥♥♥-no help for beginners-maps are♥♥♥♥♥♥-gameplay overall♥♥♥♥♥
76561198256536608,Not Recommended,493340,28521658,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,lucasgamer,Every 5 minutes it CASHES and its STUPID!! ): If they fix the crashes then i recomend this
76561198027296929,Not Recommended,493340,32748617,Posted: 24 June,all,EGGS,Game is unintuitive and is a failure as a successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon. Played for 30 minutes and spent the majority of it making an ugly avatar and Googling how to rotate objects. What a joke. Bored to tears. Requested a refund.
76561198348272203,Not Recommended,493340,28644695,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,rhysjex,this game is not working. help me.....or i want my money back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,493340,26682406,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Big0littleo,pay 60$ for nothing but black screen?
76561198350235919,Not Recommended,493340,28224018,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Bantabus-_-,Can anybody help me because I have DirectX12 but planet coaster is only allowing DirectX11
,Not Recommended,493340,26718581,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,bxbyprincess,runs like crap and crashes as soon as i try to fix it :)
76561198284426452,Not Recommended,493340,29517221,Posted: 27 January,all,mattamazingballz,Yeah it has the potential to allow you to build an amazing park....yeah it looks beautiful.....yeah it's mechanically balanced.....but still....Just didn't like it. I don't have a reason. I loved the RCtycoon series....just didn't like this...haha..what can I say...
,Not Recommended,493340,31195360,Posted: 17 April,all,𝓢𝓪𝓴𝓾𝓻𝓪,Not for Mac.Suck it.
,Not Recommended,493340,33380106,Posted: 8 July,all,SekerPlayz,Terrible
76561198123173169,Not Recommended,493340,28494612,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,log,Can i have my money back?
76561197988691476,Not Recommended,493340,26649642,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,[FC]OnboardG1,"There are some games that leave you with such a favourable first impression that you're happy to neglect their flaws and enjoy them for what they are. This is not one of those games. I've not played a Coaster Tycoon game in at least ten years and I was hoping to have a reasonable re-introduction from the genre via a decent tutorial. First I had to change the interface size from ""Unreadably Tiny"" to ""Readably Tiny"" via ""Large enough to read but too big to scale correctly to the screen size"". This was frustrating and unnecessary. The UI isn't awful but having to scale something that should autoscale correctly to a size that is suitable for use without a pair of binoculars is not on.The main menu presented three tutorial videos. None of which were especially informative (fifteen minutes of total content with about six minutes of actual information). Suitably armed with sod all I figured that the first campaign mission would be a tutorial type mission. Surely there would be some nice text to guide me through setting up my first park? I mean, I'd struggle to read it but at least I'd have a starting point. But no, I was dumped into a small, functional park with about as much idea of how to proceed as the plastic pirate propping up the rollercoaster. I worked out how to drop a toilet block down (the game didn't tell me to do this, it just reflected my mindset at the time) and stared at it for a bit. Welcome to commode world, try our many varieties of crapper.""A-ha,"" I thought in my lavatorial fugue, ""this must be an older school game than I gave it credit for. Maybe there's a whacking great 400 page manual like Falcon 4.0 had that I can spend a couple of days devouring before I play. A quick check of the steam page did not reveal anything, so I consulted papa google. Top hit is a forum post from March that tells me that the Alpha is starting. We are saved. I resorted to asking on the Reddit discord page for PC and got directed to a Youtube video where a member of the game community tells me about angle snapping and how to insert myself into the head of a customer while being interrupted every four minutes by Audi adverts.I can imagine there's a solid simulation game under here somewhere. I can maybe stretch to there being some interesting management underpinning the sad, grey lavatory block I dropped from the sky next to the octopus ride. But for the life of me I can't figure it out. The game has no desire to teach me how to play it, and I resent having to go trawling Youtube for a video that teaches me the basics of the interface. Even Crusader Kings II tried to explain what all the buttons do, even if it failed badly to explain just about anything else. A new player experience this poor is just too big a stumbling block for me. It leaves a horrible impression and makes me think that the developers were too caught up making minute adjustments to track camber to remember that they're making a game. Can't recommend in the current state."
,Not Recommended,493340,31129548,Posted: 13 April,all,CrawDog802,"Haven't even been able to play the game, uninstalled many times and reinstalled. crashes on startup."
,Not Recommended,493340,26651972,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,HitMan77,"The simulation side for amusement park and sandbox is great in my short time playing.  I will keep it brief on why I opted out of this game for a refund:-  Moving around the park and zooming is very tedious to a point it becomes a irritation when placing rides/buildings.-  As others have said this is not a true tycoon style game.  With one hour of play time and only one extra ride placed, my money went to over $20k without any park management skills.  If you are just interested in park creation and creativity this is a great game if that appeals to you.  The themes and graphics are superb.-  Litter alerts with 3 handymen on 1st map.  I zoomed in and didn't find many full trash bins or litter on the ground but 40% of the guest complain about litter.-  Always complaints about long lines so queue management doesn't always work."
,Not Recommended,493340,30989514,Posted: 6 April,all,Adi,It really wasn't that good. I played it for less then a hour and it just boring
76561198366170843,Not Recommended,493340,30280411,Posted: 2 March,all,RAGIRAG,crappppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp
,Not Recommended,493340,30735272,Posted: 25 March,all,Air_Force_Pilot22,Worst Game ever. It is so hard to make Roller Coasters.I want a Refund.
76561198050828081,Not Recommended,493340,26650582,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Buzzard,"I love this game and its concept but its performance flaws are too much to handle. When building rides, even if on an empty map, I receive under 20 fps the whole time and it is infuriating as my pc was able of acheiving 140 fps when I wasn't building anything. Cannot reccommend until performance updates are released in the future, sooner rather than later hopefully"
76561198252922496,Not Recommended,493340,28241343,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,PandaManJr,...
76561198320824487,Not Recommended,493340,28668632,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DragonflameIII,.
76561198068968855,Not Recommended,493340,26683760,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,JyCS,"I don't have fun, despite of fact I like this kind of game... No soul... Oh, and this satanic sh*t ask personal informations 2 times in 2 minutes. No one of the ""idiocraty"" here can understand, that's freemason sh*t huh ?"
,Not Recommended,493340,28628657,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Juwn,this game gives you no help and sucks♥♥♥♥
76561198323337773,Not Recommended,493340,33142258,Posted: 2 July,all,lordfondue,"I was so pumped when I bought planet coaster, but right when I was starting up this game it crashed and froze my computer  for 3 days. When I finally figured out how to unfreeze my computer, I tried again to play Planet Coaster.  Big mistake it happened again.  In short, DO NOT BUY PLANET COASTER!!"
,Not Recommended,493340,31046208,Posted: 9 April,all,DankSouls,"This Game is Bad The camera Is Godawful And some things like just placing a road  abd connecting it to another road is just overcomplicated i feel bad for my mom that gifted this to me Becuase this game is just so Bad it took me about five minutes to get used to the camera bbecuase using rightclick and middle mouse to turn and zoom is just a incomvience and is overturning almost every time i try to use it, There's also so much unrealism in this game Like how if you place down a hat shop or ballon shop All customers will go to the Hat shop Ignoring all the other needs, there is also nothing hard in this game  Once you get a Coaster or two you can get a load and pay it off in about 2 minutes (Overexaderaiton) But really I played about 10 minutes of this game and was getting motion sickness In about 7 So im waiting for a refund, Not reccomended,2/10"
76561197976333824,Not Recommended,493340,26651706,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,agreeksailor,"Do not buy this game, it features 3rd party DRM. Specifically Denovu. I made the mistake of forgetting to check for 3rd party DRM and am requesting a refund on my purchase. Don't make the mistake of putting this junk on your system. Gameplay doesn't matter when it comes to any form of extra DRM. I don't support it and I strongly do not recommend this game to anybody for that reason.Edit:I need to add something here apparently for those of you who don't know. If you change your operating system or your hardware in your computer this DRM works by making you prove that you have the right to use this software. Now, if you don't have internet access for some reason this means that you wont be playing this game until you do. So, why am I trolling on this game with this DRM? Because if you have spotty internet access, live in the country, live at sea, travel a lot, upgrade your computer often, or are like me then you probably wont be too happy about what this DRM does and means for consumers then you probably will be stung by it later. Seriously, research what this DRM is before condeming me a troll. I find this DRM to be just as bad as any DRM that can get between a user and the software they paid for and I will absolutely fight for consumer rights to not have a disadvantaged experience in the pursuit of stopping pirates. If fighting pirates makes for a bad experience for even one customer then that fight has been too expensive."
76561198332244637,Not Recommended,493340,26684002,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,jessyjbabot,a bad game. ive been waiting 2 MONTHS to play it and it keeps crashing  don't play this game. THE WINDOW DIDNT EVEN open and it crashed.
,Not Recommended,493340,26646457,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,robau,"For me Planet Coaster is probably one of the biggest disappointments this year. The game does not click with me at all, and let me explain why.Sandbox games are awesome, you are the creator of the game world, and that is a great feature but only when it's accompanied by a solid gameplay, and interesting mechanics. Unfortunately Planet Coaster is in my opinion a step back. What I saw in the pre-release streams, and videos turned out to be true, even though I really didn't want to acknowledge that at first, and I purchased the thrillseeker edition of the game.Calling Planet Coaster a ""tycoon"" is an overstatement. The game is too easy, the money pours in, barely any management is required, and it causes the gameplay to be very dull. You're never going to fail, that leaves no space for any kind of challenge within the game.I believe that the reason behind that was to allow players to fully immerse themselves in creating rides, and environments, which is fine and I believe many of you will enjoy that a lot. For me, there's just not enough balance between the sandbox aspect of the game, and the ""game"" itself.It's a shame, I really wanted to enjoy PC as it was one of my most anticipated releases this year.If you buy this game for the sandbox aspect - go for it.If you want to buy this game for the tycoon aspect - you are going to be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,493340,28679192,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Related,boringdont playnot worth 29.99get like ark or something :)
,Not Recommended,493340,26649434,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,[LKW Tr.] Venomous Leo,Constantly Crashes when playing
,Not Recommended,493340,33072558,Posted: 1 July,all,Universal-Set,"I'm giving it a negative review, because it's completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a game like this doesn't even offer an option for different/inverted camera view.A certain similar game from freaking 1999 has done better than that."
76561198011471387,Not Recommended,493340,26699530,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,fergies_army,UNPLAYABLE - The camera/movement controls are so bad it makes the game unplayable.
76561197989807127,Not Recommended,493340,26651977,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Flightles,Game is almost unplayable on a top end system.I have a 980ti 6700k proc 32gigs of ram and the game tears like crazy.Tried reaching out for assistance but have yet to get any help.Ill review the game at a later date if these CPU load and graphical issues are addressed but for now dont buy.
,Not Recommended,493340,31192819,Posted: 16 April,all,Air,Dont buy this trash
76561198246125724,Not Recommended,493340,33151449,Posted: 2 July,all,Extra Lovable Muffin,trash
,Not Recommended,493340,26717840,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,F0RM4TION,0_0
76561198102080431,Not Recommended,493340,31147829,Posted: 14 April,all,Vladimir Stalin,"Hmm, would be nice IF I COULD ZOOM IN AND OUT WITH A LAPTOP. BUT NOPE, ONLY A SCROLL WHEEL. What a waste of money if I'm stuck with the zoom always the same."
76561198042019521,Not Recommended,493340,26675628,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,genesis9853,Playing the game on lowest settings overheats my cpu to the point the computer shuts down automatically......making the game unplayable.
,Not Recommended,493340,30452440,Posted: 11 March,all,Trust in the Lord,"No option to turn off the homosexual content. If I had known this content was in game and no option to turn off, I would not have bought.This will be my Last Frontier game purchase."
76561198175784077,Not Recommended,493340,26714784,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mad Season,+ It starts+ It's refundable10/10 Would refund again
76561197976419701,Not Recommended,493340,31127404,Posted: 13 April,all,b()n3$*,This game sucks they should never have made it.
76561198008299211,Not Recommended,493340,26665905,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BoseMensch,"Cannot play game at all. This game crashes EVERY TIME. Not just a crash to desktop, but the blue screen of death (BSOD). To even look at the forums on the developer website you have to create a profile and sign up for emails. Too bad. I was looking forward to this game. Now I'm asking for a refund."
76561198158473184,Not Recommended,493340,26647618,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Narcissistic Penguin,Thanks for making the game almost impossible to play if you dont have a super computer
,Not Recommended,493340,26648098,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,flappy,Trying to make a quick buck off RCT nostalgia. Devs are pure scum for doing that and the game isn't even good
76561198207918643,Recommended,493340,26766315,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ajfreed00,"This game is phenomenal. The graphics are absolutely stunning, and control over every aspect of the park is at your hands. Simulation is VERY well played, and there is a large selection of rides and coasters.I could go on and on about this game. If you like theme parks, and you have $45 laying around, DO NOT HESITATE. This game pays off within minutes."
76561198198123430,Recommended,493340,27209800,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,thijs BoSs,The best Rollercoaster game out there!!highly recommended
,Recommended,493340,26703941,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Дogg,I love it
,Recommended,493340,30700592,Posted: 24 March,all,XtraktOfficial,"When it comes to coasters and themeparks... that's ""Frontier-Land"" ;) Best coaster/themepark sim ever created and more to come! Congrats guys :)"
76561198083163467,Recommended,493340,30694808,Posted: 23 March,all,streyns,I love it i just wish i could play it on my mac too
76561198233666288,Recommended,493340,30603429,Posted: 18 March,all,RedRaptor ~ SKINHUB.com,it got boring in a bit for me but my friends showed me thier parks and i realized i wasnt that creative
76561198042693877,Recommended,493340,26647639,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Monlith,Best Theme Park builder in years!
76561198009535231,Recommended,493340,27107860,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NoFear,"Amazing game, one of the best communities aswell, steam workshop is filling up with some amazing designs that anyone with time and patience can create"
,Recommended,493340,27670286,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,THinesley,"This game is incredible. Not only are the graphics unreal, but the attention to detail in the gameplay, music, etc. is mind blowing. Next gen coaster building."
76561198018387257,Recommended,493340,27564749,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Siiri🌸,Best Coaster game in ages!
76561197997137462,Recommended,493340,30948597,Posted: 4 April,all,The Dude,"Pros: Game is beautifulThe level of detail that can be achieved is truly amazingCoaster building is very intuitive and not locked into the dates grid system allowing true freedom in buildingCons: Once you get to having a big park with a sizable amount of guests your frame rate will hang itself. Performance in bigparks is absolutely horrendous and I hope that this gets fixed soon.Auto connect on path making gets annoying sometimesManaging staff can be a tad annoying but that can only count if you're playing challenge mode or Campaign mode.Overall this game is the Theme Park Sim we've been waiting for since Roller coaster tycoon 3. It's gorgeous but technical issues can be a turn off for some who wish to see their Dream Parks run at a constant high frame rate, even with toptier specs the game lags badly."
,Recommended,493340,27543161,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,parkervcp,Tons of fun and the ability to sink time into the game on just designing buildings.
,Recommended,493340,26667683,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Xyster,"This game has exceeded my expectations. There's so much to do. There's so much flexibility. The availability of the workshop makes me drool. It is definitely a game I will be playing for a long time.Here's what I like:Awesome graphics for a theme park gameFlexibility of path and track placements, or not. You choose to snap to grid or have it free.Make your own buildingsAll the great things I remembered about RCT3 are inMusic selection, atmosphere, screams, cheers, balloons, hats, and the piles of wonderful trash because Janitor 1 hates his life.Color customization of everything that is importantChallenge mode with all the research, upgrading, park ratings, side challenges, loans, profit, or bankruptcy you can handleSandbox mode for testing, building, and saving blue prints. That's what I use it for, anyhow.Story mode for those that just want to jump in the game and learn some of the mechanics with a little challenge.First person view on rides and through peopleWhat I don't like:I have a GTX 970 and this game runs pretty smooth up until you twirl the camera around. It's just not that smooth. However, you can use the arrow keys or wasd keys to move around and it is fine.I was hoping to be able to walk around in my own theme park and experience it first hand. It might be a small thing, but I was a bit disappointed.Overall:This game is my new favorite and my new go to after work."
76561198072331168,Recommended,493340,27666171,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RuralPlacebo,Some weird building mechanics but a good game with a lot of potiential!
,Recommended,493340,27646818,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Swift,The Roller Coaster Tycoon of the modern times!
,Recommended,493340,27650741,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jorhood,"I should really study for that exam tomorrow...Oh look Planet Coaster, it won't hurt to just play an hour before I study.*A few hours later* Oh snap it's 1am!"
76561197965232611,Recommended,493340,27649661,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rodan,Love this game.
,Recommended,493340,27646620,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Noxx,stronk gaem imho
,Recommended,493340,27327742,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zMaC,Roller Coasrter Tycoon on steroids!
,Recommended,493340,27327825,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Not Cameron,Spent 45 minutes placing bushes. 10/10
76561198142473451,Recommended,493340,27334490,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mashley110,Amazing game
,Recommended,493340,27333646,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lyrakish,The proper sequel to RCT
,Recommended,493340,27332377,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,c0dyb,"really interesting so far, really amazing stuff coming out in the workshop"
76561198073875467,Recommended,493340,27332891,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NoeNero,Hands down better than rollercoaster tycoon world
,Recommended,493340,27338538,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DrozdB4Hoes,One of the best Roller Coaster games I've ever played
,Recommended,493340,27338797,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Erathar,good
76561198181672817,Recommended,493340,27338984,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,devilman_100,A truely amazing game!
,Recommended,493340,27341226,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Yuma Kuga,Pretty much what you've ever wanted in a modern Theme Park World. There are some minor issues but otherwise this is a fantastic game.
76561198294056376,Recommended,493340,27314714,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheEliteGoatWizard,As the nostalgia starts kicking in and a tear dripples down my cheeck. I realized this is what my intire childhood has built up to.
76561198008378667,Recommended,493340,27315817,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Joseph Joestar,this is rct  3 with much better graphics
,Recommended,493340,27359465,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mr-therm,GGThey gave us the Tycoon game we needed.
76561198245508456,Recommended,493340,27349629,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wetjellyfish,I built a roller coaster called life that is green and has smash mouth ear♥♥♥♥♥♥playing in the back ground 10/10
76561198026744763,Recommended,493340,27349237,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rotato,"10/10 one day I woke up and my phone was low battery so I said, hey I'll play planet coaster for a bit and plug it in in about like a half an hour. I went to plug my phone in and it was dead and suddenly it was 6 hours later and I don't know what happened to me but this game did that. So if you're into rifts in space and time and the death of phones from neglect, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,493340,27290697,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Azidium,> piledrive coaster into crowded pathway> bodies flying everywhere> visitors begin to cheer after recovering from horrendous death> 10/10
,Recommended,493340,27347386,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Venger10,good game better than anything else like it :)
,Recommended,493340,27347531,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kraayto,If roller Coaster Tycoon was part of your childhood then you will never feel more at home. Accidentally feed a customer to the kraken 10/10 would feed Wild Animal again.
,Recommended,493340,27346056,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ApertureScienceClient,Great game but I'm doing this for the badge
76561198119844921,Recommended,493340,27346141,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Axquire,Long time RCT (NOT talking about the abomination called RCT world) fan? This is it. This is the game.
,Recommended,493340,27346326,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Andalis,The coaster simulation you've been waiting for.
,Recommended,493340,27340157,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dickinson,"stupidly addictive, on par or better than RCT :O!"
,Recommended,493340,27334822,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SwaggleMaggle,"This is Definitely a true successor to RCT3. I loved playing the old RCT game's growing up, And i would probably say that this is the best Rollercoaster sim game i have ever played."
,Recommended,493340,27336518,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,casey28xxx,Roller Coaster Tycoon World? Never heard of it.
76561198063165867,Recommended,493340,27331451,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Captain Pringle,"I like this game a lot. There are some issues with it, some pretty annoying bugs and glitches, but overall its a pretty fun game to play."
76561197974131203,Recommended,493340,27335961,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Naldiin,"Everything a spiritual successor to RCT should be.  The game is light-hearted, but deep.  The customization options are plentiful - you can really express yourself in the design.  The management system is good.Admittedly, some of the controls are a bit non-obvious, but there are tons of tool-tips to help you.Plenty of initial content, but I hope this gets expansions and add ons as time rolls by - it has a solid, durable and robust base to build on.  A wonderfully pleasant surprise, all around."
76561198058101056,Recommended,493340,27336418,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Faex,"Listen mate, there's plenty of full reviews out there, whether on Google or on Steam, they will tell you everything you need to know if you're not sure about this game. But if you're thinking about buying this, just do it. It's so amazing and significantly better than RCTW. Everything is so easy to control and do, yet it's so complex and it takes a master to make something truly beautiful. Take a look at Silvarett's Planet Coaster videos to see what you can do with the pieces you are given. Be prepared to have a good rig, though, as if you want to make a really detailed park, it's going to take a lot of FPS away from you if your machine can't handle it."
,Recommended,493340,27335229,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Caledonia91,"Quite simply an incredible game. Yes the management features could do with improving, but when it comes to building, this game is king. You just need to look at the workshop to see what people are creating to be impressed.The community engagement during the Alpha, Beta and after release has been awesome, and Frontier should be commended for that!"
,Recommended,493340,27335347,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,-Spooky-,Theme Park around Sarlacc Pit? 11 / 10 would build again.
,Recommended,493340,27335498,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sixxthice,"This game gives everything Roller Coaster Tycoon had with so much more.  On lower end PCs, it can struggle to run but still is good enough to make it enjoyable.  The devs are extremely devoted to making it a great game going forward.  Don't even consider RCTW because it's trash.  This is from the creators of RCT3, so they know what makes an awesome Tycoon game and roller coaster sim.  Buy this game!"
,Recommended,493340,27360765,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gryndyl,"Compared to RCT3, this has a much stronger building aspect. Coaster tools and scenery tools are all-around excellent. Comes at the expense of attraction variety, however. Hopefully at least some additional rides are planned for free updates instead of all getting locked into DLC."
76561198024858327,Recommended,493340,27382275,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,setty17,this game is fantastic. management stuff will come around eventually what matters is that they got the roller coaster building thing down
,Recommended,493340,26815815,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kiwillian,This game is pretty cool!
,Recommended,493340,27385030,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gawdawful,After nearly 50 hours I got the scenery and terrain looking just right. Now on to the rides.
76561198066250031,Recommended,493340,27352054,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bronze Republic,Love it! The next generation of roller coatser games. make way Roller Coaster Tycoon 3!
,Recommended,493340,27352311,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr Clutchless,10/10 would ride again
76561198071604947,Recommended,493340,27352564,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,King Arthur,The real successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon 3. I have waited a long time for a game like this and it has finally arrived. The amount of things you can create is fantastic. you can really create the park that you have always dreamed about. Planet Coaster is one of the best tycoon building games you can get 9/10
76561198007326063,Recommended,493340,27351532,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Physher,"The game has renewed my confidence for genres resurfacing that have not been in production for some time. I'm not a terribly creative person, but have spent hours designing buildings that are only used to make the lines look like they belongs to the particular ride or rollercoaster.Career Mode is a little easier than I would like but I hope there is more to come from this wonderful game."
,Recommended,493340,27351549,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,maxiebabe,"""Just one more minute, then I will turn the game off and carry on with important real life stuff""TWO HOURS LATER...Must stop building!Game is addictive and would recommend."
76561198031381495,Recommended,493340,27354331,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Katowska,"As a huge fan of RC3, i can only recommend buying Planet Coaster.In my opinion, this is the game of the year. And considering that i'm a huge CIV fan, this mean alot!BUY IT!!!!"
76561198054273213,Recommended,493340,27355657,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,chrisqc05,The best of it's kind right now.
,Recommended,493340,26667126,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Richard Li,"Before Planet Coaster, the only theme park simulation game I have played and I'm currently playing is the original RCT (yes, I've played that for over a decade now). I guess I will spend hours and hours in this game and build my dream park. There are minor things could be further improved. I wish to see more scenes and building options in the future. Nevertheless, as the very first release of a game on this scale, the developing team did a fantastic job. Great thanks for all of you.=== updates ===After around 40 hours of playing since the beta ended, personally I think this game might make people either feel deeply in love or suck. The greatest thing of Planet Coaster is its freedom. With some tricks, you may build anything crazy in the game. And I have seen crazy projects online which simply blow my mind. OK, let's talk about the down side and why some might think this game sucks. The career mode is interesting with clear objectives and fun, however, in other modes, the challenge currently isn't there. Yes, if you are new to this game, you may find yourself busy managing your park. But after some time, I just keep the game running at fast forward pace and wait for money. Talking about challenge, the current challenge mode is below my expectation. I thought the game would introduce unexpected events to my park and I have to manage the situation while keeping developing the park. Overall, there're good things about this game and there're bad. If you like building or creating, the sandbox mode is fantastic. And I assume you will spend hours and hours in the game. But if you like playing with clear in-game objectives and winning awards, after finishing the career mode with all stars, you might find yourself lost."
76561198040344581,Recommended,493340,26648287,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Chameleon,"Future of the roller coaster genre!This would have never happened if it were not for the dedication, love, and hours of hard work into designing this absolutely beautiful game. Frontier have shown that, not only do they care about the community, they listen.Throughout the development of Planet Coaster we have seen them impplement our ideas, use our feedback & take our criticism. It was so clear with each update just how passionate EVERYONE at frontier is to this game.The creativity that Planet Coaster allows is never-ending. Modes like the Sandbox will have you spending hours on the tiniest intricacies of the park. Watching the ai behave in their own way and react to your park is fascinating. The statistics and data that is visually represented is so helpful in managing your park. Career is a fun mode to figure out challenges and work out the best solution to make a park glorious! That's not to say that this game is perfect as it can always be improved.The water tool at the moment is more of a decoration and does not have any real physics behind it.The UI could use some tweaking to become more accessible. Example: To promote staff you currently need to go into 3 different menu's to find and select them.Challenge mode is at the moment too easy to make money, and therefore not much of a challenge.Not all terrain Paint's are available in differnt parks. So unfortunately you are limited in making multi themed parks.There are also somethings i think would be a nice addition.A Modding Creation Kit which would open up such a greater variety of creativity.Wooden pathing that could be preferebly coloured to match with different themes.Different variations of the cars of the coasters.Fireworks and lasers, giving your guests a spectacular show,More themed shops.I'm sure most of these things will come in time with updates and potentially DLC, as Frontier does listen and they do care. But for now i can say that if you like being creative, a manager of entertainment, or just want to see how weird and wacky you can make a park then this game is for you. It's out and I can most definately say it's fun."
,Recommended,493340,27070627,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tiohoan,I have never played a game as polished as this. The control scheme takes a bit to get used to. But once you master those you can do anything AAAANYTHING.
76561197970532419,Recommended,493340,27416972,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ricardo Da Force,"Fantastic game.  I've been playing this for quite a bit and they really have nailed it.All features you would expect to see are here and all done very well.  A min-blowing amount of customisation to let your creative side loose with.  Great achievement, well done!  I highly recommend this if you like park simulators."
,Recommended,493340,27417192,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Trustyz,I love vomit
,Recommended,493340,27417441,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,*BotRhys,"This game is abosultey amazing and will constantly have you hooked with its attractive gameplay, modes, music and much more! But the CON about this game is that you will be so hooked, you will ""plan"" to play just 2 hours fo it but you will look at your watch and already 48 years have past... yep!"
,Recommended,493340,27414812,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Soma Cruz,"If you want the successor to RCT3, get this game.  If RCT1 & 2 are more your style, go get Theme Parkitect."
,Recommended,493340,27415142,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MrMorg,"By Far the Best Park Sim ever created, i have played the new RolerCoaster tycoon and it is sooo poor compared to this. amazing and great GFX too! it makes my GTX1080 work its bum off which is nice."
,Recommended,493340,27396027,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Guru Cube,Absolutely fantastic theme park builder. Easily the spiritual successor of Rollercoaster Tycoon (even without the poor development and dirty practices of RCTW by Atari)! Well worth the full price. I hope to build some decent coasters soon. I just spend all my time creating buildings and scenery... damn it... scenery simulator 2016?
,Recommended,493340,27398834,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Magic Mustache Brigade,"Really enjoying this one so far. The creative tools are phenomenal. I do agree with others that the management side of things is a bit lacking. But, for me, I prefer the creative side of things in general. Awesome stuff!"
,Recommended,493340,27399555,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WankerBanker,Yes! Just a Yes! Stop reading this.
,Recommended,493340,27397363,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FlightSimBoy,"This right here is the true successor to the Roller Coaster Tycoon franchise. It takes everyting that RCT3 did and improves upon it exponentially. The graphics are incredible, performance is smooth, and thanks to workshop support, the posibilities are unlimited. I'm looking forward to see how this game progresses with updates. A larger career mode would be much welcome. Overall, excellent game. If you love any of the games in the RCT series, then you'll also love this game. I can't say if this game is better than RCTW because I don't have any personal experience with it, but I promice that Planet Coaster will not disappoint."
,Recommended,493340,27398161,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jeff Tutorials,"Really like this game. Very relaxing and fun to play. Price tag is a tad too high for my liking but non-the-less, wonderful game."
,Recommended,493340,27398168,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pie,"If you thought Civ was addictive, you''ve not spent an hour deciding which way round to place foliage and animatronic krakens.Brilliant game, can thoroughly recommend."
76561198264310216,Recommended,493340,27367487,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jubjub720,Can anyone back me up in asking the Devs to MAKE THE INTRO MUSIC PLAY DURING GAMEPLAY?!?!?!! The music just gets me so pumped to play this game and i feel that it needs to be implemented into the actual game when we play.
,Recommended,493340,27367732,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dariyah,"Planet Coaster is everything RollerCoaster Tycoon World should have been!  It is amazing and lots of fun!  The ability to build scenery is so cool!  I built my first building - an entrance/exit building - and I had so much fun with it!  I even put it up on the workshop.  Not like it was ever used, but, hey, this was an accomplishment that I'm proud of.  In playing the Sandbox version I learned a little bit about what works and what doesn't - make sure you have wide, and I do mean WIDE, paths! LOL  Otherwise, those tiny paths will become a bottleneck (worse than a construction zone on a highway! LOL).All in all, I think it's great!  Could there be improvements?  Sure!  But what game can't improve, right?!?!  One of the biggest, I think, is the save-ability of Terrain.  Like, instead of just saving the coaster, track wise, it should save if you have set it on mountains or if it went underground.  Also, the ability to save it with scenery items too.  So, like the whole area around a coaster should be able to be saved.  Not sure if that is doable.  But, would be awesome if it could be implemented.Until then, I will continue to enjoy the game.  The one that makes me lose track of time, all the time!  LOL  What?  How did it get to be 3 am???!!!  This game is AWESOME!!!!  I LOVE it!!!!"
,Recommended,493340,27386965,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,prakM,"I use to fiend Theme Park World when I was a child, this fits close to home whilst adding features that allows the game mechanics to be pushed further, allowing similar mechanics for veterans of the Tycoon series, whilst improving the game and allowing community added workshops, for endless possibilities of creation such as City Skylines community. One of the best simulator/sandbox creation game to date.TL; DR: If you're a fan of the Tycoon series or City Skyline, I recommend this buy."
76561197989863766,Recommended,493340,27392928,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KIngfisher22,A great Theme Park game that rewards creativity. One of the best building/sandbox games I have played in years.
76561198020781090,Recommended,493340,27370835,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ConeWax,Very good
,Recommended,493340,27371349,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gratti,"If you loved rollercoaster tycoon or simulation games, you will sink a ton of time into this"
,Recommended,493340,27286683,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Akumetsu,just 5 more minutes ...
76561198108504353,Recommended,493340,27291460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheRedHeadDidIt......,"Drool....drool...drool.....Anything. Anything can be done in this.Once my learning curve was over......Drool! Im freaken out man! So much to do with so much!All the updates and lots, tons, oodles, alot, a pile, much, and just loads of stuff.I will never run out of ideas. Brain goes pop!Smooth running on my i7 blah blah blah.........I play off line. so forget the hour thing. lets just say only game Ive played since beta ver..Uh what can be done with this? Anything!!!!!"
76561198141197471,Recommended,493340,27303040,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bloooobbyy,I really feel like this game is a worthy succesor too the rollercoaster tycoon franchise. Just be prepared for a whole lot of frustration while building custom stuff.
,Recommended,493340,26651904,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Alex™,I love it!
,Recommended,493340,27298846,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,$and nigga,11/10Messmewitdatgayshit♥♥♥♥♥would buy again
76561198050593919,Recommended,493340,27298977,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Age_Of_Turtles,"Spent 9 hours non-stop on when I first started playing it... Havent built a caoster yet, just enjoying the scenery options!"
76561198056400100,Recommended,493340,27298255,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hyeonbi,i likeyuuuuge coasters :Dbery gud
,Recommended,493340,26958782,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ultrae Vires,"Finally, a modern RCT2. Enough said. Best game all year."
76561198030854707,Recommended,493340,27304262,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gimbal,"I am amazed how this game so easily brought out a creative side of me I never thought I had, I never played before this type of Game before, however after watching some Beta demonstrations, I found myself pulled in, and so far no sign of wanting to stop as I having so much fun.Some slight cons as sometimes placement can be finicky, but with patience manage to overcome that, as for performance not experienced any problems and don’t have a high end machine."
76561198039532499,Recommended,493340,27305057,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aiku,Best coaster since a long time.
,Recommended,493340,27305405,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Viper_Z,"This game is the proper successor to RCT3, and it is the game to own if you ever liked the RCT series!I have litterally spent half of my 13 hours played, designing an entrance for my park, and i am not even doen with it yet!10/10 would build a beautiful caved in entrance with a ♥♥♥♥ing rolloercoaster again"
,Recommended,493340,27070201,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Xerxes,Spent 11 and a half hours building the entrance to my park. then I realized the track ride i placed inside my entrance didnt have enough room for the track to go through it. Started over.I love this game
76561198064302970,Recommended,493340,27259795,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Elpximso 3.95$ Inv,Amazing Game.
,Recommended,493340,27265562,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MeatFox,Best coaster building platform i've played. Not perfect but still beats every other coaster game.
,Recommended,493340,27257306,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AngelicKnight,"Insanely well made game. You can customize nearly everything, from the rides, to the shops, the terrain. There is nearly infinite gameplay here. Very well made game from Frontier."
,Recommended,493340,27251466,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheFutileRogue,"Think Planet Coaster just made our child hood game realise that they got it so wrong this time round, bye Roller Coaster Tycoon, thanks for the ride but we've just riden the new ride in the park and we want to go on it again! and again! 10/10 Nice one Frontier!"
76561198068092964,Recommended,493340,27257958,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bladex77,"Growing up I invested quite a lot of time into the RCT series, mainly RCT3. Since that time, I have not played a game that brought back that same addictive, rewarding gameplay in a management sim, until now. Planet Coaster brings back that spark of creativity that only RCT3 could do before. It took a nearly forgotten genre and revived it in the best way possible, giving it a tremendous graphic overhaul, including detailed coaster simulation. Planet Coaster also integrates Steam Workshop creations seamlessly to allow you to post your own creations, or download those of friends or anybody through the search feature. Frontier has already done a great job of using fan feedback in their development and will continue to do so through free updates. I would recommend this game to newcomers and fans of the genre alike. 9.5/10"
76561198045206959,Recommended,493340,27258564,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Quinthel,"This game is excellent sandbox for building all sorts of coasters, brings back all the good memories of my rollercoaster tycoon 3 times. The game runs very smoothly and the graphics are very pleasing to the eye, though cartoony in some parts like character designs so if you do not like that, then it can be a negative. The coaster system itself is very familiar to me and probably many others who have played games like this before, as the controls are similar to Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 for example, but there are differences.The few negative things I have seen in the game so far is that sometimes when you are playing around with buildings or scenery it can be a bit difficult to get the object snap into the right place, or be on the correct elevation, but this has not been a big problem to me, as it has usually only been few objects. The next problem I have found is that it's not always easy for newcomers to know what they are doing, and the controls are sometimes hard to remember, and things like looking underground to find that one thing you hid there for a trigger can be a bit difficult. Lastly but most importantly right now there is not enough scenery in my opinion, there are lots of nice choices, but there could be a lot more and I hope the game developers plan on adding more different objects we can use.Also interestingly the visitors can be hit by a test coaster car, which can knock them out of the paths, this is quite silly thing to happen but amusing nonetheless."
,Recommended,493340,27258999,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Onyx,"Can't recommend this highly enough. Essential for old fans of RCT. Don't buy RCT World, get Planet Coaster."
76561198056314640,Recommended,493340,27269910,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Protheme,Great game
76561198042894373,Recommended,493340,27268753,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,EatMyMojo,:)
,Recommended,493340,27268776,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,easymoney,This game is greatIf you played RCT3 and loved that you'll love this game way more10/10
,Recommended,493340,27268790,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ri que mordo,10/10
76561198048168657,Recommended,493340,27268995,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,General tso,Excellent!
,Recommended,493340,27253779,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sarcasticsuperherogirl,"Awesome game, I can't wait to see what else they put in it!"
76561198017045338,Recommended,493340,27256776,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,niKodemus,probably the best rollercoaster sim ever. well done frontier! :)
76561198130242566,Recommended,493340,27255014,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sportinus,I just love the insane possibilities in this game with loads of thanks to the community/workshop. Also the cartoonesk graphics are just beautiful.
,Recommended,493340,27256342,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Leon_Magnus719,"I'm a city building game fan and this game has been Super Fun. Although I'm not a big theme park fan in real life, managing one is a joy. If you like Cities Skylines or are just a fan of the quality of work Frontier has done on Elite Dangerous, then you'll appreciate this game. Plus, it's not a bad game to look at either. My feedback to the developers would be to look into adding waterparks in the future, that would be AWESOME!"
,Recommended,493340,27305696,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,•Zynnlol•,"enjoyable game, but could use alot of improve on some part"
,Recommended,493340,27293975,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lamp,This game is great in my opinion.
,Recommended,493340,27267465,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Triscut,Planet Coaster is the perfect creatin game. Take the customization and precision control  of Cities: Skylines and mix it with Rollercoaster Tycoon's idea and you will understand Planet Coaster. The Steam Workshop support gives you the chance to really round out robust sections of your park and create themes per area instead of the entire park. This game is amazing and will let even the most novice gamer feel like a world class designer of amusement parks.
76561198035210527,Recommended,493340,27274481,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RuneHKT,Great game!
76561198086026501,Recommended,493340,27276217,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,hickmangrey,"For years Ive wanted a game that brings back an updated take on amusement park simulation. This game nails it. Great graphics, great user interface, and overall great quality. Im excited to see where this game goes!"
76561197993585072,Recommended,493340,27274625,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,patfenus,This game really does give you the kind of creative freedom that cities skylines gave to the city builder. the ability to use items uncoventionally and clip them into other objects to create something that is 100% your own is the kind of thing that keeps me playing well past the 200 hour mark. Cannot reccomend this enough.
,Recommended,493340,26814699,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DuckTheCow,I AM STILL BUILDING THE BLOODY ENTRANCE!!!
76561198050276445,Recommended,493340,27264382,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Katostrofic,"The true successor to RCT3 but im sure you've heard that a thousand times and it is true but this game also updates regularly and it seems ATM like the developers are sticking with this game for a long time to come not just sending it off to die. Also, if you like games like this 44 dollars is a steal considering how much customizable options there are. Moral of the story if you want a park builder like RCT3, and a polished one at that, get this game pronto."
,Recommended,493340,27272358,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FunkeyBox,"Planet Coaster is really fun, it happens that I will get stuckt with it whit some hours. Really fun you can do what you want."
,Recommended,493340,27272570,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JordInTheTrap,Spent so much time playing RCT3 as a kid and this feels like the perfect successor.
,Recommended,493340,27283845,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BOT Ross,"This game is amazing, its visually stunning and filled with everything you could want from a rollercoaster game."
,Recommended,493340,27282679,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xileF,"Amazing game, definately would buy again 9/11."
,Recommended,493340,27210504,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Patrykus Bolt.gg,"Very Good game, stunning graphics, low requirements, good soundtrack theres so much more to go on and on about!"
76561198133329319,Recommended,493340,27210912,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Batman,It's a great game.
,Recommended,493340,27211545,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zorak,gr8
76561198082516814,Recommended,493340,27179065,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alex The Onion,"It's like rct 3, but on steroids..."
,Recommended,493340,27168584,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spikespiegel,A great sequel to the Rollercoaster Tycoon franchise without being the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rollercoaster Tycoon World!
76561197974046034,Recommended,493340,27198483,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,last_chancer,"Great game, prepare to lose track of time as you create / customise your own park. The game launched on day 1 without any noticeable issues (a lesson for other developers/companies).I would love to see more customisation for rides added - choice of carriages on rides / coasters so that the can be themed too and maybe a tutorial scenario too (rather than just the videos)"
76561198117755680,Recommended,493340,27198920,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dupl,Fair Trade - nice 2play
,Recommended,493340,27194884,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AND HIS NAME IS,Guest enters parkhas an amazing time on a ridefinds out there is no exitforever stuck10/10
76561197970716072,Recommended,493340,27292776,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hyjaxe,"Beautiful game! Love it. Brings back memories of the old ""Tycoon"" days. Couple this with a great workshop on Steam, and the ability to create pretty much anything you want, makes this a 5 star game for me. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,493340,27296781,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,whoa...,"Planet Coaster have so many improvements compared to the last theme park game: RCT3 (2004). Some of you may think that this game suffer from lack of content, but that's not true due constant updates that give us new scenery elements or rides and coasters.Thanks to this game i had a few sleepless nights beacuse of ""5 more minutes""."
76561198085152692,Recommended,493340,26705350,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,clay5warren,"Great game, awesome graphics, runs great.Only have one suggestion to the developers.Make paths so you can expand without deleting, everytime I try to expand I have to delete alot of path then it bugs out and everyone teleports to the front entrance causing a 30 min traffic jam :/"
,Recommended,493340,26705489,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mike_33,"ok one day of playing, ican say that it is just a released brta game. or i should put in this way, it is a developing game, some features are missing like theme's objects, some table and stuff, some rides, etc. But overall is playable and it gives a very immerse experience already.In short, if you dont mind missing some tables, buy it. lol"
,Recommended,493340,26705513,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Jasonridesabike,"I haven't gotten into a Coaster Tycoon game since RCT1-2, back in the day and not for lack of trying. This is the first 3D rendition of the game type to hold my attention; after learning the basics you're free to do everything you could in those older games and much more.ProsGreat mechanicsSuper intuitive coaster buildingExtremely customizableDecent performanceConsJust a handful of little things, mostly to do with building/path snapping and placement. Nothing major and with the love and attention the studio has shown so far for their series I'm sure this will improve.Only a handful of scenarios. I'd like to see more with progressively stranger and more esoteric goals."
76561198125852211,Recommended,493340,26706156,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Vlain,"Fun, relaxing game. Play at your own speed and no time pressure. Always more to find out about this game. Recommended!"
,Recommended,493340,26706187,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mr. Monacles,"While the detail is outstanding, you are only really limited by your imagination, you can truly build anything in this game. I have so far built a small but detailed train circuit, the scenery etc, at night with lighting around the forest etc, and just enjoy going 1st person and traversing my design, its a really great feeling as lame as that may sound :) And ofcourse, sky's the limit when it comes to designing coasters, buildings, your dream park. Be a friend to yourself and get this immediately, i've tried some of the community content, one guy has already built a Death Star ride, there really is so so so much potential, and ofcourse the RCT2 *nostalgia* building set gives me such a warm feeling. GET IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,493340,26788643,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tweak!,"This game is just overall fun, Brings me back to when i was kid and played Roller Coaster Tycoon for days on end. It is by far the best amusement park centered came i have played since rollercoaster tycoon 3. I hope they keep up to date with it and continue to make the came better"
,Recommended,493340,26785322,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,3411,☻☻☻☻
,Recommended,493340,26785742,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mokiki,"A fantastic rejuvination to the tycoon game scenario. As a fan of Roller Coaster Tycoon 2, pouring hours and hours into that, it feels fantastic to have something new that after just a few hours, I know I'll be putting even more hundreds of hours into as well. Comes HIGHLY recommended"
,Recommended,493340,26789439,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BECH,"The best roller coaster game i have ever seen/tried, it is ton of fun and keeps me playing for hours on end"
,Recommended,493340,26790135,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BearFish,Yes.
,Recommended,493340,26787398,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Insane,"Amazing game, great for creative people and also a great game to ♥♥♥♥ about for less creative people as well ;)"
,Recommended,493340,26787813,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OMGitscameron,Swell game. I keep killing civilians.
76561198123353802,Recommended,493340,26777246,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir_Diggins,"If you like Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, then you will love Planet Coaster."
,Recommended,493340,26777982,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tommy,"For fans of Rollercoaster tycoon 3, get this."
,Recommended,493340,26775429,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,={LüKǻś}=,LOVE IT!!!!!!
,Recommended,493340,26775759,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dai Gestive,worth it
76561198267671622,Recommended,493340,26792819,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SteezyJ,9.5/10Amazing game if u loved the RCT series
,Recommended,493340,26793051,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Reaperoo,"You'll be building a park for hours, just to restart again because of a new idea. After which you see a park someone else made and you'll cry and restart again thinking you'll do better.You won't.But you'll try anyway because it's damn fun."
,Recommended,493340,26793786,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rovacado,"While PC may lack a super diverse list of rides and cars for the coasters, the flexibility in how and what you create is fantastic. You can choose to use prebuilt items, or go ""off the rails"" (pun intended) and create wholly new things. Just sit back, let your imagination run free and enjoy!"
,Recommended,493340,26794200,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RodgerPW,"Enjoyable theme park sim with a lot of good customization options. The camera and placement controls could use a bit more tuning, but I'm have a good time with it."
,Recommended,493340,26954652,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ChooChooShoe,The best coaster building game of 2016. Plays more like RCT 3 then ther others games. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,493340,26955657,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,supertanno,"A bit light on content, but otherwise a great spiritual successor to RCT3."
,Recommended,493340,26956621,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Joshosaurus,"I have been waiting years for a true sucusser to rollercoaster tycoon 3, after the letdown of RCT World, I heard about planet coaster. This game has impressed me and i have full faith that fronter can keep developing this game into the future."
,Recommended,493340,26956663,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Illusion,Spent 5 hours building a restroom. 10/10
,Recommended,493340,26954289,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JohnCava,fun game
76561198059392186,Recommended,493340,26954380,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The King In The North,"Roller Coaster Tycoon is reborn. That's all I really have to say, if that's enough for you buy this asap"
76561198133579520,Recommended,493340,26939271,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DisneyGirl85,rollercoaster building annoying.....wants to throw computer out window when objective not met!......keeps playing anyways......= best game ever!!!
,Recommended,493340,26940022,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,crzjzu.,"This game is truly amazing, I havent put that many hours in to it but from what i've created in those hours its jusst brilliant. This should definitely win a steam award for sure!"
,Recommended,493340,26940108,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Oen Flux,Abolutely the best theme park builder available. Do not even think of buying anything else.
,Recommended,493340,26940836,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gh0st,Best park builder
,Recommended,493340,26949899,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SQueakY™,Im literally writing this review for the Steam award badge. This games good.
76561197963289376,Recommended,493340,26949085,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aadpaling,"Pro's:So much custimization, you can literally create anything.Beautiful graphicsA lot of replayability with the different scenario's and other modes.Coasters are really easy to make with the smoothing and auto complete tools.Cons:Controls feel a bit weird. I tried remapping the middle mouse button which is default for tilting the cam, to the right mouse button (since I pan with WSAD already) and the game automatically remaps the path delete button to it as well. This causes me to not being able to delete paths, since it is moving the cam instead of deleting the path. I tried using default middle mouse for tilting, but it's so annoying to use, because the middle mouse button is used for scrolling at the same time. I can't stand it. Perhaps this is personal though.There is a lot of customization available in the game, which means a lot of controls as well. This takes a while to get used to."
,Recommended,493340,26951058,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hot Damn Batman,"You know what, I played this game. I'll admit it. I'm not ashamed"
,Recommended,493340,26951619,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,niwaar,"Takes a bit to get used to the ALL the controls, but once you understand how to do things the game is awesome.Major Cons: There really is no tutorials here. Either you go to the internet to figure things out or you are SOL. There are videos you can watch but no actual in game tutorials.Coaster Creation can be so indepth it can be confusing. Even for someone who has been playing RCTycoon for years the new coaster creation tools can be overwhelming.Major Pros: EVERYTHING else. The game is beautiful. The game is fun. The game only needs scenarios scenarios scenarios."
76561198046500817,Recommended,493340,26964490,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jason_ledger,"This game is addictive.  Time passes very quickly when I play it.  The game could do a better job walking you through building/customizing shortcuts, but once you pick them up the interface works great."
,Recommended,493340,26958823,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cyprus_,Double Twister Backflip Rollercoaster
,Recommended,493340,26960792,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aku,"If you look back fondly on the days of ""X ride is really great value!"" and ""I want to get off X"", I'd definitely recommend you give this game a try. It's a fantastic spiritual successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon 1 and 2 in 3D."
76561198067187277,Recommended,493340,26964750,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Iconoclast,"All the fun of the old roller coaster tycoon games, with the added ability of being able to create original and customized scenery, buildings, stores, landscaping etc."
,Recommended,493340,26965309,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Prolapse,"Very fun to play, I love all the little details you can fine tune tho.  I'd give it a 9/10 only because the AI is a little squeamish when it comes to coasters."
,Recommended,493340,26967977,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WooFerPPK,This game is amazing!
,Recommended,493340,26953777,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,2spooky,The true successor to RCT3
,Recommended,493340,26949737,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eiregard,Each time I play Planet Coaster I am more impressed with it.  Amazing detail was put into this game and it shows throughout.
76561197998337459,Recommended,493340,26909595,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,help,Such a great successor to RCT 3!
,Recommended,493340,26909753,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Undercover Potato,"So if you have to buy this or RCTW, buy this. If you buy the other one you may need to rethink your life decisions."
,Recommended,493340,26908352,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,XorD,Best Roller Coaster Game Since Tycoon 3. 10/10 hooked can't stop.. help?
,Recommended,493340,26908607,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tojobass,"Beautiful game, mostly focused on creativity, so if you're looking for a challenge in terms of managing, this game might not do the job, but if you like making awesome coasters and parks, this is definitively for you."
,Recommended,493340,26896863,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ᅚᅚ ᅚᅚ ᅚᅚ,"You can reimagine your own park, you can use others creation, you can share your creation, everything you need in a sandbox game."
,Recommended,493340,26894380,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Price,"Brillant, only thing that holds me back is my own creativity rather than the game itself. If you liked RCT3 or any of the previous RCT get this game!"
,Recommended,493340,26895645,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sasper,Just one more object on this building anddddd it's 3 am DAMN YOU PLANET COASTER.
,Recommended,493340,26895079,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SanityIsOverrated,Incredible level of detail and amount of freedom. I didn't expect so much dedication from a developer anymore!
,Recommended,493340,26926748,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IRONF1ST #science!,This game is amazing.
,Recommended,493340,26926766,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HYPERTRITON,"Planet Coaster is... oh hold on, gotta place this............... ok. Anyway, where was I? Ah yes, this game is simply fantastic. I don't think I've spent so much time and had so much focus in a theme park building game before.If you like theme park planning, design and construction, and a slight tolerance of ridiculous customer opinions and reasoning... Planet Coaster is absolutely the game for you. Get it, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,493340,26928947,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Johan Tiberius,"If you enjoyed the older Roller Coaster:Tycoon games then this game might be something you are looking for.  It has a very nice rollercoaster creator/editor. It allows for much more creative designs as well as theme with all the scenery and building options the game includes.  If you just want to create simple designs or not at all the Steam Workshop is integrated in game to allow you to download others design and use them. The graphics are amazingly detailed for this kind of game. The settings have many video options for you to tinker to find out which best suits your computer.However, the game does not have as much management as the previous games at the time of this review. It isn't that bad but it does feel like some little quality of life things would go a long way. Things like setting prices across all shops of the same kind instead of one at a time.It feels like the true successor to Roller Coaster:Tycoon since the new one runs poorly and still has glaring issues that are beyond quality of life."
76561197970510700,Recommended,493340,26929012,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shank,This game is 100% better than Roller Coaster Tycoon world.
,Recommended,493340,26933327,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CaptainCanada3,The Best Rollercoaster game EverWhat I wanted was A updated RCT3 and This game did just thatRIP my spare time Thanks FRONTIER
76561198273863883,Recommended,493340,26933415,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SCIENCE LAAAB,"I used to play other various themepark management games but I unfornuately lost interest until I downloaded this. Graphics are superb, lots of things to do. All I would like to see added to the game is a way to veiw your park as a person! :)"
,Recommended,493340,26932056,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Anton aus Tirol,"Epic game,Perfection even in the little details.10/10 would crash my coaster into people again"
,Recommended,493340,26931789,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,absolute nutta,"I actually want to pay for the water park and zoo DLC this time aroundno, but seriously this game is fantastic all around. I would actually pay 60 dollars for this game; It's one of the very few games that came out this year worth that price."
,Recommended,493340,26910835,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Commander Price,WOOOOOOOAAAAHHHHH-OOOOOOO the music just fits so nicely. Just needs to be harder
,Recommended,493340,26914871,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SwiftAusterity,One of the most exhaustive park building sims out there.
,Recommended,493340,26968120,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wolfnuke,Just awesome.
,Recommended,493340,26966234,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fearborn,Poised to be a replacement for Roller Coaster Tycoon 3.... finally. I've bought so many versions of that game and regularly installed it to play on every PC I've owned since it was first released. Finally I can lay it to rest and pick up its true successor.
,Recommended,493340,27120216,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,xNx,You can make fast coaster and make people  ill. Good game.
76561198003228362,Recommended,493340,27123474,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,owenwilson1,One word to sum up this game. Amazing Go buy it...............
76561198038106108,Recommended,493340,27121201,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rex,Perfect game with best performance.
,Recommended,493340,27130734,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MARK,Fanstastic. Incredible. Fun.
76561197973273661,Recommended,493340,27128917,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hitman,This game is downright addicting. It's the true spiritual successor of Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 and improved upon in all the right ways. It really is one of the best games out right now if you just want to let your imagination run wild and see what you can design. A true sandbox.
,Recommended,493340,27128992,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Skarrator,Not bad for a Sandbox RC game. More possibilities than the RCT games. Thumbs up!
,Recommended,493340,27129316,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Johnn,Really a good games
,Recommended,493340,26863409,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Isunee,Great game but it is lacking some content. I guess I will wait for DLC or expansions!
76561198160454510,Recommended,493340,26865108,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Thaxton777,This game is fun and addictive
,Recommended,493340,26769173,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PeterPanda(KTF),Best coaster simulator ever
,Recommended,493340,26864808,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RobVaivodiss,"I must have played RCT3 for hundreds of hours as a kid. Planet Coaster is the true successor of RCT3. There are tons of items and coaster in the game. You can pretty much customize anything you want in your park.Although they better add a Pools/Slides Expansion, similar to the Soaked expansion in RCT3.Get this game if you enjoyed RCT3 back in the day."
,Recommended,493340,26863046,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,atua bless,when the theme song is so good even your park janitors whistle to it
,Recommended,493340,26862753,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Deuxz,"Fun and addicting game,Pros:Ability to build and decorate everythingDeisng your park without restrictionsTop notch soundsAddictingLots Of Diffrent Pre-Made ridesAbility to do whatever you wantCons:Need a pretty beefy PC when you create a large parkNot as much management as you would wantNot as many pre-made buildings as you would wantThough i am not the best at reviewing i write what i feel is relavent... But i do reccomend this game."
,Recommended,493340,26798017,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lifeless,"This is the rollercoaster tycoon ""sequel"" ive been looking for. Great fun, and incredibly customizable. Will likely be playing MANY hours of this."
,Recommended,493340,26813129,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,noahp78,The real follow up to RCT3. Great!
76561198057747266,Recommended,493340,26824598,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stelissa,Brings back the good memories from Roller Coaster Tycoon but provides so much more!
,Recommended,493340,26905042,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cato2008,Game is great have had it for two days now love it so far kinda hard at first but gets easier as you go. ONLY ONE PROBLEMTHEY HAVE UPDATED THE GAME EVERY HOUR FOR THE PAST SIX HOURS AND EVERY TIME THEY UPDATE IT CRASHES. so the game has crashed 6 times in 6 hours if not more didnt exacly start counting and it has had a ton of constant updates like the game was not ready
,Recommended,493340,26837721,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BeepBeepBlop,I think this is one of my favorite roller coaster tycoon games ever.Lets look at the pro's and consPros:1.There is RollerCoasters2.It's fun to play3.The Graphics are Beautiful4.Lighting is beautiful5.Peeps look amazing6.You can create Disney world7.It's not RollerCoaster Tycoon WorldCons:1.Not every review is positive
,Recommended,493340,26834480,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,waffl3head,"Very amazing building game. Beautiful visuals, lots of detail to add."
76561198080642878,Recommended,493340,26840380,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fiirecrash,This is what a Themepark builder should be!- Great graphics- Great custumization- Easy to pick up- Awesome community10/10!
76561198328314196,Recommended,493340,26840571,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jessop1,this game is amazing!!!
,Recommended,493340,26840880,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Valixie,Please just five more minutes!!!
76561198051213711,Recommended,493340,26841114,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yingeling,Management aspect could be improved. Great game if you want to build amazing looking parks and rides.
76561198112811947,Recommended,493340,26898591,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dave307,this game is very gripping.
,Recommended,493340,26902055,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Goldstein,I spent 5 hours building a hot dog stand.10/10
76561198105924431,Recommended,493340,26898883,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grinchy,"Pros:-Amazing graphics-UI, controls are intuitive.-Design tools are handy and easy to pick up.-Top notch soundtracks (peaceful, gets you in the mood).-What you can create in terms of coasters, decorations, buildings, and parks seem limitless.-Solid game on its own, a worthy successor of the good ol' rct series.-Community workshop: check out the workshop and see for yourself the crazy yet awesome creations people have built during just the first week.Cons:-Management: yes the management is, as others have said, quite shallow. You buy stuff, you make profits, and you can only get richer from there. (like a clicker game) But i'm fine with that.-Optimization is an issue at the moment, especially on massive parks, or while using terraforming tool.Neutral:-Content: For some, the game is lacking contents, such as rides and shops (not coasters), and I totally agree. However, at the same time, I think there is enough contents at the moment to keep you interested before new stuff is added. (hopefully free)Overall, this is a very solid game. The pros heavily outweighs the cons. If you're into designing your own dream park kind of thing, get this at full price. Otherwise, if you're looking for deep managing sim, i'd suggest you still pick this up (but on sale perhaps). This game will keep you addicted. New patch is coming to address optimization and management issues (harder challenges), I will update this review as I'll check out the changes.Buy this, get addicted. 9/10 (will be 10/10 when the above issues are dealt with)"
76561198054350044,Recommended,493340,26899819,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Neon.blu7,"Yeah, it's pretty sweet."
,Recommended,493340,26887618,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Morgan,"Amazing game!This game is everything I wanted from a game, this game is perfect for anyone who loved RCT3.I only have two criticisms about the game the path tool and the size of the parks. The path tool needs a bit of refinement and we need to be able to delete paths quickly rather than one at a time.Overall this is the best game I have ever played and I can't stop playing it. I defiantly recommend this to anyone who loved roller coaster tycoon."
,Recommended,493340,26887656,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pocc,"Exactly what you would expect from a successor to the ""Rollercoaster Tycoon"" franchise!"
,Recommended,493340,26891524,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Kaernk,I'm having as much fun with this game as I did with RCT2. This is a good thing.
76561198035079550,Recommended,493340,26888784,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Traico,"If you're looking for a theme park builder game, Planet Coaster is without any doubt the best game recently released on the market in it's genre.The game is incredibly good looking, and the background music is nice and relaxing.The editor is astonishing, it's an incredibly powerful tool but very easy to handle. The possibilities that the game gives you are unlimited, everything is up to you and to your creativity.On the other hand, as many have pointed out (rightfully), the game lacks on its management side: it misses of challenge since making money is pretty easy, once a few rides are placed the cash starts flowing, and, if you are in shortage, all you have to do is to speed up the game.This is the only thing, in my opinion, that prevents to define it as a ""masterpiece"".At the current state, if you're oriented towards a management game which should set some challenge, I think that you may regret buying the game, otherwise, If you're looking towards the creative aspect of building a theme park, I highly recommend you Planet Coaster."
76561198014417926,Recommended,493340,26888801,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,iAshZz,Rollarcoaster Tycoon eat your heart out
76561198026996483,Recommended,493340,26889130,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,vocah1234,"The best theme park/roller coaster game out ever. So much customization options and i have barely scratched the surface. Mainly i have customized some shops to have themes and made a few ride scenery for some flat rides, a castle and a sci-fi theme. I am yet to even try a full coaster theme with triggers but can't wait to try it's going to be heaps of work.Want a sci-fi themed toilet block? doneWant a western themed housing for your rides? doneBuy this game it is simply amazing."
,Recommended,493340,26891635,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Not Joe,"The interface can take a little getting used to, and I find myself fighting with the controls, but bloody hell it's a good game."
,Recommended,493340,26886107,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Larry,This is what RollerCoaster World wanted to be. The true successor to the RCT games.
,Recommended,493340,26886166,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,2can99,"Beautiful game.  If your not creative its ok you can still do stuff in this game.  Runs very nicely, look great, fun.  Building is easy and yet you got to be creative (which i am not) but overall it is amazing"
,Recommended,493340,26854876,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sporky,Amazing game. Wish it had more rides but no doubt it'll expand in the future. Great modding community.
,Recommended,493340,26855074,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bunkagunk,A new game that will live in legend amongst the best.
,Recommended,493340,26855092,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zionia,"Planet Coaster is the true successor to the RCT franchise. Frontier dev’s did a fantastic job with this game and it shows. The graphics are fantastic, an improvement from past games and a step in the right direction. I really love the art style and the characters, a lot of thought went into building the world of Planet coaster and is still expanding. The music and sound effects are solid and clean, and the custom options for ride music is still present. Controls are solid but the camera controls can be tough to angle at times. Peeps and park management at straight forward and are fun to mess with.As far as content goes there is lots to do and see in Planet Coaster.Career Mode is fun and challenging at times, Sandbox mode is bake your cake and eat it to, challenge mode is for those looking for an evolving challenge. The community support is huge, the steam workshop is huge and the content is expanding all the time. Blueprints, and items can built and shared through steam, you can explore whole parks from other users if they share them. You can ride their rides and explore their shared items. I really love this game overall, I wanted to keep this short so sorry for not getting to deep. You can feel all the effort, love and community support that went into this game.I give this game an 8 out of 10.Minus a point for glitches and crashes but they have been fixing these issue and it has improved.Minus a point for no VR support.If they every add VR support to the game I would say this game lands a solid 9 out of 10."
,Recommended,493340,26648508,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Sleek Weezles,"Absolutely fantastic. This is a spiritual successor to RCT3, in the way that Parkitect (another amazing game) is to RCT2. This is the theme park / roller coaster design sim you've been looking for. Price is a little high, but I remember paying $50 for RCT3 when it came out, so w/e. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes theme parks, scenery design, coaster design or any of the RCT games."
76561197970068878,Recommended,493340,26653283,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Stellar,"This is the game I always wanted when I was a kid playing Theme Park and RCT. Incredible building tools with limitless possibilities not to mention wonderfully realised rides and realistic coasters.Planet Coaster has basically the same management tools as previous coaster games before it but doesn't really add anything new, which I think is why people complain about the depth of the management simulation, the imagination can stretch on and on with what new management tools and challenges could be added to the genre and I would love to see more of it in the game.I think the developers focused on maximising the creative side of the game and rushed the management parts towards the end of development but this doesn't take away from the fact the game is a massive leap forward for the genre and hopefully, after the successful launch and generally good review scores they will invest more time and effort to enhance the game. In fact they have already announced a winter themed free update for December so hopefully that is a sign of intent to continue development.In conclusion i'm truly thrilled with Planet Coaster and will be playing it for years to come."
,Recommended,493340,26855897,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FritzLux,Awesome Game*
76561198132853803,Recommended,493340,26858059,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The-multiverse,"Amazingly good, Takes me to the old times when i was younger. Just a shame i didn't liked it that much...still a possitive rating from me!"
,Recommended,493340,26858641,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,astrocat,"Genuinely amazing sequel by Frontier!  They definitely did it properly as it should have been, unlikely someone else... *cough Atari cough*"
,Recommended,493340,26859103,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,QuietCoyote,"I've only clocked in a dozen hours, but I feel that's enough to know what kind of experience I'll have from now on.I grew up with roller coaster tycoon. As a kid, I sucked at the management aspect of the game and often would just use a buttload of cheat codes to raise money and do whatever I want with it to make the best park I could. It wasn't until I grew older when I began to appreciate the challenge of managing money, charging 40 cents for toilets, raising the salt content for higher drink sales, and paying off loans strategically. The games (especially 3) grew up with me.Planet coaster will be a blast for creative types, having the best coaster builder i've seen yet and providing limitless possibilities in park creation. But those who want challenge will not find it here. Money comes easy, rides can be priced at $20-30, loans are easy to pay off and not neccessary, and there is no real strategy to the game. You simply build and relish in your creations.on a scale of 1 to 10 this game lands at an 7.5 for me. It's a modernized RTC3 and brings a lot to the table, but it feels like it misses the mark in many spots. It relies on your creativity to build shops and stalls form scratch, providing only a little to get you started. The management is limited and meaningless. It's not a perfect game. Yet when I'm spending time perfecting my roller coasters to be all greens, applying scenery to make it as gorgeous as i can, and admiring the creations others have made, all is right in the world. I can get lost in this game, and I see despite it's imperfections I see a lot of potential to come. I will likely clock many hours into this game. If you are a creative sort, you will too."
76561197990537173,Recommended,493340,26859498,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nifty Jamaican,An excellent toolset for building whatever you want. Less of a park management game
,Recommended,493340,26861090,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sgt.Mays,Cities: Skylines is what Sim City should have been.Planet Coaster is what RCT World should have been.That is all.
,Recommended,493340,26809974,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Utfrugg,The real Rollercoaster Tycoon 4
,Recommended,493340,26816871,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Proeskoet,"If you like tycoon type games, you're gonna love this game.The simulation has a lot of depth, every visitor is simulated with their own needs.The only real downside I found in the game is that there is no real tutorial so you have to figure everything out yourself."
,Recommended,493340,26816917,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ixxel,"I bought this game on a whim a day or so after it came out.  Lots of people said good things about it, and it seemed kinda interesting, but I had never been a fan, or even played, games like Roller Coaster Tycoon.So, like I said on a whim.  I have to say, that whim turned into 20 hours of play time in just 2 days.  Not only are the graphics and sound top notch, the level of customization is truly amazing.  From fine tuning the small things like queue times, to seemingly not so important things like the music that plays for the ride (yes, you can even use your own music not in the game), to building your own roller coasters, this game offers something for everyone, and, unlike some simulation games, this one is really approachable.  I thought this was going to be a game that would be trial and error, especially after clicking on tutorial videos it basically just brings up a youtube video...  but, its not like that.I have done a few of the career modes (where you have a set of challenges from easy to hard) and they are really the best tutorial for learning the game because you have to address the issues of the park you are running.  Whether thats people complaining the wait time is too long for a ride, to there not being enough beverage choices, benches, or food options, to harder things like building a roller coaster with 5 seconds of airtime but with a nausea rating below 5 and excitement score more than 5, its definitely challenging and fun.If you are worried about replay value, I think it really depends on what you want to do with the game.  Do you want to put together the amusement park of your dreams?  Then, you'll love the details and will go back to this game over and over again.  Do you just want to work on challenges and career mode?  Maybe it will get a little repetative after a while, but, for the price, you'll definitely be playing a lot where the cost will come down to less than $1/hour to play, so pick it up on a whim like I did, I bet you'll like it."
,Recommended,493340,26817029,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Marv Merchants,I'm just reviewing for a badge. Good game though.
,Recommended,493340,26818396,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SCRUNGUS,Good game.
,Recommended,493340,26821287,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Russellocean,"One of my new favorite games, the true sequel to RCT3 instaid of that shity Ataria money-hording crap. Buy this now."
,Recommended,493340,26845532,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheGuyNL,Just a great theme park game which is a great addition to any simulation game collection.
,Recommended,493340,26846238,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Oranj8,"When I was young(er) I played a game called Theme Park World all the time, it was the best game ever if you ask me. I have wondered that why won't anyone make another game that is as awesome as TPW, This has literally everything that I could want from a amusement park management / building simulator. The controls were different, but when you get used to them, the game is finally coming together. And I can't get over the detail that Frontier has made to this. From real ride sounds to deciding what is inside of the burgers you are selling :DIf you like these kind of management games at all. This is a game for you!"
,Recommended,493340,26852480,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Carned,Making the coaster of your dreams with a massively detailed customization system.
76561197981553992,Recommended,493340,26672962,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Colfax_Jones,Great game! I'm hooked. So much better that RCTW and No Mans Sky.
,Recommended,493340,26673312,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Mike Hunt,"I used to play the Rollercoaster Tycoon series a lot when i was younger. When Frontier anounced Planet Coaster i was hoping for a next gen Rollercoaster Tycoon feel.. it's way better than i hoped.- Amazing graphics!- Nice soundtrack- An eye for detail when it comes to both game and UI- Loads of building materials, animatronics, lighting ect- Objects can be placed XYZ in each other.. sky is the limit- Campaign is fun!Overall it's an amazing game especially for the price. With workshop content arriving every day you can imagine the amazing creations people are making. And ofcourse future updates.10/10"
76561198100821834,Recommended,493340,26673541,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,chrisa74,Amazing game and it shows it was made by frontier i spent years of my life on rollercoater tycoon 2&3. The levels of detail are amazing. Rollercoater tycoon world was such a let down and this is the true sucessor to the orginal games well done guys you did a great job.
,Recommended,493340,26673550,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,N4m0,"Just perfect. If you like these types of games, just get it."
76561198232780276,Recommended,493340,26671862,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,iGoByFrank,"I suppose Frontier (and RCT3) is partially responsible for me pursuing a mechanical engineering degree. This game just makes me feel like a kid again, and that's something special."
,Recommended,493340,26671925,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Vix,10/10 Would build a log flume of death again.On e real note. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing so much effort and passion has been put into this game to make it this good other developers should take note.
,Recommended,493340,26672371,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,DIO,Amazing game with tons of freedom in your building. The path system can be a little wonky.
,Recommended,493340,26672374,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Jan,Played for 7 hours so far and really love this game.
76561198345594444,Recommended,493340,26672397,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,nykoho81,keep getting errors.
76561198053769217,Recommended,493340,26672552,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,JayW,Have played for 22hrs. and I really love this game and particularly the music.
,Recommended,493340,26674511,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Skelson,You can make your own bee movie ride
,Recommended,493340,26674538,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Harle Games,Good stuff
,Recommended,493340,26674613,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ENDr@in,R.I.P. RollerCoaster.
76561197990248659,Recommended,493340,26674620,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,theory5,"I don't review many games. Hell, I don't review ANY, even those that I have spent hundreds of hours upon. Gaming is a hobby for me, and I love it, but reviewing isn't in my 'bag' normally. But I felt a compelling need to reivew this game after an hour of playing. I forced myself to wait until I had a few more hours under my belt, and have played through the 1st part of the campaign (the pirate parks).Basically, this game is everything I ever wanted from Rollercoaster Tycoon! And more! The detail, the graphics, and most of all, the gameplay are very enjoyable. Some hiccups, sure, but nothing that would keep me from playing this. Frontier made the top of my list when they released Elite Dangerous, one of the games my childhood was spent dreaming about. Now, they've released Planet Coaster, which has reminded me of all the hours I've spent as a kid playing through the various Rollercoaster Tycoon games, and my disappointment at the lack of progress w/ Rollercoaster Tycoon 3.If there was any justice in the world, Frontier would be given the title and IP to Rollercoaster Tycoon, simply because their game so wonderfully brings about an environment where those games legacies not only THRIVE, but have new and interesting challenges and gameplay mechanics.Frontier, I don't know how the heck you guys have made these wonderful games, but if you ever stop, I don't think gaming will EVER be the same again! In your short lifespan (Compared to EA, Sierra, etc) you have brought about more new ideas, more fun, and more advances in your games than other companies have in 3 - 5 years. Good work!EDIT: Honestly, my one regret is this: That I had absolutely no interest in funding this game before it was launched. Anything else Fdev puts forth, I'll fund with whatever money I think is appropriate!"
76561198096999101,Recommended,493340,26674738,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,siioon,"Very good! You spend hours just on little things and realise its 4am, now thats good :)"
,Recommended,493340,26674845,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Kingsmanwells,"Planet Coaster, what an amazing game. very complicated but as soon as you get used to the controlls its very easy. I couldnt recomend this game more, if your thinking about buying it just do it, you wont be dissapointed.   Well done frontier and thankyou for creating such a brilliant game."
,Recommended,493340,26673620,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Noodles,good
,Recommended,493340,26673697,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SUN,"Extremely creative, fun and a huge time sink. The amount of detail is amazing, graphics, sound design and atmosphere is excellent. Managment could use some work, as your park gets bigger it becomes a little long to manage payroll etc. For instance it would be great if we had some more ways of applying pay raises across multiple individuals at the same time amongst other 'macro-management' scenarios that need some love.Building tools have a learning curve, but once you get the hang of it, the sky is the limit.Overall an excellent game. With the addition of the workshop and the communities involvment, this game will be around for a long time.Please consider the 'model' that Cities:Skylines uses.. releasing free updates alongside DLC as the game progresses. Keep the game interesting, but don't milk the cow.A+ Frontier"
,Recommended,493340,26673755,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Sheazer,If you're a fan of the old Roller Coaster Tycoon series (not the new) then this is the game for you.  This game has so much to offer in terms of customization and design.  The controls are intuitive and easy to learn.  The workshop has a plethora of items and will only grow.  Definitely worth the price of admission.
,Recommended,493340,26673783,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Zyvez,"This game is one big memory growing up playing RCT2, But for me this game is better, despite lacking water rides like RCT2 or 3 had, the things to consider for calling this game amazing are the realistic Graphics/Physics and overall feel for the game. The developers spent so much time to per-fect their game and the finished product does just that. I recommend this game to everyone who has a creative mind and loves to communicate with others to improve their projects"
76561197994299595,Recommended,493340,26757447,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,bri997,"I cant wait to spend hundreds of hours on this.  I still havent built my own park, all I have been doing is going  through Steam Workshop and trying out all the rides.  Great fun!"
76561198161994641,Recommended,493340,26759429,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mojojojo1337,"The game is beautiful and fun to play. I have found 2 problems: if you create a roller coaster, then assert that it´s to extreme for your parkpeople, delete the particular rails and build it up again, then you can see the old and new coaster in the heating maps during the building phase -- and the second one, if you are playing on two pc´s and switching between them, there can be cloud synchronisation fails, there it was the first time the game crashed....and I´m playing with amd  6900 series ( low adjustments, but it works very nice, except big parks)  ...otherwise the game is fantastic, i love it to create my own decoration content, to have the workshop feature (very nice content to load) and to place it where i want to, everything looks awesome. I also would love to have a more differentiated management part and more rides like a haunted house, ghost train, casino, mirror house, a petting zoo or an aquarium something with airplanes or a game acard, or something classical like a motor racing circuit and more facilities pizza, sushi, frozen yoghurt, smoothie and sooo ooon ...we want it all =) It´s my favorite game now, I always wanted RCTW to be like that, but it has never happened."
76561198041135639,Recommended,493340,26759218,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Win-In-ANograms,"This game is like going on a perfect date with a slightly inexperienced person.First off, the game/person is a gorgeous thing, well presented, great posture, cultivated yet quirky and fasion concious.The game's at your door on time, and greats you with a smile, it presents itself really well. Your hooked.It casually mentions all the places it can take you for the day.How about walking through alpine forests? Tour the grand canyon? Watch the sunset on tropical beaches that stretch for miles? The worlds your oyster.After arriving (almost instantly), the game starts saying/doing all of the right things, it gives you the time to get comfortable with the surroundings and treats you to a healthy ammont of guests right off the bat... It's teasing you, knowing you love the challange it's presenting, it becons you to go all the way. It almost feels nostalgic, like its your first roller coaster tycoon game.You give in. You pour yourself into the game, explore its many angles and sides. It has sooooo many tools for you to do what you want with it, and the toys/props! Have you ever seen a game bring so many!? Become pirates, space invaders,western adventurers or even japanese samurai (If you know how). You can role play to your harts content.But it's when you conquor the game so easily, do you realise its inexperienced, it hasn't thought out its technique properly. You make thousands of dollars, attract masses of guests and no one complaines. You can have your way with this game, you can dominate it and it won't lift a finger in protest. Even managing the staff turns out to be a breeze. Where's the fun in that? Where's that challange? The game finished too quickly.But, as a summary - It looks stunning, takes you to all the right places, gives you the tools and toys to enjoy yourself with, but when it comes to the gameplay, its doesn't really know how to please you.I'm certain after a few updates it'll be ready to take you on a that perfect date and show off how its honed its technique. With improved management skills, i'm sure this game will be able to go on and on for hours at a time.9/10 would want to get ♥♥♥♥ed by this game."
76561198095549402,Recommended,493340,26651775,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,blaketheake,"I absolutely love it. Reminds me of old simulator games, but adds to about every single aspect. As good as some of the older games were, I wouldn't give up the features Planet Coaster offers. I did notice that even on lower settings it can feel like it's not using all my computer, and the light changing can be ugly at times, but overall very good."
,Recommended,493340,26758925,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Ninblades,It's just like going to Six Flags or Disneyland except you can ride rollercoasters while listening to soothing music without having to wait in line or deal with screaming kids.10/10
,Recommended,493340,26765356,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JobiWan,Very Good Game. The defining theme park game for years to come
,Recommended,493340,26765667,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ShettyGamer,So I cannot stop raving about PLACO! I put thousands of hours into RCT1/2/3 and can finally say that i am satisfied with a park sim again! I hope they allow an auto light/bench/bin feature on paths but it has everything else you thought could be better about older games and more.
,Recommended,493340,26767542,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GGS Reds | Serd,Very good
,Recommended,493340,26773389,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,starfreak47,"This is the game I've been waiting for ever since Roller Coaster Tycoon 1. I didn't play the second and the third was awful in my opinion, but this game revived my passion for tycoon simulation games.+ Graphics+ Customization+ Micromanagement- Optimization- Difficult controls"
,Recommended,493340,26773834,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nyar,"This game is the pinnacle of roller coaster building vidya.Ignore dumbos not recommending the game - they have PCs from the 90s.Average PC can run this game with 60fps without problems, maybe not if You're a silly person and use ATI & AMD instead of Intel & nVidia."
,Recommended,493340,26768630,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The™ Baron,"The camera can be finicky, as can the path-making, but if you put in the time and effort, there's a lot of really cool stuff you can do with Planet Coaster. It may lacking in rides and decorations right now, but it provides a strong base for future updates and expansions, and it's well worth playing already if you have the rig to run it."
76561198253276998,Recommended,493340,26768644,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dewulf_NL,"Great game,This reminds me a lot like the older roller coaster tycoon game"
,Recommended,493340,26822761,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bazulu,A great theme park building game
76561198067888937,Recommended,493340,26823071,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dodger,Yes Please - if u are creative like me (not like kieran) then this is the game!
76561198273453381,Recommended,493340,26822212,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DumbleDoge,Really fun!
,Recommended,493340,26822286,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DignityThief,Best themepark sim on steam.
,Recommended,493340,26829879,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Neosaurus,"Amazing game, what it lacks in management it more than makes up for in sheer beauty."
,Recommended,493340,26828763,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,eXPresso,I have waited YEARS for another coaster sim to come out. This game brings back all of the nostalgia from when I was kid. THIS is a true successor in contrast to RCTW. I can already say it is the best theme park game i ever played.
,Recommended,493340,26653307,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Makaveli,"When the first gameplay for RCTW started coming out, I lost hope that any game would live up to RCT3. But when Frontier announced their new Planet Coaster IP, I knew this would be the one. There is already an enormous amount of Steam workshop content, not to mention the in-game content - DETAIL, DETAIL, DETAIL! This will be a coaster sim benchmark for many, many years I'm sure. I will be spending all of my free time (and maybe more) for the next while playing this game."
76561198055878177,Recommended,493340,26653240,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,CannibalSwine,"The theme park tycoon game I've wanted for many years!Planet Coaster has an incredibly clean and intuitive UI, gorgeous art style, complex yet easy-to-learn game mechanics, cheerful music, and is overall very fun. Using Steam Workshop is another fantastic idea to keep the game going for a long time after release.I highly recommend this game if you are into tycoon games, because it is just complex enough to be challenging and I've already had a tonne of fun with it. 9.5/10 from me."
76561198111460154,Recommended,493340,26766127,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,73shadow,great game shame it keeps crashing
,Recommended,493340,26849386,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fat Sanic,spent my youth playing RCT 12&3 and though im still bad at the game (cant build worth a damn) but i love this game with all my youth
,Recommended,493340,26849571,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Moonknight,This is probably the best theme park game made yet. The only thing lacking is the variety of different themes.
76561198005480967,Recommended,493340,26848357,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Incendium,The Rollercoaster Tycoon 4 that we always wanted but didn't deserve.
76561198024267780,Recommended,493340,26836189,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Invasive_pumpkin,Planet Coaster definitely scratches that coaster sim bug people have had since RCT 3. I have run into two problems but nothing that hasn't been fixed by patches. With upcoming rides and scenery being added to the game and all the Steam Workshop content being made this game is worth the money.
76561198006547200,Recommended,493340,26871796,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OrtyCZ,"Yeah, its exactly what ya want! Now.. just between us, did ya stare at the milky shake cow like me?"
,Recommended,493340,26871005,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tjodd,"This game is great. It's more focused on the little details though. I've spent hours on trying to build the perfect entrance, but failed so far...Hopefully it can develop and grow more during time, More rides and variation, some quirky menus etc could and will probably be fixed, but so far this is a fun and relaxing game."
,Recommended,493340,26872646,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Endeavors,This game brings back the good memories of the original Roller Coaster Tycoon. Currently the game is a lot of fun but I can see it becoming something even better with future updates.
,Recommended,493340,26871144,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bw,"If you like building stuff and making an awesome theme park, then this game is for you. So far not so sold on the management part, seems a bit easy"
,Recommended,493340,26671001,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Spoky,"Great theme park sim, brings me back to playing RCT3, but with upgraded visuals and many more features."
76561198030854843,Recommended,493340,26671019,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,brandoncf,"Amazing game that brings out the best of anyones creative side!My whole family loves this game, my girlfriend loves it too and our six year old has a great time as well. I just set up a sandbox game from him, of course I  help him here and there when he gets stuck, but his imagination just flys with this game too. He even built a building by himself when I showed him the tools, and he always asks to play. My girlfriend loves to profect her paths and she's starting to learn how to make buildings too. We just had a really awesome time passing the keyboard aroud playing, and my pc is always hooked to the tv by the way.I have to say that I love the atmosphere you can create in this game, and it was definetly well worth the money. This game runs great on my pc too, and I do have 16g of ram with an older graphics card a 670 with everything on a mix of high or ultra and it runs fine for me.So I highly suggest Planet Coaster!Btw, I was playing roller coaster tycoon 3 up till I first played this game still. This is way better to me."
,Recommended,493340,26671496,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Yonben,"Amazing game for RCT lovers and anyone who wants to have an immense freedom in theme park creation.As someone coming from tycoon/management games, I must warn that the management side is a bit light (tho it's definitely here and impactful, don't get me wrong), but I'm slowly getting into building nice things because the guests are so well amde they really bring life to your creations.Anyway, I love it !"
76561198004018658,Recommended,493340,26671526,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Svethryth,Superb game. Great fun. I would recommed it to anyone who liked the rollecoaster Tycoon games
76561198115765899,Recommended,493340,26671637,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,The Quacken,"This game is incredible. If you like either management sims or creative sandboxes with a ton of freedom, this is the game for you. The graphics are incredible, and the ride creator is powerful.This is the true sucsessor to RCT3, and I would recomend it to virtually anyone, as long as they like having fun."
76561198012535100,Recommended,493340,26671712,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Reaber52,Awesome!!!Can't stop playing because the Game ia full of Details. The Graphics and Sound are really good and the coatumer Support by Frontier is fine. The Rides and Coasters are nice and the scenery stuff fills your Park with life and colour.10/10 Stars. Keep it going Frontier <3
76561198342616013,Recommended,493340,26671713,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,iainwill,"Amazing attention to detail (minus the trees - they're a bit tacky) but coasters, shops, scenery absolutely fantastic! The game it's self is just beyond compare. Going from RCT3 to this is like living a dream (as sad as that sounds).Buy it but read the system requirements. I had to buy a new graphics card, but it was worth every penny! 😀"
,Recommended,493340,26713945,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Redwood,Great experience. Really reminded be of Rollercoaster tycoon. Basically the exact same game but this is just the improved version everyone was hoping for.Solid 9/10
76561198077122311,Recommended,493340,26713985,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,gillburt,"Brilliant game, well executed and gorgeous to look at. The attention to detail is staggering and, as an aging gamer, it has been a long long time since I played a game and completely lost track of time/had to stop because I'd got tired.Managment of the work force could be tightened up a bit, as it takes a bit of clicking, and I'd like to see making custom buildings easier, as there is just so so so much choice.In short, this has to be my favourite game for many many years. Briliant."
,Recommended,493340,26713995,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,peterbourbon,In my opinion it's the best and most complex theme park simulation to date. Amazing game with a really low price for what you finally get.
76561198007949295,Recommended,493340,26713970,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Fatherdaeth,Options within options within options.. They did an incredible job on this game.It's one of those that just makes a joke out of any other game of it's kind.I like the fact that you can get down in the scene from anywhere you want and just look around. The detail and animations of guests is just crazy. You can ride the rides if you want to in different views. You can go in first person view as one of the guests on the ride if you want to and look around and actually see your arms and body.Graphics are very nice and not to costly.You can choose sandbox mode and just build whatever you want with unlimited money.You can choose custom scenarios. prebuilt parks that need work with goals to reach or even choose a prebuilt park from a custom scenario and put it in sandbox mode.. there are options everywhere.They have already added the workshop and you can find ppl online in game and see what they have built.You will unlock more scenarios by reaching all the goals in other ones.There are tons of options for the rides themselves.If you want a sim tycoon game that's next gen where you can make a park exactly the way you've always wanted to than this is the only game that will let you do that...
,Recommended,493340,26668111,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Anxiety,"Oh my god I love it! I never really liked RCT games and building up games are just a Meh for me, but this one, this one has something I like!"
76561198080527250,Recommended,493340,26649815,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TwisterX,"I don't have time to write a proper review, there's too much puke in my park and the game is telling me to build more first aid facilities :D"
,Recommended,493340,26668087,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Løp3r,"What's that other game called again? Oh yeah it was Roller Coaster Tycoon World. Well, iPlanet Coaster reks that game in every possible way.The true successor to RCT3! Well done Frontier!"
76561198031075741,Recommended,493340,26664979,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,inGe,"Having a blast so far. The game is a must have for Tycoon games fans. Loving the effects, sound, graphics, visitors emotions, coasters, shops, staff members, so much fun.Edit: removed all the mentioned bugs, I couldn't found 1 in the final release. The game is just amazing."
,Recommended,493340,26668122,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dumpster Slut,Everything we dreamed it would be and more.
,Recommended,493340,26668124,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Kryptonz,Game is amazing and will only get better with upcoming updates and features!I HIGHLY recommend this game.
,Recommended,493340,26668158,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Uguu~ Goutye,Mind-blowingly satisfying.
,Recommended,493340,26668164,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Stefanoslav,Amazing how smooth the game runs! I feel way back to the day when games worked on their publishing day. Planet Coaster is to Roller Coaster Tycoon what Cities: Skylines is to Sim City. Amazing job!﻿ I recommend it to everone who likes to build stuff. I couldn't get away from it and got to bed at 2:30 in the morning although I had to get up at 8. Awesome!
,Recommended,493340,26668168,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,#1 Mitur Banisdurty,"I have been waiting for this for 12 years. So far, it's everything I had ever wished RCT would become (sadly, RCTW seems to be heading in the wrong direction). Was afraid at first after seeing some of the videos from alpha/beta, but the coaster design engine works pretty much flawlessly, and easy once you get into it. Scenery is amazing, and building custom structures is a breeze.If you loved RCT/RCT2/RCT3, this is a MUST."
,Recommended,493340,26668189,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Marlo Painter,"I would have to nitpick to find problems. Since it just came out, I'm sure the tiny flaws I'm finding will be hammered out. However, hands-down, this blows every Theme Park game out of the water.There are a few details in the shops and some contruction bits that I think were handled better in RCT2, but these can be easily updated.The controls are a bit clunky at first, and building seems unintuitive. Once you learn what's going on, it's actually very good.Nearly everything is amazing. If only somewhat enjoy Theme Park games, you'll find enough hours to make this worthwhile. If you like and/or love them, this is a must have!"
76561198030197227,Recommended,493340,26668202,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Breaders,"Not many games would keep me away from Civ 6 and Cities: Skylines, but this does, and I feel will continue to do so for a while. I've had this a couple of days, and have done about 17 hours. I have a feeling I'll manage to double that over the weekend.It is a little confusing to start with, but that weridly adds to it, I keep learning better way to do things.Maybe I'm doing things wrong, but I can't seem to get props to float on water, though I did once so it must be possible.The terrain editing is truly awesome, it provides amazing results in very very little time. Want your ride to be inside a cave/mountain? Hold down raise ground and move the mouse around a bit!The sounds are great, the graphics are great - excellent performance too. The customers have excellent charm, as do the staff.Add to that all the potential workshop content and possibly modding(?) this game has some real longevity.Add it to your Xmas list - or even better, just get it anyway.In future I'd like to see more ""kisok"" type games, like duck-shooting and things like that, I'd also like to see more water features like sail boats, swan boats etc.But for now, there is more than enough to keep me going for months.Sorry Civ 6 and C:S, I will see you soon I'm sure."
76561198030374060,Recommended,493340,26668148,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Nukealope,Wow.  Just wow.  It's release day.  I seriously ignored my wife today.  Tomorrow I think I'll buy her a puppy.  It's gonna be awhile before she sees me again.
76561197976832409,Recommended,493340,26668260,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Malax,"I never write reviews for game on Steam. But for this one? It's amazing! I loved the RCT series to death and this is basically the same, but turned to 11. Highly recommended for everyone who liked RCT. :)"
,Recommended,493340,26668277,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,HNA NAUT,Not disappointed. I really like this game lol
,Recommended,493340,26668301,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,∞ Pendragon ∞,Finally a real successor to RCT !!! Great gameplay combined with great graphics and sound.
,Recommended,493340,26668320,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Warz,"Very pleasant game !The editor is incredible as we just can build everything we want ! Ground modelling is awesomeMade my second park yesterday as I play since beta and it is so cool to change type/style of building.Guest are quite funny to see too, so much details around them.The management part is also quite entertaining !Enjoy and have fun !"
76561198040985608,Recommended,493340,26668422,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,flairboy82,"A fantastic game in in its current state which allows you to build and create beautiful parks. Just go on you tube and check out any video to get a feel for the game, beacause words really dont do it any justice."
76561198062873391,Recommended,493340,26668525,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Limetoe,10/10. The team who worked on this game had passion and enjoyed making it. Which is probably why theres so much detail into this game! DO NOT BUY RCTW! ITS TERRIBLE
,Recommended,493340,26651421,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BarterClub,"I hate how Rollercoaster Tycoon will release one day befor this game. Please just get this game. Its way more updated to the new era of video games.The game is very enjoyable to play, has that relaxing component when playing. The people in the game are in groups and flow freely in the game. They will cause issues with not enough space on the path, so plan ahead. The graphics take a lot to run. On a 980ti it can't hit a solid 60fps with max settings.Pros:- Steam Workshop- Can make anything- Very enjoyable- Feels enjoyable to play (this is hard to explain)- Great Graphics- All stalls are custom madeCons:- No mod support- Hard to hit 60fps on max 980tiI'll add more as the game goes forward."
76561198038588488,Recommended,493340,26651453,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,harrycourt,Stunning graphics. A game like this had been desired for a long time. Looking forward to playing more!
,Recommended,493340,26651456,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,OrbsArchibald,Awesome game
76561198022121504,Recommended,493340,26651464,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Supreme Guardian,YES... GOOD GAME!!!!
76561198040724878,Recommended,493340,26651559,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,JackLoves,"After only half an hour of playing in a sandbox I can say this is an excellent theme park game.  Very intuitive, easy to place things.  This is the theme park sim we've been waiting for."
76561197974618075,Recommended,493340,26651577,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,fade,A true successor to RollerCoaster Tycoon 3. Sleak interface and the graphics run quite nice. Very polished. It is not often you get the game you had hoped for. This one hit the mark. Very excited!
76561198026324180,Recommended,493340,26651580,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,JaySmif - Logi,Exactly what I wanted to revive my love for the tycoon series.  Frontier out shined themselves on this masterpeice.
76561198329266407,Recommended,493340,26651584,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Travis Scott,Amazing a must buy
,Recommended,493340,26651636,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Zorua,I didn't know I needed this game in my life. 10/10.
,Recommended,493340,26651647,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,🎃Resaix,The game is everything a Rollercoaster tycoon fan could wish for. We could use more assets tho :)
76561198344666090,Recommended,493340,26651667,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,djoasil5,"This is a good game, but you will have problems if you are not an advanced user in connection to computers since you need DirectX 11.0 graphic cards to play this game. The website of Planet Coaster should write an article for individual graphic cards, as in DirectX 12, 10, ect. Otherwise this game is probably great depending on your view of building, creating crafting a world/area of roller coasters."
76561198018924283,Recommended,493340,26651673,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Mixtrate,"Amazing game, love all the customization."
76561197985231945,Recommended,493340,26651692,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Boz_uk,What a great game! Ive waited a long time for a good game of this type. Well worth the money!
76561198041571879,Recommended,493340,26651695,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Radoster,"I cannot recommend this game enough for anyone that enjoyed any of the original 3 roller coaster tycoon games. Even if you didn't like rct 3. The only downside with this game is just how demanding it is. Even with my 1060 and my other computer's 970, the game only runs around 50fps at medium-high settings."
76561198089473659,Recommended,493340,26651827,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SerenaChamberlyn,"7 hours in... Never mind building a roller coaster, I've spent most of that time building a castle, terraforming and adding plants! Totally in love purely with the building and creative aspects of this game - textures are stunning and the game running surprisingly well on my old gtx710, which normally barely stumbles its way around with most current games.Despite what I'd been expecting, the learning curve for controls isn't too steep. Yes paths aren't the easiest things to place, and when building trying to get pieces to fit around the shops can be a bit awkward (I would love to see in future the ability to put the shop front wall pieces actually on the shop front rather than ahead of it, slight OCD moments when I can't get the walls totally flush). I'm sure once I've played more I'll find other minor issues, but certainly so far nothing has popped up that I've found really detracting from the experience.I bought the thrillseeker edition a few hours before the game came up for official release, having watched others playing it and heard a little of the soundtrack, primarily so that I could have the soundtrack. Definitely no regrets, the music on this is so relaxing and I'm sure will be on repeat for the next few weeks.Overall, the amount of care and thought that the dev team have put into planning and making Planet Coaster really does show. If you're the sort of person that enjoys detail and games that really let you be creative, I can't reccomend this one enough!"
76561198015773970,Recommended,493340,26651876,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MrPrezident,"WARNING! If you are using Window 10 Preview Build 10965/10971 the game will not work. Quoting Ryan Spooner from one of the forums ""Be Warned: If you play Planet Coaster, or intend to when the final version launches tomorrow, this build is NOT for you. There's a terrible mouse bug introduced with 14965 that causes Planet Coaster to be unplayable. Essentially as soon as you start trying to rotate the camera with the mouse (either hold right and left mouse, or middle button, then move the mouse) you get massive lag, DWM service cpu usage spikes and you get a beeping fest from your PC. It gradually gets worse until a PC reset is required.""The developer is aware of the issue as of 4 days ago, from what I could find. Not sure how long it will be for a fix. Havent been able to play yet, looks amazing. I would still recommend the game."
,Recommended,493340,26651894,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,nearlyNon,"Roller Coaster Tycoon's sequel that should have been. Still rough around the edges sometimes, yes, but with the heart of the original and a modern feel. I heavily recommend it if you have a creative side.Just one word to the devs: don't ♥♥♥♥ this up. Don't get greedy with any future DLC. Let this game grow."
,Recommended,493340,26651918,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,aashah,"10/10, can't wait for more updates soon!"
,Recommended,493340,26651927,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Duk,"Planet coaster has almost everything I want. I hope better mod support is in the future, but the game is a blast and has loads of room for creativity right out of the box."
76561197999564418,Recommended,493340,26651951,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Gofygure,"My only regret with this game is that I got a full-time dream job right before the beta. All I want to do is sink hundreds of hours into it and never see daylight again. Curse you, dream job!"
,Recommended,493340,26651963,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,The Other White Meat,!!!Beta Review!!!Was great ran at 60fps or better on my 970 so mcuh to customize only negative was that there was not a huge amout to do in the beta but god its a good looking game hands down buy this one over RCTW
,Recommended,493340,26652138,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,xanax,"SO FAR IN THE GAME... THIS GAME IS AMAZING!Roller Coaster designing/building is as smooth as it ever has been, new scenerios are great, new coasters are awesome, scenery and terain tools are amazing, as well as other great stuff.My quams...-Paths are still very annoying-Staff randomly quit, and if you have a large park, you will be spending a lot of time keeping your staff happy-Poorly Optimized, SIMS CITY IS BETTER OPTIMIZED THAN THIS!-Some bugs involving peeps getting stuck on rides (THIS NEEDS FIXING!)If you have a decent rig and liked RTC 1, 2, or 3, BUY THIS GAME! If you are looking for an amusement park simulator, BUY THIS GAME!Overall Rating: 8.8/10 (BUY IT)This game is about to consume my life."
76561198001465276,Recommended,493340,26652140,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,heidadlister,"Masterpiece!  If you search for the ultimate park simulation- search no more- this should be called : "" Master coaster"" instead of planet coaster!"
,Recommended,493340,26652176,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,DoggoMama,"TL;DR.If you've played RCT? And loved it? You'll love this. It's RCT on steroids, the best, lovely kind of steroids.As someone who as played every RCT in the series, this is seriously an amazing, expansive, and fresh feel for a game that has all the charm of RCT but with an upgrade unlike no other.  The level of detail, and control you have over your park is something RCT can only wish it had.  From the expansive scenery, and props; to the fun control you have over engineering coasters and other exciting rides.As Frontier has developed other great games such as Elite Dangerous, and helped with Roller Coaster Tycoon 1-3, they have taken their great engineers and developed this fun, exciting, and challenging game. I absolutely love this game, and will definitely dump more and more hours of my life into this as I did in RCT 1-2-3.Gameplay - 9/10Graphics - 8/10Replayability - 10/10Amount of fun - 10/10"
,Recommended,493340,26646120,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,GirthShaker,"Ez Gud GAME, I build Thing, go wOOOOOOOooooOO trash puke everywhere and dead entertainer, AMERICA."
76561198026172442,Recommended,493340,26646131,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Handsome Matt,My personal game of the year
,Recommended,493340,26646140,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,WizardJeremy,"This is easily a spectacular themepark builder created by the same people who made Roller Coaster Tycoon 3.Create your own park with it's own rides, shops, coasters etc. with a ever so detailed customisable system where you can build buildings and props to design your own looks and manage your services and staff as well as marketing. There is a ton of gameplay and ton of easy and challenging ways to play the game.Unleashing your creativity is wonderful and you can easily play around while listening to the amazing soundtrack and see the beautiful graphics.Pros:- Lots of maps- Variety of challenging career modes- Tons of creativity with scenery- Loads of coasters, rides, and shops etc.- Great terraforming tools- Set angles, grid, lengths of buildings- Fun managing systems and charts of your park- Complex control and options- Ride your own rides- Roller Coaster Tycoon charm- Modernised some stuff- Timeless feel- Intergrated Steam Workshop for uploading and downloading other creations- Cool online menu for your own Avatar and others around the worldCons:- some bugs and glitches- sometimes the coaster/path building is clunky but it's easily fixable by setting different angles, lengths etc.- Avatar customisation doesn't have much- There are some things you can't recolourMy Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,493340,26646151,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,sliGi (OuchOwie),"Its a great game that feels more like a roller coaster tycoon game than RCTW ever did. Keep in mind before getting this game, it is pretty demanding as of now, likely due to just poor optimization, I have a gtx 1070 and get around 40fps in my park which has about 1000 guests, 2 roller coasters and a bunch of rides. But beside that, the game is addicting as hell."
76561198080507072,Recommended,493340,26646154,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,joshmrivers,The development team at Frontier has officially set the bar for new park management simulation games. Thank you everyone at Frontier for making such an outstanding game for which my best friend and I will continue to play for years to come.
76561198032180796,Recommended,493340,26646157,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Deejayess,"Only played the beta for a few days but im seriously impressed so far. This game is everything you would want in a park sim. The creative possibilites are huge even with the limited content available so far, I literally spent hours perfecting the terrain and scenery around one ride."
76561198124871001,Recommended,493340,26646160,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Uncle Bob,great game. very addicting. controls are very easy to pickup. if your looking for a more realistic coaster builder pick up no limits 2
76561197976091245,Recommended,493340,26646163,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Chompski,"The amount of love that has been put into this game is unprecedented, frontier know their game and they certainly know their audience!"
76561198033892038,Recommended,493340,26646188,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Fizzbang,"There have been so many lessons this week on how to produce a great game.It shows that with the community working with you, you can deliver a truly fantastic game, ignoring them results in a disaster.This is truly a fantastic piece of work from a very talented team of developers who actually love the concept and are also one of the community too.If you are in any doubt on if this is worth buying...fret not...this is as good as it gets.Enjoy!!!"
,Recommended,493340,26646207,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Marshmello pvpro.com bolt.gg,Its so good and ive only got 20 hours. This is def a needed game for old RCT peeps.
,Recommended,493340,26646231,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,JayDawn,"The true Roller Coaster Tycoon 4.The amount of detail and content they've put into this game is incredible. The graphics and animations are also fantastic. Every little thing in the game can be custom-created, and for past RCT fans the nostalgia is definitely there.I'm hoping (and assuming) they create some expansions such as a Waterpark one.Only negative is that you can't seem to kill your guests. Sigh..."
76561198001521896,Recommended,493340,26646235,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Chiuri,ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!!BUY THIS GAME!
76561198024767267,Recommended,493340,26646260,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,opitacamilo,"Amazing game, have been waiting long time for a game like this. Graphics are amazing and it's so fun to play it."
76561198049366614,Recommended,493340,26646308,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ernie,"If you like all the RollerCoaster Tycoon games (especially RCT 3) then this game is really for you.It's not only what RollerCoaster Tycoon World should have been, it's even waybetterthan I imagined it would be!I played the Beta and it wasn't the first Beta I ever did, but this game was more stable/enjoyable in Beta than any other game I ever played in Beta."
,Recommended,493340,26646320,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nettle,"Wow... just wow. I am no stranger to theme park simulators, especially since RCT1 was one of the first PC games I ever owned as a child.I thought all hope for a good theme park simulator was lost after trying ""the other game"" but when I loaded up my first scenario on this game I spent about 20 minutes just zooming the camera around and looking at all the detail - it was amazing. I stumbled around a bit because the beta did not contain a tutorial but I found the controls easy to adapt. I'm sure I'm doing some things the hard way but it works all the same.I have high hopes toward the future of this game and can't wait to continue playing it every chance I get."
,Recommended,493340,26646342,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Vortex,"When I was younger Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 was my favorite game. I've been waiting YEARS for a new game to come out like it but they all sucked. I almost re-downloaded RCT3 until I found the beautiful Planet Coaster! This game is all around great, make the park you want to make and share it with everyone! I purchased the Thrillseaker edition of the game and it was great, but now that the beta was out and now the full game is out it made the game even better! With bug fixes, new rides, and the game just runs great on my mediocre PC. I give this game a 9/10, everything is basically perfect! I recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,493340,26646346,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SummerOTG,"Exceeded my expectations in every way. Super addictive to play, stunningly gorgeous to look at, and just downright fun. If you are a fan of RCT games of old, then know that this is *THE* best RCT game ever made, from the developers of the original games. Two big thumbs up. Thanks Frontier!"
76561198032462374,Recommended,493340,26646416,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,carlislehockey,So much customization in this game. It will definitely satisfy your theme park fantasy!
,Recommended,493340,26646427,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Palico,Great game
,Recommended,493340,26646485,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,e900i,"Yeah, it's good."
,Recommended,493340,26652199,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,atomiK,Everything you wanted RCT3 to be
,Recommended,493340,26652270,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,frozen tv dinner (as seen on tv),"I don't tend to write reviews, but this game really struck a cord with me and I'd like others like me to know what this game is.So let's start off. Planet Coaster is like a hybrid of Cities: Skylines and Rollercoaster Tycoon 3. It's got the sleek interface and building of C:S and the awesome creative potential from the Rollercoaster Tycoon games. The game has intuitive controls for the most part and looks gorgeous, even for a game where you wont be seeing the props and rides up close. However, it also runs fairly well. The artstyle has the perfect bland of realism and cartoony-style, making the game look absolutely amazing.Now let's talk the gameplay. Honestly, there isn't much in the way of just buildings to plop down. There's a handful of blueprints, but there aren't many. But I see this as a good thing. Why? Well, the game gives you the tools to make the buildings you see. You get a basic ""block"" that has the store in it, then you can build walls, roofs, windows, doors, lights, awnings, signs, and more. Basically you can make whatever the hell you want. Now, some people don't like to spend 50 minutes making a bathroom, but those people are in luck. Other players can share their buildings on the workshop, making sharing coasters, track rides, and themed buildings a breeze.Finally, let's talk price. Is this game worth $45 USD? Short answer is yes. Long answer is if you have the money, enjoy games like Cities: Skylines or Rollercoaster Tycoon, as well as are willing to take advantage of the steam workshop, this game is absolutely worth every penny. The open endedness of this game offers so much to the players and modders, making the amount of content in-game constantly grow. Compared to some Triple A titles, this game holds up in almost every way to the standard that triple A games hold, if not exceeding them.Pros:- Openended and easy to share parks/buildings/rides- HUGE amount of tools to build personal buildings/rides- Looks amazing for a tycoon game (Very close to Cities: Skylines)- Controls fairly well- Runs well for the most part, despite my mid-low range PC- Management system is fairly light if you don't want to go into it- Genuinly challenging challengesCons:- Little tutorial as of when I bought the game.- Game can slow down significantly with larger parks- Terrain can sometimes clash with costers/rides, making it difficult to buildOverall:Great game. Worth the money. Buy it."
76561198116663381,Recommended,493340,26652271,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,vicente809,great game if you like building theme parks this is the best game for itfrom the creators of RTCGood job guys!!!!!!
,Recommended,493340,26652294,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,The Boss,"played the beta a few hours and have been following the development for a while.Pro's:- You can build your own buildings from scratch.- The building tools are easy to learn but hard to master.- The visitor AI is very nice compared to other coaster sims.- The overall look of the game is almost pixar level fun.Cons:- I find the quantity of thrill rides lacking.- The themes are limited, even when you build them yourself (no western themed rides and mascots).- If you aren't creative enough to design and build the buildings yourself, you have to depend on the community.The game is possibly one of the best coaster sims right now, but I hope they'll add (free) themes and (thrill) rides in the future to ensure a more complete out of the box experience."
,Recommended,493340,26652306,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Crige,If you like the roller coaster tycoon series then you'll like this game.
,Recommended,493340,26667036,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Kawaii Killer CT,"I love this game. It brings back the smile on my face that Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 gave me when I was a child. The amount of detail and the pure happiness of the game makes this game worthwhile. Keep it up Frontier, you're my favorite game company right now."
76561198144609834,Recommended,493340,26667085,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Papa J,Best theme park simulator out. Been playing for about 40 hours now and omg the amount of stuff you can do. The fact that you spend countless hours on just scenery near a ride is amazing because you end up loving your creations and the best thing about designing your park is that the more you do the more ideas pop in your head. Would highly recommend+1
76561198054967215,Recommended,493340,26667159,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,[CGO] LonelyLunchbox,"Very good game, trust in the coaster."
76561198056733882,Recommended,493340,26667175,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ian.Sanity,"I played the original RCT back in the day and I must say that this is absolutely a fun game. To those who say it  lacks management aspects, I laugh and say, ""you are wrong."""
,Recommended,493340,26667181,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,subsystem79,"If you like RCT, you will love this! easy to learn. I love that you can build alot of your themes, It lets alot to the imagination. I have been waiting years for another Rollercoaster themepark game. I would really like to see some water park items, like a lazy river tool with water works, water slides and wave pools. Some Zoo type exhibits would be really cool. thow a bunch more theme building items in the mix and this game will be Beyond awesome! (it's already awesome!)  I am running my graphics on Ultra and did have the game freeze up one time and had to force close. haven't had it happen since. I'd still consider it very stable. Thanks for not Pre-releasing this game and making it great! a Big thanks to the developers for all their hard work. Keep it up!"
76561198087995366,Recommended,493340,26667208,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,conoreleven,"The most beautiful game i have ever played. What Cities Skylines did to Sim City, this game will do to RCTW."
76561197998857162,Recommended,493340,26667269,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dalai Alpaca,"The game makes me feel like a kid again. 10/10, would coaster again."
,Recommended,493340,26649156,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Adsito,Best Park Tycoon game ever. Awesome customisation and good optimisation.Looking forward to Soaked style expansion pack!
,Recommended,493340,26912621,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hydra,This game will really suck you in. The amount of customization for literally everything is limitless.
,Recommended,493340,26911605,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Niewy,Must buy Coaster Builder Game
,Recommended,493340,26649860,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,bootie101,"Best rollercoaster game since rollercoaster tycoon 3.. Loving it.. The graphics are lovely, the PEEP models are cute as and the game runs really well even if a huge busy park. Grats to the dev team. .. REALLY GRATS.   :D"
,Recommended,493340,26912369,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,legolamb321,Very good game. not for casual gamers but the level of detail is astounding
,Recommended,493340,26799000,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Toshiaki,Did a review just for the badge.
,Recommended,493340,26666282,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,5114KDE:,The best Rollercoaster sim game to ever come out. Take notes Atari you can learn a few things.
,Recommended,493340,26666310,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,AJ_ClickBeast,"Love it! This game has the feel of a game that will last years if DLC is released.Frontier have built a foundation with Planet Coaster and it's stronger than diamond, can't wait to see what else they add into it."
76561198091760115,Recommended,493340,26666311,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Lord Megatron,"Simply Amazing, No other words to describe it."
76561198040340563,Recommended,493340,26666325,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,rustbucket80,"I love this game! This is the same people who made RCT3 (the best one) and it shows! This almost seems like a sequel to RCT3. I wish they had done a little more like adding gift shops you can pass through on your way off a ride, but this is just nitpicking. I have an older i7-2700k and a 760 ti and the game runs and looks beautiful. The UI is great, and everything seems highly polished and works! Highly recommend. Will be on the lookout for expansions to this one."
76561198005683443,Recommended,493340,26666370,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,HorreC,"I can not say how much I waited for this game, and now that its finally here, I can say with all the enthusisum I had as a younge one. THIS IS GREAT!!This is what the genere was in my head, every time I looked back fondly I would think sim coster was like this, but we all know it wasent. This allows me to get down to almost nuts and bolts of every small thing in the game. I havent wanted to sit down and play a sim game and lose a whole weekend in it since the hype of the last sim city and that game let everyone down so much it kind of crushed my spirt for these games. But now all the love these games recived from me in my childhood is back!!!The designers of this game took the time to really build out a game that would give us the tools to make the things of our dreams, even if those dreams kill the people that will ride it, we can still get on it and witness what (soon really is the VR dream comes true) our minds would have put those little people thru!!Thank you guys for this, when I saw the early access I kind of had a drop in my heart as so many great projects never leave and then also strip away all the things that made those that saw the original goal buy into it. You compleated your work and really improved apon it. I hope the gamers out there are willing to spend money on this and make you guys the poster child of what game companies should be selling to the masses."
,Recommended,493340,26666540,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,░▒▓ ntropy ▓▒░,You can launch coasters straight in to the ground
,Recommended,493340,26666575,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Kalex,At the moment its running a little laggy at 144Hz on a 980ti might be something on my end. Great game to take your mind off things.
,Recommended,493340,26666585,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Shacky,"This is so far one of the best coaster tycoon games I've played. I was a big fan of the RCT series with RCT3 being my favorite. When I heard Frontier, the developer of RCT3 was making Planet Coaster, I knew it would be an insta-buy. So far, I have not been disappointed.Designing your own coasters is very easy and fluid. The guests in your park are more than your average sim. And the ability to make buildings, especially around coaster entrances, is amazing.The staff management could use some improvement for micromanagement. Also there is a much needed micromanagement for having multiple of the same shops. I'm would like the option to change the price and extras across all my same type shops (like burger shops) instead of having to make the changes to each on individually.Highly recommend this game, especially if you were a fan of RCT3."
,Recommended,493340,26666660,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Neon-NS,"In some ways this game is familiar to the earlier Roller Coaster Tycoon games, And in other ways it has surpassed my expectations. Planet Coaster is the must-have theme park simulator of today for any fan of simulators and earlier Roller Coaster Tycoon games.The spiritual successor by Frontier is far better by a gigantic margine than the actual successor and big fat disappointment that is Roller Coaster Tycoon World: Another mudstain by Atari on the legendary RCT series just like the 3DS and Mobile versions.If you're ever looking for Theme Park Simulators of today, i would only ever 100% recommend Planet Coaster!"
76561198034206976,Recommended,493340,26666679,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MyClueRages,buy it noobs
,Recommended,493340,26666713,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Doctor Pristine,It's the Cities Skylines of the Roller Coaster genre.
76561198048756502,Recommended,493340,26666722,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Medic9107,The best.
,Recommended,493340,26666740,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Kalakov,"Why are you still reading... Just buy it, its worth it.A+++*****"
76561197961558880,Recommended,493340,26666770,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MingusAmongUs,True RCT!
76561198077889751,Recommended,493340,26666411,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Tobay,I Really REALLY enjoy this game once you get used to the controls. It really reminds me of 15+ years ago playing the old RCT. Worth the 40 bucks in my opinion only  a few hours in and im super glad I purchased.
,Recommended,493340,26666380,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,treddy73,"This game absolutely has a Roller Coaster Tycoon vibe to it.  The gameplay is identical, but the music is catchy and the visuals are awesome.  The menus are a little confusing.  I had a hard time finding the garbage can because trash was piling up on the paths and my janitors were wandering in the wrong areas.  I pretty much had to click every tab and option to finally find it.I played the first career park and it took me about 90 minutes to complete all of the challenges and get a gold star.  You can tell where my park additions were made.  The starting park is an absolutely beautiful pirate theme.  I pretty much ruined the scenery with my sloppy ride and path placement.  :)Even if you've played RCT to death, I still feel this game is worth a shot.  I don't ever see myself being able to create beautiful parks, but I can't wait to try."
76561198026979234,Recommended,493340,26666996,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Sanakara,Couldnt stop smiling while playing it :)Little things to complain about:No real tutorials ...Many explanations are missing ...Not as much Rides as i expected ...anyway ... its RCT 4
76561198121110035,Recommended,493340,26667010,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Luis,Gamem is a true successor to RCT3 and the amount of detail is insane. Cannot wait for expansions and Planet Safari!!!
76561197966551877,Recommended,493340,26667015,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,maxmax12,OMG THE MUSIC GET IT OUT OF MY HEAD!.in other news.GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME10/10
76561198030217321,Recommended,493340,26667018,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Pua,"Greetings!I've been following the game since alpha 1 and bought the Thrillseeker edition to play the beta. The beta phase was to cater to the people that wanted to expand the game and improve the performance. This has to be the game that met almost all expectations from the people who wants an 'updated' version of RCT3. It's like the Cities: Skylines of SimCity. Paradox and Frontier are great developers and they deserve every bit of applause for a job well done.Quick warning though, because of the AI decision making, it takes up a lot of cpu. It might require a mid or mid-high end gaming pc to play the game. This game is not for people who wants a stable 60+fps from the start of making an empty park to a filled up park. If you are one of them, I recommend that you purchase the game when everything's stable or suited to your taste."
76561198000185672,Recommended,493340,26664986,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,mikeeTheGerman,"Wow, the put so much stuff into this software, it is amazing."
76561198171944374,Recommended,493340,26665029,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,micharl18,its much better than rollercoaster tycoon world without bugs and its the best rollercoaster game by a fantastic dev.
76561198154955049,Recommended,493340,26665033,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,kramerica industries,"Just got it, loving it so far."
,Recommended,493340,26665039,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,aaronmckie,"Been looking for a replacement to Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 for years and years; this one delivers amazingly!Should be no surprise that it's from the same developer.Most fun I've had in a long time, and first time I bought a new release game in years and years."
76561198065076716,Recommended,493340,26665055,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,kiki2thousand,"If you guys don't know yet, this is made by Frontier, the same guys who created Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, and IT ♥♥♥♥ING SHOWS!!!!!!!!!!! Just like Nerd3 said: ""This is the future of this genre"" and I agree 100%. I haven't played too much of the game yet but I can tell that I am going to be addicted. So, if you guys don't own this game yet and you are a fan of roller coasters or theme park sims than this one is for you.Pros:Smooth terraformingGreat coaster buildingGood amount of customization (both scenery and custom buildings)(there is a lot of stuff but I ain't a review writer so I can't really list them all)Cons:Sometimes tha game lags for a second or so, this is something that I've seen a few people experience but it's nothing crazy"
,Recommended,493340,26665061,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,EndlessCodex,Great game. Way worth the $40.00
76561198127313264,Recommended,493340,26665091,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,GuaiGuaiLei,"First played when I was 7 years old, I had played the RCT2 continuously for almost five years and have been addicted to build my ""Six Flag"" so much. Amazing game and I will support it no matter how much it costs. 爱死这个游戏了！爱死这个游戏了！爱死这个游戏了！------子曾经曰过：""Important thing say three times!""Bty, If this game could come out with a Chinese support later then it would be perfect ! Love the Rollercoaster series forever."
76561198031158440,Recommended,493340,26665160,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,spectral_lynx82,Very fluid gameplay with tons of variety and customisation.
76561198235110268,Recommended,493340,26650483,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,jaimeb311,Absolute blast. Been playing since beta and i've only seen it get better and better. I'm excited to see the future cotent!
,Recommended,493340,26650510,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,katah,Wow what a beautiful game! Maxed setting across the board and it runs like warm butter! Been waiting for a game like this for ages and it's finally here!  A must buy for sure!
76561198012780465,Recommended,493340,26650519,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Valar Morghulis,Very great and fun game. Although I hadn't much time to try it out yet. But there are just so many things you can do. It's like a The Sims Rollercoaster - Addon.
,Recommended,493340,26650532,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Paprik,"Absolutely fantastic game in all aspects. I would say it's polished beyond even Blizzard's standards.It's the little things that make it the best:The pathing tool is just so good, no need to think in 90 degrees only anymore, it's just absolutely effortless to make nice curved paths exactly the way you want them.Some scenarios have a roller coaster station + scenery ready leaving just the track design to you. Again, super smart.Many things can overlap to an extent, ending all frustrating ""Dude, come on, why can't I build here ffs""Nice difficulty options fromsuper casual afk sandbox wintoyo, bi**h, where my money at?. This is often lacking in other tycoon games (I'm looking at you Cities: Skylines)."
,Recommended,493340,26650561,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Mistercloud,"Finally a gamepark simulation worse of our time ! Frontiere is back with an amazing new game experience that capture the vibes of the old RollerCoaster Tycoon games !The graphics are excellent, well optimized and the game itself is super fun !"
76561198101718538,Recommended,493340,26650577,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Holefek,Best rollercoaster game since rct2!
76561197999647195,Recommended,493340,26650592,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,rls5146,It is everything i hoped it would be and so much more. Best 45$ i have spent in a long time!
76561198019604636,Recommended,493340,26650635,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Noodles,"A bright new future for theme park games!Interface and visuals very similiar to RCT3, great graphics. But, takes time getting used to making paths & tracks, and should have much more flat rides. Either way, all hail the new king, this new great game, hopefully even franchise. May RCT's memory be blessed and cherished, it's time to move on."
76561198031395744,Recommended,493340,26647460,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Jemsdaan,Not Rollercoaster Tycoon: World
76561198313621439,Recommended,493340,26650650,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,shane_moritz,Amazing game one of the best simulation games I have ever played. graphics are great and so is the gameplay. You can literally create everything you want with little to no restrictions. It far surpasses and other roller coaster game ever created!!!!!!
76561197987796776,Recommended,493340,26650676,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,FatalFinn,"I pretty much like everything about this game.- The game looks very beautiful and the music is so happy and soothing. I could spend all day just watching and listening to all the rides-  Guests are well designed though sometimes might act a bit ""robotic""-  Piece-by-piece scenery building is very well done. You might end up customizing a hot dog stall for 2 hours- Custom sceneries can be easily shared in Steam Workshop where you could find pretty neat builds right at the launch day- Career mode scenarios are well done- Challenge mode is nice variation to Sandbox- Building rollercoasters yourself is quite simple with the new builder. Just wish there were a bit more pre-made coasters but I guess they're counting on the WorkshopSimply put this game is very beautiful. On launch day people have been reporting some performance issues but so far I didn't have any problems."
,Recommended,493340,26650697,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SpasticMong,Heyyyy that's pretty good.
,Recommended,493340,26647476,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SwiftSlayer,Great game!  Really good starting base for a roller coaster sim.  Brings me back to the old days of rollercoaster tycoon.Love the beautiful graphics and tons of customizable options.  Gets addicting fast though watch out!
,Recommended,493340,26647480,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Dayz,6 negetive reviews and over 700 possitive. I cant admit we had a rocky start but we dit it!Great game!
76561198021481938,Recommended,493340,26647502,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,quinnjsu2,"If you ever enjoyed any of the Roller Coaster Tycoon games, even a little, then this is a must-have game. The devs are incredibly hardworking and involved in the community, and thanks to the alpha and beta, the playerbase is already strong and full of friendly and helpful players.The graphics are the best I've seen in a theme park sim, and the soundtrack, while a bit campy, is light and entertaining and not too intrusive.The biggest and best feature of this game is the ability to create something unique. With intuitive terrain tools, countless scenery pieces, and the most detailed coaster-building I've ever seen, you will not soon be bored with this game.The only ""con"" I can think of is the fact that because you can customize and detail so many aspects of your park, the specs needed to really run this game at its fullest are fairly demanding, but there is an abundance of graphical tweaks available, so if you are willing to tune down the graphics just a bit, this should run fine on most modern rigs."
76561198006787397,Recommended,493340,26647510,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Ash,"From the save development team as Thrillville and the RCT series, comes the best theme park game ever.  Great game with an amazing creative platform and tool kit to bring to life the imagination while also containing a challenging management gameplay.  Highly recommended!"
76561198026851995,Recommended,493340,26647511,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Slickj2,"This game is great. It has all the features of RCT 1, 2, and 3 but with more modern graphics and a much more advanced coaster creator/editor.This game is clearly the successor of RCT4. That game was terrible. Buy this one! It feels fresh and there's so many options and things to do. Definitely worth 45. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,493340,26647515,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,derwinter,Even better than expected. I'm impressed by all the little details the team thought of as well as the overall quality of the game. Thumbs up!
76561198061357567,Recommended,493340,26647516,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,nathang2426,Absolutely love this game and its as simple as that.
,Recommended,493340,26647561,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Gaston,"I love this game. Most of the time I'm not even building coaster but I'm basically set building and this game allows you to build almost anything you can imagine. This is a DEFINITELY buy.Pros:Allows almost unlimited creativityBeautiful designGreat soundtrackYou'll get lost in hours of building the best queueing path that you forget you haven't even built the coaster yetCoaster designing is easy and extremely fun, very rewardingCons:The paths can be a bit wonky sometimes with how they connect to each otherThere could be a few more assets I guess even though there already are a tonCrashes very infrequently, but it still happens and if you don't save your park frequently you could lose a bit of progressOverall it is really worth a buy if you want a rollercoaster tycoon type game that's brought up to date and isn't that waste of money Rollertoaster Tycoon world."
,Recommended,493340,26647607,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Massive smelly monkeypoop™,"How they managed to make this game better than RCT3, I will never understand.Amazing game, I recommend it to anyone who liked the RCT series or likes simulators in general!"
76561198152561659,Recommended,493340,26647611,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Charlie,"Its like Witcher 3 - Wild Hunt, but with Roller Coaster. Awesome!11/10"
,Recommended,493340,26647613,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SpitsA,"Great game for the creative, good for the management focused. Really pleased!"
76561198165999134,Recommended,493340,26647616,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,The_Scone_Survivor,"I did a lot of thinking and researching before I got Planet Coaster. I played Roller Coaster Tycoon 1 and 2 so much as a kid and I wasn't sure how a game could ever live up to that feeling. I remember RC 1, it was one of the first games that I actually owned. It was magical, everything about it made my imagination sing. I sat for countless hours imagining what it must have been like for the guests to be at this park the I created. It was really the first time gaming became something to me, so it was special.Fast forward 17 years.I decide to, sort of on an impulse but after many hours of watching gameplay and reading articles I decided to buy into the beta. Immediately I was struck by the joy I felt during the opening credit scene. That is one thing that describes this game well, pure joy. When I got to the main menu I felt again that buried emotion that came with starting my very own game in RCT 1. I felt nostalgic and excited. I knew the challenges that I might face with having to primarily build eveything piece by piece and admittedly intimidated (though there are a good number of options for pre-built structures). However as soon as I loaded my first park I understood the genius of this game. It's not (but it can be) about making a butt ton of cash or just plopping things down to attract more guests, it's more. It's about hand crafting a park, slowly building a work of intricate art. I feel so connected to my park and over-joyed to see the little peeps throwing their arms in the air on a coaster that I built.The developers have been active and upfront about everything and I can easily see support and content for years to come.Obviously this game resignated with my nostalgic side, but it brought out something new, a sense of belonging in the gaming world.I not only highly recommmend this game to anyone even remotely interested in the genre but I would recommend this game to anyone and everyone."
,Recommended,493340,26647629,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Catatafish,"Such a fun alternative to RCT3. The creation tools are genuinely limitless, the new heatmaps for building coasters are genuienly useful, the animations of the guests are rich and interesting, the park management is surprisingly powerful but it's nicee to see a big emphasis on the building of rides and scenery. some UI tweaks here and there to improve the coaster-building experience track-by-track and this game will be a dream. Definitely recommend purchasing this one."
,Recommended,493340,26647633,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Perma Hexx,"One can lose hours in the sandbox.  You can spend hours in sculpting the land alone, creating realistic pirate coves and monument vallies, mined mountians, and the Hoover Dam.  Then you can build and save blueprints for almost any building or ride from scratch.  I design my coasters and get the rest off of workshop.  There is a management sim if you want it, or you can just put that in the background and play with unlimited money and all ride types researched.  You can build the coaster of your dreams; but if it is crazy and would be deadly irl then the guests will avoid it so you are challegend with making something that will pull survivable Gs but will still be fun and scary.  This is the best Coaster game in years and due to the workshop and Frontier's track record for support It will probably stay the king of the coasters for some time."
,Recommended,493340,26647649,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Bootuh,"This game has completely revitalized my enthusiasm for coaster simulation games! RollerCoaster Tycoon completely consumed my childhood, and Planet Coaster will devour my mid-adult life. Thank you, Frontier, for creating this masterpiece."
76561198080507021,Recommended,493340,26647660,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,apero14,"First, I'll start with my computer. I have an ASUS G11 i5-6400, Nvidia 970, and basically a bit over the minimum requirements for this game. I was worried that I would not be able to play it, when I bought this computer specificially for this game. However, I was so wrong. The game works flawlessly for me on high settings, I haven't tried ultra, but I don't really need to as high looks absolutely amazing.The soundtrack is amazing. They must have worked dilligently with psychologists and music therapists to capture music that actually inspires you and makes you feel creative and nostolgic all at once. Which is why I am glad for the Thrillseeker edition because I will find myself wanting to listen to it even when I'm not playing the game.The graphics, quality, and dedication to this game are so evident. From how the team was on their Facebook page and livestreams to the posts they write. It's so obvious how much love went into this. Unlike their competitor who is clearly more worried about money for an unfinished game. Frontier really set the bar on what it means to be a top notch community manager with Bo. Congrats, because that made me want to buy the game even more.One thing is I don't know how to build a coaster, and similar controls to what was in RCT3 would be helpful for elevating track pieces and turning etc. Also, the ability to morph the width of entrances would be great to meet the different sizes of paths.If you haven't yet, pick this game up."
,Recommended,493340,26647686,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Kanudson | Hachi-Roku,This is the true successor to Roller Coaster Tycoon.
,Recommended,493340,26647731,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Mr. Big Boss | Farmskins.com,"To all Roller Coaster Tycoon fans; Atari has ruined Roller Coaster Tycoon World. I was in denial, I was hoping that it would come together but it hasn't. RCTW is half the price for a fraction of a game - it's a mess.Planet Coaster may cost twice as much as RCTW but the enjoyment level far exceeds the cost.That empty spot in my heart once filledChris Sawyer's & Frontier'sRoller Coster Tycoon series is now filled byFrontier'sPlanet Coaster.Remember: This is Frontier. If Elite Dangerous is any indication, Planet Coaster will have support and updates for years to come.I want to  make this very clear - RCT fans, please make Planet Coaster your new home - it deserves to be."
,Recommended,493340,26647781,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Matt,"The perfect Theme Park SimWhile Rollercoaster Tycoon World is a heaping pile of bugs and glitches, Planet Coaster shines as the best theme park simulator on Steam. The game plays almost like Cities: Skylines in terms of road building =/= pathway building, and every piece of scenery, every ride, every attraction just oozes personality. There is no contest here, if you want a theme park sim, pick up Planet Coaster."
76561198125207499,Recommended,493340,26678600,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,tillskill,"Game of the year 2016 - By FarI pre-orderd planet coaster 2 weeks before release to play the beta and that was th best decision I ever made. That extra week was so worth it for this masterpiece of a game. Let me go more in depth...The audio and soundtrack is calming and very pleasing to listen to (even while doing my work) and the in game music really makes it a great deal more enjoyable. The sounds and music can be changed with speakers i game which is a feature I adore. It adds a greater level of realism to the game and immerses you in the theme park experience that bit more.The controls are simple and in terms of the gameplay and features, my gosh does this have a lot. You can build anything in your imagination and let it run fully wild. I am not particularly creative but I found myself building great big western towns with a grand canyon themed coaster and they all look pretty good. The amount of options is overwhelming at first but you come to terms with it all and when you learn better ways to make a wall less plain, building can become a lot more enjoyable and your creations get ever better.I find myself playing this all the time and I never get bored. I found recommend this to anyone who enjoys this kind of game. When I play, i can't stop thinking how amazing the game is and how well the developers knew what we wanted. What a job frontier, well done. 10/10"
