user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198113279987,Not Recommended,493840,35108034,Posted: 21 September,all,RobotNixon_OW,A DLC character was just shown. He's already complete. Why isn't he part of the main game? It literally just came out.
,Not Recommended,493840,35113682,Posted: 21 September,all,Gold Team Rules,"Was heavily disappointed on how Capcom is holding back content of the game through DLC. Most if not all characters in the first DLC pass look phenomenal, while the rest of the cast in the standalone game were poorly designed and feel rushed. They do not deserve the full price tag for this game and I will wait until the game is lowered to an appropriate price. Playing through story and seeing Monster Hunter and and Black Panther was cool, till i realized that I have to shell out 30$ to access them. I don't want to support their laziness and already requested a refund.The gameplay however is great. I just dont understand how they managed to totally butcher the artstyle.Edit: Couldn't get refund due to too much playtime. Forgot to realize that I needed to have under 2 hours played. I honestly didn't know the requirements for the refund policy because I never actually felt the need to try to a game before on steam."
76561197999871353,Not Recommended,493840,35153159,Posted: 23 September,all,Mister Venture,"Jeez, where to start?I'll adress some of the critiques I've read in the reviews so far.Confirmed:- Looks unfinished. (boring menus devoid of ANY of MvC's usual flair)- Backgrounds are lifeless. (very untraditional for this franchise)- Music (Is there any? I can't remember...not a good sign)- Mechanics (gotta bring in the casual gamers, I get it)The Roster:I purchased Injustice 2, on PS4, which came with a very good starting roster and is only getting better as new toons drop.This game, the starting roster is ok, not great, not good, just ok. I'm hoping the toons to come may help this situation.No X-Men:You can thank lawyers and licences for this. As long as Fox Entertainment holds the movie rights to the X-Men and Fantastic 4, don't expect Disney/Marvel to allow ANY kind of promotion of those characters on their part.What may have gone wrong?:Disney's true face is begining to show as they begin to push their greed and ideologies on us all.My guess is Disney charged way too much to licence their characters.(Notice how Rocket Racoon and Groot are represented by their movie likeness because they aren't real people, whereas Gamora does not look like the actress who protrayed her...that would cost more than Capcom could afford.)My guess is the game looks like this due to Capcom needing to reduce staff (animators are always first to go), probably demanding lots of unpaid overtime, all due to Disney's greedy prices for their licences, all resulting in the lack luster quality of this product.Conclusion:I'll be keeping this game, but purley from a market research perspective.If you want a good game, my suggestion, play Injustice 2. It's great. It beats this game in EVERY category.This game is in NO WAY near worth the asking price."
,Not Recommended,493840,35140962,Posted: 22 September,all,Versace Chachi,"Overpriced and characters incuded in the story mode are left out to be released later as dlc. A lot of characters are really ugly like hulk, captain america and rocket raccoon. A lot of this game is cool but the ugly parts are so jarring in comparison.The main villains in the story mode are so boring too. Oh no!! Buzz Lightyear and Jack-O-Lantern War Machine want to take over the world again guys! :("
,Not Recommended,493840,35070405,Posted: 19 September,all,TidyWire,"This game is fun. This game has stellar netcode. This game has incredibly hype moments that can only come from a MVC game. However I cannot recommend this game to anybody in it's current state. Capcom are insulting everybody who plays it with their disregard for the franchise. The roster is horrible. The presentation is sickening. And the way they're handling their public relations in regards to this game is shameful. Capcom should be ashamed of what they've done and should be making every stride possible to make this game something worth buying.Fix the models. Apologise to everybody. And give us an actual decent roster of characters. Like I myself would likely only end up playing X and Zero anyway but for the sake of the diversity as a whole, this game needs more than just ""functions"" Capcom. Give us some Rivals School characters. Power Stone. ♥♥♥♥ing anybody.Don't buy this game. But maybe buy it later when it's cheap, cause there is a solid basis for a fun game here."
,Not Recommended,493840,35172854,Posted: 23 September,all,CryoGX,"Bought this game simply to be able to get good enough to beat a friend who owns it, and decided to play the story in the meantime.Let's just say I regret doing that because now I'm 2.7 hours past the threshold for refunding as of typing this. I don't really feel satisfied with what I got and I've never played an MvC game. It's a hype game when getting into it but I don't feel attached to it in any way.I'd encourage a crack at it because it can genuinely be fun but holy hell I'm sad that I shelled 60 bucks for it. Even though I can make that 60 bucks back, it feels like I threw them into the void that was this game's complete lack of charm or memorability.""Graphics aren't everythi--"" Yeah, let me stop you. They aren't everything but a game's aesthetics is one of the fundamental elements that emotionally affects a player during gameplay: a direct contributor to hype and replayability. When people say ""graphics aren't everything"", they usually use it to mean ""You can play P5 on PS3 and still have as much fun as on PS4"", because they're comparing straight up resolution in that case, not the fact that a game's fundamental style is bad. This game looks like crap at a lot of points in time and it ***genuinely*** takes away from the experience.Again, I cannot stress how important aesthetics are, especially when there was already a precedent set by this series. Games are a form of art too, you know.Overall: I had a bit of fun actually playing but the presentation and asking price give this game an perpetually increasing sour taste in my mouth every waking second I'm not playing it. I feel like i could've done better with my money, but at the same time, the experience isn't exactly something I regret. Playing with a friend accounts for the hype that its presentation and policies killed off as well.I don't wish this unholy mish-mash clash of emotions on anyone. Err on the side of caution and just steer clear of this game and wait for the devs to release the imminent [Nitro Epsilon (Infinity^2x)/y; y = 0] Edition for 35$ that accounts for all of the basic things this game needs. (Or just get the obviously better fighter in early 2018 heh.)Let me also add ""wtf did you guys do to wolverine"". I don't even play this series but hecking darnit give him back."
76561198003781710,Not Recommended,493840,35077117,Posted: 19 September,all,ChinNuts,"Not worth $60 bucks (more if you consider the coming DLC characters). They clearly rushed this game to publication. The visuals are horrendous. It's actually quite sad, considering that MVC3 was such a good looking game. The animations are janky, and not fluid at all. Additionally, the voice acting is god awful. I don't know what the hell they were thinking with this game.The game play seems pretty solid. Usually, that alone would be enough to keep me playing the game. But I honestly can't stand how♥♥♥♥♥♥poor the game looks and sounds. Refunded, and I'll wait for the price to drop."
76561198020433096,Not Recommended,493840,35103605,Posted: 21 September,all,4streetcloud,roster is just sad -.- 100% of what you get at start is what you get other then dlc and no unlockables other then colors also no X-MEN really just a pure copy of marvel vs capcom 3 with less stuff story is good but other then that it leaves a bad taste in my mouth for 60 bucks
76561198068768474,Not Recommended,493840,35138625,Posted: 22 September,all,Hulio,"First and foremost, the game is fun, the ""functions"" is the reason to play this game.The rest, is just sh!t.The character models look horrendous for a game that costs this much and also with DLC coming along.The game feels clunky/cumbersome. Going from UMVC3 to this game feels like you're weighted down and just doesn't feel smooth.If anything, Capcom should have reduced the cost of this game, maybe half price and then milk out the DLC, since they just loooove them DLC! Then maybe there wouldn't be too many complaints. Maybe..."
76561198146638826,Not Recommended,493840,35094473,Posted: 20 September,all,Karina Frost,"Aside from myself being literally unable to play the game online, Dante and Chun-Li got hit with an ugly stick, but I suppose that since everyone else looks like they belong in a middle-end disney movie, it's okay. Combat is awesome, and playing as X is a blast.Overall, it's an acceptable fighter, but not worth the cost, and I made the mistake of getting the Deluxe Version because I wanted to kick Sigma's♥♥♥♥♥over and over with X and Zero. But it seems that even that is coming late. (Yet we get ♥♥♥♥ing Ultron)"
,Not Recommended,493840,35106681,Posted: 21 September,all,Nyoah,"as much as i love the franchise, this one is greatly underwhelmingthe roster is too small, the combos are simplified and the loading time between each battle is way too longthe graphics arent that great and it doesnt really feel similar to the other mvc games which saddens mei do hope they find a way to fix the 3 things i mentionedfor a game that's 55gb, i was expecting more than this, it's not worth getting unless you're a big fan and dont care about some of its issues"
,Not Recommended,493840,35180445,Posted: 24 September,all,meatz666,"UMvsC3 is better.This is not a bad game.But I cant recommend it right now.UPDATEUMvsC3 is still better: better roster, music, animation, style.After checking this, the game grew on me.https://youtu.be/zjipmLsoMS4I'll hold the No until the DLC characters are released."
,Not Recommended,493840,35148667,Posted: 23 September,all,That Maaaad Spam Assassin,"On the single player campaign: If anyone here remembers the 90's publishing disaster ""Marvel/DC: Amalgam"" then that's what this game is. This game has two of the same problems Amalgam had: D-Leaguer art design, and unapologetic cash-grab writing. The high point of the campaign is the bad acting. Yeah, it's bad and unnatural. Blame the writers for the bad lines. No good actor(And the cast of voice actors for this game is honestly quite stellar) could save this mess. Blame the voice director if you must. Definitely blame the accelerated development schedule that I think this game endured.On to the gameplay. Auto-Freaking-Combos. Yes, you can input manual combos. But with the damage dropoff that's customary in fighting games with longer combo strings, there simply isn't much incentive to style the hell out of your combos when you can just spam ""X""(assuming you're using an X-Box controller) and get the same result. It feels like a very bad decision, since the Marvel franchise is already traditionally Capcom's ""easy mode"" fight series. The one pleasant surprise is that the Infinity Stones don't feel as dopey as the gem system they experimented with in ""Street Fighter X Tekken"". At least you have to actively trigger them to get any results. The loss of the assist system turned out to be not-so-bad.I still ache for Rival Schools-style team combos for characters with a thematic synergy. Strider Hiryu and Gamora had a great cut scene stunt that should've been an in-game move. Hulk and Haggar could add some Indy-Wrestler tag team swagger to the mix. Imagine the demonic-fetishist torture move Ghost Rider and Morrigan could or would do on some hapless victim? Oh well.On a scale of 5 tossed shuriken, this game only really hits 2 marks. It'd be lower, but I do enjoy playing the handful of characters I've glommed onto. If anything at all, this game is a Steam Summer Sale contender. But it doesn't hold a candle to the vastly superior-feeling ""Ultimate Marvel Vs Capcom 3"".....which is still giving my PS Vita life. Why lie?"
76561198005076268,Not Recommended,493840,35185042,Posted: 24 September,all,Laphyrion,"The gameplay is pretty damn good, but the presentation and art direction is really bad.  And while the story does have some good ideas, it's not brought together well and certainly wasn't directed or written well.I'll probably change this review by the time the DLC comes out, but if I were you I wouldn't buy this game full price.  If you want it, wait for a steam sale to bring it down to at least half price.Or just save that money and buy the better Marvel vs Capcom game, Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3.  Or Dragonball FighterZ.  Or that Blazblue x Under Night x Persona Arena x RWBY game.."
,Not Recommended,493840,35069751,Posted: 19 September,all,Salad,"I really wanted to love this game, I really did, but the good aspects of this game are overshadowed by the negatives, it needs to be put back in the oven for another year.Pros:-Team X/Zero-Ultron Sigma-Gameplay is not terribleCons:-Denuvo-(frame stutter) Could easily be poor optimization and not Denuvo itself, had to choose lowest quality settings for some reason to get 60fps-There is something Funky about the V-Sync (tearing)-The 99% of the Roster is the same-Smaller roster size-Art style is not very appealing, even after that it is implemented in a sloppy way-The game is 50 GB-I would assume its because of the the Cutscenes-Cutscenes themselves feel forced, they also feel like a Marvel Movie that they didn't edit much thus became lackluster( I found myself skipping a lot of them)-This is day one and the game has issues finding people in ranked mode-Arcade mode isn't on the opening screen, its hidden in the battle menu-Most of the Pre-order skins aren't that amazing-Combos are too simple (even easier than Marvel Vs Capcom 3)Something about this game just feels hollow"
76561198051500691,Recommended,493840,35206774,Posted: 25 September,all,Greyrush,"I hate that this game is so good. The marketing team failed them in every way, the roster is pretty small and man staring close at some things you can see the cracks.But holy ♥♥♥♥; PLAYING IT? its a blast. comebacks are common, combos are fluid and reward imagination; and you can get really good damage for very simple combos.Support it please; if you can. I know this isnt a great sell, but this game is honestly a ton of fun and with time might become one of my favorite games ive ever played."
76561198021652296,Not Recommended,493840,35118040,Posted: 21 September,all,Dashotosho,"This is just silly and over priced.  Also I had the pre order with the character pass and guess what?  The additional characters were nowhere to be found.  Awesome stuff Capcom, my first refund on Steam.. ever."
,Recommended,493840,35121564,Posted: 21 September,all,BREAKFAST,"All the negativity revolving around the game's current state is well deserved. The unpolished visuals leave much to be desired when looking back at how much better the art style for UMVC3 was. Nothing can be said to defend against obviously reused character models/animations or the lackluster roster from both the Marvel and Capcom side of the cast.However, the gameplay is this one redeeming quality that deserves praise. While I personally miss some of the removed mechanics from UMVC3, it is still very pleasing see how much the tag system encourages creativity with character combos. Being the next installment of Marvel vs Capcom, it certainly delivers on displaying flashy and exciting combos in the heat of battle like its previous versions.I can only recommend this game for those that are avid fans of fighting games.Edit: I plan to fully support this game in the future and I wish for it to do well. UMVC3 was my favorite fighting game and I am optimistic this succesor will be a worthy of carrying its legacy."
,Not Recommended,493840,35183250,Posted: 24 September,all,Thothorin,"While the gameplay is super fluid I can't give this game a good rating solely on Capcom being narrow-minded people that just want quick cash. Their games are what I grew up on since I was 5 years old (Streetfighter 2 original) and I have played almost 100% of their games since this but interest has faded in this company since Streetfighter 5.How are you going to release Marvel Vs Capcom Infinite without cross-platform gameplay? You did it with SFV but decided that it would be good to seclude the few people that actually pick it up on pc? I tried getting a refund and I spent too much time on it (4 hours) in training to practice before going online.... to find 0 matches found for 2 days in a row (ranked and casual). Please tell me what the point of me playing this game is besides wanting to Vs other individuals online? Please don't tell me I should beat the game with every character and that is worth 60$, we all know most if not all people buy fighting games to play them competitively vs other individuals.Enable cross-platform gameplay and I'll bump this review to a positive one like it should be."
,Not Recommended,493840,35183563,Posted: 24 September,all,7K7DA,"Oh my god, the roster is SO boring !!! The visuals, presentations, interface, design, character's faces are just horrendous. And the SOUNDTRACK? F****** HORRIBLE. They rushed this overpriced game. I'm really mad at myself for wasting money on this. Also, online is already dead! Can't find any matches!!"
76561197997754702,Not Recommended,493840,35075877,Posted: 19 September,all,Sonic's Human Girlfriend,I think it took a dozen launches to finally figure out which controller would work... and its 360 controllers again...Somehow they made it so my PS3/4 controllers ONLY work for player 2. I unplugged every usb device I could except for my PS3 and PS4 fightsticks and it still refused to use them for player one. But if I had a keyboard and mouse connected and went into the configure controller menu it would recognize the PS4 controller just fine as player 2.Maybe your PS3/4 controllers work for you and this game is just confused and thinks my PC's fan controller is player one or something stupid but for me this game is not working properly. I am shocked that Capcom dropped the ball here after the problems with  PS3 controller on SFV but here we are...
76561198024967429,Not Recommended,493840,35118568,Posted: 21 September,all,Admiral_Nappa,"Netcode is bad.Game has AUTO COMBOSAUTO COMBOS IN BAD NETCODE do the math, its impossible to learn anything online when everyone is simply just sploiting the auto combos in lag ridden matches.Game also has 50gb OF FMV VIDEO, that was almost 100% done with the games engine and could of been in game cutscenes saving 49.5gb of FREAKING SSD space."
76561198018691017,Not Recommended,493840,35221228,Posted: 26 September,all,CartOverlord,"I like this game because i loved MVC3 and all the VS series games, but unless you are like that also, wait for it to go on sale, there is no justification for spending $60 on this game in its current state. Im sure there will be patches, and there are 6 dlc characters to come who I HOPE are all new and not just copied models from MVC3 (so far black panther, monster hunter. and sigma announced) but why buy now and suffer through the release meta when you can wait for a steam sale and spend less money and get a better first impression? if you love marvel, the gameplay is good and a lot of the dumb/cheap stuff from MVC3 is changed or removed(xfactor, assists, vergil, dark phoenix) and the 6 different stones add a depth to the neutral game while still retaining that  anime power-up feeling, but aside from being in the fights themselves, everything feels like it was an afterthought. The menus, the character models, the story mode which takes only a few hours to complete,all feel tacked on and rushed. The game runs great but has pretty long load times on my HDD, moving it to ssd helped but other new games that look better load faster.TL;DR: if you like marvel you will like this, but its not very good objectively."
76561198002465515,Not Recommended,493840,35069420,Posted: 19 September,all,Redblaze27,"Marvel vs Capcom Infinite First Impressions:15+ Second Battle LoadtimesTerrible GraphicsWeak OSTHypeless GameplayBroken ControlsBad Netcode (with screen-tearing during online play)Missing Series StaplesPhoned-in Voice Acting------------My opinon  has changed a fair bit after packing on some hours, but I need more time before doing a proper review.So, have a few corrections in the meantime:- Netplay is good, I just had really bad luck initially.- Controls are alright once you understand them, but 'down, down' is still a terrible input for uppercut moves."
,Not Recommended,493840,35251850,Posted: 27 September,all,El Guffo,"If any game deserves a middle thumb, it's this one.On one hand, the gameplay is positively amazing! Each character feels wildly different from the other; combos are easy, fluid, and flashy; based purely on gameplay, it's my favorite fighter in quite a long while. The Infinity Stone system adds incredible depth to choosing your fighter, with each one granting a single, incredibly powerful ability that can be used at any time, without limits. There's a tracking projectile, an instant dash that can be used for cross-ups, an instant wall bounce, among others. Each stone also has a unique Comeback Mechanic, called an Infinity Storm. These also vary greatly, from constantly refilling your hyper meter, to letting you use both team members at once, and my personal favorite, removing endlag on your attacks. They make for a much more hype and exciting comeback than the X-Factor system from MVC3, which simply boosted damage and speed.The new tag system is also positively brilliant. You can now switch between your characters at any time, including in the middle of a combo. This makes it feel even more like your team matters than the previous games. Where in MVC3 you only called your teammate in for assists, in MVCI you can switch back and forth between your two fighters fluidly, multiple times per combo. It feels awesome to pull off! I can't stress enough how positive of a change this is over the previous tag system.Outside of gameplay, though, the game is a bit of a mess. In a single word, the game is ugly. Characters look bland and uninspired, and backgrounds lack any sort of interesting events, even compared to the previous game in the franchise. None of them stick out to me as being more interesting than the others, aside from the Xgard Bridge.One of the biggest draws, for me at least, was that the game had a cinematic story mode. I was so excited when I found out about this! Seeing Capcom and Marvel characters teaming up to take down a multiversal crisis sounded like it could make for an epic comic story. Unfortunately, the story is probably my biggest dissappointment with the game. Instead of showing how the worlds react to coming together, how the worlds merge in the first place, showing a team coming together to defeat Ultron Sigma... The game simply starts no less than three months AFTER all of this had happened, the team fully formed, with nary an explanation on how this new world worked. For example, they mention A.I.MBrella in the story mode at one point. Only by looking for answers in the game's EXTRAS page did I find an explanation that A.I.M and Umbrella Corp had merged together sometime before the events of the game.The game is also rife with some of the worst voice acting I've heard in a game, period. That's a given for MVC, in fact it's practically part of the charm for me. (TIME TO GO TO TOWN! DIE, DIE, DIE! GOODBYE!)  but hearing it in the story mode was just disappointing. Even characters who were reprised by their standard voice actors, like Ryu, Frank West, Captain America, or Chris, sound worse than usual.Finally, the most glaring issue in the game is the roster. Frankly, it's terrible. Capcom and Marvel decided to remove fan favorites like Wesker, Dr Doom, Phoenix Wright, and Vergil, but kept characters nobody cared about, like Spencer, Nemesis, or Nova. The Marvel side has the most glaring issue in this glaring issue; There are no Xmen or Fantastic Four characters, costing us characters who are practically the core of the MVC series. Characters like Wolverine, Dr Doom, Magneto, and Storm have been sacraficed to give us a half of the roster comprised exclusively of characters from the Marvel Cinematic Universe.Alltogether, this is a wonderful, truly fantastic game to play, but it's brought down by the legacy of it's predecessors, reminding us how much better it COULD have been. If you're a die-hard fighting game fanatic, or just a big fan of teh MVC franchise, I'd reccomend picking the game up, as playing online can provide hours upon hours of fun. For anyone less serious, casual players or first-time fighters, I'd reccomend picking up Ultimate Marvel VS Capcom 3 instead, with it's larger roster comprised of fan favorites, and it's better overall presentation."
76561197979753277,Not Recommended,493840,35449767,Posted: 3 October,all,Eldril Sidewinder,"On a figting game kick right now.  This game simply can't compare to the competition.  Art style and content point to a game without any ""soul"".  Launch population is low, no new blood, a lot of anger in the community.  I'd recommend Tekken 7, Injustice 2, and street fighter 5 over this."
76561198067160486,Recommended,493840,35201935,Posted: 25 September,all,Gazeeb0,"While the presentation is lack luster, much of it is redeemed through honestly fun gameplay. Give it a chance. I was willing to hate on it for the mobile level graphics but once you get into the game and learn the mechanics its actually a welcome addition to the versus series. Also the PC modding community will absolutely be involved in changing some aspects of the game including the HUD, character models, and music.. etc. If you're on the fence wait until there is a sale, but don't miss out on this game if you're a fan of versus series."
76561198023895704,Not Recommended,493840,35373534,Posted: 1 October,all,IgnisDrakos,"This is the most polerizing fighting game i have ever played.On one hand i hate everything about the way it looks, bland textures, terrible stilted character models with nightmare fuel faces. lighting that is just plain bad and terrible lifeless enviroments. and on the other it plays fantasically you have so much control and creative freedom, compared to the SF5. sometimes it does feel like you can do do much with strange overhead tag techs being found and the gems being a bit too OP. i would recommend trying it, i cant reccomend a purchase though."
76561198101564483,Not Recommended,493840,35251272,Posted: 27 September,all,blumik,"So, let start with the good about MVCI, its fun really fun gameplay wise.Is it worth 60 bucks? NO WAY!Graphics are average, roster is Average, the interface is so ugly and boring, capcom is really lazy on this now.Its one of the worst interfaces in a game i've ever seen.Stages are boring, Music is boring.Why are they coming up with these crappy ""PLATAFORMS"" so they put out a half baked game with mediocre everything and they just wait for you to empty your wallets each month for their DLCs now?, so they make 3 or 4 times the money when it finally looks like a complete game.Im sorry but i look at Games like Smash Bros, Guilty Gear Xrd, KOF XIV, MKX and geez Capcom is getting way to cheap on their final products."
,Not Recommended,493840,35136043,Posted: 22 September,all,ChicoSLicK,"this game to me is not worth 60 dollars, in my opinion its worth 15it does not recognize blocking at times and its nothing like the previous marvel vs capcom series"
76561198018746553,Not Recommended,493840,35078672,Posted: 19 September,all,doubleXwammy,"This game is basically MvC3, but worse.-Worse graphics-Worse music and themes-Worse UI and HuD-Smaller roster-On disc DLC-No arcade endingsThe only thing it has over MvC3 is a story mode, but the story mode is completely awful and actually disrespects the characters.Do not support Capcom and their♥♥♥♥♥♥poor game making. Do not settle for a mediocre game."
,Recommended,493840,35131414,Posted: 22 September,all,squiddlydoo,"Quick reviewPro- Gameplay is fluid, responsive, rewarding and extremely fun.- Superb fighting animations.- Good controller, stick and keyboard support.- Good enough solo content (really enjoying Arcade mode and really enjoyed the silly story).- The soundtrack is great.- Online netcode is very good.- Auto-Combo (think of Killer Instinct Combo Assist). This definitly makes the game much more accessible and fun for beginners. Eventually though, as you get better, you'll want to turn this off.Con- Voice acting is, for the most part, ""okay-ish"" but also feels a bit inconsistent at times especially in story mode.- Weak roster, I feel like the upcoming DLC characters should have been in the base game...- Odd iconsistency with the art style and graphics.td;dr- Odd inconsistencies but everything else is an absolute blast."
76561198060400022,Not Recommended,493840,35189319,Posted: 24 September,all,Kyntar,"I pre purchased this game due to the hype of its advertising. 60 minutes into the single player story and im bored. Nothing sets this game apart from its previous titles, with nothing new added.Limited character selection.Awful story writting.Visuals look dated.Same gameplay as its previous titles, just repackaged to make money.No Re-play value.Nothing sets it apart from MvC3.I recomend only buying when on sale for $5 or less.Refund me please....."
,Not Recommended,493840,35082893,Posted: 20 September,all,Saosinner,"Lackluster roster is my biggest peeve. Honestly the visual style doesn't get my panties in a bunch like everyone else in these reviews. The gameplay is still really fun, and online multiplayer is even more fun.  I don't think it's quite worth 60 bucks, but, whatever."
,Not Recommended,493840,35074074,Posted: 19 September,all,Kacpr,"I really hope that they're planning on work for this game. Judging by what happened with SFV we're not going to see anything for the next year, if anything at all. I like the game, I think it's great, but not £40 great."
,Not Recommended,493840,35317040,Posted: 29 September,all,Dreadgrave,"Capcom did it again. Release an ugly and poorly written Story Mode to a normal fighting game and call it ""new"". Plays about as you'd expect from a modern MvC game, practice one really long combo for a few hours, or get a macro sequence, and win everything. Just find an opening, hit confirm then combo it out. My favorite fighting games are the ones where very little fighting actually happens. The exclusion of the Xmen this time around is because Disney doesn't like Fox so you've got the perfect mix for a lackluster experience. I was ready to refund this about 30 minutes in but wanted to give it a fair shake and now I REALLY wish I had my 60$ back. I suggest Skullgirls over this, better gameplay, better story, and way better art. So far way more content too.Update: Uninstalled and with no intent to play it again; thank god Steam's refund policy is so good it only helps for tiny indie games and not (personally) huge money investments. Steam also wouldn't refund GTA V when 2K ruined it so you really can't count on the A.I. running the company to consider different circumstances. This game marks my last purchase on Steam. They already have my money and don't care but I certainly do."
,Not Recommended,493840,35086752,Posted: 20 September,all,Freekz,"While mechanically this may be a great Marvel game (especially with the introduction of Action Switches), the presentation is about as bad as it gets.Visually, this is one of the most disappointing fighting games out there. It truly feels as if Capcom had absolutely no care for the way this game looks. The menus are incredibly lackluster, the cutscenes have lazy animation, and most of the character models have such obvious flaws. I really have no idea what Capcom was going for with the aesthetic of this game when the comic book theme of MVC3 was presented so well.In its current state, this game feels like a pre-alpha build and is certainly not worth spending $60 on, not to mention the DLC costs. If all you care about is good fighting game mechanics, by all means, feel free to pick it up. If you care about the entire experience, stay far away. Compare this game to Injustice 2 which has a fantastic aesthetic, great music, gameplay, and an awesome amount of content online and offline, and you’ll seriously wonder why you’re paying the same price for MVCI.We know that Capcom is capable of doing better than this. Don’t pick up MVCI if you’re looking for a complete game."
,Recommended,493840,35259761,Posted: 28 September,all,ssbroski,"Gamers: THE ONLY THING THAT MATTERS IN GAMES IS GAMEPLAY!!!!!Also gamers: I DONT CARE THAT MVCI LAUNCHED WITH LOW INPUT LAG, A GREAT NETCODE, ARCADE MODE, CINEMATIC STORY MODE, IN DEPTH TRAINING MODE, TUTORIALS, TRIALS, FUN GAMEPLAY, LOW DOWNTIME BETWEEN GAMES AND THE BEST LOBBY SYSTEM IN ANY CAPCOM FIGHTING GAME EVER BECAUSE THE GRAFIX ARE BAD!!!!!"
76561198041771665,Recommended,493840,35207826,Posted: 25 September,all,Neoseer,"This game clearly has some problems. I first want to say if you love the vs. series you will love the gameplay. I'm having a ton of fun! The online net code has been flawless so far.The problems arise in almost every other aspect of the game. The graphics, while not central to enjoyment, were clearly sidelined and some of the characters just look odd. The roster is lacking, missing some characters central to the vs. series and will have seasons of DLC meaning about $30 of characters a year. Not to mention they announced a DLC character before the game was even released. If you can get past these flaws you will love this game but it clearly has issues that capcom should address."
,Not Recommended,493840,35485794,Posted: 4 October,all,Frag,what the ♥♥♥♥ keeps happening to my save data.
,Not Recommended,493840,35074184,Posted: 19 September,all,Rayden Belmont,"Bad game design, bad marketing, clear pandering to non-MvC fans and ignoring the fanbase that actually wanted a sequel in the marvel trilogy to make a cash grab with assets RIPPED from a mobile game. Capcom has made it very clear that it doesn't want MvC to be a sucessful franchise, all Capcom wants is money they can get easy by pandering to whatever flavor of the month superhero movie is popular and released that character as a standalone DLC.Positives+ It's still marvel. Kinda.+ It IS fun to play.+ Good Netcode+ You can play as Rocket Racoon with Groot. Or X! Megaman is still relevant, right guys? (FFS capcom please make another X game)Negatives- 58 GBs. Games with a lot more content take up a lot less space. This game has no right being this big with how low res and shoddy the graphics are.- Poor marketing strategy: game released with 6 completed characters locked behind DLC that is ""to be announced soon."" (The characters are in the game files, you just can't buy them or access them yet)- Capcom did NOT listen to the game's community and removed a lot of beloved characters in exchange for (you guessed it) Marvel heroes whose movies are relevant.- V-Sync is locked on and cannot be disabled unless you go into your graphics card and manually disable it.- Terrible screan tearing online- Framerate issues even in Single Player due to Denuvo DRM- Oh yeah, DRM. This game has a DRM.- Assets ripped straight from MvC3 and the mobile Marvel fighting game, in a lower resolution to appear new.Other Stuff-/+ Imbalanced as all hell, but this is a Marvel game so that's not really new, and can be patched at future points.-/+ Graphics are personal opinion, I guess.-/+ The story is decent? I didn't like it but I see what they tried to do.-/+ Just like SFV, they took a beloved fighting game and dumbed it down to a stupid degree. The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥easy, so it makes for a really good beginnger fighting game....I just called Marvel a Beginner Fighting game and it wasn't a joke. That fact alone makes me sick. One of the fighitng games renowned for its difficulty has been reduced to a game a child can play because they WILL buy it since ""It has Groot!""TL;DRPlease, Don't buy this game, Don't support Capcom giving the middle finger to its fans and doing whatever the ♥♥♥♥ they want, Don't support this insane culture of video games being too hard for people to enjoy.Instead, you should try...If this game interested you, and you want a high speed combo heavy flashy fighting game, go pick up Guilty Gear for the same price and get double the content and devs who care. They're also making a Dragonball Z fighting game which already matches this in gameplay mechanics and beats it in visuals. Either of those, or get Marvel vs Capcom 3 on the steam store for less price. Those games are all much more solid."
76561198004022167,Not Recommended,493840,35090052,Posted: 20 September,all,M!lo,"I don't think this is a game for everyone.Pros:- 100% Fighting gameCons:- Game modes devoid of substance(ie: Terrible Arcade mode, with no endings, awful story mode, collection of extras and special missions (training combos etc) feel pretty useless for the overall enjoyment.- Finding an online match was quite difficult for me, I've read that others have no issues but I did. Made sure to open up game to everyone everyone and still lack of matches was a huge issue. So I recommend looking up how the game is doing in your region.- Graphics are fine. Character models are not. Some of them are an eyesore and quite honestly hurts a game that already doesn't have much else going for it.- Roster does feel lackluster. You got the entire library of Capcom and Marvel available and this is the best that could be done? Not to mention that in typical Capcom fashion, some of the already announced DLC characters are already found through the story mode, which made the DLC purchase that much sour.It's been a while since MvsC3, so naturally a lot of people interested in fighting games come from Mortal Kombat 9/Injustice type of game.Clearly Marvel vs Capcom Infinite has been inspired by these type of games to create a story mode that would attract the less hardcore fanbase, however I found it to be a terrible effort. The story mode pales in comparison to any other offered in fighting games.  In fact I feel the mode feels completely useless and could had been better adapted as classic Arcade endings.The modes available are also devoid of substance, the arcade mode is nothing but a ladder of enemy fights. Not even personal endings are available which is a staple of Marvel vs Capcom games.Overall I can't recommend the game to just anyone. If you like fighting games and you enjoy the online aspect as the only important thing, then sure. But if you are coming at this game from an angle of expecting a more fleshed out solo experience alongside the online aspect, then no. This game felt like very low effort."
,Not Recommended,493840,35084886,Posted: 20 September,all,ikey1555,"No X-men wtf is this????????I like the story mode but the X-Men especially Wolverine are the trade mark characters of this series .,.,so really WTFGame play for the most part is ok kinda more M v C  2 feel.But really lacks the Cast and  Art MVC is known for.Very bland looking ,, MVC 3 was so nice looking and 1 and 2 had perfect 2D"
76561198034153729,Not Recommended,493840,35102122,Posted: 21 September,all,Prismwind,"tl;dr:Characters are frequently too slow even if their moveset works well, making the game slow paced. Writing in story mode is sometimes good, but too frequently laughably bad. Infrequent but noticable FPS drops and freezing in story mode cutscenes. In short, go buy Skullgirls or Street Fighter or another actually good franchise, especially Skullgirls if you like story. This one has a cool premise but they really need to work on their pacing and polish.Full version:The playable characters seem well made and balanced, and fun to play though many of them are very slow when it comes to horizontal movement... it slows the pacing down noticably in many cases. That said, the movesets are well balanced against each other and it does make the characters that are supposed to be fast stand out more since they can close or escape much faster than many of their opponents.That said, the game seems to randomly suffer freezing and slowdown during the Story Mode cutscenes and while the overall story is okay parts of it just seem forced. For example, the Dormammu fight especially seems like it was just thrown in to have one, he appears out of nowhere without a good reason to even be helping Jedah, has some short banter with Doctor Strange acknowledging he's now surrendering the Dark Realm to Jedah with no reason as to why, and after the fight it seems nothing was really altered or changed... he was insignificant to the plot.He's also accompanied by Firebrand, who is barely mentioned in the dialogue other than Arthur mentioning his armor won't fall off easily this time... besides that one line, his presence isn't acknowledged. You see neither of them before or after, they aren't even mentioned again.And if you expect Arcade Endings? Forget it. There are non... you beat the last person and cue credits. No real dialogue or story at all, no endings.So while the overall plot of Story Mode isn't terrible, there are a lot of filler fights that feel rushed or like cameos, villains who go completely against their personalities to end up in some of these fights, and so on.The game also slows very occasionally mid fight... it's fairly random but it's definitely noticable when it happens. Thankfully the game doesn't seem to drop inputs but it's still a bit of a downer when it occurs.Overall I say this game is a decent fighting game, but there are better options, especially if you like a faster pace. Many characters feel like they're walking through a tar pit almost when moving... Mega Man and Captain Marvel for example both have terrible horizontal movement even when jumping and dashing. Mega Man would never be able to complete any of his games if his horizontal movement when jumping was this terrible. The Hulk is literally faster moving around the screen.Combine with a total lack of arcade endings and the roller coaster writing quality in Story Mode, and my verdict is go buy Skullgirls or Street Fighter if you want a good fighting game. The slow pace, occasional frame rate drops, and lack of individual arcade endings for characters makes this game just not as good. And especially buy Skullgirls if you want an actual decent story and ending in arcade mode... every character has cutscenes and full endings. All the fancy graphics in the world doesn't make a fighting game good if its pace is slowed down and it occasionally has FPS drops on top of it, the story stuff is just a few more nails in the coffin lid here.As a side note... they REALLY need to give Firebrand more respect. He's the protagonist in two of his own games, Gargoyles Quest 1 and 2. Both were really good games for their time, they were like Metroidvania before Symphony of the Night made Metroidvania a term most people know, very good mixtures of RPG and platforming and the first was back on the NES, with 2 on the SNES. For their era they were wonderful games... Firebrand, the main protagonist, just being a sidekick with barely a mention and no explaination to a villain going against his own personality to be doing what he was doing in the first place felt like a slap in the face to a fan of Firebrand's games. Just... really, everything about that fight in story mode was stupid, from introduction to mishandling of character personalities to how neither was every mentioned before or again."
,Not Recommended,493840,35320673,Posted: 29 September,all,[T.tv]Ohsnapkline09,"the Versus series is balanced on the premise that each character is broken in their own right, currently there are too many characters that are not broken enough to compete with the likes of Dante or Jedah and jesus the reality stone needs  re-designed.Dont pick this game up just yet wait for a few patches that might change some things. Right now the game is too heavily influenced by a few characters and reality stone dominating the game not how you play."
,Not Recommended,493840,35099021,Posted: 20 September,all,Atma,"I had been looking forward to MvCI for awhile, having been a huge fan of UMvC3 and how unique and exciting it was to play different characters.... which is why MvCI is absolutely not the game for me and honestly not a good game overall. Which character you play doesn't matter in this game, because you do the same thing with every one of them, ground combo into aerial rave into switch and repeat until they drop out of the combo. To add to this, projectiles, super armor, evasive capabilities and unique gimmicks are vastly inferior to just running in and slamming out a combo."
,Not Recommended,493840,35078759,Posted: 19 September,all,tommyisdead,"This game is ugly and lazy. Everything about it screams ""easy way out"" and ""cut corner"", from the reused roster to the lazy mechanics of the game that just cover up the fact that they didn't wanna be bothered to balance the game or put any sort of real infinite protection in (there are infinites all over in the game that can be broken by the new combo breaker mechanic).It looks like a mobile game, just maybe a little worse because the faces of the human characters are absolutely terrifying.Do not buy. Do not support this crap from Capcom."
76561197979771455,Not Recommended,493840,35077762,Posted: 19 September,all,feverfern,"i really enjoy this franchise - 2 is an all-time favorite, 3 was enjoyable, but this... this is not what i was hoping for. a lot of people mention that the load times suck and the online gameplay is choppy, but what gets me is the sheer sloppiness of the game, like they just threw it together - they blew their deadline and just gave us what they had.it was made public long ago that the x-men were off the roster. in my mind, capcom should've known that they would have to make up for a loss like that. they are continuing a franchise that has been around for nearly 20 years, at least make the game feel like some care was put into it. but no.i bought this game for mostly nostalgic reasons - i received an unfinished attempt at duplicating mvc3 with less characters, void of any nostalgia. super disappointing.in mvci's current state, i cannot recommend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,493840,35076527,Posted: 19 September,all,F1intl0ck,"Tl;dr gameplay is good enough, everything else is♥♥♥♥♥ Dont buy for over $20. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,493840,35093397,Posted: 20 September,all,TheLCD3,"PROSComing from someone who never played Marvel3, MvCi the game itself is very fun. The system has great depth, numerous amounts of teams and stone combinations, and leaves a lot of room for creativity. The execution was also surprisingly tough even with my Killer Instinct, Street Fighter, and Injustice background which made it a fun challenge to learn.Netcode for the online seems rather good although it really just depends on if your opponent is on WiFi or not.CONSAside from gameplay though the entire audio/visual presentation of the game is straight up trash, laughably bad. Characters have next to no facial animations when they talk, voice acting is bland with no emotion or hype behind them, roster is very disappointing/safe, and the user interface is dreadful very lazy. The PC version also seems not very well optimized as the menus would stutter and lag when switching between even on my machine which has a 6core 6800k and GTX Titan.Unless you're a die hard Marvel Fan and plan to compete at tournaments I would suggest holding off for a little while."
76561198128652508,Not Recommended,493840,35350429,Posted: 30 September,all,Limpid,"TL;DR since most people won't bother to read the restthe game looks very bland and boring with very badly clashing artstyles and awkward faces on some charactersthe music is also very bland and boringthe roster is dissapointingthe gameplay is very explosive and fun but also very abusable and frustratingfull reviewfirst off is the obviously bad things about this game which is literally anything relating to the presentation, first off the looks, while not as bad as the internet would have you believe are still somewhere between lackluster and pretty bad, very few things about this game looks what i think most people would consider good.a whole lot of the characters just look awkward, partially because a lot of the models (especially when it comes to faces) are just really wierd looking, things like dante's or spencers faces but i think the awkward look is also a lot because of all the clashing artstyles, it's a pretty daunting task to make all these characters from all these universes look good together but in previous installments they would just go wild with the designs and let the awesome things about the character speak for themselves but in this game they have made the desicion to make eveyone adhere to a semi-realistic artstyle which makes some characters stick out like a soar thumb like zero, X or morrigan and makes almost all look just plain bland which is a real shame.second is the music, this is something i usually LOVE is vs. games, with all the kickass, high energy 80's style tracks but as i was dissapointed to find out as with the looks, since they wanted the game to fit with the semi-realistic style of the MCU the music has also but remixed or replaced with these boring generic orchestral tracks, while not bad it is hardly something to get the blood pumpingthird and most important among the presentation is of course the roster which is just really pathetic, if you're a newcomer the ones they did select to appear are not so bad but the incredibly small amount of them is just plain pathetic and i can't help but be kinda mad over the the lack of X-Men and some other classics, and their desicion to keep the like of arthur, firebrand and chris instead of clear fan favourites really rubs me the wrong way when the roster is so small to begin with.next is the story and i will keep this rather short. it sucks, it's boring as hell all they through, the last boss was pretty fun but nothing else in the story mode is worth anything, it's not very long and yet nothing interesting happens otherwise, and the worst part about the story is just how cringy the dialouge is, it is a true pain to listen toand last and probably most importantly is the gameplay, it is very clear that this is the part the dev team really cared about, aside from some personal problems i have with the controls and minor issues here and the the game flows very well and it feels really good to pull of the thing you want and winning feels extemely rewarding, it is a vs. game so of course it is very intensive and crazy which is both good and bad, it is really fun when you win or when you have close games but close games are somewhat rare and unless you get really good winning in this game is a lot about exploiting very spammable things, of course there is always a way arounf the things but the game is filled to brim with low execution high reward setups and extremely spammable moves, things that can get extremely frustrating since it will often leave you scratching your head wondering if you could even do something about it."
76561198045659727,Not Recommended,493840,35271487,Posted: 28 September,all,Red X,"Port is pretty good. Gameplay is amazing. Everything else sucks. The gameplay is good enough to look past that but Capcoms ♥♥♥♥♥♥ business practices are not. Bought this game to practice before I went over a friends house to play it and refunded it as soon as I got come. I would never pay $60 for a game that shows off DLC characters months before a game is even out. The roster is so bad and they want you to pay for a decent one. If they gave you good characters to start with, I would have no problem paying for additional one's. I'll wait for the Super Ultra Ultimate Infinite edition for the complete experience."
76561197999538417,Not Recommended,493840,35485567,Posted: 4 October,all,reaxident,"As a caual player sitting in the lab and playing friends feels good. Even with the taining wheels turned off I am able to pull off half of the combos in the game with just a little practice. I can feel the weight of the buttons, and calling for assists feels really good.Netcode is shockingly good, wish SFV had netcode this good.The character artwork is pretty bad but it doesn't bug me. In fact some marvel characters look pretty damn good, Capt. Marvel has many stratagies built into her meta.The audio is bad although there are a few songs I do enjoy. Most of the music sounds like one step up from MIDI. The characters move their mouths but nothing comes out and the game has been out for almost a month....The statges are probably the best artwork in the game; I have nothing bad to say about them.Dont buy this game though.Capcom is selling DLC already and word on the street is they took charaters out of release to steal your $$$$$$. They treat the fanbase like ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy asserting characters are simply functions when really they are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the x-men to appease Disney.Stay away from Capcom fighting games until they fix their mistakes, or this trend will continue until there is no Capcom FGC left."
76561198070084321,Not Recommended,493840,35477147,Posted: 4 October,all,foofighter_ii,"I refunded for this:  Characters!  is really lame in quantity and quality compared to the previous game, and if the plan from developers is similar to SFV where you have to wait (and pay) for extra characters then there is a time to stop supporting these kind of practices."
76561197972842582,Not Recommended,493840,35319633,Posted: 29 September,all,m477,"Boy o' Boy, I was taken for a ride. If you have played any other ARKSYS or CAPCOM fighting game, I would def suggest dodging this bullet. IT IS BAD. Not in the sense of ""Hey, get technically good at the game and it gets better"" BAD; but rather  ""We're not making this for MvC for Vets, or new challengers. We're making it for NOBODY"" kinda deal.It's not for newbies because it offers no actual development into (excuse the rant) animation cancel, juggle, roman cancel, gauge crush, mixup, air combo, pressure, or OTG combo compliance with any sort of intro to the punish curb.  It's not for people who actually like 2D fighters because it has no depth. Press these 4 buttons and win. At least MvC3 had a roster, and thats not much. WE, the folks who enjoy a 2D fighter on the regular, WE will choose another Arksys game or wait for SSB. I'm sorry if you did not read this beforehand and made the purchase. That was my mistake. Don't be like me."
76561198149841605,Not Recommended,493840,35485749,Posted: 4 October,all,Lustrous,"this game is ♥♥♥♥en trashill this game is fixed on steam the game is trash why would this game not read my arcade stick yet on umvc it reads it perfectly seems to me you guys still need to fix this game up all this was, was a waste of time and money"
76561197999920526,Not Recommended,493840,35453900,Posted: 3 October,all,MisterSpock,"The online is broken af for now. The worst part is that this game's gameplay is 10/10, but literally every other aspect of it is a 6-7/10 top.Just wait until it gets fixed, not worth the money atm."
,Not Recommended,493840,35078557,Posted: 19 September,all,Danken55,"+-For my reviw so far playing this game feels like baby can play this so easy and why x button so do combo then do other things like mush game dislike it and glad gave frank west his real voice thank god because in dead rising frank sghould just blow away somewhere but model looks ugly made some char doesnt look like them and if someone say chin lie looks pretty sorry to say she looks like a man in one of the cut sence. Other thing frank looks like he got hit by the door or something. Chris reddeild what hell happen to ur voice and skin like about die. Plus when did chris started being evil because none of his thing say wanted work alone. But voice bring back chris voice sound like he have cooled or something. Half model are ok but made chin lee look like guy one of cut sence and her vooice dont match her at all. Game play to easy and gets boring quick, Model needs more work looks like been in trash to long and half model on char looks better then capcom im say but iran man face what hack happen looks like got sqeeze in his helmet to long. Give it thump down for this game. Plus what happen to dlc should goten from pre-order feel rip off. One more thing really X voice sound crappy for x char why dont u use x voice from common mission if said it right."
,Not Recommended,493840,35242997,Posted: 27 September,all,Mykaterasu,Save your money until CAPCOM learns how to make a real game. Or just buy a real game like BBCF.
,Recommended,493840,35347527,Posted: 30 September,all,Morbid Butcher,"The most creative fighting game ever created, the possibilities are endless, the gameplay is smooth and the online feels like offline. I didn't have this much fun with a fighting game since MvC 2 and that's saying a lot since i pretty much played every fighting game released after MvC 2."
,Not Recommended,493840,35105121,Posted: 21 September,all,Broadsword,"This game has a low barrier for entry. That's nice I guess.I think UMvC3 is way, waaaaaaaaay more worth your money than Infinite though."
76561198089422194,Not Recommended,493840,35111466,Posted: 21 September,all,XxAciDxX,รอมานาน สุดท้ายต้องจำใจRefundไว้ตัวเกมสมบูรณ์เมื่อไหร่ค่อยมาว่ากันใหม่นะ//Cap.Marvel สวยมากครับ 5555
,Recommended,493840,35212766,Posted: 25 September,all,smkitdown,"Fun game, excellent gameplay!"
,Recommended,493840,35212488,Posted: 25 September,all,Henker,"Gameplay and netcode are really good, it looks really bad tho, but hey, its been like that since the 2d sprites era ended."
76561198022907461,Not Recommended,493840,35091293,Posted: 20 September,all,Creatures,"CON:controls are awful on controller (DO NOT BUY IF YOU DON'T OWN A JOYSTICK and even then you will most likely need a 3rd party program to use it)boring roster (hope you like generic average-build dude characters)vast majority of cast is taken straight from Marvel vs Capcom 3 (including same models and animations)extremely low-effort UI visualscharacter select screen lagbad voice acting (every line is shouted and barely any voices fit the characters using them)CONSTANT voice acting (characters are constantly talking over themselves with their own voice lines)most of the characters have straight up ugly facesstory is boring and forgettablelifeless and empty stage backgroundsmusic is sub-par remixes of old themes (though you wont hear any of it anyway through all the shouting characters)PRO:average capcom VS gameplay (if you loved past VS games this one is fine)decent netcodea lot of training mode optionsEasily my worst purchase of 2017, everything outside of the gameplay just screams ""LOW EFFORT""...Not a good look that this is the thing people will be seeing at every FGC tournament for the next few years... literally...(game is so ugly)"
,Not Recommended,493840,35248205,Posted: 27 September,all,Smack Me Brian,Art Style in the game looks bland.Gameplay is alright.Very few addiitions to the rosterDLC characters are already in the game (As NPCs)Not worth the $60 dollars. Wait until it drops to about $25 and then CONSIDER if you should get it.
,Not Recommended,493840,35234486,Posted: 26 September,all,The Rememberer,"Honestly, I really want this game to do well. But outside of the obvious gripes everyone is having, my personal issue stems from my belief that this really isn't MvC. This feels more like SFV with a MVC skin over it; and even SFV looks more presentable."
,Not Recommended,493840,35454986,Posted: 3 October,all,Philliam,This game is literally broken.
76561198382565210,Recommended,493840,35244987,Posted: 27 September,all,Turbanator,"Im not gonna lie, this game was disappointing, especially from someone who has been a long time marvel vs capcom fan. Due to its lack of characters in the roster and down right ugly graphics it makes the game seem unplayable and not worth buying, but let me tell you, past all of the cons are some pretty good positives which keep me playing and makes the game feel as if its still a worthy contender. First of all its more welcoming to newer players with the addition of auto combos and more customisable bindings, this is an extreme positive bringing a whole new group of eager players. A big change has been the 3v3 system, which has been completely scrapped for a new 2v2 experience. This has majorly changed the way the game is played with the introduction of the infinity stones, stones from the marvel universe which grant special abilities and can greatly affect the tide of battle. Personally I love this change and find it fun, but I can understand others who would rather have the original gameplay mechanics.The game may be dull, not looking as good as expected, but the maps still have a feel of ingenuity and thought put into them. The roster has also been lacluster missing iconic characters, such as the x-men, but in my opinion I still love the characters, each one feels different and has a varied playstyle, which makes it very enjoyable. Of course the music for the games have never disappointed , and it remains to keep that streak.The story...now this my main problem, as a fan of all the games, this story could have been one of the best yet with some more time and effort but unfortunetly it does not meet these expectations, with horrible animations to awful cutting this make the story bland and not worth playing a second time. I do like the idea of ultron sigma, a character who could have been more explained and had a more in depth story.Now would I recommend this game..?Yes, as a big fan this game dissapoints but contains some real fun for new and old players alike, I love the game and will continue to play it.Thankyou :)"
76561198407583605,Not Recommended,493840,35255054,Posted: 27 September,all,KingFatalis15,Great on game on console terrible on Steam and rittled with issues that Valve isn't helping fix... Do not buy this game through valve buy it on PS4 if you can't please don't waste your money.
76561197963621541,Not Recommended,493840,35075818,Posted: 19 September,all,xInFamousxK20,"This game is MVC3 in 2v2 with worse graphics/audio and gameplay (not due to the characters move sets themselves but the infinity stones are not a good addition because it takes away from what makes MVC a MVC game in the first place and replaces it with cheesy spam at the end of every battle).Besides all of the above the game is extremely incomplete even if you shell out the 89.99 to wait for ""2017 character pass"" which is 30 dollars. There is bound to be alot more character passes so the game is going to just gouge and gouge and gouge.Do yourselves a favor and refund like I did until more of the game comes complete together in 1 package at a regular price. Capcom has taken EAs spot as the worst company in gaming and raised the bar higher as to how bad a gaming company can be. Very pathetic."
76561198104076481,Not Recommended,493840,35116045,Posted: 21 September,all,Flames99Fuse,"Story is weak and really short, forces you into certain characters for each fight. No replayability at all.Online sucks, balance issues are terrible considering the longevity of the series. Dante and Dormammu in every single online match. OP and weak characters are okay in couch co-op for little siblings that aren't good at the game, but need to be fixed for online.If you never do ranked mode online, you stay at rank 15 and get paired against rank 15's, this means that as long as you never actually do ranked, you can sit in the beginner's tier and destroy fresh players.Also infinite combos that are impossible to break out of. A sin upon all fighting games. It persists in MvC Infinite.Also the roster is tiny and the fact that they put more characters in DLC on a $60 game is a joke. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!"
,Not Recommended,493840,35115577,Posted: 21 September,all,Spanish Zebra,"Not gonna say its bad, because its actually fun. But there are better alternatives such as the new tekken 7."
,Not Recommended,493840,35076109,Posted: 19 September,all,almost at 1k!,"I asked for a refund after 20 minutes. Wow! They ruined this game. I guess kudos for trying something different? Shame that they had a working formula and trashed it. Looking for a great 2d fighting game? Try Guilty Gear instead.(Edit for Nirriti: I play fighting games to have fun and not competitively. So when I play a fighting game I WANT big ultimate abilities and cool graphics. I want it to feel fun. Depth of play is a great thing and keeps the more serious fans coming back for more, but for me, a fighting game should have you hooked from the character selection page (like Guilty Gear or Street Fighter does and how MVC3U did). What is it like to play Infinite? It feels like Mcdonalds did a promo game for an upcoming movie. This game needs more characters and more interesting characters. It needs to have GREAT art from the dashboard all the way to the ultimate abilities and everything in between (which many reviewers have touched on is definitely not the case). The underlying mechanics of the game are excellent from what I saw and what I have read but the presentation is too much of a problem. Because when you have your friends over to play, it isn’t about who can execute a frame-perfect counter into a 20-hit air combo, it’s about having fun. This game isn’t fun.Pros: Great underlying mechanics. Smooth fight mechanics (you feel more ‘in control’ of your character than other button mashing fighting games).Cons: “BAD Art?” – It is bad on its own but made much worse by the fact that the series was known for excellent ‘comic book style’ art. The contrast between the past iterations and this is alarming. Performance issues (which get ironed out with an update or two but are still annoying). Nothing to really ‘do’ in the game.Just Sad: The game should have been the best fighting game of the 2015-2020 period. They had an EXCELLENT base formula. Here is what would have made for an amazing game: take the art of MVC3 and improve on it + 4k native resolution + 120fps + ‘make art crisp’ + the gameplay mechanics from infinite + more characters + x men + great tutorial mode + drop the story mode + add a number of fun challenge modes with cool or desirable rewards + a second matchmaking system that has all your friends in a virtual room (8-20 people max) and you can all chat with each other and have a tournament in a playoff like system + more matchmaking options in general + one iconic but ultimately stupid and pointless side game (tekken had volleyball, SF had kick the car).Hope that helps! Personally I’ll play the game again in two years when the “Super Legendary Mega Edition” with all the DLC and added characters is on sale for $15."
,Not Recommended,493840,35187812,Posted: 24 September,all,Nuggetman,"this game is good.    however, it needs a better english voice acting and stuff, and the marvel characters are too cartoony,multiplayer is fun, but not alot of players there.i rate this game 6"
,Not Recommended,493840,35114202,Posted: 21 September,all,James Lame,"Bad netcode, even against people i know i have good connection with."
,Not Recommended,493840,35073846,Posted: 19 September,all,Dextro,"Everything is ugly, the roster is trash, the handling is too floaty, the voice acting is cringey, I've never skipped story cutscenes so fast, there are noticeably inconsistent difficulty spikes, load times are unnecessarily long, button mashing all but guarantees success, there's no presentation, no style, and the gameplay is too god damn bland. Go play 3 instead. At least 3 had style and a good roster. I'll be refunding this ASAP."
76561198057036078,Not Recommended,493840,35071725,Posted: 19 September,all,knightnight2000,"right now the game runs terribly, i can run the witcher 3 on this rig and yet i have a hard time running this game on the lowest settings, plus the fact that the only is pretty bad, honestly i heard the ps4 version is better so if you want to get this game get it there, but the pc vision (as of time of writing.) isn't worth your time :/"
,Not Recommended,493840,35099430,Posted: 21 September,all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),The controls felt so loose for a fighting game. The graphics are awful. Just wait for DBZ Fighters.
76561198086695408,Recommended,493840,35148650,Posted: 23 September,all,Stein,"Okay, this is more or less being written to help clear up some of the issues I've seen being written in the comments based off of my experiences so far with the game, both here on Steam and outside of it. First and foremost, yes, the games presentation is pretty horrendous, thankfully they at least made Chun's god awful face bareable to look at, but the weird looks with Chris, Dante, Captain America, and well, quite frankly many more in the roster is just impossible to not notice or take into account, much with many other aspects of the game visually, from the lackluster UI and menus to even the story mode, clearly the game was rushed when it comes to the art department, as it really does show in many areas of the game. Not to mention that from what I can tell, much of the space it takes up on your drive is that from the Story mode cutscenes... something which I hope has a fix either from Capcom or modders in the future.Now, with all of that out of the way, how does the game feel when in motion, both online and off? Amazing, and fantastic honestly, the tag system allows for INSANE creativity when it comes to combos, in fact, I'd even argue the combo system in place allows more creativity then that of UMvC3 with it still being heavily optimal in many situations, particularly when I was playing Dante who felt just as great, if not better than he did in previous entries, and judging from what I have seen others do on a proffesional level, and just in combo demonstrations, there is an insane amount to what you can do. Also, the Infinity Stones as a come back mechanic feel a lot more robust than that of X-factor and generally add a good deal to the game in my opinion, adding even more onto the games already enjoyable mechanics, though, some clearly do seem superior to others on a general scale, with others being far more niche, Also, since it seems many people are having issues with it, the Netcode for me has been flawless, honestly one of the best experiences I've had so far with a fighting game online, the others being that of Tekken 7 and Street Fighter 3 3rd Strike on the 360... among a few other remastered classics which all run flawlessly.All in all, this review, like many others that are positive still boils down to the same thing, if you enjoy Marvel games, or are pretty excited for the game mechanics themselves or future characters and don't mind spending that extra money on dlc? Then this game should do well for you, as the DLC characters already look FAR superior to pretty much anything in the game currently, however if you are only vaguely interested, I'd suggest waiting for a sale in truth, perhaps $30 at most could be reasonable, but only if it seems like a game you'd enjoy playing. And well, if you aren't very interested in this game, nor have you been a fan of previous entries? The answer should be fairly obvious at that point, though I do suggest at least checking out UMvC3!"
,Recommended,493840,35162599,Posted: 23 September,all,I will feed you,"It takes us back to MVC 1.Great gameplay, harder and more varieties tactics.Very smooth. 60FPS.one of the most Smoothest Online matches everGreat Netcode.You can control both character at the same time.Just Smash button game? NO!!! not at all.you can't win with smash button like MVC 3.You can easily turn easy AUTO COMBO off.I dont know why they said graphic is worst than MVC3if you compare it side by side, this game is much better.This game just need more Postprocessing and lighteffect ambient.Bad roster?depend of which/what (style) Character you love to playand your own combat tactic combo.Each Character is so much more unique.To little roser but more and more to come for sure in 55GB diskspace.SPOILER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!More new added story mode coming soon !!!"
,Recommended,493840,35166415,Posted: 23 September,all,T-Kimura,"Gameplay - 10/10: Say whatever you want about the people that like this game being a ""shill"" or a ""capcuck"", at the end of the day the gameplay is endless amounts of fun and gives you tons of options and room for creativity, almost anything you can think of seems to work and is like a dream for people that enjoy fighting games.Content - 8/10: Has the usual modes you'd expect from a fighting game in it such as story, arcade, versus, and missions with some nice extras such as music/voices/art work (which looks amazing btw) and unlockables such as stages/colors/cutscenes/more art work etc. but the games launch roster could have been a lot better. Online play is GODLIKE, one of the best online experiences you'll have in a fighting game guaranteed.Story - 6.5/10: Story mode is fun although it comes off as being a little too cheesy at times. Definitely something you'll play once and never touch again but who really plays fighting games for the story anyway?Visuals - 6.5/10: Art direction is lacking compared to every other Capcom game out there, UI is kind of on the boring side and the games HUD is a bit ugly although it's functional and presents information easily and clearly. There are some quality inconsistencies with some of the models but the overall graphics aren't all that bad and the game looks A LOT better and detailed on the PC version with chromatic aberration disabled (look in the guides section to find out how to disable it).Soundtrack - 6.5/10: Classic themes for Marvel characters that were used in previous vs. games have now been replaced by boring cinematic sounding themes while the Capcom side have their classic themes remixed which mostly sound great. Not all of the new Marvel themes are bad though.. Nova, Gamora, Captain Marvel, and Dr. Strange have good ones."
,Recommended,493840,35242472,Posted: 27 September,all,Anterk,"Marvel vs Capcom Infinite is a fantastic foundation marred by bad presentation. The roster is full of odd picks and is missing the X-Men. The models for some of the characters are not always consistent or well done. Some of the moves (Ghost Rider's stare of death in particular) feel lazy or unintentionally funny. The single-player campaign is... logically ordered. Not great. The tutorials are decent at introducing several mechanics, but the trials for each character are based on an older game version and are actually broken in some places (Thanos).All that being said, I'm loving the game play and the online. Character inputs are simple without much overlap (quarter-circles, double-downs, shoryuken motions, not much in the way of charge moves), which ensures combos are easier for new and old players alike. Assists are gone, replaced by the ability to tag in your partner at almost any time, and team size is 2 instead of 3. It's far easier to follow match progress and, even if you do miss an input, there's limitations on combos now. Gone are the days when you would be touched once and then have to sit back and watch your whole team die without being able to do anything about it. Advancing Guard ensures you always have a way to repulse attackers and to reflect ranged pressure even if you play a character with 0 ranged options. The Infinity stones, operating on a meter similar to the Street Fighter 4 revenge gauge/ultra meter, allow for small tweaks (teleport, fireball, steal health, etc) that can entirely change how you approach a situation.All of the characters feel extremely different to play and all feel viable (though the current meta favors a handful of characters due to ease in options and execution) thanks to purposeful speed choices and surprising variation for such limited inputs. For example, X and zero use alot of similar inputs. However, X can easily link any of his special moves into simplified special moves or other options, while playing Zero requires learning how and when to hold down attack buttons for stronger moves.I've yet to have as many problems with the online as I did with Street Fighter X Tekken or Street Fighter 5 on launch. It's more than functional, and so far has been better than current Street Fighter 5 or even Street Fighter 4 (4 has had ALOT of work done).It's clear some were disappointed by the state of this game on release for several solid reasons. However, I still say this game is worth it for anyone who both is interested in at least 2 of the characters and will play online. If you only want to play singleplayer this game may not be worth it."
76561198049855420,Recommended,493840,35235335,Posted: 26 September,all,BLARGFACE_15,It may have a pretty bad roster for now and it may not look as nice as other fighters this year but the gameplay is so fun that it makes up for it for me. I was really worried for this game at first and was thinking I would most likely refund it but the fighting system is so addicting and way better then mvc3. Pretty much I think people should give it a shot if they have a character or two they care about because the gameplay really is amazing.
76561197962650088,Not Recommended,493840,35068970,Posted: 19 September,all,Yukmout,"DRM ruins game. Story is good, gameplay is good, DRM is not."
,Recommended,493840,35206021,Posted: 25 September,all,Armind,"It's a good game.Most of everyone's sentiments are for the developer and not toward the actual game. If you enjoy high octane fighting games I would definitely recommend this game. the amount of combo freedom you have in this game is just insane.The roster might not be everyone's cup of tea, but once you move past it, you'll find that it's a very good game."
,Recommended,493840,35086865,Posted: 20 September,all,Chun-LiMorriganFan85,"If you played a Marvel vs. Capcom series game before, then you should know what to expect. It has the same frantic fast-paced fighting as the previous titles with some interesting new unique twists to it as well such as the Infinity Stones system, which returns from Marvel Super Heroes but with added gameplay elements such as the Infinity Surge mechanic. Plus, the netcode for the game is rock solid so far (I haven't played UMvC3 but from what I've heard, the netcode for that game was rather problematic). The only problem that I think of the game is that the DLC characters (current and future) cost money compared to games such as Street Fighter V, where they are free to unlock using in-game currency, though this is just a minor complaint since you can purchase a Character Pass, for Season 1 and beyond, to get the characters for when they're released. Other than that, Marvel vs. Capcom Infinite is definitely a solid release for anyone who's into the Marvel vs. Capcom series or just wants a fun, casual friendly fighting game to drain countless hours into thanks to the wide array of content in the game.P.S. Although the launch roster doesn't contain any X-Men characters, there is a rumor that we'll be seeing them as DLC next year, along with a slew of X-Men movies to be released as well. Just a little reminder to those who are wondering."
,Recommended,493840,35335985,Posted: 30 September,all,GFE | Halcyon,"MvC:I is a fantasticly fun Fighting Game and a great addition to the series.Pros:Contains some of your favorite Capcom and Marvel CharactersLong interactive Story Mode that is way better than most fighting games.Easy Intro Mechanics for new players of the franchise. (Auto-Combo etc.)Cons:DLC style is meh, but welcome to gaming in 2017..an x-men char would be cool, but the future dlc its still possible i guess."
,Not Recommended,493840,35502142,Posted: 5 October,all,siegeh25,"this game sucks-looks incredibly ugly-incredibly boring to watch as a spectator-if your some casual ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who buys fighters for single player, you're gonna be disapointed-gameplay is not that good. in concept the stones are a great idea but put together it's trash, only Reality and to an extent space are good-Gamora is completely broken, Ultron and Cap. Marvel is so god damn good there is 0 reason not to have them in your team-online netcode is not that good on PC-because of constant bad press, the CE looking like a scam, and Fchimp and Damonion, the game will have an extremely small player basehonestly play this at a local arcade and try it out to see if it floats your boat, or use steam refund. the gameplay is just not that good. it was for the first few days it came out when everyone was figuring things out."
,Recommended,493840,35092813,Posted: 20 September,all,Sc00p,I dont know why People call the game ugly or bad its a great fighting game experience. I am totally new to MVCI i played a little MVC3 but thats about it. I am mainly an Injustice / Injustice 2 player so i found this game really refreshing and awesome because MARVEL :D no but for real-Online is great no problems there (netcode and stuff)-Story cant say much but i mean probably most of the people buy it cuz of online :Dif you are a marvel / fighting game fan there is no reason to hate this game
,Recommended,493840,35097033,Posted: 20 September,all,Nice bud,"Despite clear flaws(graphics, lack of xmen/functions, small ish roster) the game is super fun, and the cast is actually very fun and versatile once you mess around with them. One of the most fun in fighting games ive had since vanilla mvc3"
76561198040568881,Not Recommended,493840,35117300,Posted: 21 September,all,PenRobber,"I cannot in my right mind recommend this game. The gameplay is very fun but that is all it has going for it. It isn't super well optimized for PC and often stutters even in a training mode and my computer can handle higher end games.Also the online is not great on PC I find. I have had 4 bar connections that felt like 2 bars. The roster is completely lacking and I find half the playable characters unbearable whether it be because of really bad voice acting or just nausea inducing looks.  Not to mention that at least half the DLC characters are already done and are being showcased two days after the game's launch and are being hidden behind a pay wall. Because 30 characters in a cross over game seems acceptable.As far as story mode there are a few cool moments that are campy and very cheesy which isn't bad for a lot of people. But most of the time you are fighting the most pathetic drones in a narrative that doesn't make a lot sense. It's fanservice but unlike injustice 2 lacks any sort of cohesive narrative or punch behind it. Somehow the SFV story was better because you fought actual characters most of the time in that story mode. Not to mention you see Black Panther and Monster Hunter (2 of the DLC characters you can buy for $5 each USD) in the story mode but can't even play as them or against them. Yet they showed off the Monster Hunter at TGS the other day so clearly she is done or at least in a done enough state Capcom felt comfortable showing off to the people.I regret buying this game. It is fun to play, I cannot argue that. And yes I do suck and am improving. But I cannot in my right mind recommend this game to someone on the hope it will improve (look at street fighter V) or on the gameplay online. It's 2017, and when your game has no art direction and looks like it was sloppily put together for the Apple Store and to make a profit off of microtransactions it is visually abhorrent to look at.If you want a fighting game I recommend something Tekken or anything from Arcsys. Arcsys may have a lot of re-releases, and Tekken has some of the worst DLC ever, but the base games for those are at least complete products. This game is unfinished, unrefined and frankly unfun to play online. Granted this review can change if they improve the game, but as of September 21st stay away from this game, it is another case of Capcom trying to abuse and milk their already beaten fanbase."
76561198023765843,Recommended,493840,35347050,Posted: 30 September,all,OG-Tortoise,"Ok....so I've jumped out of the hype of all the bad comments.  I've since refunded the game only to buy it again lol.  After playing it for some time....the game is damn fun.  Yes the roster is horrible, but there are good characters to choose from.  Although sigma looks like buzz lightyear....I can't help but salute to the X series.  The visuals....of course they could be better, but they aren't game ruining visuals.  As i'm playing I don't even pay attention to it because I'm so caught up in the fun gameplay.  Stop voting it down for presentation...graphics do not make the game.  The game is fun once you really get into it.  Just give it a shot.  If you aren't a child or a sheep, I'm sure you like playing the game."
,Not Recommended,493840,35143601,Posted: 22 September,all,JME,No 21:9 fullscreen support. Avoid it is you have this ratio until it is fixed.Small character pool with the standard practice of paid DLC.Got a refund and will just wait till its on sale in a month.
,Recommended,493840,35133423,Posted: 22 September,all,KuroiBlazr,"I have to say was not looking forward to this game at all, but they changed the package and saved the game. I'll start with the negatives in this review, but, overall, this is a great game!CONS:-The games is valued at 60 bucks. That's a bit too expensive, in my opinion, for what you get (Story mode included). Then a DLC pack for another 30 bucks. This pay for DLC generation of games is getting on my nerves.  (stop supporting the companies while they're screwing you over)-The announcers are, simply, don't have the energy they used to. They might as well enlist Ben Stein as the announcer-For me the default button mapping was as well thought out as with others in the series. Perhaps, it was meant to be played by a 6 fingered penguin? They do allow a button customization. That's a plus.-I was absolutely disappointed with the character roster. Magneto, my love *knife in heart. Although you won't get to duke it out with some of the series' staples (Magneto, Wolverine, etc), you do get a chance to play some newer characters.-MULTIPLAYER! MULTIPLAYER! MULTIPLAYER! While the netcode is amazing, the in lobby online voice feature actually gobbles up bandwidth like a fat man with no lunch budget. It has a rather unreasonable fix. To *fix it comfortably, you require 2 mics to be connected to your computer. One, you will set as default and mute it from your recoding device menu. The other you'll use as your third party mic should you choose to communicate with other (Discord, TeamSpeak,  and the like).PROS:-Aestetically the game looks on par with the earlier releases.-I absolutely love the fact that they stepped away from the overly simplified button mapping. Capcom seemed to cater to people who didn't understand the difference betwee light and heavy punches/kicks. Big plus returning to some variant of the jab,strong, fierce, short, forward, roundhouse.-They brought back some of the traits we've love from previous Mahvels. Bringing back the infinity stones was an absolutely great choice that adds a bit more complexity to the casts' already insane mixup game.-While the cast is disappointing, it does allow you the chance to play with some character never-before seen in the FG world.-The gameplay is fluid save for the seemingly choppy tag system.-The netcode for the game is absolutely amazing especially when compared to Capcom's earlier titles (SFV, UMVC3). In this age of online multiplayer gaming, they've really outdone themselves this time. If they'd hurry and patch in the fixed to the aforementioned bugs, the netplay would be seemless.My PC specs:CPU: I7 4790k Quad CoreGPU: GTX 950RAM: 16GBOS: Windows 10"
,Recommended,493840,35194466,Posted: 24 September,all,skeledave,"A lot of die-hard fan boys are negatively reviewing this game, which is fair enough as I can understand where they are coming from. Subjectively thinking though I find this game to be a decent fighter, and I think a lot of the negative reviews are based on comparisons of earlier iterations. If you have never played the MvC series beforehand and enjoy fighters, this game is probably worth giving a try. I found the Story mode to be quite an enjoyable experience. I am a fan of the art style they have chosen to use this time around, and subsequently thought the cinematics in the story mode were fantastic. Haven't given online a go yet, but my bad internet can't necessarily guarantee a good connection regardless of good/bad netcode. Another controversial point regarding the development of the game is the absence of X-men. Although this is upsetting (I was a Wolverine main in previous games), Capcom have managed to replace certain characters with other ones matching their respective archetypes. Rumour has it some X-men are appearing down the line as DLC, so we will have to wait and see what eventuates there. Will I be playing this game 6 months down the line? Probably not. But that has nothing to do with the state of the game currently, and more my fickle game tastes. That and also once Destiny 2 is out in a few weeks, my schedule will be booked out for a very long time.TL;DR - Don't give the reviews 100% credit for what they are saying (this one included). If you like Marvel Super Heroes and fighters, give it a crack. Maybe dont buy the Deluxe Edition though."
,Not Recommended,493840,35110020,Posted: 21 September,all,Beatrice,Poor AI.くだらんNo japanese voice.赦さない
76561198032981314,Not Recommended,493840,35072558,Posted: 19 September,all,Quinton,$60God awful graphics.Dante face!Iron Man face!Ryu face!Bad recycle animations.No 2560X1080 support.Sound effects? Special effects? Bad. Laughable.Music is garbage.Old Mugen Screenpacks and character select themes look ten times better than this.http://mugenguild.com/forum/topics/valeri-flux-screenpack-1-1-full-release--166354.0.htmlStages so bland and boring almost put me to sleep. >_<Play like a low budget indie game.Capcom day one dlc ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Capcom ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t season pass.Power Stone Remaster? Power Stone 3? Project Justice? Resident Evil 2 Remaster? No? More FGC fighting game catering? ♥♥♥♥ you Capcom.
,Not Recommended,493840,35151861,Posted: 23 September,all,Psycho Raptor (ChaoticallyCalm),"Just aweful DO NOT BUY THIS, get mavel vs capcom 3 is you need to get a fighter with the marvel name involved, Please do yourself a favor and look at mkx, dead or alive 5(which is free) tekken 7, Gulity gear 3rd.Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite, this game should not be acknowleged as a game, it looks and feels like an alpha project. I cant belive how bad this thing is, and I only got it cause someone suggested it and i wont listen to thier opionion on games ever again, first and last. This game is just crap, from the graphics to the controls, its just I MEAN SERIOUSLY, i could describe everything thats wrong with it but its the WHOLE THING! PLEASE DO NOT SUPPORT THIS, if you do games will begin to be just like this and cost 60 dollars for somehting that isnt worth 5. This game even has a season pass screw this game and boycott, its sad that they think they can do this to us.Please if you love games, hear me and do not buy this."
,Recommended,493840,35199075,Posted: 25 September,all,Meyrink,"Yes, the graphics are bad. Yes, the voices are meh. The music is also pretty awful. But the mechanics of this game, the gameplay, is absolutely rock solid. By far this is the best Marvel game to date if you care about and enjoy playing fighting games and not just watching them. Furthermore the netcode for this game is phenomenal, there is almost no difference between online play and live play, so whatever fundamentals and punishes you master online you can use at tournaments without having to worry about input delays or lag impacting your skills.If you're on the fence about this game, you should definitely buy in asap and start training now because every day you wait is a day of progress that everyone else is making who is determined to improve at this game. If that sounds daunting or you're reading this several months after release, maybe consider waiting for the sequel or playing something else."
76561198073558813,Not Recommended,493840,35079319,Posted: 20 September,all,GonzoHerbz,"I find myself asking ""why are they ok with producing something that is of such poor quality?""  The answer; they're greedy and they don't care.  I saw all the anti-hype with this game and figured I'd wait to play it myself before passing judgement.  Well, I took it for a spin and ladies and gentlemen, this is hot garbage.  I'm sick and tired of companies in this industry failing to produce anything that actually benefits the consumer.  Avoid!"
,Recommended,493840,35079122,Posted: 20 September,all,HéctorVzz,"Needs more characters and stages, but the game is pretty fun, great for new players and veterans.Net code is fine and the game runs amazing."
,Recommended,493840,35099273,Posted: 21 September,all,ProfD,"Amazing Game - I don't know WTF these negative reviewers are talking about...Gameplay and combat is the core of the genre and this game hit it on the mark.Major improvement in netcode, major improvements in combination tech.  No more one and done.Active switching and soul stone synergy give this title a unique feel to the series.If you are like me and have been playing this series since Marvel Super Heroes, MVC, MVC2, UMVC3, and now MVCI get this game.  MVCI brings a fresh feel with an exciting potential for competitive play.  You will have a ton of fun."
76561198040885379,Recommended,493840,35078504,Posted: 19 September,all,Ori0n_V,its ugly but fun
,Recommended,493840,35194405,Posted: 24 September,all,NukaHusky,"I love everything about this game, everything is so perfectly balanced, its the best fighter I have played thus far,  here is the roster:Marvel Roster:Captain America – Cap returns to the series with fancy new togs inline with the MCU. His moves haven’t changed too much but he has a new second shield throw to add to his arsenalCaptain Marvel – Carol Danvers will be soon be joining the Marvel movie universe and is also making her first-time appearance in a Capcom Versus game as well. She’s got projectile attacks and is a speedy attacker.Doctor Strange – Doctor Strange made his debut in Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3 and is returning with a slightly less flamboyant cape. Expect him to be as slippery as ever with his Sorcerer Supreme’s teleportationDormammu – First appearing in Marvel vs Capcom 3, Capcom announced that Dormammu made the cut for InfiniteGamora – Another newcomer from the MCU, Gamora was shown in the story trailer persuading Thanos to help her find the Infininty StonesGhost Rider – Another MvC3 face – and I’m using the term loosely – originally surfaced after some datamining. The full story trailer confirms that Johnny Blaze is making his return in SeptemberHawkeye – Hawkeye looks slightly less like a giant aubergine in his revamped Marvel vs Capcom: Infinite costume, and has ditched the helmet for a pair of sunglasses. Ant-Man is no longer a part of Hawkeye’s super, lending weight to the rumour that he’ll be a new roster additionHulk – The Hulk has been around since Marvel Super Heroes and is a staple of the franchise at this point. He’s got himself a new wall jump and dash special, so fans of the not-so-lean, green fighting machine can look forward to thatIron Man – Iron Man is another familiar face and was one of the first Marvel characters to be revealed, along with Captain America. His two new moves, Repulsor Array and Smart Mine, will serve to set him apart from the other heroes, as his playstyle hasn’t really been defined in previous gamesNova – Nova is making a comeback for Marvel vs Capcom: Infininte. Fans of the character will be pleased to know that Marvel Comics editor of Nova, Bill Rosemann, is executive creative director on the gameRocket Raccoon – Our furry friend is gracing us with his presence again, and is bringing Groot into the fray with his new Hyper Combo, which means we probably won’t be seeing Groot on the rosterSpider-Man – Spider-Man is a fresh-faced addition to the MCU and a Versus series staple, and leaving him off the roster would have been crazyThanos – Thanos has been in the Marvel vs Capcom series before as both a boss and a playable character. This time around, he has an integral part in the story mode, helping Gamora find the Infinity StonesThor – Asgard’s finest is back and he looks pretty much the same as his last in-game appearance, although if you pre-order Marvel vs Capcom: Infinite, you’ll unlock the Warrior Thor costumeUltron – Mega Man X’s Sigma and Marvel’s Ultron have merged into one psychotic super villain in Marvel vs Capcom Infininte, and he has his drones to call on to help him stomp you into the ground.Capcom Roster:Arthur – Ghosts ‘n’ Goblins’ hero Arthur was a popular character in Marvel vs Capcom 3. He’s back with projectiles, and his handy lance and sword for some varied attacksChris Redfield – Chris is taking a well-earned break from killing zombies to make another Marvel vs Capcom appearance in Infinite. He’s bringing his gun collection – rocket launcher and all – but won’t shy away from a good old fashioned brawlChun-Li – This lady is in her wheelhouse, although even fans of her Lightning Legs aren’t totally happy with how she looks in-game right nowDante – Dante also got hit with the ugly stick, but he’s supposedly easier to get to grips with than in Marvel vs Capcom 3, so that’s somethingFirebrand – Ghosts ‘n’ Goblins villain and Gargoyle’s Quest star Firebrand (known as the Red Arremer in Japan) returns from MVC3, reprising his role as a strong airborne character.Frank West – Everyone’s favorite zombie-killing photojournalist returns after making his debut in MvC3. The star of Capcom’s Dead Rising video game series was confirmed at Comic Con 2017Jedah – Darkstalker’s Jedah is a newcomer to the series. His name was initially dug up by dataminers, but Capcom revealed him at EVO 2017 during a short exhibition matchMega Man X – Roster addition Mega Man X’s reveal was a huge deal for Mega Man fans while simultaneously reminding them that it’s been forever and a day since the Blue Bomber has appeared in his own franchise. Mega Man X has a temporary armour transformation and a charge shot to bootMike Haggar – Haggar was part of the roster in MvC3 and it seems like he couldn’t get enough, so he’s coming back for moreMorrigan Aenstand – Morrigan has kicked butt in Capcom’s Darkstalkers series and in Marvel vs Capcom 3. Her Darkness Illusion hyper combo makes a return as does Soul Fist, but Capcom has said that she won’t be able to spam the latter this time aroundNathan Spencer – The Bionic Commando, Nathan ‘Rad’ Spencer, is just as agile as he was in MvC3, with his zipline and bionic arm making him a juggling machineNemesis – Some fans aren’t psyched to see that Nemesis is on the roster rather than alternative characters from the Resident Evil universe, but they’ll just have to lump itRyu – Not a lot has changed when it comes to Ryu, but his alternate specials are worth a mention, as he gets a vertical fireball with the use of an Infinity StoneStrider Hiryu – A veteran of the series, Strider is back with a familiar moveset, plus a new slash attack that can be deployed after a wall jump to take opponents from behindZero – Mega Man X’s partner in crime was a favourite in MvC3, and he’s making a return in Marvel vs Capcom Infinite. There were concerns that he wouldn’t be a playable character after his appearance in the cinematic story trailer, but he is indeed a bona fide addition to the roster.I am a strong Zero and Ryu player as it is balanced, and you can zone in with Zero's blade, I love doing ariel combos with them since they can balance it out. Zero and Ryu are technically my mains, play the combo missions and side missions, it will teach you how they play and how they move. Missions are important and vital, the rank does not matter, and casual does not matter. You can have 500 loses, and 20 wins, it doesnt matter, because its just a chess match.You can see how people can just rush and win from the first move, hence the combo spam, but this isnt always effective, you can always use Advancing Guard and Blocking and foreshadow it before it attacks, there is a 2 FPS frame limit, so its automatic you can feel whose going to win or going to lose, its a frame rate issue. It needs to be fixed. I am intrigued how things work in this game, as you learn everything within yourself. Fighters are a spiritual journey, you should respect it as that."
,Not Recommended,493840,35247011,Posted: 27 September,all,Jani,"The worst MvC game ever.- Looks like a pre-Alpha game and costs 60 dollars!!!!!!- ""High"" and ugly graphics and animations- FPS performance problems (tested on a I7 with 16Gb 1866 SSD 600Mb/s)- The default damage handicap doesn't match the real punishment a player deserves for a mistake- The story is crapI see no positive point on this, if I can call it, ""RELEASE"".THIS GAME IS NOT WHAT THE FANS DESERVE."
76561198156359011,Recommended,493840,35159609,Posted: 23 September,all,lightingseal,Fun as hell but real ugly
,Recommended,493840,35418710,Posted: 2 October,all,BOOMY,Presentation not what it should be. Roster missing some core additions.But who cares?It plays fantastic!This seems to be all anyone who actually plays it says. And for good reason. Just want to keep playing despite not having anything to fend off criticism of graphics/audio/roster. Worth it for fighting game fans. the system is so open.
76561198036164340,Recommended,493840,35437733,Posted: 2 October,all,NaCl,It's like dating that ugly chick with a great personality
,Recommended,493840,35133094,Posted: 22 September,all,badjab326,"Alright, I'm leavng a postive review, so let's get the bad stuff out of the way first.1. There's a lot of UMvC3 characters ported to this game, but also not all of them which is why this is bad. The ones that have been brought over have been retooled though and almost play completely differently than they did before.2. The UI and models aren't the best, but we're on PC, give it time ;)3. Marvel side music is no longer the classic themes we're used to. Once again, mods can easily fix this.4. No arcade endings, but they put a lot of resources into story mode so thats good enough for me.5. DLC characters look better than everyone else. Seems like every fighter has been doing this lately, but it definitely sucks.Now the good1. Gameplay is fantastic, I was a skeptic after hearing how drastically different it is from UMvC3, but after playing for a while and getting a feel for it it is absolutely amazing. The combo system is more freeform and gives you more options than you even thought were possible.2. Netcode is great, I have about 24hrs logged atm with at least half of it being online play, which usually runs buttery smooth. The few laggy matches i've had were more teleporty and less underwater feeling. As long as you're on a decent hard wired connection, you'll have a great time.3. The new characters are all really fun and good looking. You can tell where they put the most effort in, Jedah in particular looks amazing and has lended himself amazingly to this new system. Thanos while effectively different from his MvC2 counterpart still retains some of his classic charm, but is overall a much better character.4. Support! This game is destined to have a long life and a healthy amount of content over time. The biggest complaints about UMvC3 were regarding the lack of updates to the game. As time goes on we could see our old favorites return.TL:DR If you like fast paced fighting games, try it. If you just like new Marvel/Capcom characters, wait for a cheap DLC bundle or good mods."
76561198025906167,Recommended,493840,35224312,Posted: 26 September,all,heX,"This game is nonstop fun, if you like the MvC games and/or fighting games in general you can't go wrong. If you are interested in getting into fighting games, watch some videos online to get idea how the game feels."
76561198115743651,Recommended,493840,35142772,Posted: 22 September,all,Xeakpress,Welp here we go my time to comment lets just start where its BadConsThe game looks bad the art style and graphics as well as graphic options are REALLY bad especially char facesTheres DLCAnd the UI for the game is something out of a mobile gameRoster isnt the best or even greatBUT these things are to be expected This game was announced at PlayStation experience last year and it was stated that this game would be made with Marvel so from that point it was  very apparent that they would want to try and pull in as many fans in their present day extremely popular Avengers series. And any game that comes out in a year will look bad ive yet to see one that doesnt.ProsThis has some of the best game play everInfinity stones add more depth then i could have thoughtOnline net play is great and using rollback net code****time and screens between matches are much shorter then expectedTheres DLCThis game takes conventional ideas of what a vs series game means puts it 2v2 then makes it some of the most complex game play that and the infinity stones and working well online  make this game something i feel like i WANT to sit in a lab and practice. blocking and just going and free forming combos feels better then any other fighting game ive ever played and its amazingThe core cast isnt great but there will be very polished DLC to go along with it just look at panther and monster Hunter even in their unfinished state ( and like people PLEASE its a fighting game in 2017 i cant think of a fighting game good or bad in the last what 7 years that didnt have it wanted or not time to stop complaining about whats par for the course) \Over all id give this game in its current state around a 6.5 to a 7 in terms or presentation and the package that it ships inthe game play however is something out of a story book actually amazing and id give it a 9.5 to a 10 (no X23 come on guys we all know shes the best)would i say buy this game in what we know to be its inferior stateYes if you like fighting games and want to see what you can come up with in this game because there is alotNo if youre anyone else that doesnt wanna pay for DLC and has no issue waiting even as game improves (but dont forger the longer you wait the better people will get so it wont be fun for you going into ranked or player matches)\\\Im not defending the game or saying im OK with everything in the game or questioning the choices made for the game but im willing to take a step back and look at the game objectively and see that despite all the impurities it still appeals to me
76561197986275366,Recommended,493840,35494352,Posted: 5 October,all,FoxClaw,"This game has some weird decisions made to it during it's development.But at it's core, MVCI is the best out of the MVC games as far as Onlineplay and Mechanics go.I also prefere the games graphics over the celllshaded look of MVC3 but that's just me ~ other than that however i really do not understand why people still claim it ""looks bad"", the ingame models are well made and detailed.About supposedly ""missing"" characters like the X-Men, eh i am missing some characters as well but the roster is still very good as long as people are not butthurt and blinded by the larger roster of previous games which to be fair already had DLC and a lot of clone-characters which this game does not!The story mode is pretty good but it's more like watching a cool character-mashup-movie.The game is also missing a difficulty setting for some reason.Final Verdict: Great game, best of the series, even with its flaws. ""The good outweigh the bad"" no matter how loud people cry out the bad."
76561198001408368,Recommended,493840,35316800,Posted: 29 September,all,Queen HawlSera,"Not a bad guy, but the roster sucks. If you like Street Fighter you'll LOVE this."
,Recommended,493840,35271676,Posted: 28 September,all,Soules,"Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite is a great addition to the series and while it's different in mechanics it's not different in quality.The story has some big problems due to the in game models not working well in cut scenes and dialogues being strange, but outside the problems it is a solid and interesting story.Gameplay is the most important thing in a fighting game without it the game will not be as popular as developers might hope, and Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite shows that graphics does not define a good game but the gameplay does by making it one of the best in its genre, but of course it has its balancing problems making some characters look better then others, but overall the mechanics work and the gameplay feels amazing and fun, with addition that the game is a near perfect mix of accessibility and skill that's rarely seen in games like this.Graphics could have been better but also a lot worse, personally i prefer this over MvC3 any day but that's just something personal, the stages are a great view while i wish for some of the story stages to be accessible like the one with doran moran, overall i find the game a great sight to be hold.Music is ok but has been better.If seen a lot off ''reviews'' that complain about the graphics or that the models of DLC characters are in the game but not playable not considering that the characters does not have any animations outside the story or some characters not being in the game bla, bla, bla, and i must say they truly hate the Marvel vs Capcom series if that clouds there judgment of a good game and arguably the best thing about Marvel vs Capcom games.personall opinions:I dont really care about X-men characters outside of wolverine sabretooth and X-23,and maybe deadpool's moveset.I prefer this gameplay style over that of the old marvel vs Capcom games it feels less button mashy."
,Not Recommended,493840,35358649,Posted: 30 September,all,downshiftxlr8,"I tried to give it a chance but.....the roster eventually killed it for me.Pros:Great fighting mechanics, everything felt right at home.Cons:You can tell this game is going to DLC hell just by looking at the roster."
,Recommended,493840,35377346,Posted: 1 October,all,Neilliyo,Roster is lacking and some characters look like they need some sleep but the game is fun to play and has good online connection.
76561198162490048,Recommended,493840,35256298,Posted: 28 September,all,Axxel,"You know what? I'm giving it a thumbs up.Maybe it doesn't deserve it. Maybe the roster isn't as exciting as the previous games. Maybe the graphics aren't  very amazing, and maybe there isn't much for me to do because for whatever reason I don't find very many online  matches. (Shocking, I know).But you know what? I really like this game. I kept telling myself I was going to try and refund it the day I bought it after fiddling with it for an hour or so, but I downright enjoy playing this game. The combos are fun to perform, and the new mechanics are a blast. When I sit down and play a proper match, I'm having an amazing time, probably even more funthan I was in MvC3U.This game may have a lacking roster, but the issue there is only REALLY an issue in the first place because of the way fans are going off their heads about it. It drove me nuts for a while, the lack of characters, but when you sit down and play, it really doesn't bug me that much. And the fans just angrily screaming about the game are the major reason it's ""not a good game"", because that's the way people choose to see it. Just because it's not totally amazing, doesn't mean it's not a lot of fun to play.But hey, that's just my 2 cents. If you disagree, that's fine. If you're looking for crazy graphics and characters, I guess look elsewhere. If you like fighting games because you enjoy playing a fighting game with another player, then MvCi is pretty good. Only, I think the playerbase is much larger on PS4, which sucks for me I guess, but oh well :)"
,Recommended,493840,35256281,Posted: 28 September,all,NinjutStu,"MvC:I is a rare scenario in game design choices. It's a flawed game. A flawed game with excellent gameplay, but mediocre content and questionable artistic direction. It's worth playing for fans of these games, but probably doesn't offer much to the casual button masher.The Good: Gameplay. They took a risk changing the gameplay back to a 2v2 style and cutting out pretty much every mechanic introduced since the original X-Men vs. Street Fighter. While the end product isn't really ""better"" than MvC3, it's different. And it works as its own game.The Bad:The character roster is terrible. It's pretty normal to look at an MvC game's roster select and not know who to choose because there are so many awesome characters. This was the first time I didn't know who to choose because I had no interest the majority fo the cast. Clearly they wanted to make this Avengers vs Capcom. But that title probably didn't have the market recognition. The problem with calling it Marvel vs Capcom is that players expect a lot of characters that have been core to the franchise since the beginning. This was only made worse when press asked Capcom why characters such as Dr. Doom and Wolverine weren't included. PR reps made comments asking if younger players would even know who the X-men are anymore. Its never good to launch a game where players are already mad at the product before launch.What really stings though is that the Capcom side is equally bad. It feels like someone wrote down a list of all the popular characters fans want to see and then did their best not to include them. Did you want to see fan favorites like Akuma or Tron? How about retro classics like Captain Commando? Maybe Ashura or another crazy new character making their debut? Nope. But somehow Firebrand and Nemesis made the cut. I even like Nemesis... but I'll admit he sort of barely was acceptable in Ultimate MvC3 because he was cut during development of the vanilla version. This combined with the lack of new characters makes the whole affair horribly dissapointing. The character roster is the main source of content in a fighting game; for a game re-using so many assets from the previous iteration, the small roster just doesn't live up to what it should.That leads into the game's other flaw: the art. MvC3 had a excellent comic book style with a lot of dark lines and stylized characters. This game ditches that to go for more realism. A lot of the character models look odd. The faces fall into a strange uncanny valley and many of the character skins look much worse than MvC3. Take a look at Hulk, 'nuff said. More baffling is that half the characters on the Marvel side look like they were reskinned to look more like their movie counterparts. But not all of them. Hawkeye was changed to look like Jeremy Renner.  Thor still looks like classic comic Thor from MvC3. Some of the Capcom characters look like they were given new faces. The other half look like its exactly the MvC3 model.It's a strange stylistic mashup that just don't look anywhere near as good as MvC3 did.That pretty much sums up the experience here. The ""game"" part is executed well, but the content and art are baffling.  What is unfortunate is that the players who are going to probably enjoy the game most are the hardcore MvC fans. Those fans would have probably rather gotten a more faithful sequel to MvC2 and 3.The MCU focus and the reduction to 2v2 battles was probably aimed at getting more casual players to buy. But the huge roster and ridiculous amount of stuff going on onscreen is half the appeal to this series.The bad press over the art and character roster is probably going to hurt the games sales. I just hope that executives don't interpret this as players not wanting to purchase MvC games. There very much is a market for a cross-over game featuring all your favorite characters duking it out. But MvC:I isn't the game players were asking for. It's an experiment in ignoring what your buyers are asking for and then trying to justify it to them.Despite all this, MvC:I is still a fun game and one that I plan on sinking many hours into. It's just dissapointing that it falls so short of its potential.Alternative Review:MvC:I is the alternate future in which all your favorite mutants and Capcom heroes were hunted down by Sentinels. Except Wolverine never comes back to set things right. Also the Sentinels hunt themselves and also don't show up. But don't worry, Firebrand makes it."
,Recommended,493840,35075334,Posted: 19 September,all,FeliciaFan,"If there was ever a game that I would give the title of ""double-sided coin"", Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite is quite possibly the best example of the term. Having been berated since its inception, it's no surprise that it has received a lukewarm reception during its launch phase. However, if you can look past the reviews made by unreliable individuals who have played for less than an hour, you'll find a game that is quite possibly one of the greatest fighting games of the past decade...at least gameplay wise.Marvel vs. Capcom Infinite goes back to the series' roots. 2 vs. 2 with no assists, a format we haven't had since X-Men vs. Street Fighter back in 1996. While this may have turned some players off from playing entirely, those that look past the system change will find a game whose gameplay and technicality is unlike anything the series has seen to date, and it WORKS. The options one has during combos is literally 'infinite', for you're only resricted by your creativity and grasp of the combo structure. Because of this, it's very easy for players to build an identity for themselves, distinguishing themselves from the thousands of others running the same team. I'm willing to go on record and say that this installation is easily one of the franchise's best (gameplay wise), being on par if not better than MvC1 and 2.Of course, while the gameplay is the insane over-the-top fun we expect from Mahvel, the game does indeed have its faults. The presentation is easily the worst aspect of the game, as menus and HUDs look very basic and amateurish. However, this is something that could easily be changed by updates to the game or by Mods, which you lovely people will have access to as you bought the PC version. On top of the presentation, the roster will definitely be lacking to some of you. While I may be missing my main from previous games (PLEASE bring back Felicia!) I've found characters I really want to use in both Jedah and Ultron, and once you have characters you want to play, the rest of the roster doesn't really matter anymore, but that's just me, and I don't speak for everyone on that topic.The story is also a mixed-bag, having awkward character animations during cutscenes along with pre-rendered graphics that're noticeably worse than the in-game quality. However, that's not to say it's not fun to play through and enjoy. It's dumb cheesy comic fun, and I don't really think they were trying to be anything more than just that, so it's practically harmless. You also get six free stages out of it as well, so it gives you some incentive to actually play it.I'm sorry for rambling, but I do genuinely feel that there's alot to love about this game, and I KNOW there will be even more to love about it in the years to come. I don't expect for everyone to get past the rocky visuals (PS: Look up how to turn off your Chromatic abberation, you won't regret it) If you're a fan of Mahvel, buy the game, for it's crazy fun and you'll want to get a leg up on your competition. If you're unsure about buying or are a first-timer, I recommend waiting until December to make your choice, for by December all six DLC characters will be available and the team's plans for 2018 will be known to us, so if you see characters you like coming in the next year, you can make the decision to get it then if you so wish.Again, do not listen to the blind hate, for nobody who has played for an hour or less can truly tell you how great this game is. That's not to say that some criticism isn't valid, because it surely is, but complaints such as ""On disc DLC"" (Which is not a thing BTW) and ""No X-Men"" are not valid arguments for you to call a game bad. This is a game you need to meld with, and once you do, you're never going to want to leave. Also, did I mention the netcode is really good? Just that little cherry on top. So yes, if a Mahvel fan, BUY IT. If you're new and want to try it out, go right ahead. If not, wait until December. That's all.IT'S MAHVEL BAYBEE! WE'RE BACK!!"
,Recommended,493840,35075545,Posted: 19 September,all,Choowkee,Game is fun.
76561198064807992,Recommended,493840,35097465,Posted: 20 September,all,Doshyy,"Overall I find the game enjoyableOf course I am not happy just like the general public on such a small roster and the 'questionable' art styleBUT I find the gameplay to be really really funThe online is also really good! Which definitely helps the game out cus the offline stuff is kinda lacklusterStory is corny and gets kinda boring, but if you want all the stages you gotta do it. Luckily you can skip the cutscenes so it doesn't take nearly as long to complete.It's not my favorite fighting game and it's definitely not my favorite MVC game, but I do find the gameplay itself to be fun.7/10 get it if you like fighting games, try to not judge it too much until you really get into the fighting mechanics, cus that's where it shines!"
76561197968513722,Recommended,493840,35093548,Posted: 20 September,all,Tribunal,"I don't play a lot of fighters. I pick one up every other year, and so far I'm pleased with what they've done with MVCI. I played the original MVC, but otherwise can't compare this to any other offerings in the franchise. So I can't speak to how it holds up against those. What I will say is so far it's a heck of a lot of fun, and it looks gorgeous in 4k. It plays the way I remember the original, and while the consensus here is that the roster is weak, the variety and amount seem fine to me. There's more here than I'll learn to play with. No technical issues so far, and it worked with my PS3 Mad Catz TE2 fightstick natively. It's also very approachable for novice players, which means that it will work well for when I have friends over for game night.Now, the caveat here is that I will probably only be playing this for a month, and most of that time will be spent vs CPU, in the amateur league, or local game night with friends. It's filler for me until Destiny 2 ships on October 24th, so what I'm expecting to get for my $60 will be less than someone who is looking to invest serious time in this (there are other reviews to cover that type of consumer). After that, it'll go to the back seat. However, based on my play time so far, I could definitely see myself coming back to this and picking up some DLC from time to time, especially if it stays on the rotation for game night as I suspect it will."
,Recommended,493840,35483025,Posted: 4 October,all,Floofie,"I was very skeptical and critical of this game leading up to it's release. To be honest I wasn't even intending to get the game what with the lack of X-Men characters and the fact almost the entire cast is reused from Marvel vs Capcom 3 and UMVC3. However I found out it was actually Disney that was responsible for it and not Capcom do to the fact they stated that it would apparently give free publicity to X-Men movies which are owned by Fox currently, showing the depths of Disney's greed.The Season Pass DLC garbage didn't help any either. Though this isn't just a Capcom problem, it's a problem with a lot of big gaming companies these days to churn out overpriced DLC and Season Pass junk. We need to boycott these practices. These triple A developers shouldn't be allowed to be so lazy when they have a huge team to work on a game, where as a smaller indie game can do everything they do and more with nowhere near the budget. Though to be honest I feel Capcom isn't a bad company overall, they seem to mean well at times, but they make terrible mistakes. They're stupid but not overly malicious... I think that title easily goes to Konami.Anyways, back on topic about the game. I decided to eventually get the game to try it out, and I was surprised at how much fun I'm having with it. The gameplay is a whole lot of fun with a surprising amount of depth to the combat while also being easy for beginners to grasp. I was upset at the lack of 3v3, but with the Infinity Stone system and the Active Tag system it works incredibly well. The amount of variations you can do with combos and playstyles is really impressive. Each of the six stones have a power you can use, and can lead to different ways of playing. The variety is really incredible, you can pull off all sorts of flashy and unique combos and the way the system works allows for lots of different ways to approach.I think the 2v2 system works well for this game, given that this isn't called MVC4. Plus the original MVC was a 2v2 fighter as well, and there was also an older game made by Capcom about Marvel involving the Infinity Stones and Thanos as well. It's nice to see a throwback to these older games. Despite the roster being more or less mostly UMVC3 with a few things sprinkled in, the characters all play very well. Older characters from MVC3 have different moves and ways to fight. Zero has some new moves and actions that give him much more depth then he did in MVC3 for example.The graphics are a mixed bag, while some characters look fantastic, like Jedah for example, others look really outdated and nowhere near what current hardware is capable of. It seems like they had a strict budget, and the graphics can show sometimes when you look at them close, but in-game everything looks nice. The music itself is decent as well, with some good songs standing out, like X having the Intro Stage music from Mega Man X1. Some of the songs are hit and miss, though I wouldn't say they're terrible at all. Overall despite being rough around the edges at times, its solid enough to not be too distracting.There are a decent amount of content for a fighter in this, though I do think more fighting games need to incorporate deeper single player content. The Story Mode is actually really enjoyable and worth playing through. There's also a classic Arcade Mode where you can just go through some fights and fight the boss at the end for some quick fun. There's of course an online mode as well as missions where you can get familiarized with characters and a decent tutorial as well. All in all I'd say the single player content is okay, but could use some more additions such as a survival mode like in SFV possibly and a score based mode.I think what really hurt this game was bad publicity and marketing. People are tired of DLC nonsense and it needs to be put to an end. However I feel like I can safely say that this game is enjoyable and a great game for casual players and those looking for a high-paced fighter with depth too. I wouldn't say it's worth 59.99 unless you have money to burn like I did. I would suggest waiting for a price drop sale. Overall I think this game deserves a chance. I almost didn't give it one. I suggest trying this game out, and if it's not your cup of tea, you can refund it.Also...X IS IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME BOY!!! YES!!!!! <3"
76561198057067225,Recommended,493840,35070442,Posted: 19 September,all,Hacksignify,"Played my first session after being kind of scared coming up to the realease due to all the negative ""press"" surrounding it. If you are a big fan of fighting games and are on the fence I will try to explain why i think this is worth it.New button layout actually may seem intimidating untill you realise the universal launcher is still there. This game is unlike every other marvel vs capcom game, but that describes the whole seris from 1 to 3 and TvC.2v2 is a nice new change of pace, the tag system leads to a new type of mixups so good and creative it leave assists pointless. You really need to create synergy between your characters but with the tag system (which is amazing and much better than SFxT) and the infinity stone mechanic there are so many ways to create your team to fit your play style.If you need to wait until the price drops I say go ahead and wait, but if you love fighting games and you have the money to do so this game is dope and i hope you enjoy it."
,Recommended,493840,35077927,Posted: 19 September,all,PermaVirgin,"Marvel vs Capcom: Infinite is a beatifully crazy game and you'll be able to enjoy it for hundreds of hours if you're interested in competitive fighting games. Though it returned to its roots by decreasing your team by one character slot and removed assists altogether, this game is just as frantic as ever due to its new tagging system called ""active switch"" which allows you to tag in your secondary character during pretty much every action possible with a really short cooldown of about 2 to 3 seconds. This won't make your offense unstoppable though since your tagged out character remains on the screen for a little while and is able to take damage meaning that people who are too careless with their tags will get blown up by beam supers for example. Additionally you are able to choose a power stone which acts as the standard comeback mechanic and further complements your team and playstyle thanks to certain skills like teleports, homing projectiles, etc.The combo system is as loose as it has always been and allows you to explore your creative side. Every character has almost infinite (heh) possibilities but even the most basic combos do viable damage. You're still encouraged to be innovative though because longer and more complex combos provide you with additional meter gain, utility like side switch or full corner carry, better okizeme and of course more damage.""MUH ROSTER AND GRAPHICS!!!!!""Who the ♥♥♥♥ gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥about that? Seriously, if you're unironically interested in superhero characters you're a disgusting failure of a human being and probably have enough problems as it is. Get a grip on yourself, nerd!The graphics are subpar but so are KoFs, another extremely good, underrated fighting game.I don't agree with Capcom's DLC practices."
,Recommended,493840,35078778,Posted: 19 September,all,FGCx.FRED_OH意波動,You want a review here it is people ♥♥♥♥♥ and complain for every little thing on any new game but for this one it makes no sense why because there is to many copyright issues and to top it off about the graphics the graphics are fine for me the thing I care about the most are the mechanics and netcode and it amazed me that people lie about it being♥♥♥♥♥♥etc when it's not true the netcode is 8.5/10 the mechanics are easy to adapt and the gameplay for it it's actually fun if you like experimenting new combos but overall I recommend this game because I for one play the game for fun and get good at I don't look at stupid details like these half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥negative people that just want everything to be handed to them when in reality they don't help out the fgc grow
,Recommended,493840,35106854,Posted: 21 September,all,Yung Frametraps,Do you like fighting games?Yes: You'll love this oneNo: Why are you here?
76561198013806823,Recommended,493840,35094936,Posted: 20 September,all,The Prestige,"It's Marvel VS Capcom with some siginificant changes. The developers took a bold move and I think it really succeeded. Despite the smaller roster and the planned (6) DLC characters to come, I think this game is still worth buying. Is Capcom a greedy company? Hell yeah, but we all knew this before hand so it's not any news now.Also, expect an Ultimate edition with more characters in a year or two just like they did with Marvel VS Capcom 3."
,Recommended,493840,35170959,Posted: 23 September,all,Crustmilk,"Fun arcade style action. I do not understand the hate it recieves but to me who has played all the VS and SF games, I found this to be a fast paced arcade style game with loads of future potential."
76561197988001087,Recommended,493840,35184536,Posted: 24 September,all,Crustis,"roster 6/10graphics 7/10gameplay 9/10sound 9/10this game doesnt really deserve the hate it is recieving. Its very solid and very fun. I see none of these user ""reviews"" reference anything about the gameplay."
76561198101164907,Not Recommended,493840,35145974,Posted: 22 September,all,pancake(waffle),not worth 60$ at all
,Recommended,493840,35181401,Posted: 24 September,all,brainfraud,"Yo! This is the first new Marvel since 2011! It will be the first Marvel to receive post launch support for years to come, Capcom supported Pro Scene, Free Balance Patches/Updates and DLC too.It has great Netplay, a huge upgrade from the horrible Ultimate Marvel Vs Capcom 3 netplay and dear I say better netplay than Street Fighter V! I've played 200 games online and I can count on one hand the games that were laggy/unplayable, 5 count 'em 5 bad games out of 200, thats 2.5% thats amazing netplay.NETPLAY: 10/10When you first play the game you'll see 10 stages which might be a downer however there is 6 unlockable stages by completing Story Mode for a total of 16 Stages at release. New Metro City, Dark Kingdom and Dr. Lights stage are some of my favorites! I wish they did a better job on Training Room stage though.STAGES: 8/10Single player content has the Story Mode and Arcade Mode along with CPU battles, Collection Mode and Missions. I gotta be honest Story Mode was boring to me, it took about 4 hours to complete and after I was done I came to the conclusion that Fighting Games are in fact that Fighting Games meant for players to go mano-a-mano. Adding a story mode will not gain mass popularity for Fighting Games even the best Story Modes like Injustice or Mortal Kombat do not have droves of people streaming or massive online viewers. Honestly Capcom should have left out the Story Mode and used the resources and man power to create a bigger launch roster.Missions are your basic trial stuff from other games, Collection allows some access to character model viewer, music, themes, cutscenes and concept art.Capcom listened to SFV complaints and gave us an Arcade Mode, that said this Arcade Mode doesn't keep track of scores or time which sucks basically making Arcade pointless besides the fact that you can unlock titles, achievements and colors by completing Arcade.STORY MODE/SINGLE PLAYER CONTENT: 6/10Gameplay is amazing, everything is so free form. Tagging is so much more interesting than Assists, you can do pretty much whatever you want as far as combos. Going back to 2v2 from 3v3 is no big deal, Marvel Super Heroes and the first MVC were 2v2, bringing back the gems was a good idea and infact the gems are kind of like a 3rd character in a way it completely changes team synergy and your overall gameplay for your team. Reflecting projectiles is dope, advance guard is back, short hop aka DUD jump is new and its awesome.The gameplay is so deep the Marvel community has barely broken the surface of what we can do.GAMEPLAY: 10/10As far as characters and roster there is an issue of only 6 new characters and 24 returning characters from UMvC3 for a total of 30 characters at launch. That said every character got changed in some ways, in fact Rocket Raccoon even though he is a returning character he was changed dramatically along with his appearance. Nemesis, Spiderman, Haggar, Dormammu just to name a few all got gameplay changes. Some characters got smaller changes like Chris or Ryu.All the new characters look great and have unique play styles (Yes, Thanos is a new character because he has never had a 3D model and his move set is new from the ground up.) Every character got a lvl3 Hyper Combo this time around!That said they could have added at least 4 more new characters and a few more females, for instance if Monster Hunter, Black Widow, Laura and Loki replaced Spencer, Chris, Ghost Rider and Hawkeye I think there would be fewer complaints about the roster. I must repeat that all the new characters (Ultron, Jedah, Thanos, Captain Marvel, Gamora and Mega Man X) look great gameplay wise.All that said the roster and characters available are not as bad as a lot of people claim it to be, sure it could be better but its not terrible. Its a 2v2 game which means less characters are needed to function as opposed to a 3v3 game, Marvel Super Heroes  had 13 characters if you include unlockable hidden characters.Injustice 2 launched with 28 characters and went the DLC route and so far has announced 7 DLC characters up to this point. SFV launched with 16 characters and has released 11 DLC characters as of now. If you expected 40 or 50 characters at launch you're expectations were way too high, back in the day they didnt release post launch content so everything had to be crammed in by release. If you think all the MVC2 characters looked good and had fleshed out gameplay you are wrong. MVC3 launched with 36 characters in a 3v3 game, MVCI launched with 30 I think the amount of characters is fine, its just the character choices that are an issue.Too many returning characters, not enough new ones at launch. Far too many females, needed at least 3 more female characters in base roster. All that said its not awful, just could have been much better.ROSTER/CHARACTERS: 7/10A huge complaint I see is graphics or art style, lets be clear MVCI is not some amazing ground breaking, beautiful, gorgeous game that you'll mistake for real like. First art style they went with does not compliment human faces well at all, Haggars body and muscles look awesome but his face not so much. Same goes for Chris, Dante, Frank, Spencer none of their faces look good. They did fix Chun-Lis face and humans like Hawkeye, Strange, Ryu look fine.Non-human looking characters look amazing for instance the detail on Nemesis is such an upgrade from UMvC3, hes supposed to be ugly of course and its a gorgeous detailed mess of ugly. Mega Man, Zero, Ghost Rider, Dormammu, Jedah, Firebrand, Arthur, Hulk all of these weird looking non traditional looking characters look great.Its mostly just human faces and a few things like Chun Lis shoulders and body proportions or Chris/Captain America necks. Iron Man looks sweet I wish they didnt show Starks face though, that didn't help the perception of an ugly game.So there are some poorly looking character faces and a few odd body proportions but people are overlooking the characters they did a good job on. The game has flaws in this area but it does not make or break the game. Its not as bad as the memes make it out to be.GRAPHICS/ARTSTYLE: 6/10This is a work in progress, I'll be adding more..."
76561198100439658,Recommended,493840,35089352,Posted: 20 September,all,Gerald_Tiger,"Marvel vs Capcom Infinite is not the best VS game in the saga, but is not as bad as some people said.The core mechanics are great and unique to the genre, similar to the first Marvel vs Capcom. The active switch allow a lot of creativity for tag team combos, and with the infinity stones throw into the mix it results in a very good mechanic. Also, that BS called ""one hit kill"" from MVC3 doesn't exist anymore thanks to this mechanic, so a lot of players that are not hardcore can enjoy the game too.The graphics are ok for a fighting game. Keep in mind that if you have amazing graphics in a fighting game the fighting flow has to be slow down, and this doesn't work in this game where the action is so fast. About this problem, I have some FPS drops occasionally, especially in the training area. I hope that they can patch this problem in the future.The roster lacks some fan favorites, like the X-men, but they will be added in the future for sure. It's not that I'm ok with these practices, but that's how the videogame industry has evolved and we cannot do much about it.Overall, is a good VS game with interesting mechanics. If you don't like the roster, you can wait and see if they add your favorite character in the future. I already have X and Hulk, so I'm alright.7/10"
76561198064493865,Recommended,493840,35175400,Posted: 24 September,all,Vivisi,Game is fast and fun.
,Recommended,493840,35149971,Posted: 23 September,all,LowTone,"Really great game. Easy to pick up and have some rediculous matches with friends at home but also an insane amount of depth and complexity that allows for constant discovery and new experiences.The game looks good, voice acting is good, the story mode is silly but fun with some nice references to both the Marvel and Capcom games that characters originate from. A couple of the characters look a little janky but the majority of the cast turned out well. I like the roster, but this is subjective so I get why others may not. Can't please everyone on that front. Music is a bit forgettable, but as with most games after hearing it for a bit I just put my own music on so no big deal.There's a fairly decent tutorial as well as combo missions for each character. Story, arcade, training and online modes.This is the most enjoyable fighting game I've played in a while, I'd absolutely recommend it to anyone on the fence about buying the game."
76561198100401559,Recommended,493840,35083552,Posted: 20 September,all,exia671,"After years of waiting for a new Marvel vs. Capcom game, I was pretty satisfied with the game so far. Just completed the story and it was pretty epic. Although I didn't like the way they modeled the faces, that didn't bother me too much. The gameplay is very different from UMvC3 and has a sort of MVC2 feel to it. Regardless, you'll have fun playing it with friends."
,Recommended,493840,35086503,Posted: 20 September,all,UnD34D,"Gameplay is really fun and intuitive.  Flows well and quickly.  Tag system is a nice switch from MvC3's 3 character teams.  Still experimenting with different stones, but flipping between Jedah and Dormammu, putting things on the screen and throwing out the reality stone is a lot of fun.  Online play so far has been near seamless.  Almost no lag.  Story is trash, bland and boring.  Voice acting ranges from great to unbelievably bad.  Graphics are pretty sub par and it's easy to tell characters were made by different artists.  The styles don't match up well and some characters actually look pretty good, while others look incredibly bad.  Overall though, you're here for the gameplay and the online, and both are some of the best in the business."
,Not Recommended,493840,35197057,Posted: 24 September,all,Gilthwixt,"I wanted to like this game. I didn't hop on the hate bandwagon despite initial problems (ugly character models, lackluster roster) because the most important aspect of a fighting game is how it feels to play. And from a game mechanics standpoint, the game is fine. Crazy combos, projectiles filling the screen, nearly impossible to block mixups - everything you'd expect from an MvC title.I played the game for 12 hours. The next day a Windows Update dropped and now I can't launch the game at all. I've tried everything, went step by step on the tech support thead for the game - updated drivers, added exclusions for the game to Windows Defender/AV software, completely disable Windows Defender/AV software, updated Microsoft Visual C++, doublecheck Unreal Engine's redistrbutable prereqs installed properly, doublecheck DirectX is installed propery, run Steam and both executables for the game as administrator, update Windows, roll back windows to the last day the game was playable, verify the integrity of the game cache, clean install the game...at this point I've spent more time trying to fix the game than I've actually spent playing it. It's been nearly a week and Capcom has yet to provide a fix for this issue despite plenty of people complaining about it on the forums. As things are now, until this issue is resolved, I can't recommend this game anymore, despite being one of the few people defending the design decisions leading up to release.TL;DR Capcom sucks"
76561198398698824,Recommended,493840,35096962,Posted: 20 September,all,Garbagemang2,GREAT FAN SERVICE FOR MEGAMAN X FANSI know a lot of you out there are hating on this game hard. But as a devoted fan of the megaman x series i feel this game was worth the money and i almost refunded it after about 15 mins of playtime ( it was running slow on my computer ) found a fix quick enough to make me enjoy the game within the first hour so by then i fully changed my mind on a refund. Love the new zero theme and loving that end boss as they did make nods to both megaman x and megaman x5. Very satisfied with my purchase I call this game MEGAMAN X/ZERO : THE FIGHTING GAME ( as I will most likely play as those two all the time). Last mention i did buy the base game at $79 but plan on buying dlc that only interests me like Sigma and Venom when he becomes available
76561198033583067,Recommended,493840,35085585,Posted: 20 September,all,Sj03,"meh music, meh graphics, incredible gameplay."
76561197963973496,Recommended,493840,35085719,Posted: 20 September,all,[GA] Doops,Got smashed by maximilian last night.10/10 would let maximilian smash again
,Recommended,493840,35167920,Posted: 23 September,all,Don Sauce,"While the roster is lacking a lot of interesting characters and Dante looks like a drug addict, the gameplay is fantastic and it really feels like a MvC game. Great possibilities for combos with the switch system and the return of the infinity gems (now called stones)If you're looking for a great fighting game then Marvel Vs Capcom Infinite is what you want, but you may want to wait until more characters are released if you just wanna play casual and enjoy variety."
,Recommended,493840,35196629,Posted: 24 September,all,Zeholipael,Spent all this time in training mode and still can't do flight loops
76561197972378047,Recommended,493840,35099910,Posted: 21 September,all,Phen,"This game has its issues but at the end of the day I think it's definitely a worthy purchase for anyone looking for a fast fighting game with a lot of depth.  Yes, it's graphics aren't the best among current fighting games and the single player is rather bare bones but if you have any interest in going online this game has great netcode and the gameplay is a blast with the amazing amount of freedom built into the tag system it really makes it something special."
76561197983361057,Recommended,493840,35249302,Posted: 27 September,all,muffinmagico,YEAH the GRAPHIX bla bla and the characters are lame I know but is MARVEL BABY! Hate to be this way but the game play is legit FUN! If you really really are in to fighting games you should buy it.It's like a guilty pleasure
76561198091689553,Recommended,493840,35093026,Posted: 20 September,all,Darth Nut,"This game is good, really good.Pros- Infinity stone and tag system is really fun and is already 10 times better than xfactor in every way- Every character is fun and interesting to play- Arcade and story mode- Multiple waves of DLC characters- AMAZING NETCODE (rollback)- Easy to learn hard to master combo system- All old characters play differently than previous games making everyone a newbie- Every character is viable so it doesnt matter who you playCons- Poor roster but multiple dlc waves brings promise- No window borderless along with poor resolution choices (only 2)- Story is♥♥♥♥♥- Voice acting is pretty bad for most characters- No ending for each character on arcade mode- Game sometimes crashes from alt tabbing out- Spencer is still in this game for some reason requested by no one- Poorly done faces on most charactersThis game is iffy, if you like marvel vs capcom and you enjoy fighting games buy this, its absolutely a blast and fun. It has amazing online play if youre hardwired and have decent internet, having a 5 bar is like having the player playing next to you on lan. People who say netcode is♥♥♥♥♥♥are probably on wifi at mcdonalds. The roster is bad but will be changed over time and added to but that being said the base roster is really fun, i hate ryu in every game but they made him fun in this game and interesting, along with opther dumb characters like arthur and ghost rider.The story is god awful but at least they put in the effort to putting one in the game which will use up around 2 hours of your time. The voice acting is beyond bad for most characters but isnt too noticible in game along with the terrible faces. When  the game is in motion it loooks fine, if you look at characxers up close its bound to be bad. Nemesis look ultra 4k but thyen you look like chris and it looks like he just walked out of early xbox 360 era.The game does have its gripes but it IS A GOOD GAME, ignore the butthurt Capcom haters, its worth your time, Its well made and fun in terms of gameplay where it actually counts but if youre not willing to drop 120 on it like i did or even 60, jsut wait till it goes on sale like most people on steam.Final Verdict: 8/10"
76561198342937642,Recommended,493840,35316369,Posted: 29 September,all,Rydian,"""the roster is mostly reused characters from the game before it"" and almost all of those characters are different from the game before it.""the game looks bad"" i thought people played games that were fun. the gameplay of this game is so fun to me that i don't even care about the graphics that much.""HAHA CASHCOM AINT GETTING MY MONEY FOR THIS GAME HAHA"" look, you do not have to buy the game if you don't want to, but, if you are thinking about getting this game i suggest you either buy it now if you want to get into it competitively but if you don't wan't to buy it now then buy it when the price tag is lower or like i said before, you could just not buy the game thats cool as well. but the game delivers one of the most important aspects that every game should have and that is FUN!if you like fighting games then i suggest you pick this game up, ive been playing for almost a full day total and i got this game 3-4 days ago. almost every character in this game is fun (its a marvel vs capcom game so of course there will be cheap♥♥♥♥♥♥).this review has been all over the ♥♥♥♥ing place. i apologize if you had a hard time reading but i truly believe that this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, and i don't wan't it to become like umvc3 where we get no patches. I Reccomend this game to anyone who likes playing fun games even if the graphics are a 6-7/10. but, if you don't want to buy this game now then you don't have to nobody is forcing you, do what you want with your money, but i believe that this game over the course of a couple of more months that it will be an amazing game."
76561198185398589,Recommended,493840,35193415,Posted: 24 September,all,Papper,"Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite is an educational fighting game for the Playstation 4, Xbox One, and Steam. It was made to teach you about important historical figures, such as King Arthur, Thor, and Frank West. For example, before playing this game I had no idea Thor was once a mindless neon pink cyborg under the command of both the infamous Power Ranger villain Ultron and his partner in crime, the Greek letter Sigma. And the story mode is an ASTONISHING retelling of the second world war! There were so many gritty details that you just won't find in the history books. I can't believe I hadn't heard of Dante ""From Devil May Cry"" the Great before, considering his role in the war! Definitely buy this if you thought you knew anything about WW2. It WILL prove you wrong!"
76561197973915383,Recommended,493840,35500881,Posted: 5 October,all,Harlock,"I love this game! The controls feel responsive (unlike SFV). I prefer the return to the MvC2 style controls over the MvC3 controls. Honestly, SFV I felt was a step back from USF4 and was super worried that Infinite would be way to dumbed down, but the knew system I definitely prefer over the 3 series."
76561197970929179,Recommended,493840,35165010,Posted: 23 September,all,Brjyndrrwuulf,Love it
76561198008596862,Recommended,493840,35248208,Posted: 27 September,all,CheloStracks,Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite = Reality Stone! Reality Stone! Reality Stone! Reality Stone! Reality Stone! Reality Stone! Reality Stone! Reality Stone! Reality Stone! Reality Stone!
76561198178283189,Recommended,493840,35390609,Posted: 1 October,all,DarkLuigi Games,"Epic game overall. It definitely has flaws compared to UMVC3 but still hella fun to play. Besides, the gameplay and the online netcode is almost flawless. But the Story mode, I have to give it like a 7/10.The game could be SO MUCH better if it had a bigger roster. Even the story mode would be better too if there were more characters.UMVC3 Is still better but this game is more balance. In UMVC3, get hit and you're basically dead yet still fun. MVC:I doesn't really have cheap♥♥♥♥♥♥besides the stones.UMVC3 > MVC:IAlso, Thanks alot Disney for basically downgrading the entire game."
,Recommended,493840,35249803,Posted: 27 September,all,CommodoreRom,"I bought this game mostly for nostalgia, because I miss the days of MVC2 at my Golfland arcade & on my Dreamcast.Been playing the game now for a few hours, and I get the criticism that others have mentioned.Here's my simple breakdown:Pros:- I actually think it's a beautiful looking game. Looks better than the UMVC3 art style in my opinion- I'm digging the mashup of Capcom and Marvel worlds (e.g. Xguard, AIMBRELLA, etc.)- I'm enjoying the return to 2 characters per player, which I think makes for more interesting gameplay/strategy. (UMVC3 was just a little crazy when it came to that kind of stuff and made tracking what's going on in the match a little crazy.)The Meh:- I'm still not sold ont he infinity stone system, but I'm playing with it more to see what combos are possible- Yes the menus are a little lame. But really, menus? C'mon guys.- Yes the music is a little bland too. I miss the jazz fusion they used to use like in MVC2.- Practice system should allow overlays of the character moves instead of having to go into the menus all the time, like Injustice didThe Cons:- No X-Men or other Fox owned IP (booo!). A Jim Lee era Cyclops, Cable, Colossus, Jean, or Rogue... man those would be awesome.- No 21:9 or ultrawide aspect supportOther comments:I'm waiting to see what other characters drop, but after ME:Andromeda, it's my personal policy never never to buy another season/deluxe edition pass until I see content come out that's worthy of that price tag, no matter who the developer. If you're on the fence about DLC, just sit and wait.I see a Capcom sale thru steam or Humble Bundle pretty regularly, so chances are you could save $10/15 in a few months.Just my $0.02.TL;DR: Bought game for nostalgia and love of Marvel/Capcom. Game is good. Might not be worthy of the $60 price tag, so maybe wait for it to come down in price."
,Recommended,493840,35253370,Posted: 27 September,all,Louman,"The best MvC gameplay, but certainly the worst presented. The roster though sparse plays diversely, but certainly small and bland compared to other MvC games. Worth it for the great gameplay and great online play despite its shortcomings."
76561197981568177,Recommended,493840,35123325,Posted: 22 September,all,cd,"Been a fan since 1995, was disapointed by mvc3 and lets not talk about sf5 or sfxt.Pros:-Best versus game since Xmen Vs Street Fighter.-A LOT of combo variety and possibilities from the constant tagging and stones-Awesome fights, always on edge-Comeback mechanic is very minor and takes effort (good riddance x-factor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t)Cons:-Low amount of characters and poor choices from the capcom side (compared to previous games, will be expanded by DLCs), but still more than most fighters at launch-Character models are not of equal quality, some are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ (ex: chris, cap america, dante) while some are sweet (ex: ultron, nova, c.marvel)-Awful single player experience, don't buy this for story mode for the love of your godIn-between (not bad or good, just different) :-More in-line with the ""movie"" universe than actual comics, as seen from the art trying to get a touch of realism-Almost no shadows, feels like they barely used any atmospheric lighting or volumetric fog, this is a big contrast from umvc3 where they had barely 6 colors per character (one of which was pure black shadows)Already played my money's worth at the time of this writing (29 hours) and will be playing this gemstone for quite some time.TLDR:-Must buy it if you like fighting games.-Wait for full DLCs release/complete edition during a sale if you are a cheapstake or if you just intend to play by yourself."
,Not Recommended,493840,35076217,Posted: 19 September,all,1nonly,"Please do not support Capcom and their laziness of this game. This game has a laundry list of problems that shouldn't happen for a major 2017 fighter.-50+gb file size for a hollow game-The art style is completely shot and doesn't have a comic feel-Playing this game in full screen causes lag even in the single player mode.-There are only 30 characters as opposed to the 50 that were on the previous title.-Online play isn't even playable.-Capcom can't keep doing this and be forgiven when fighters like Guilty Gear, KOF, and Injustice can give you a complete fighter with little to no technical issues."
76561197967855926,Recommended,493840,35075317,Posted: 19 September,all,Mecha,"Better than 3, but no where near as good as 2. Don't you dare think I didn't notice you got rid of Captain America's Final Justice move, Capcom. 7/10"
76561198049650803,Recommended,493840,35075741,Posted: 19 September,all,Gibbz,Gameplay 10/10.Everything else is ok.
,Recommended,493840,35076319,Posted: 19 September,all,OptimusPavlos1,"If you are not a fighting game entusiast you might not enjoy this game. As someone who plays a lot of them, I love it. It looks garbage, music can be rough and has a lackluster starting roster. However gameplay is extremely crisp, combos feel amazing. New mechanics makes discovering combos, resets, setups and thje likes very fun. Game modes are good and story mode is dumb but fun. Buy this only if you can look past the countless presentation problems. Recommended currently only for enthusiasts."
76561198045662173,Recommended,493840,35086631,Posted: 20 September,all,SILVERF0X13,"There are a lot of people reviewing with less than an hour of gameplay here either bashing it without trying it or praising it without even playing it, so I will try to give my honest opinion after a full story playthrough and a decent amount of training mode (I will say I haven't played online yet, though I hear overall the netcode is quite good)Visuals are pretty lackluster and roster feels fairly uninteresting for it being 30 characters to start off with.  Beyond those things though, if you are in it for gameplay, this game is definitely for you.  Lots of creativity in the combo system and the stones let you make up for any weaknesses that characters may have (arthur is slow, but can dash really far with time stone for instance).  As far as the story goes, I think I am going against the grain a bit, but I had a lot of fun with it.  It was boring for the section that was in the demo, and a lot of the lines ended up being cheesy, but overall I thought it was an interesting idea they went with and found myself wanting to keep going the whole time to see what would happen.Final verdict from me is 8/10.  I love the gameplay and enjoyed the story (still need to try online play), but the bad visuals and lacking roster pull it away from a perfect 10."
,Recommended,493840,35109665,Posted: 21 September,all,R03Li,Great game ! good gfx! works smooth on pc. Not a crappy console port.
,Recommended,493840,35135722,Posted: 22 September,all,Rarely Sober,"Good multiplayer, many people complain the characters/ui/sound is bad (to me not nearly as bad as people make it out to be). Story is short.The thing i buy games for is the multiplayer gameplay, as long as nothing gets in the way of a good multiplayer experience in my mind the game was a success. This game's netcode is good, and the gameplay is good and fun.if graphics or specific characters are your biggest concern this might not be a buy.If single player content is your main concern i would just remind you that this is a fighting game.This is probably a pass for a fan of the movies, a more casual fighting game player might want to pick it up for half price on sale, Someone who plays more regularly or is a fan of the series  i would say it is a buy."
76561198131757961,Recommended,493840,35082503,Posted: 20 September,all,soflok,"Ok, to start out this is my opinion:•Pros-A decent roster-Fun casually playing-good mechanics-multiple modes-a decent story- the graphic improvements(we all know what it looked like before)-plays great on my PC(I have the Alienware console)•Cons-the voice acting-music is Ok-lack of balance for infinity stones(reality is too much)-the way the announcer says X's name(he says ♥♥♥♥ing ""A S S"" ,no I'm not kidding, he literally says ""A S S"" every time I pick X, I don't know why but please someone explain what happened)-the lack of new characters to start with(we all know)-lack of X-men, I guess(I didn't care about them that much, I only really liked deadpool)-where the ♥♥♥♥ is Jon Talbain(seriously, you gave us Jedah but not Jon)•in between/middle ground-The DLC(some may consider it good, some bad, usually the latter)-the graphics(it's a hit or miss for some people, similar to Nindhogg 2)-the Controls/gameplay(it's what I consider a little too simple, there's no challenge when doing combos and if you get hit you may get locked in an attack loop that you sometimes can't escape)-the supers and ultimates(you can activate them at anytime with these simple controls, for example X's special armor only takes one bar, some mayconsider it good I think it's a bit unfair to let that happen at least 1 &1/2 bars or 2)-Jedah(the banquet of darkness is near unstoppable, if you fall on to it your ♥♥♥♥ed, if you anywhere on the ground your ♥♥♥♥ed if your getting hit a bit your ♥♥♥♥ed, I mean really they need to nerf that♥♥♥♥♥♥•VerdictMarvel vs Capcom: Infinite is a good game but there is a lack of challenge in a lot of it, if you want a fun game to play with a friend or online, it's for you. If your looking for a game with major competition this is a maybe(mostly yes kinda). To me, I like/love(somewhere in between) it. It's been fun for me to play and it's been great to play against my brother, as of right now I have to gotten to test the online play and I haven't gotten to start the story(I'm gonna stream it on YouTube on Thursday), so as of now I'm giving them fair judgement as decent, so in my opinion(as of right now) I can recommend this game to others, if you want this just buy it, you may like it(as a casual game) or at least give it a try, don't let other people's opinions control how you think about something(this game) so experience it for yourself."
,Not Recommended,493840,35400914,Posted: 1 October,all,Ya Boi,"Thought it was fun at first, played it for a little bit then thought I closed it and I ended up racking up hours. It quickly got boring and now after 12 attempts to refund the steam bots are denying my requests due to hours even though it's not that far off and I tried explaining myself."
,Recommended,493840,35076518,Posted: 19 September,all,FROYO battlekiller,"This game simply feels amazing. If you love fighting games, especially the previous MvC games, this one will not dissapoint in that regard. The new mechanics open up a whole world of combo possibilities. A lot of the characters are cleaned up from the games early trailers. Dante no longer looks like a crackhead. Chun Li no longer has eyebags the size of trash bags. It still looks like a PS3 game, but its good enough for me. Online is a huge improvement over past Capcom fighting games. The roster is easily still the weakest part of the game. Old characters have been given new moves, and that with the new mechanics dont make them feel too stale, but it still sucks.If you're looking for fanservice, pass on this one. If you're looking for a fantastic fighting game, pick it up for sure."
,Recommended,493840,35075021,Posted: 19 September,all,Stacko,"Look, this is an awesome game. Some of the characters don't look too hot, but a lot of them do too. If you play a fighting game for something like the story, or how it looks, you're doing it wrong.STORY:Let's be honest. If you're playing a fighting game for a story mode, you're probably not very bright. These are usually just quick bonus additions to the game. And for what's here, it's not horrible. The voice acting is pretty mediocre (Voice actors strike...), the excuses for fights is ridiculous as any other fighter story mode, and it's plot hole ridden. It's there though, and it's something to do. The cutscenes are awesome, except when it zooms in on some of the bad faces, it's entertaining, and sometimes pretty cool, particularly the Hulk/Ryu Monster Hunter scene. It's not the Citizen Kane of Fighting game stories, but what is??PRESENTATION:As mentioned before, some of the faces are horrible. They probably hired the same team that did the facial animations for Mass Effect Andromeda. Some of the non-human characters look pretty awesome (Ghost Rider, Dormammu, Firebrand, especially Jedah), and a lot of the special move/hyper combo animations are downright awesome. Doctor Strange's effects stood out to me in particular.GAMEPLAY:The Gameplay alone is why the majority of fighting game players play the games, and that is no exception here. This, to me, has the best gameplay in a MvC game since MVC2, wasn't huge into MVC3. It's fast paced, there's an insane amount of depth, and it's a blast even in training mode. This is the heart of the game, and it's incredible. The netcode for online matches is insanely good too, a HUGE bump over the previous installment.(For anyone lagging in Fullscreen mode, there's a tweak you can make to disable V-Sync. As with a lot of PC ports, they tend to forget some important things like that, which is an absolute pain.)I'd probably give this game a 10/10 if it was just gameplay alone, but combining the other aspects of the game, definitely would be a 7.5/10. I highly recommend this game to any fighting game fans out there."
76561198095907393,Recommended,493840,35078705,Posted: 19 September,all,NPC Name Jeffrey,"This game is alright. It doesnt look the ""coolest"" and the roster is a little short. That doesnt mean that the gameplay is bad. I honestly had more fun playing mvci than mvc3. Still doesnt beat mvc 2 though. *couch* steam..????"
76561198286642514,Not Recommended,493840,35097118,Posted: 20 September,all,SirWynn,this game is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is broken as hell and does not work at all
76561197989238546,Recommended,493840,35099189,Posted: 21 September,all,Clown Car,"Good game, like roster but needs many more people on it, Really wanted X-Men and FF but in any case excited for Black Panther been a fan since I was 9. Gameplay is fantabulous. Stone system is a tactical marvel. Online pretty good. Story mode cheesy but then again at least there is more gameplay on the front than normal. Good content, great gameplay, good tactics, recommend highly. If you are skeptical you should wait until some more patches and content comes out so the roster can be fleshed out more.4/5"
,Recommended,493840,35093946,Posted: 20 September,all,twitch.tv/monokerros,Having an awesome time and zero issues playing the game.  If you enjoy the marvel series you'll like the new tag mechanics alone with the throwback with the infinity stones(gems).  I just wish it was more polished visually outside of the gameplay.
,Recommended,493840,35078526,Posted: 19 September,all,{RE} ZhirkNation,Even though the game took for ever to be playable the game is great playing the story is amazing its great cant wait for the next DLCs
,Recommended,493840,35094294,Posted: 20 September,all,The Black Duck,"This game is a big switch gameplay wise from UMvC3, Charcter's still having the same moves/finishers is cool and i didn't expect new moves/weapons anyway. I did expect more charcters and more gameplay settings, the infinity stones hella throw me off man, but i get where capcom is coming from with making the game more tatical, I have nothing against it but was getting rid of 3v3 really worth it? Getting rid of X-MEN really worth it? I really hope this game bring us more playable charcters that is something i'd want, For the love of everything don't pull give us more stories to play through! Other than those minor problems this game is fun for the most part! Graphics are eh alright I don't see a change really so doesn't bug me. Gamne controls throw me without Simple and Normal but give was more gameplay options so thats cool. Do I recommend the game...? That's really a 50/50"
,Recommended,493840,35282299,Posted: 28 September,all,Black Ranger,Gets me hard at night and at school
,Recommended,493840,35094001,Posted: 20 September,all,EtreSerBe,"Here's the thing. The game has a lot of potential in the battle system. BUT for now I'm having this horrible FPS trouble for no reason. I'm playing on an Acer Predator with i7 and GTX1060, so this doesn't make sense to me. Please, tend to these problems, the roster is decent after you play it. PLEASE.**EDIT: Just exit ""fullscreen mode"", then it runs smoothly. Damn weird TBH.**EDIT 2: There are nice fixes in the Community section for this. Now it runs perfect fullscreen or not.If there's something I really don't like is the DLC content, I believe it should be more/better or whatever, as the price is not low. Plus, I hope you'll come back to the ""ugly"" graphics later, but please do it. After seeing what Capcom did with RE7, I still have (a bit of) faith in you guys.Finally, if the monster hunter character is not awesome, I'll change my review."
76561198055001223,Recommended,493840,35093985,Posted: 20 September,all,^^RAMBRO^^やくざ,This is my first MvC Titel and im really enjoy it
,Recommended,493840,35094379,Posted: 20 September,all,MiningForMac,"So I bought this game expecting to be really disappointed. However, I was pleasently surprised. I'll be blunt about it. The graphics are poor, the voice acting is cringe-worthy, and the music is uninspired. The roster is SUPER lackluster and the game is hiding away 6 new characters behind DLC that should've been in the package. HOWEVER, the gameplay itself so satisfying that it makes up for it in my opinion. I really wanted to hate this game, but I can't. I hate the graphics, the music, the story, the roster, but the mechanics and core gameplay are so fun, free, and solid that I can't help but say that I'm pretty happy with this purchase so far. I actually like this tag-in 2v2 more than UMVC3's assist-based 3v3."
,Recommended,493840,35485121,Posted: 4 October,all,The Shoto,"Gameplay is incredible. Graphics not so much. However, I go in for fun not for looks. The story mode was subpar, but the real fun is in the multiplayer"
,Recommended,493840,35114231,Posted: 21 September,all,avenchuk,"Had absolutely no expectations considering Street Fighter V, but this game is absolutely amazing."
,Recommended,493840,35406109,Posted: 1 October,all,kalefun,Game is fun. Network is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes. characters like chun li skip frames and are extra annoying. The number 1 most annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥ever though is defs the reality stone. The number of times I hear that♥♥♥♥♥♥get pressed is ♥♥♥♥ing annoying as ♥♥♥♥. Hope it gets patched or this game is gonna stay ♥♥♥♥♥♥ forever. honestly i would have prefered the game without any of the stones and bring x factor back
,Recommended,493840,35425789,Posted: 2 October,all,n00btoucher,It's Mahvel baybee!
76561198045211862,Recommended,493840,35252125,Posted: 27 September,all,Blyat Man,100% pretty good
76561198005015735,Recommended,493840,35252467,Posted: 27 September,all,Deutsch Schäfer,"Really? No one is talking about SPENCER'S FACE On the character select screen?!My god! Thats just WTFFFFFFFFFF?I would recommend it only because i ♥♥♥♥ing love the series and i enjoy playing it.I mean, the combo system and the online/offline gameplay excels!Graphics, sound, models, etc. all that its really bad. All except gameplay is REALLY REALLY bad.The point here is: Why are they selling the game with such a poor rooster and dlc characters already announced?How is this possible? I bet most of the DLC chars are done and could have been included in the full game.Its a shame they decided to cut some content of the game and sell it like ""complete"" and add the rest as dlc.Shame on you marvel/capcom, whoever took that decision.-- BUY ONLY IF YOU LIKE BUYING OVERPRICED GAMES --"
,Recommended,493840,35075926,Posted: 19 September,all,Gadacker,Everyone is ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the graphics and how capcom failed us BLAH BLAH BLAH.Let me give it to you straight. Do you like MvC games?Then BUY IT. The gameplay is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing holy♥♥♥♥♥♥Characters roster is lackluster but if you do not mind buying dlc then it could get better later on. If money is not a problem and you want a fighting game buy it. Graphics is♥♥♥♥♥but the end of the day why do you play games? For gameplay and this game is fun. Hope to see yall online
76561198041157977,Not Recommended,493840,35072654,Posted: 19 September,all,El Macho Libro,This is a game that I wanted to be fun.  It is currently unplayable meaning not fun if you are looking to buy this currently don't.
76561197970710181,Not Recommended,493840,35094477,Posted: 20 September,all,themollusk45,Loading times remind me of a ps1 game.  ie too ♥♥♥♥ing long
76561198007266517,Not Recommended,493840,35088600,Posted: 20 September,all,Shoop Da Whoop,"Not worth the money for this unfinished game, terrible voice actors, terrible graphic art design of characters, terrible roster nox-men/Deadpool/T.Bonne/Wesker/PhoenixWright/Dr.Doom/Akuma"
,Recommended,493840,35092109,Posted: 20 September,all,Robot with a Human Face,Yes This game would grow on you in a good way!!Aside from the lack of graphics and roster this game is awesome
76561198087682344,Recommended,493840,35084295,Posted: 20 September,all,3PI3C3,"I was the guy who criticized this game to high-Heaven and was content to just lay low until DBFZ arrived.Lo and behold, I bought the game. Lo and behold, I played the game.It's actually REALLY good. It can be an eyesore at times, mind you, and the Capcom of today STILL seems to be ran by asshats......However, MECHANICALLY it's superb (especially the new tag system), so at least they got their heads out of their asses in that department.If you're interested in this game, don't let the meme of blindly hating modern-day Capcom deter you. Although they are more-than-worthy of their share of criticism, they've created a damn good fighting game."
76561198383359595,Recommended,493840,35153427,Posted: 23 September,all,Rich,"I honestly found the game easier than ultimate 3, the roster is great, and i think ghost rider and morrigan have something going on in the story mode..."
,Recommended,493840,35077294,Posted: 19 September,all,Dr. Vory,"Took 4 hours to complete story mode. I was literally sucked into what the story had to offer. The fight with the Hulk took a few tries but possible to get past it. The story makes you play every character on the roster excluding the DLC characters. You get a chance to learn every character's move set and understand what each Infinite stone does. Beautiful Graphics and Beautifully fluid gameplay also No holes in the story at all. Giving this a 9.5 out of 10 due to the Hulk Difficulty. People are complaining that the game is glitchy and laggy, it ran smooth as butter for me. Capcom spared no expense on detailing this game. They made a damn good choice with going with the unreal 4 engine. People are also complaining about the controls there's absolutely nothing wrong with the controls it's all user error in either playing it good or playing it like garbage. Most people haven't even played it an hour and already giving a bad review on this game chances are these people sat there with the game on pause and only played it for a few minutes. Then you have your run-of-the-mill Capcom haters which are going to give a bad review no matter what Capcom does. What I ask for anybody reading this is to not follow reviews like a pack of sheeple. Get out there and experience this for yourself and everything else in general I don't take stock in what somebody else likes, take stock in what you like and what you want to do. And you don't even have to take stock in this review, but these are my two cents on the game and the situation surrounding it in general. Don't let these bad reviewers drag you down and ruin the experience for you and potentially ruin something that you might like that you have no idea that you like or hate yet. Hope you all have a wonderful day or night and thank you for reading."
,Recommended,493840,35115788,Posted: 21 September,all,(smirk),its not pretty but its really fun to play
,Not Recommended,493840,35219806,Posted: 26 September,all,Cori,I wish I knew how to get a refund.
76561197970419666,Recommended,493840,35086879,Posted: 20 September,all,Cyberdwarf,"No other fighting game allows the same degree of freedom and creativity as Marvel, and Marvel Infinite's tag mechanics ( player can tag in their partner at any time, making any move that is tag-cancelled the equivalent of an assist) allow players to create more of their own combos, setups, and creative neutral patterns (""tech"") than any previous game in the series. The system is free-form and characters have so many options that experimenting with things that you think should work frequently does; developing your own style and tech is easy to dip into and extremely deep. Nothing beats applying it to real gameplay situations to counter a technique that defeated you before.Many of the problems that hampered competitive Marvel vs Capcom in the past have been fixed and skill in neutral is emphasized over set-play, which plays to the series strengths. This game is a blast to play.Despite somewhat lackluster 3D models that inspired many sardonic meme-based negative steam reviews, Marvel Infinite is a new high water mark for the series and for 2D fighting games in general."
,Recommended,493840,35103343,Posted: 21 September,all,rakesh.dhanda2,I like that it is 2vs2 again
,Recommended,493840,35188781,Posted: 24 September,all,flarebear,"Considering all the feedback this game got before and shortly following its release, I did not expect to enjoy it this much. And being a sequel to a game like UMVC3, it has to be really fun if I enjoy it so much I don't mind it being gone. If you can get past the artstyle/VAs, the only real problem to me is the roster. Everything else is 10/10."
76561198220197852,Recommended,493840,35108970,Posted: 21 September,all,sunnidae23,"Pros:Gameplay is solid and fast pacedNetplay is virtually lag freeallows for creative setups and combosunlike SF5 my controller works on game on launchCons:Game is as ugly as sinRoster is worst in VS historyfirst loading screen is awful for some reasonWhile I really enjoyed playing the game I can't help but complain about the awful roster. 24/30 characters are resued 3-D models from UMVC3 and the roster feels empty compare to the other entries. This is the lowest amount of new characters in the series and the interesting characters (not black widow) are DLC. If you are in it for the gameplay I can reccomend this game, but if you are in it for the characters, wait until all the DLC comes out"
76561198127232453,Recommended,493840,35094100,Posted: 20 September,all,TheArtyD,"When I picked this up I fully expected to refund it after a couple hours. Turns out it's actually pretty good. The story mode may be somewhat lackluster but it has a few good moments and is more than just barebones. The gameplay feels very satisfying and the infinity stone mechanic adds a surprising amount of depth to the game, playing the same character with a different stone can really change your strategy. The online is also really smooth, a three bar connection still feels great.Most peoples biggest complaint is the roster which is full of returning characters and is noticibly lacking X-men and Fantastic Four characters.  While playing the game you can definitely feel the ""these characters are just functions"" mentality, which ends up being not so bad when the functions are fun.I'm going to compare Infinite to Injustice 2 because that's the fighting game I've been playing the most recently. Injustice 2 is oozong with character. Fighters have unique dialogue for each other pre-fight and cosmetic gear you can unlock by playing the game to customize each fighters look endlessly. This is all on top of a solid fighting game. Infinite has none of this, but if you took the branding away from both games I would say that infinite is by far the superior game. Of all the fighting games out now Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite may be the one I keep coming back to."
76561197962599660,Recommended,493840,35493107,Posted: 5 October,all,Lt Cmdr Dota,+
76561198029129568,Recommended,493840,35238912,Posted: 27 September,all,din,"The story mode is lack lusterThe roster is god awful, for the most partThe new characters being locked behind DLC is sickeningAnd the graphics look kinda awful, with the artstyle being not consistent.But despite that, this game unironically feels like the best fighter I've played in a longtime, in terms of pure gameplay. I'd say that this game is the 3rd strike of marvel games, right now. Of course it's early, but if you're a fan of the vs series, and have played them in the past this game is at least worth picking up, if not at full price during a sale."
76561198012200985,Recommended,493840,35403017,Posted: 1 October,all,Macumazahn,"I like the game way better than I thought I would. I thought the netcode would suck♥♥♥♥♥because Capcom literally never mentioned it during any of their marketing. Who would have thought it would be their best attempt at netcode practically ever? The gameplay is great. The graphics don't look that bad to me in general, except for Ryu, who looks like a bent over 80 year old man. I can't comment on the story mode because I have never watched a story mode in any fighting game ever."
76561198068591253,Recommended,493840,35090652,Posted: 20 September,all,GreenJudgement,"While Marvel Vs Capcom Infinite surely does not innovate graphically, or roster or content wise on the fighting game genre, its gameplay is a whole new beast that leaves the mind to wander the endless possibilities. Versus might be daunting for beginners, and the single player content will not keep them satisfied, but for hardcore fighting games fans, its a definite recommendation."
,Recommended,493840,35423291,Posted: 2 October,all,bong rip,"the game is alright. I hate the way it looks but love the way it feels. learning characters is pretty fun and combos are even more fun to master. online feels great and the matches are pretty good, aside from the ""auto combo"" feature, where you just mash LP and get combos, you can see the people who take the time to learn the game vs the people who don't.if you like fast fighting games, this is fun! its an ugly one though. i give it a meh out of 10"
76561198113706707,Recommended,493840,35436281,Posted: 2 October,all,BIG ZAM,"I dont get a lot fo the criticism honestly. the game could definitly be polished more, between lag and what not, but thats jsut capcom, they tend to drop the ball alot.Ive only played about 9~ hours because I was wating for the DLC before I really get into it, but what I've played has been a lot of fun. the fighitng gameplay is quite fluid, and comboing/chaining attacks togethr is a lot of fun, especially with the tag system, where you can switch characters during attacks to make combos easier. Im no game critic, and certainly haven't written many reviews, but I feel compelled to write this one. The infinity stones also add depth to the fight, because each one has 2 unique abilities, a usable infinity burst, and a super infinity storm. the burst is a quick, usuable attack, the time stone dashes, the reality stone fires a slwo projectile, soul fires a long reaching attack that syphons a little health if not blocked, etc. and the storm is a powerful ability varying form stone to stone, reality causes element attacks to erupt fomr around the screen, and soul can revive a dead teammate. If you like MvC 3 youll like infinite, and if you didnt play 3, I still recommend it as a fighting game."
,Recommended,493840,35073695,Posted: 19 September,all,Mr. Nice Guy: Bom de Briga,"I will recomend this, even with Capcom do not deserving any of it. But Marvel Vs Capcom Infinite is simply amazing on its gameplay. I'm a huge fan of the series since I'm a kid, and this is the best MvC since 2(in gameplay aspects), in my opinion.The big problem with this game is: It lacks personality on every way you can imagine.-Its presentation is above terrible. Its UI is so much worse than the worst MUGEN game you can find out there. What am I saying... It's worse than the default MUGEN engine sample UI with the Kung Fu Man and all. I could do a better UI in a day of work and I'm not even a designer. It's just that this UI is really terrible. Character Select and the main menus are the worst things by far, seconded by the Versus screen. It really looks like a bad mobile game.The graphics are also not that good. But I have to admit that, at least on PC, it looks kind of beautiful. Could be better, but they're acceptable, in the end.-The music are horrible. I mean, Capcom Characters' music are great. They still have all that characteristics from the past, but with new arrange. But Marvel Characters' music are pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's like very low budget versions of it's cinematic counterparts. Iron Man's theme, for instance, looks a lot like his theme from Iron Man 3 movie, but in a pretty bad execution. And you can say goodbye to classic and sick MvC themes like Captain America's. Yeah, you read right. It's all gone. You also can say goodbye for ""Take you for a Ride"" like songs in Character select and other menus. 90% of the music of this game is generic♥♥♥♥♥♥-The roster is all recycled. They didn't even try to hide this. Most of the Characters are directly taken from MvC3. Same models, same designs, same moves... There are a few exceptions, like Iron Man(from the old ones), that has a different playstyle, and all new characters(like Gamorra, Jedah, etc). But in general, it's all the same. And not only that, but Capcom even choose to recycle bad characters that no one wanted, like Spencer, Fireband and Frank West. They basicaly did that to sell new characters on DLC. Bad move for us, consumers. Great move for them, Capcom, because will force everyone to buy the characters that will make this game the true sequel we all wanted.All of this is a shame, because, like I said in the beginning of this review, the gameplay is amazing and fun as ♥♥♥♥. If at least 70% of the problems above could be adressed or were non existent in the first place, this game would be getting at least 9.0s out of 10 all around, because on the gameplay aspect, is one of the best fighting games right now. And that's why I'm forced to give this a positive review."
,Recommended,493840,35076991,Posted: 19 September,all,spinach chin,"Almost every negative review compliments the gameplay, netcode, and depth."
76561198053030394,Recommended,493840,35071961,Posted: 19 September,all,Tiradash,"A fighting game with an open combat system which makes it a joy to discover new strategies in training mode and put them to use against other players. The netcode and matchmaking speed are also great, so there is nothing holding you back to fight other players."
76561198075969948,Recommended,493840,35072400,Posted: 19 September,all,Aerobic Ed,I really enjoy this game good controls alot and alot of fun. the story is amazing so bad its good just enjoy it.
76561198041527939,Recommended,493840,35079949,Posted: 20 September,all,dxpiranha18,"Friggin' badazz.. You can easily spend about 20 hours or more just learning a character. The selection of characters is really good, and I'm confident that this one will pick up steam as time goes on. If I were gonna give it a rating, it'd be a 9.3 out of 10. The game is well balanced, I just think that its right on the verge of being perfect. Well on its way, I'm sure of that. Huge improvement over UMVC3."
,Recommended,493840,35073018,Posted: 19 September,all,Super1upMan,Do not let the look of some of the characters prevent you from playing one of the most fun fighting games to date. The game is incredibly fun and thankfully the netcode is good this time around. Any fans of Marvel vs. Capcom games should definitely pick this game up.
76561198057681599,Recommended,493840,35073694,Posted: 19 September,all,jetfandam22,"Gameplay is superb, Arcade mode is alot of fun, good Netcode and creative situations thanks to the infinity stones make this game a recommendation. Only negative is the wonky v sync. The game has obvious problems (UI/artstyle) but gameplay-wise this a really good fighting game."
76561198013342714,Recommended,493840,35073520,Posted: 19 September,all,Robojangles,real swell time
76561197996379192,Recommended,493840,35076808,Posted: 19 September,all,Spyridon,"Been playing it since early release on the PS4... yeah the roster might not be all that yet (I'm sure that will be changed with DLC) but the gameplay is AMAZING...A lot of the things you were told (such as auto combos) were reported falsely, and some things even that reviewers said (Gamesradar?) indicate that the reviewer did not even understand the basic controls of the game. Regarding the auto combo worries... it was FALSELY reported that ""auto combos will combo in to super""... not true. Auto combos are a basic 3 hit launcher, in to 3 hit spike to ground. That's it. They do an average of 2000 damage. A simple manual combo of lp lk hp hk launcher lp lk hp hk - basically the exact controls as a common MvC3 manual combo (minus launchers using the MvC2 hotkey of down + hp) -and it will do an average of 3000 damage. The auto combos do NOT link a special at the end. The auto combos do NOT do a super at the end. They will not affect even intermediate players - only the newest of the new.The mechanics themselves resemble MvC2 more than MvC3 (which is why you see many of the old school MvC2 tournament players returning already on last weekends streams). For example, the air combo system. You can cancel an air normal in to an air command normal, cancel in to a dash, in to another normal, in to another command normal, MvC2 style.The story mode is not as good as Injustice 2's with theiir huge production quality, but it's not as bad as SF5 or T7's. It has things missing from SF5 (including arcade mode, trials at release, 4 simulatenous games in 1 lobby, and even online training mode). It launched with chars than SF5. Capcom actually delivered a decent package this time, for sure a more solid package than T7.Some people complain about graphics, seeing both this and SF5 play next to each other, MvCI without a doubt looks better than SF5, so I will not complain about graphics.Again, roster issues might be a legitimate complaint if you are not a fan of the current MCU focus. But if you loved classic Vs games, or the Marvel series in general, you would be letting yourself down if you did not at least try the game and spend some time in training/vs mode and see how the game actually feels.TLDR:If people complain about things outside of gameplay that's fine, but DO NOT BELIEVE any complaints about the gameplay itself. Capcom definitely delivered  on gameplay this time. It is NOT simplified like SF5, and the skill cap was for sure not lowered... in all likeliness it is even higher due to new mechanics. You will be able to invent & use tech in so many ways that were never possible before."
,Recommended,493840,35086819,Posted: 20 September,all,Disciple Toki,As a fan of the series since the get go I can say this installment is fantastic. I do not understand the negative reviews at all. I mean if your sole issue is the lack of X-Men I recommend you be patient as there will be plenty of characters added in DLC. I give Marvel VS. Capcom: Infinite 6 out of 5 stars.
,Recommended,493840,35116003,Posted: 21 September,all,UgnyWugny 👌,"Game is FUN, gameplay is CRISP, CLEAN, GOOD, ALMOST LIMITLESS.Graphics are fine, they can be approved in a lot of places.Netcode is GREAT.8/10 only downfall is graphics, it is a fighting game afterall."
,Recommended,493840,35128455,Posted: 22 September,all,starz,"If you looking for a great high-speed 2D Fighting game and okay with some anime♥♥♥♥♥♥go Guilty Gear Rev2This game presentation is bad and one of the worst roster in Fighting Game, but the gamplay is Marvel as it best. It's fun to play and the new mechanic of the game is really good and work really well.I couldn't say I recommend the game but if you like high speed FG, don't like Air-Dasher, like old MvC game etc. Yeah it's worth pick it up,but if you're here for the character or casual player that don't like to even ♥♥♥♥ing practice just skip it.The single player content is not worth it. (Yes i want to triggered ppl)"
76561198075366631,Recommended,493840,35075063,Posted: 19 September,all,Meseeks and Destroy,"Since 2011, men have asked themselves a quintessential question about the nature of the universe. One of the most eternal questions ever has been shouted at the sky, into Twitch chat, and on steam.When's Mahvel?Ladies and gentlemen, the wait is over. Mahvel is now."
76561197968354741,Recommended,493840,35075277,Posted: 19 September,all,B Rabbit,"People who aren't even fans of fighting games should pick this up.I was a huge fan of MvC2 and was let down by the control scheme of 3.  This takes it back.  This also reminds me of Killer Instinct where you don't have to be a pro to do big awesome combos but with that said I can't even imagine the the depth to mastering this game but you can tell it's there.  I almost wanna master it.  Between this, Tekken 7 and assuming Injustice 2, still waiting on a PC release but it's coming, this has been a Stellar year for the fighter genre."
76561198049383848,Recommended,493840,35098976,Posted: 20 September,all,tunoob,waaaaaaaaaaayyy better than umvc3. games not ez to pick up but its worth it if you love fighting games
76561198022601383,Recommended,493840,35075181,Posted: 19 September,all,josedeine,this a 8 for me because of the same rehash character. i know alot of people are critisizing the graphic but you guys are wrong play this game in 4k hdr this game is freaking gorgeous make sure you put windwow in hdr best looking fighting game right know
,Recommended,493840,35117284,Posted: 21 September,all,sexy bone butter™,it plays like butterbut it looks like it too
,Recommended,493840,35112374,Posted: 21 September,all,status7628,I like the game it's what you would expect
,Recommended,493840,35177878,Posted: 24 September,all,Redchaos123,beat it in 4 hours wooo im so sleepy
76561197988429734,Recommended,493840,35081693,Posted: 20 September,all,bobslia,For Marvel and Capcom Fans a very funny game
76561198049503654,Recommended,493840,35076540,Posted: 19 September,all,Garlan,"Very nice game, very fun and you can really give space to your creativity. Visuals aren't 10/10, but the gameplay is godlike."
76561198088896874,Recommended,493840,35431145,Posted: 2 October,all,Thunderkleez,"This game is a butter face for sure. To be honest I'm really hoping for the modders to work some miracles on this game. If you can get past the looks of this game you'll be rewarded with the ablsolute best, most addictive VS style gameplay to date."
,Recommended,493840,35431498,Posted: 2 October,all,MINI,"Let's get the cons out of the way first:Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite deserves the criticism it has gotten since it's announcement. The character roster is lackluster in quantity (but high in quality in terms of how the characters play), the music score is mediocre at best and the visuals lack personality on some of the backgrounds as well as some of the character models, along only being 2v2.But what Marvel vs. Capcom: Infinite offers is the best versus gameplay in the franchise to date as soon as you get over the new button layout and execution in comparison to previous titles.Don't play it for the story, play it for the competetion locally and online.The story is like a fanfiction put together in two hours, but not something to purchase the game for. There is a short arcade mode as well, along the option to practise with a friend in online training room sessions with unlimited life and much more.The game is going to be treated like a platform with more characters coming down the line, but the base game as mentioned before, lack characters in quantity compared to previous titles.The pros however makes up for the cons:- Room for a lot of creativity in the combo system- The infinity stones mechanic offer the players choices to aid their team with orb projectiles, dashing through the enemy, pulling them in close etc. to compliment their own play style for either rushdown, keepaway or grabling along with a unique comeback factor offered by each stone that can be activated when enough meter is gained in the match- The online feels like offline gameplay, silky smooth most of the time- Every single character offers something that feels unique and they are all satisfying to play- You are no longer forced to choose your characters based on their assists and super moves thanks to the new tag system that allows more creativity and  longer extension of combos- The combos are no longer single player-watch your-character-die combos, if you have two super meters, you can tag in your partner and take control of them to free your character that is being combo'd by your opponent- The assist mechanic is removed in favor of tagging in your partner while doing a special move (or whenever you desire), so basically all your special moves can be used as an assist and pressure tool for setups and mix-upsIf you are a fan of previous Marvel vs. Capcom games, you owe it to yourself to at least try the game before giving your final verdict and write it off as unworthy of your time.It only took a couple of hours to completely win me over after my skepticism and low expectation towards the game.And with music mods already available, one of my personal biggest gripes is already fixed.Give this fighter the chance it deserves."
76561198039072150,Recommended,493840,35190866,Posted: 24 September,all,Bandal,"the gameplay its super fun and addictive i think that is the stronger aspect of the game and should be the main focus of it, never had issues with online matches, but if i have to point some negatives of the game they should be the graphics style and the story mode that has no place at all in the game, you can literally buy the game and never touch the story mode and you would be missing nothing much, the models seem lackluster, its one of those cases where you see it from afar and looks good, but as you get closer you begin to see all the flaws, if you are of those that play fighting games for the story and the looks of the game you will be disappointed, but if you can look past that you will find a very fun and and entertaining game, i would really recommend to others as it is a really simple to learn."
,Recommended,493840,35090497,Posted: 20 September,all,Stromboli.Eater.2004,"People payed 60 dollars only to give this game a negative review because it's popular to talk trash about it and that really annoys me so im gonna give my own review.Aesthetics: The graphics and voice acting are absolutely subpar and I will not defend them but they are nowhere near as bad as everyone would lead you to believe.Online: It takes around 30-60 seconds from starting the game to playing against another person and once in the game there is no/minimal stuttering. I guess the Online is subjective based on internet speed/connectivity but any Online problems that I had with other fighting games are not here.Gameplay: Chaotic and fast paced. There was a lot of talk about the autocombo's ruining the ""competitive integrity"" but they literally do nothing to the game. This game is not geared toward a casual audience.Misc: Yea the roster sucks.Verdict: Game is fun, Online/Netcode is good, Graphics and Voice acting are mediocre. You can wait for a sale if you want but at least give it a real try before writing it off."
76561198086853638,Recommended,493840,35071546,Posted: 19 September,all,Kokichi Oma,"So I am going to preface this by saying that a lot of the negative reviews are from people that either did not do research in how they plan on adding characters to the game later on as dlc and people that are directly comparing this game to Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3. I don't usually do detailed reviews but I will try to break this down as much as possible.Story ModePersonally I liked the addition of a story mode to the game it gives more depth and opportunity to just play a lot of different characters through a pretty interesting plot. Although I am not done with it yet I have to say that so far I am enjoying the story they have going but the 1v1 fights that happen sometimes in the story feel really out of place as the entire base for this game is a tag mode fight but I can understand of how forcing characters to walk around in duos might hurt the story a bit.Also as far as dialogue goes the lines and interactions do sometimes feel forced but I understand that combining all of these series together could lead to some clunky dialogue because for the most of it all of the characters try interacting with one another. All in all I would give story a 6/10 because even though the story so far is appealing you don't get to experience all aspects of games mechanics in all fights. If you were considering getting this game purely for story then just don't get it.GameplaySo starting off this game is significantly easier to combo in than Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3 but again I don't find this a problem as its just a way of making sure everyone can experience some exciting gameplay and not need to spend an insane amount of time practicing. Don't listen to the exaggerations, if you are a button masher you will play like one and if you are lucky you might find some small combos but nobody is doing full 30 hit combos mixed with supers by just spamming buttons.Only read this if you want to hear my rant about the first button mash game I played as an example.I played my first game on this as two characters I was extremely unfamiliar with (Zero and Gamora) and button mashed to test out what people were saying. I won the match but it was extremely close, I did not use any soul stone abilities but I did use my supers only in combo (or what I thought was a combo) and the highest combo I got which was only at one point was 8 hits. The battlle was as clunky as any of you can guess I was completely clueless on Gamora and probably shot the ground 4x more than I hit the guy I versed (Chris and Frank West). We were both doing pretty bad and the fight revolved around a few stray hits and short combos. He actually used his stones and supers though, even countered supers that I whiffed.Next on to game mechanics. My first assumption when I found out they shortened the battles from 3v3 to 2v2 was that the game would feel a lot less hectic (which was a downside to me) and that it would be lacking the crazy stuff I used to see in UMVC3. I was relieved to find out I was wrong and that the game still has some crazy stuff just through other mechanics.One of the cool new mechanics that I am loving in this game is the infinity stones. They bring so much diversity to gameplay as some characters like hulk combo well with power stone while other players might prefer a strategy like using soul stone to revive a dead teammate or time stone for insane combo potential. I love this mechanic much more than X factor which I found to just be an unfair and anti-fun mechanic all around. There was nothing fun about a straight comeback mechanic that could just faceroll an entire team. Soul stones add new options to gameplay which are persistent through the Infinity surges and peak at infinity storms where things can really just go ballistic.I give gameplay an overall 10/10 so far as character combos are extremely satisfying and the mechanics they brought into the game are not only extremely fun but can keep players that really get into this game busy for a while.GraphicsSome people can argue that UMVC3 looked better than the characters do in this. I personally did like the original style but this one isn't exactly bad. They updated the characters to give them more detailed cinematic looks because these characters were being featured in cutscenes for the campaign therefore they needed a look in game that resembled this. Arguably it could have been done better because as a result we got a Chun Li hit with the ugly bug and a Dante that needs some sleep but they did announce that they planned on fixing it for release and that it was a known problem. That being said the graphics still look pretty amazing it is just a different style for this series. All of this being said when you play enough fight games sometimes graphics aren't the only thing to focus on. An example of a fight game that doesn't look the best but it still a lot of fun would be king of fighters. I thorughly enjoyed that game not because of graphics but because the gameplay was just so much fun that I could not get over it. My point is MVCI may not look perfect to everyone but it still has great graphics and the gameplay is definitely 10/10 for everything it has to offer. I would not avoid getting this game just because some people don't like how it looks.Small FlawsThe only real fault I can give this game is that if you are going to get it you might as well get it for console if you have the option. The netcode was good and I think this was a pretty good port despite the circle jerk of negativity and ""CONSOLE PORT TERRIBLE NETCODE"". That being said only dedicated players will still be playing this game in a few months which is a bummer but its how games like this go. I can hope this game will be one that stays around for a while because there is something special about the gameplay that I am liking but pc fighting games tend to not last as long because of the pure amount of options every pc player has. The console playerbase will definitely last longer but if your going to be a dedicated player to pc then that is your choice. I hope to still be playing this in a few months and I hope many of you will too.If you are buying this game exclusively for ghost rider then I am justt going to warn you to look up Ghost Rider's T3 super. I don't know why they did it but it is the single most awkward super in the entire game. It is the one thing I hope they change as it is just terrible. For those wondering what the fix could be: maybe pull the animation into his stare like they did before? It was so much better. /rant"
,Recommended,493840,35069773,Posted: 19 September,all,Apex Funplayer,"72 minutes in, and I haven't even scratched the surface.Online mode, very solid. First thing I did was go online and start mashing. The online is either some sort of super modern delay based, where I couldn't feel ANY delay, or a rollback style with incredible adaptations built into it.The MOST startling thing I noticed, was zero lag. There was absolutely no frame dips on high settings. The game runs silky smooth.Directinput support, with keyboard rebinding. Mouse support for menus.The single player content is at least a good 30-50 hours of content on its own. Missions, story, unlockables, etc.I didn't even find a solid BnB yet. Been playing fighting games for nearly 20 years, and I don't have a BnB in 72 minutes. I find BnB in anime games sooner than that. I can't even comprehend how to incorporate the stones currently.Game is worth it."
,Recommended,493840,35069575,Posted: 19 September,all,Superior Samuels,"I wouldn't buy it now, but it has potential.PROS-Combat is insanely fun with great mid-air combat.-Character switching is fluent and great to combo with moves.-The new infinity stone mechanic is well implemented.-Guardians of the Galaxy are well used and are fun to play (esp Rocket).CONS-Long loading screens in story mode.-Voice acting is great but is horrible in parts, Spider-Man seems uninterested in his lines compared to MvC3.-Colour pallets for a few characters are recolours, nothing new unlike MvC 3.-Long wait time for online games.Like I said, wait a few months for the game to develop and iron out it's bugs and it'll be fine. But dont pay £40 for it like I did."
,Recommended,493840,35070247,Posted: 19 September,all,🦇SpookyPhoenix🦇,"Marvel vs Capcom Infinite has had it's ups and downs since it's announcement and while I was definately worried that one of my beloved fighting games series' might have fallen fowl, after playing for a couple of hours I'm relieved to say that the game came out better than what most were expecting.While the Story Mode is weak and has questionable animation, and the OST can be a little hit and miss, the game has come out looking really nice when in motion and the controls, while different to UMVC3, still flow well together. Many of the characters have come out looking fantastic, with only a couple, such as Dante looking a little strange.In terms of online play, the game feels great. Unlike SFV this game uses Rollback, meaning that a majority of the matches you'll play will be fantastic, with only a little stuttering in a few if you or your opponent are doing something else that would use up a large amount of bandwidth, such as watching streams etc. The game also has great systems to get you into other matches as quickly as possible meaning that you're constantly in a game and not staring a menus.My only complaint is of course the roster, which is to be expected by now. While a lot of my characters that I enjoyed playing in U3 are back, and some have been made more streamlined to play, such as Zero and Dr Strange, I can't say the same for everyone. I can only hope that in the coming years they start to introduce the older characters from the Marvel and Capcom universes we love, especially the X-Men and F4.TL:DR - While not the best fighting game, Infinite is still a good fighting game and hopefully we'll see an improved roster in the future."
,Not Recommended,493840,35072107,Posted: 19 September,all,Renje,"Well First of all. I love marvel vs capcom 3 and 4th i enjoyed them very much, and i got use to playing them and how the system works and combo etc, but when started this game. I was so ♥♥♥♥ing hype! but after playing it. this game was no where near the old ones, if you're gonna change something you should've started did that from the start before creating mvc3. unfortunately this game was a failure."
76561198346544556,Recommended,493840,35071627,Posted: 19 September,all,R3_Zero,I feel people are not giving this game enough of a chance and are just joining the hate train. It is by no means a perfect fighting game or the perfect MvC game. However the game is insanley fun to play and more open to casuals compare to some other fighting games. It has room for improvement but trust me the gameplay is fun. The gameplay is what makes a video game and this has it in spades.
,Recommended,493840,35128956,Posted: 22 September,all,LARIATO~!,10 more years
,Recommended,493840,35074547,Posted: 19 September,all,✪ FATAL1TY,Graphics 1/10 Gameplay 10/10
76561198123133701,Recommended,493840,35074512,Posted: 19 September,all,SenpaiJIves-chan,"This game is mad fun.it looks bad but dont let that put you off, if you want this game just to play single player i could say give it a miss there are better solo player fighting games, if you want to play more then just the story this game is so much fun.im no the best a fighting games but this game makes me feel like i am, but at the same time it rewarding to players who spend a lot of time with it.this game is awesome and is one of the best fighting games ive played"
,Recommended,493840,35090847,Posted: 20 September,all,bodation,"+ Excellent gameplay, great netcode.If you like MvC series, just buy it."
,Recommended,493840,35077002,Posted: 19 September,all,kamasha31,Good gameplayAmazing infinity powers- from casual player
76561198113107603,Recommended,493840,35142949,Posted: 22 September,all,Shiro420,"Enjoyed the game will continue to play it, not at all interested in the whining by folks on here. For anyone reading this, there is allot of bandwagoning by people here. It's ""cool"" to just continue to hate this game, even for those who have never played it and will never play it. They post meme's like ""is it♥♥♥♥♥♥ oh you can't say it's not♥♥♥♥♥♥its not out yet"" this will include a picture of a guy taking a poop. If you say you like or enjoy the game you are immediately called a ""shill"" or a 'capcuck"" for simply liking a videogame.This is sad to be honest, as if I can not like something without it meaning I am a being paid to say so. Perhaps people like something because they do? I guess not, but this dismissive attitude of ""if you don't agree with us, your wrong"" isn't going anywheres. Let people make the choice for them self. |Give the game some time and you will see how people feel."
76561198013259807,Recommended,493840,35074319,Posted: 19 September,all,Kaleoo,"So far this game is amazing. Everyone is on the damn hate train for the most idiotic reasons. We get it! Dante looks like a meth head and Ryu nose looks ♥♥♥♥ed up. Yeah yeah the roaster is lacking in some areas. Just because your favorite or Iconic characters are not in the game doesnt make the game♥♥♥♥♥♥ Most of you are immuture kids acting like you are entitled to having everything you demand in a game. You kind of people dont be long in the FGC. True FGC member would not bash on other fighting games and try to compare them. You would want them to well to grow the FGC. Enough of my rant I'll give my pros and cons of the game.Pros: Fun and interesting mechanicsEvery team will fight differently depending the stones.Training mode is pretty awesomeFun for casual vs casual play and also competitiveLooks amazing on PC.So far seems like endless creativity in creating combos.Online is far better than UMVC3.Cons: Story mode was boring to play. Basically kill robots over and over but I enjoyed the story. (Remember to stay after the credits.)No Japanese VoiceAuto combo, Easy Supers and auto jump is on by default. (You are able to turn them off.)Not enough newer characters. Rather have more Newer characters than returning characters.I recommend the game for any skilled fighting game player. Its fun to play. Its hard to find anything terrible with the game besides some of the characters not looking so great and the roster being a little weak. I said it before many games out there that look like♥♥♥♥♥♥but play amazing and games that look amazing but play like♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you are crying about the game so much why did you buy it in the first place?Have fun and be creative. =D"
76561198069521281,Recommended,493840,35134987,Posted: 22 September,all,BungaloBill,Absolutely loving the game. Sure it has issues but what game doesnt anymore.
76561197971039922,Recommended,493840,35070834,Posted: 19 September,all,bays_,Each character looks like their dollar store rip off but the game is fun. I'm just bewildered that a AAA title in 2017 looks like a game from 2006.
76561198022072583,Recommended,493840,35091041,Posted: 20 September,all,Melfice,"+Amzing gameplay+Solid netcode+It's mahvel baby+A good amount of single player content-Ok graphics-Meh, rosterStop hating the game and give it a try."
76561198099564449,Recommended,493840,35116595,Posted: 21 September,all,aboosh077,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,493840,35069642,Posted: 19 September,all,RealBusterCloud,"Needed more characters at launch to feel like a Marvel vs Capcom game. At least there's many more coming for sure, the wait should be worth it. I hope the rumors about Captain Commando being added eventually are correct."
,Recommended,493840,35198942,Posted: 25 September,all,"""SQUASH""","|　　　　　　　 ／￣|｜ 　｜｜ 　｜,―　　　　＼| ＿＿_） 　 ｜| ＿＿_） 　 ｜| ＿＿_） 　 ｜＼＿＿＿（ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)＿＿＿__ヽ＿＿）＿／ ＼＿＿＿　　　　　＿＿＿__,　）＿＿〃　 .　　　　　　　/　　　　/　　　 　/ /|　 　　　　　　　　/　　　 ./　　　　 /＿＿＿＿|　　　　　/⌒＼./　　　 /　　　　 /　| ＿__＿|;[__]＿＿＿|　　　　/　/-、 .＼_.　 /| ||　　 　 |　　　 /　/i　 i　　　　/　　　　　　　　 || ||＿__＿|＿___/　/ .|　.|＼＿ノ＿＿＿＿＿＿..| |||（＿＿＿_＿ノ　/＿|　|＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿..| ||| LLLLLL.／　__）L_|　|LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL. | ||＿＿＿__"
,Recommended,493840,35070801,Posted: 19 September,all,Pelayo,"Quick analisis on first look:The port is not very good itself, not the game, but the port. In full screen it has random locks. Full settings but windowed it doesn't happen.Something good: If you have played anytime Tatsunoko vs Capcom and you loved it, you will love this game. This game reminds me so much to Tatsunoko vs Capcom... AND I LOVE IT.Análisis rápido en castellano:El port no funciona muy bien en si, el juego es bueno, pero esta mal llevado a PC (como siempre, quien juegue en PC ya ha vivido esto). El juego tiene pequeñas congelaciones constantes si lo juegas a pantalla completa, tengas el PC que tengas, si lo juegas en modo ventana este problema desaparece.Algo bueno: No llevo mucho jugado, pero te puedo decir algo ya, si has jugado anteriormente a Tatsunoko vs Capcom y te gustó, no lo dejes pasar, este te VA A ENCANTAR. Son MUY MUY parecidos, incluso he configurado los botones a como los tenia en mi mando de Gamecube para la versión de WII de TVC y los combos salen solos. Si te gustó TVC, en serio, compralo, porque lo vas a disfrutar tanto o más que ese juego."
,Recommended,493840,35265323,Posted: 28 September,all,iamtheLoBo,"MVCi is a fantastic game overshadowed by whiney, entitled, internet trolls that wouldn't be happy with the game even if it were free. The game's visuals look great, the models aren't bad, and the stages are vibrant and detailed. If you're compaining about DLC in 2017 and story mode/arcade mode/single player content in a competitive fighter (because that's what this is when it comes down to it) you should probably get with the times. We're lucky we even have a new Marvel game."
,Recommended,493840,35080083,Posted: 20 September,all,Carnage,"Ignore most of the negative reviews, a lot are coming from a very persistent shill campaign from /v/ and Arcshills.The game is stellar and is honestly the best MvC game in the series, yet everyone suddenly becomes a critic when they realize it doesn't include their favorite character.solid 9/10"
76561198112828209,Recommended,493840,35070322,Posted: 19 September,all,3much,its mahvel babenetcode is solidwhats not to love?graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥but its a fun game.
76561198283741884,Recommended,493840,35091653,Posted: 20 September,all,avemcree,"Looking at all the reviews by people who don't even own the game.... Prety sad seeing more than half are rocking DBZ characters or anime characters as their avatars.People say the gaming industry is trash. Welp here you go... Steam needs to change the policy again for those who don't own the game to not be able to leave reviews PERIOD!Ok the player base isn't small by no meanshttp://steamcharts.com/app/493840over 2k playingno frame drop issues if you adjust the resolution in the display setting..... The graphics aren't great and the roster isn't the best in the series. However, the overall gameplay and the content is damn good... There's tons of in-game tutorials (which is missing in Tekken 7) so newcomers can LEARN TO PLAY. They even make it easier for the noobs by adding an auto-combo option in the control settings. Despite the lies, the gameplay isn't slow!!! Matter of fact, its faster than both MVC1 and MVC2!!!! The 2v2 decision was brillant because it actually feels like a TEAM FIGHTER.My only other complaint about the game is some of the story mode characters being DLC which actually trigger the hell out of me at first.. But that's no different than games like BlazBlue adding DLC characters each version and making their base pay a FULL $60 for the game w/o other added content! Yes, everyone ""favorite"" new fighting game company (the creators of DBZF) have charged people full price for just 2 additional characters and an extra chapter in the story! No one's questioning that ehhhhhh????The netcode was surprisenly amazing even against people not in the states! You find games fast AF which was next to impossible in UMVC on both PC and console.... Overall good game with a few headaches in terms of graphical choice and weird roster picks.... Thumbs up"
,Recommended,493840,35072916,Posted: 19 September,all,JauntyTunes,I might even like this better than MvC2.10/10
,Recommended,493840,35071237,Posted: 19 September,all,BlackCatZ,"Game will get tons of hate. but ignore the haters.People are like that.This game is awesome, the gameplay is really , reaaaally smooth and good.It supported my controllers (SFV dont) , it has good tutorials , has good customizable controls.Its a very good game to get introduced to fighting games, since it have easy combos , you actually want to do better combos after you do it,I liked it , and I recommend it ."
76561198113234664,Not Recommended,493840,35143083,Posted: 22 September,all,Envy_Me,I don't like this game gameplay is ...... suck
76561198037031364,Recommended,493840,35120096,Posted: 21 September,all,Day Day Day,The gameplay is good.
76561198260891395,Recommended,493840,35114675,Posted: 21 September,all,Depression but like worse,"The game plays great its a fighting game what more do you want ya cucks, ""oooo0o0o IT DOESNT LOOK LIKE DADA REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"" yall cant complain about the combat i literally saw someone getting tilted about the BGM like???? who are you??go somewhere else with that♥♥♥♥♥♥ yall literally complain just to complain all yall played this game under the few hour mark so u can give a♥♥♥♥♥♥review and refund it eat my entire♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,493840,35208131,Posted: 25 September,all,Pyruss,"If your an MVC fan at all then dont get this game. They took away everything that made MVC a great game. You can only pick 2 guys now, the list is smaller, no new characters, no air combo breaker, the way you change between each player leave his wide open for 3 sec.Oh my fav thing about this game is hitting the same key to auto do a 9 hit combo. Just tap x over and over and you will hit em, knock em in the air, jump and finish the combo with just hitting x. its like WTF reallyNever thought i would look at MVC 3 and go wow that really was a great game (next to mvc 2 its missing a lot)I paid for MVC not MVC injustice or dead or alive MVC addition"
,Recommended,493840,35119186,Posted: 21 September,all,NERDRA9E,"love this game , highly recommend"
,Recommended,493840,35118515,Posted: 21 September,all,Ketchup Boy 666,Pretty Good
76561198045294450,Not Recommended,493840,35069055,Posted: 19 September,all,Alside,Pros:- Graphics are decent- mechanics are good- Megaman XCons:- Auto Combos is heresy- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Roster (obviously)- Command mission x and sigma behind a paywall- Online can get a bit laggy even with good connection
,Recommended,493840,35127732,Posted: 22 September,all,Super Gaming Family,AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is a must buy!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,493840,35069052,Posted: 19 September,all,Uberskullface,X Button spamming simulator
,Recommended,493840,35118713,Posted: 21 September,all,Volta,f-f-f-f-f-footdive.
