user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197994830973,Recommended,494100,26652579,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,gobbler41,"I thought this game was well-written and had an unusually charming and likable cast of characters. The storytelling was usually relaxing and contemplative, and the artwork captured a range of emotions; sometimes it was downright beautiful. There was no voicework, which I didn't mind at all; the writing and art were enough.Enigma has 19 endings, and that's a good and bad thing. On the one hand, you get lots of variety: Some of the stories are short and darkly amusing, many are just dark, and others are longer and more substantive. Some were really very moving.On the other hand, I didn't consider any of the choices that produced those endings to be logical in terms of cause and effect, meaning you could easily miss some of Enigma's best stuff through no fault of your own. I'd suggest using Unlucky Hero's excellent walkthrough so you can see the endings with the least amount of aggravation:https://unluckyhero.wordpress.com/2016/11/15/enigma-walkthrough/"
76561198141123924,Recommended,494100,29237455,Posted: 13 January,all,kurozora.konoi,"Enigma is a great game in my opinion, and one I highly recommend.Now, I wouldn't go as far as saying it's one of the best VNs I've ever played, because it isn't. But it's so unique and engaging! It's an experience I'll never forget, for better of for worse. Why worse? Well, I assume you've read the description of the game - this isn't a joyful one. I mean, sure it has funny moments, but it's overall depressing and has lots of very disturbing moments.An important factor to keep in mind if you want to play this game is that it isn't a game you play for romance, since friendship is the main factor here, even if it has ""character routes"" like most romantic VNs (though you can read in between the lines and see whatever you want in there).As for the characters, I really liked most of them, though I must admit Ignis must be my favorite from the ones who got routes. He really hits some soft spots in my heart and breaks it in some of his endings. Now, Lauro is lovely and lovable too, and Chester, the MC, is one of my favorite main characters in VNs. I think I like Envirio a bit less than the others, but I love seeing dolls in games - it's quite uncommon.One thing bothers me a lot about Envirio, but this isn't a story or character problem. The issue is that most of the characters in the game speak of them using the femenine, while they are genderless being a doll, and they even say it at some point. English has neutral forms, so why not use these? But this is roughly my only complaint.Other than what I've already said, I also think this game is gorgeous, both the art and the soundtrack are great, and don't even let me start on the opening and the ending!Overall, it was a great experience I'll be glad to replay once the trauma of the depressing story will subside a bit.PS: don't mind the small playtime recorded by Steam - I've played offline, and it didn't record the time I've played or the achievements. I was able to get the achievements by loading all of my saves and skipping from the last choice leading to each ending (I save all the time), but well, I can't help the playtime."
,Recommended,494100,29068312,Posted: 6 January,all,Miss Nile,"This is definitely one of the best VNs I've ever played and well, I played plenty. XD But everything about this one is just well done. I loved the story and every single character could make it into my heart, especially the main character. This is special because it is something that many VNs fail to do; they take great care of every single character but they forget the protagonist; so they end up being a dislikable, empty person that the player can't feel connected to.This is definitely not the case in ENIGMA, because Chester just has to make you love him. :DToo bad there is no happy ending for him...The art was breathtaking, there was plenty of CGs and all of them were touching and quite well done. 19 different endings surely lead you to a good number of enjoyable play hours and I think I can say that every ending touches you in a way. D""=The music was also quite beautiful but if I have anything to complain about it, it's the lack of a music gallery. I mean, the soundtrack bonus is there but it isn't enough. The rest of the music should have been there too, you know. XDThe story was a bit ambiguous too at some points but I don't think there was anything major that still needed clarifying so it's ok. I suppose some stuff were left open for the player to make out and all. XDOverall, this game is definitely recommended. <3"
,Recommended,494100,26757484,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Moon2star22,"It seemed like an interesting vn to try so I took a chance and bought it. Little did I know that it would take my breath away with it's music, atmosphere, characters and fabulous storytelling. It was disturbing, heartwrenching, bittersweet and simply beautiful all at the same time. It's a masterpiece that has become one of my top favorite vn's. Absolutely loved it and would recommend it to anyone that loves to be immersed in a good story."
,Recommended,494100,26685276,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Satyagrahi Zetto,"What a thoroughly entertaining gem of a VN with a rather neat story structure going for it.In this game our protagonist is Chester, a man with not a lot of time left to live. There's a disease called Enigma, and it's eating away him and humanity as a whole. He's a man who wants to believe in heroes and heroism, and in his last few moments decides to embark on a solitary adventure by sea, not really to accomplish anything, but perhaps to find a peaceful place to die?He ends up shipwrecked and awakens on an island not on any map, almost as though it is cut off from the rest of the world. He winds up amidst some rather inviting company in this equally beautiful and mysterious island, a perfect place to spend his last moments... But there is more than meets the eye to these inhabitants. His fate slowly begins to tangle itself with the island in rather surprising ways, as if his arrival was more than just accident.This is the general synopsis. The game itself has some really interesting things to say about heroism, friendship, love, and death, and has quite a neat way of doing this with the traditional VN route system with multiple endings and a ""true"" ending. It's nothing that hasn't been done before in VNs, and if you're familiar with popular VNs, you'll probably intuit what the game is trying to go for after going through a few specific endings. Either way, the game does what it does rather nicely and makes for a real fun read.Chester by the way, is an amazing protagonist. He is an adult and for the most part, he acts like one. For a man who has so little time left to live, he has more chill than your average protagonist in an anime/manga/VN. And despite how easy it could be to, it never tries to go the low route with his dying condition. It doesn't try to forcibly pull your heartstrings with him not having a lot of time left and dwelling on it.Other characters are also more or less likable in my eyes at least, though there are a few whose motivations for their actions I personally found a bit weaker, especially in some endings...The multiple endings by the way, are all worth looking at, going as far as to say they are for the most part essential towards the grand finale, as well as better understanding some of the characters. The game seems designed to want you to go through the endings, as the mysterious person at the start of the game can guide you towards new routes.Unfortunately, despite this person's help, this hunting for endings can be quite a bothersome experience. Which is a shame since all the endings are worth looking at, even if some of them border on the outrageous at times (Boy, some endings can really knock the wind out of you with their brutality and cruelty). This is perhaps my biggest gripe with this game. It has to be this way because of the story it wants to tell, but in the end, it's still a bit of a pain considering how many endings there are. I found myself constantly guessing if this or that choice will lead to a new ending.Going on to presentation, the music in this game is a rather pleasant surprise. The music starts off as rather reserved, not grabbing your attention, until key parts of the plot come into play. It's then that you slowly grow to appreciate the tracks. Too bad the mini-ost doesn't have more tracks aside from the OP and ED, nor does the game itself have a music mode it would seem. The art in the game nothing ultimately amazing, and sometimes the backgrounds can repeat a bit, but sometimes the game will throw you a curveball and have a rather pretty sight or a new background you haven't seen before. There's also a decent amount of CGs and they complement whatever scenes they are depicting very well.I sadly feel that this game might get passed on the wayside by many people. It doesn't exactly have much to draw people in aside from its mystery hook. For those willing to give it a try, they might be like me and find a really interesting and entertaining experience that I do not regret having.I'm glad fruitbat brought yet another interesting VN out that isn't some big name known to many. For this game has a story to tell too, I found it good enough to want others to see it."
76561198261364997,Recommended,494100,26718413,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Zira Lee,"I've got nothing but praise for this game.Amazing graphics, organic dialogue, intriguing story, what more do you want?I bought this game when it only had like 4-5 reviews, which I have never done until now. I spontaneously decided to give it a chance due to its great art style, and I'm glad I did.This game will hit you emotionally in just the right spot. And while most VN's I've played just give you CGs for all the endings and maybe 1-2 along the way, this game accentuates its most beautiful and poignant moments with some drop-dead gorgeous CGs. This game spoiled me with its art.I'm afraid to talk about the story without spoiling anything. I'll just say this: this game has some of the most original ""bad ends"" I've encountered, rather refreshing to see."
,Recommended,494100,32701443,Posted: 23 June,all,egg,"This is the best game I ever played, story is secomd to none. I Cried like 10 times. 11/10"
76561198150677045,Recommended,494100,28532621,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Akinoken,"I'm glad that I bought this game on a whim, one late night. It's truly a charming tale, of friendship, love and mortality. I've only played one out of twenty endings so far, but I'll definitely hold this story in my heart for a long time to come. If you're reading this review, please by this visual novel: you won't regret it. :)"
76561198315121491,Recommended,494100,30175185,Posted: 25 February,all,darkdeath676,"A wonderful tale that leaves you feeling so many emotions it sometimes make your head spin. All the characters are introduced gradully and through each route you learn a little bit more about them. No character is uniportant, no ending underserving of exploration. Sometimes the game does glitch out, and the graphics do sometimes repeat themselves, but, overall, these don't detract from the story. In fact, it's almost fascinating how each CG can be used diffrently per the scinerio you are on--besies which, it'll sometimes shots out an entirely new beautiful/horrifying CG right after so...In the end Chester and Envirio drew me to this story, but I wound up falling in love with all of the characters, and it's painfully wonderful the hope this story gives you...and what it does to it."
,Recommended,494100,30418301,Posted: 9 March,all,"Euron ""Thots Begone"" Greyjoy","This was a great VN. I really enjoyed how the various endings and routes slowly revealed the central mystery and many of the endings were very emotional despite the very premise of the game tipping you off to many of the outcomes. Nice Music and Art as well. Not very long, but fulfulling. Try it."
76561198182865045,Recommended,494100,33360335,Posted: 7 July,all,Devecent,"Within the first two hours of having played this game, I’d decided I was going to write a review, however for the sake of being thorough, I waited until I finished up all the alternate routes and endings. In short, I was very impressed by just how incredible this visual novel is.I felt the visuals throughout the game were very nice. There were so many lovely CGs! And the backgrounds… I was quite impressed. They were absolutely stunning! The character designs were quite nice as well. I feel some visual novels go overboard on some of their designs, but ENIGMA seemed to have a perfect combination of unique, but still practical.The music suited the story perfectly. It was so beautiful and haunting. In fact, when I was playing without my headphones, my roommates both commented on just how lovely the background music was. I’m really glad the soundtrack is packaged in with the game, though I would have happily bought it separately if it were not.While these are all well and good, my biggest concern when reading a visual novel is its storytelling. And it just so happens that that category is one where ENIGMA really shines. While it’s true the story starts out a little slow, it gradually introduces you to the cast and the culture of the island of Carlyle. As you complete each ending, you’re given more clues and slowly you piece together the puzzle that is Enigma.Though I must admit, some of the characters are a bit flat, I felt the 'main' cast were all very well rounded. Chester in particular makes for a wonderful protagonist! I quite enjoyed getting to know more about the former soldier, and watching him interact with the rest of the cast was an incredibly fun experience.All in all, this game had me laughing, smiling, uneasy, disturbed, and tearing up—all more than once. It’s such a beautiful, tragic story about hope and despair, life and death. And perhaps most importantly: heroes."
76561198132385151,Recommended,494100,29120482,Posted: 8 January,all,Tiranu,"Prepare your tissue box and hop aboard the feels train.Very lovable characters (at least most of them). I really liked Chester and his goofy grin.The music is beautiful and adds perfectly to the (often bittersweet) situations.It might not have voice acting and is a little short, but that does not bother me, since there are quite a lot of endings to explore."
,Recommended,494100,29983808,Posted: 17 February,all,amino.tempest,"1. Came for Envirio (cuz she looks pretty)2. Stayed for the island of Carlyle's storiesHi guys. It's my first time writing a review so spare me. I'm also trying to avoid any spoilers while writing this review.Review/Synopsis?This game tells the tale of Chester, a former army from the mainland who has a sickness called Enigma. He was found on a beach (most probably thrown overboard during a storm) at an uncharted Island called Carlyle which happened to have a forest also named Enigma, like the disease.Every choices would lead to different story path and would explain Enigma from several perspectives. Once finished, we can relate all of the story together to fill in the voids of each storyline. Like a tree with multiple branches.We would also enjoy the story of each characters that we can get close with.We have Greta (the herbalist), Lauro and Collete (the kind siblings), Ignis (the cold silent dude), Genius (the lonely dude) and Envirio (the doll).Each of them adds their own color to the story which makes it worth replaying for the gallery and endings.[The skip button and the numerious save slots are very convenient for this]TipsIf you are gonna play this the first time, I recommend to just enjoy the pace of the story.Use the [Auto] button to enjoy this visual novel at a laidback pace.Spam save slots and quicksave after each choice (atleast once after making a choice)There's a guide on how to play Enigma: in high definitionThere's a guide on how to get every endingHow longAt the time I achieved all endings (with the help of a guide, skip button and save slots) but still unable to unlock all gallery images, I have spent around 17.3 hours into this game. (According to Steam)17/2/2017"
,Recommended,494100,26678893,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,KaiyoriaChi,"Alright so this is my 1st review for a game and I have to admit I LOVE this story!Took me 22 hours on steam count but more like 20hrs due to idle time.This game had me laughing and crying on multiple occasions and 3 endings that left me thinking WHAT!Definitely Rated M for reasons(Lauro ED 6=weird, Lauro ED 7=WT* Ignis ED 4=WT* Certain scene in Envirio routes=WT*)I really enjoyed the True ED with En so sweet just the type of Ending I was hoping for.Lauro has 7 routes, Ignis has 7 and Envirio has 5Truly worth the price and enjoyed it far more than the Sakura Series or Dharkar Studio games,I would put this more with quality polished stories like Grisaia, Clannad, Steins Gate etc..."
,Recommended,494100,29144739,Posted: 9 January,all,LittleLotti,"Great story plot, fanscinating music! And I just can`t stop luving this Chester guy - more or less he reminded me of Kuroto from Hanakisou. He was so real, human, and heartful, though the life was never kind to him. Only played 5 out of 20 (or 25?) endings and they were all desperately tragic... But yeah, you got me there :)"
,Recommended,494100,26684473,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Yousagi,"This one came out and hit me hard, unexpectedly too. Enigma is a must buy for anyone who enjoys Visual Novels or sobering fantasy stories. It's really brilliant, and worth every dollar you have to spend. The characters are wonderful, the writing is smooth, and it manages to elicit emotions you don't find often in it's peers."
76561198142327767,Recommended,494100,31757801,Posted: 14 May,all,Nii-san,Multiple endings / 20
76561198263484423,Recommended,494100,27389424,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cryscar,"The BGM, the art and the story plot is great. If only they had included voice actresses and actors, it would have been superb!!!"
76561198099136488,Not Recommended,494100,28259746,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,{FP$}Alexeyka,"I was greatly dissapointed by this vn. Since everyone was praising it for narrative perfection (and it started out as a narrative  perfection), ended up being shallow, underdeveloped and overall mediocre experience.The premise of the story starts strong and interesting enough. Throw a man on an uncharted island, give him just a couple days to live and make him uncovered its secrets, and spend his remaining time with the max efficiently along the way.The path with the first characters (Lauro/Colette) gave me a lot of high hopes even. It was filled with a lot of emotional moments, and it was actually interesting to see how the man who is one foot in the grave already sharing his experience with youngsters, who in addition, know almost nothing about the life on a mainland (the game is happening on a desolate island). I actually liked how my choices can alter the story drastically in this path.By completing the next path with Ingnis, however, I was already bored. First of all, his character is boring and unlikable as hell (worse only envirio and tai, but we will get to that). Second of all, most of his endings turned out to be a filler. As I can guess his path needed to be here in order to clarify stuff about the world, forest and the desease, but here is another problem comes in a play: we know very little about the world, and we know very little if magic is common here or not and by what laws it actually works, and, as a result, I had a little desire to be invested in the mystery.The Envirio's path is the worst. It pretty much a filler as a whole. First off, her character is terrible. She is a doll. She wants your color. That's the kind of well-thought-out character you can expect feom her.Second of all, by the time you get there, the novel itself feels overused not only on assetes but also on plot events (chatting with Genious/Lyona, debriefing of Ignis/Greta/ Collette goes mad etc), its clear that author is running out of ideas by this point....and what marks this fact once again is the ending. I want spoil it here, but I will say that it's very, very rushed. Tons of questions left unanswered (How El died faster then Chester if Chester was the first one who got infected, what actually Enigma Is, how come player is the hero, etc.), characters arcs are chopping off in cheapest way possible (Envyrio goes to nowhere, Lyona goes to nowhere, Tai was a turd and remained as turd,Genius turns out to be a ghost), and the most frustrating factor that it lacks any of final confrotation/moral dilemma/recollection.Overall... is this worth it's money? Yeah, no, maybe, depends on your preference. I feel myself kinda not in the right to ctitise this novel (i mean it's author's first work after all), but at the same time I will feel wrong if I will praise it with other players either. I believe you will like it with the rather high chance, but for me, it was too little all around."
,Recommended,494100,27914972,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Green&purple2015,Enigma's biggest strength is it's story and characters. It gives you a heartwarming story that will make you smile and make you cry at the same time.
,Recommended,494100,28844982,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,enigma fangirl,"This is my first VN, and it was amazing."
,Recommended,494100,34247540,Posted: 14 August,all,desperatejo,"warning: the word ""ret*rded"" comes up sometime after the 3rd choice. i am autistic (asperger's) and i would rather not see the word normalized as an insult in such a beautiful game. it was terribly disappointing.other than that sour note, i am enjoying the game very much. sorry if you were expecting an in-depth review."
