user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198242337366,Not Recommended,494450,24911302,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,SamO,"Sexual harassment the game!Do you fantasize about your work ethic being called into question because you're ""plain""? Want your boss to ask when was the last time you had sex? Have someone threaten to fire you for not wearing enough make-up? Have the CEO of your company tell you to ""forget about it"" when you report sexual harassment to him? Then this is the game for you."
76561198045361372,Not Recommended,494450,25472451,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,akaisha0,"Ignore my time on record, I played this on mobile before it came to Steam. This game is hilarious for all the wrong reasons. The premise is actually a decent one, but how they handle the relationships between you and these men is just beyond off-putting. I've never played a Japanese dating sim that didn't have a very dubcon feel, I expect that from their story telling style. However, this crosses that territory in to just plain creepiness and it feels totally unintentional. This game fails to understand how it comes across to a Western audience in particular. I played this game on mobile first and live blogged the entire thing and..the one thing that kept coming up was ""are you sure this isn't secretly a horror game?"". It would have succeeded far more as a thriller. I'm sorry but when you have three erotic scenes in one particular route and you're not even on a first name basis with the love interest by the end of the game, how am I supposed to take that? This entire office is INSANE. They are all crazy about you as if this were a frat house and they'd never actually encountered a woman before. Not only that but the way they ALL insult you and treat you as if your worth as a woman is limited to their cosmetics..it's baffling. With lines line ""a goddess shouldn't ever have chapped lips, fix that"" and ""for someone who works for a cosmetic company you sure don't care about your appearance it's disapointing"" and ""I'm going to feed him like a pet, and train him to stay away from you."" [in reference to a really sweet new guy wanting to have lunch with you], ""Look at you using lip stick like a good girl!"". Everyone in this story is emotionally abusive and manipulative. I expect that from our tsundere and glasses types, but literally, EVERYONE is like that in this story (even if they aren't a love interest). This game is baffling. Not as baffling as Secrets of Me--a game by this same company I really hope comes to Steam because you have to play it to believe it--but darn close. Nothing in this game is romantic or sweet. The only reason you should invest any money into it is a morbid curiosity of how deep the rabbit hole goes and how utterly psychotic everyone is. If you change your perception of the game and view it as a psychological thriller or a dark comedy or even a satire of this genre, you may enjoy it more, but as a romance novel it's laughably awful, insulting, and just degrading. If it were more self aware, maybe, but it clearly isn't."
,Not Recommended,494450,29043303,Posted: 5 January,all,✩ Helenα ✩,"I've played the prologue of this VN on mobile before. When I was going to buy the full game, the company released it on Steam. So, here I am.I hate to give this VN a thumbs down. It’s hard to find otome games in English, especially good ones. But wow, this one was… Insanely bad. The MC is the dumbest character ever created, I found myself cheering out for that one of the guys would be a psycho in disguise and would kill her off already. I think that her and her reactions were the worst thing about Office Lovers.The story disturbed me a little too; yeah, it’s a “forbidden romance” thing, I understand. But why the guys have to be so f*cking pushy and treat her like garbage? There’s always a jerk in these games, but not usually all the characters are like that?? I was expecting an average dating sim with cute guys, and I got a poorly written sexual harassment simulator instead. Yes, the art style is pretty, but that’s it!0/10. This is my very first review that I literally give a game a total thumbs down. I don’t recommend this atrocity on a sale or even for free. But well, if you enjoy being treated like f*cking garbage and still keep chasing abusive pieces of sh*t because ""you love them"", this game might be for you."
76561198346980676,Not Recommended,494450,29750542,Posted: 6 February,all,Hinano,"Do you like to be sexually harassed by your boss and coworkers?Do you enjoy when men gaslight you and treat you like a low class citizen?Do you enjoy when a guy attempts to♥♥♥♥♥♥you before even confessing his love?THEN THIS GAME IS THE GAME FOR YOU!Unfortunately, I don't enjoy either of those things and this game was absolutely god awful. The heroine is either dumb, a masochist, or both because while she seems to deny their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t at first, she ends up just going along with it and ~falling in luv~ with these pick up artists. I know games are not real life, but this was so insulting and degrading I'd never recommend this to anyone."
76561198046956583,Recommended,494450,28666469,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nurbles,"A lot of the negative reviews that I see here are because their preferences do not match the 'tone' of this particular game.TL;DR: You have to be the kind of person that 'likes these sort of characters'. I do, I love the game, totally worth it to me. *fangirls* Therefore, if you're not into 'these type of people' there's no way you're going to like this game. At all. <3UPDATE:I had previously said that I was not sure if this game was worth the full price. I have now playedMy ButlerandMy Secret Pets!so far as well (I have all but one of their games so I'll make my way through those as well), but anways. This is my favorite so far, each character has their own unique story line whereas the characters in the other two really don't. <3 So this game isdefinitely worth it to me, even at full price. I mean it took me about three hours per route, which isn't too shabby. AGAIN, only if you're into that kind of thing. ^^P.S.My Secret Pets!is awful, just awful. I'll be writing a review on that as soon as I can force myself to finish it...ANYWAYS, on to the review of THIS GAME. ^ - ^;;;- Yes, they're all crazy for you for some weird reason right off the bat.- Yes, they talk about how 'plain' you look but that's because you work for a cosmetics company and they therefore expect you to care more about your appearance (which actually makes sense to me).- Yes, it seems like you move ridiculously fast with each person, which can kind of be off putting, but you have to remember that it takes place over more than a couple of weeks. I gotta be honest though, it still made me feel kind of weird sometimes because of how quickly everything happened.- And yes, they're all kind of posessive, some more so than others (e.g. The whole stereotypical 'you're mine, other guys can't talk to or touch you'... which honestly kind of makes sense since all of the guys are super into you? Like, it's pretty obvious but of course the MC is dense etc etc.).But you know what? I'm totally into 'this kind of thing'. Yaaaaas. <3 Which means, I loved this game a lot!  *--------*!!"
,Recommended,494450,26178410,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,d i n k y ㅇㅅㅇ,"Office lovers is, a very cheap and easy otome game. It hasn't got anything unique about it, but if you love these games I'd grab it on a sale.The story is mediocre at best, which is to be expected, like with porn it seems writing is hard once you involve anything remotely sexual.Enjoyable as is thought."
,Not Recommended,494450,25316258,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,DA_GamerGal,"Another otome from this developer who has clearly lost the desire to put out well-written, quality games. Again, their only saving grace is the art. Do not purchase this game at full price, for it is not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,494450,30736194,Posted: 25 March,all,EmProvidence,"I like otome games. I saw reviews for this were not promising. Still, I bought it thinking ""This is going to be so bad it'll be good"". It's not. It's just bad. Some of the art is nice, and some of it is incredibly awkward, but not nearly as awkward as the storytelling and characterisation, if you can even call the flat characterisation that. Don't waste your money like I did. There are better dating games out there."
76561198082428641,Not Recommended,494450,34647137,Posted: 31 August,all,JoJoHanna,"I just... what is with all the ♥♥♥♥ing sexual harrasment in this game! Not really likable guys, and they treat the MC really bad. Like this is not a good work envioment!!"
,Recommended,494450,32625923,Posted: 21 June,all,•SADBOY•,"It's really not that bad. If you read what the game is like, you know there will be sexual undertones and scenes but nothing too graphic; imho. This was better than My Secret Pets! But I prefer Pub Encounter more. The art is good, Music is of course repetitive- being as it's from Dogenzaka Lab. Muted that right away. I felt like each of their stories went on longer than it should have and skipped most of the drivel. So if you've exhausted all other otome outlets, this one isnt awful."
,Recommended,494450,32838816,Posted: 26 June,all,Kayluhh08,"Well worth it especially for the sale price, I really enjoyed it only 2 things bothered me, one there is a cute blonde kohai that I really wish had a route, hes definitely into your MC and on the team but he has no route, also on some routes even after you get together with the guy the MC still addresses him by Mr.'Surname' like honey when your on a bed whispering sweet nothings you shouldn't address him like your boss..even if he is lmao. Besides that I thought the stories varied enough so it wasn't the same plot and words every route and each man had their own personality and though they had the same stereotypes as most Otome games the humor kept it fresh. I recommend it especially if you can get lucky like me for %80 off!."
76561198214726061,Not Recommended,494450,34480665,Posted: 25 August,all,Linin,"I've only played 2 routes 'cause male characters did many sexual-harrasment to the heroine and she just accept it as if it's nothing to worry about, that's a bit annoying for me. Also the story doesn't make sense. If I worked like the heroine, my boss gonna yell at me for sure. lolCG and love scenes aren't really attractive.Luckily I bought it when it was about 70% discount. OK for killing time.ps. please ignore my time record 'cause I just played and then leave it to play other games on mobile."
76561198353137008,Recommended,494450,31673478,Posted: 10 May,all,Tsubaki Hibino,"I don't understand why this game is rated that badly! Cause of this I was sceptic at first in buying it and got surprised positive! I love that game! Played Mahiros route only so far (best end only and still need to finish the best end chapter) and take a look how long it took. Music is pretty nice, I love the Story and Character design. I can't complain at all! The lovey-dovey scenes could have last a bit longer in my opinion, but of course they could always be longer.*lol*Maybe now and then there is a grammar error, but I don't mind that. This happens and I am still able to read and understand the story without a problem, so no complain about that. Heart beating factor is high, I am not that fan of none voiced otome games, but I am happy I bought this game!"
76561198251524140,Not Recommended,494450,34105800,Posted: 8 August,all,mydog8mymind,"This is the worst otome that I have ever played. It's complete trash. It's not worth it even if it was free. This game promotes harassment and abuse. Whenever the mc says anything she is immediately shut done and told it's her fault. That is NOT ok! I've never been more angry at a game in my life. Some how I made it through all the routes and they all have some form of abuse, harassment, and/or even sexual assult.Not to mention the story is boring. There is no character depth at all. All this characters could pretty much be the same person with slight variations. There isn't any real character development or reason for playing. The art is alright but the cgs are pretty much all the same. The music was so annoying I shut it off because I couldn't listen any more.I highly suggest you save your money."
,Recommended,494450,33342218,Posted: 7 July,all,Мизантроп,"I didn't  plan to write anything after finishing the game 'cause I found it very much like other Dogenzaka games I bought in a bundle. But I found so many negative reviews so I couldn't leave it as it is. Really what's wrong with your attitude? Why do you think it so bad and full with harassment? I enjoyed the game! Even laughed sometimes. I personally find all characters cute,in different ways, but still very charming and all storylines were interesting. I agree that some guys were... let it call pushy, sometimes their behaviour irritated me a bit, I even got only one best ending choosing the options I felt were right to choose in those circumstances. And it's not a problem, all possible endings were quite interesting.As for so many reproaches of harassment, men were never mean or cruel, too bossy sometimes but that was quite understandable remembering their position. I personally especially enjoyed Kaido route, and I guess he was the most sadistic type:) But it impressed me greatly when his sincere straightforward nature was compared to sweet and fake behaviour with everyone else. I'd really prefer frank even a bit rude attitude especially when he did so much for the protagonist's development.I can't help but gonna whine again about the same negative moments. 1. Full screen mode makes the picture blurred, well I mean the quality is so much worse that again I had to play it on a little screen(((( 2. A lot of mistakes in an English versionBut thanks for one thing which was absent in Yoshiwara games: we got even three pages to save the progress. And it's really great! Thanks a lot! Because it's nice to compare the percentages of all possible endings of all characters!So, thanks again for your game! Wish you good luck creating other visual novels!"
76561198193754653,Not Recommended,494450,28994235,Posted: 3 January,all,*Elusive*Unicorn*,"I was a big fan of HuniePop and was hoping this game would be similar. I wanted the HuniePop experience, but with hunky men as I am a straight female. THIS GAME IS AWFUL. Sexist, misoginistic and rediculous. I dont know about other females, but I for one like to be treated with respect!!!! HATE IT and I want my money back (lucky me i got it on sale!)....Ugh."
76561198042831675,Recommended,494450,28227661,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Painge,was kinda boring compaired to their other games. but that may just be me.
76561198197896761,Recommended,494450,31619446,Posted: 7 May,all,trueangelcool,"Despite Office Lovers not having that much good reviews I still enjoyed the game. Also to the people that said that the MC is told to put on more or better makeup. I would of been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if someone told me to put on makeup. The thing is that the MC works for a makeup company. I believe that is why on some occasions is told to put on more or better makeup to represent the company on a good note. Also as others stated the MC does suffer from dumbness at times too :(Music was ok but as u guessed  becomes repetitive. BG's were alright looking as there is not that many of them. The art was really nice. The sprites look pretty cool. Only complain is I wish there was more pictures. For some reason Otori only got 5 instead of 6 pictures.Now on to the charcter reviews.Mahiro-I am so glad I picked his route last. Reading his character bio I had a feeling he would be my favorite route. I just loved everything about his route. Best way to describe the route would be cute and romanctic:)Ryo-He was the first route I played. I don't really like him. He was way to mean and harsh on the MC. I on purpose played Ryo's route first as I knew I wasn't going to enjoy the route and finish the route quick.Saijo-Second route I played. Saijo's route is nice except I am not a fan of the possesive type at all. I still enjoyed his route better than Ryo.Hyoga-Third route I played. I don't think a lot of people liked his route that much. I'll be honest and say I'm one of the few that liked Hyoga's route. I know that he had a wife. (Either wife or girlfriend as I can't rememeber) At least he broke it off with her and married the MC instead of just being with her and the MC and didn't break up with the wife or girlfriend. If I also remember correctly in the beginning Hyoga was kind of harsh on the MC. Thankfully he turned out much different than Ryo in my opinion.Otori-Fourth route I played-Seriously I have mixed feelings about Otori. The things he did to the MC in his route made me feel bad for the MC. On the other hand Otori can be pretty cool at times. As the description says he is a smart and calculating person. So I'm not surprised about what he did to the MC for his brand and made it up big time to the MC. All in all his route I feel mixed about.Ken-Ken doesn't have a route in which my opinion is very surprising, U can tell that he really loves the MC and he is a cool and nice person. WIth the exception in Hyoga's route, I found his actions pretty ♥♥♥♥ing weird. Since Hyogaa nd Ken are working together he was able to see the MC much more in his route. I guess this is why Ken acted weird to the MC since u can see Ken loves the MC."
76561198259291261,Recommended,494450,30354329,Posted: 6 March,all,The Rainbow Panda,honestly wasn't a bad game i quite liked it i took it as the guyys weren't actually harasing me they were just bad boys nothings wrong with a bad boy ;)
,Recommended,494450,24943556,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Naruchin ☆,"Another solid port from the the Forbidden Romance mobile series.As a huge fan of FR, I got this game in a heartbeat. I had actually downloaded it on mobile and tried the prologue + first free chapter of a few guys that interested me. Having everything neatly bundled up and with such a great discount is a must if you're interested!On the positive side, the artwork is beautiful. The sprites have a lot of variations in expressions and the CGs are closeups/busts tht can be seen in their full glory in the gallery once unlocked. The backgrounds are okay and so is the music, few very chill track that aren't too distracting (special mention for the cheesy 'romance time' track).The MC suffers from MC-ness, but is actually quite accomplished professionally, is passionate about her job and has great skills in Statistics, so I liked that she was competent and experienced.Disclaimer: I was only interested in Kaido and Hyoga, and brute forced the rest of the routes via skipping, so I'll be talking briefly about those.Disclaimer 2: given the theme of the game, I perhaps unfairly compared the two routes I played with the LEGENDARY Ebihara and Aiba routes in In Your Arms Tonight by Voltage. Both of the games share the similar Harlequin flavor, but Office Lovers is much more formulaic. The reader will immediately know what's happening, while the MC is confused.Disclaimer 3: as another reviewer pointed out, the MC gets abused a lot. I mean A LOT. How and if she has comebacks depends on the route (she snapped back in Hyoga's, but in Kaido's she passively ate up the harrassment). All the love interests are on the jerk side.So, Kaido. 50 Shades-lite. As someone in the scene, his route, which should portray S/M dynamics, reads as clumsy as best. Words like 'punishment, good girl, naughty' are thrown in there but don't really mean anything. He's also a jerk. The MC in his route is very proactive, puts effort in her work and actually works. She's put in charge of something different in every route, and in Kaido it was nailpolish. She came up with a neat idea, I thought, and I enjoyed the office bits.I screenshotted very angrily Kaido's route, but in the end I found it entertaining and I overall liked it.Hyoga was actually my first choice, as I liked him so much in Kaido's route (and I have a thing for foxy older guys). I thought he was mature, but oooh boy I was wrong. He's a manchild.Heavy spoilers:I actually felt bad for Norika because, despite the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Hyoga said, he was having a relationship with her, started another relationship with MC-chan and dumped Norika after, yes, CHEATING on her. But they were not legally married... blah.Also, Ken in this route was a creep. MC's unfazed attitude to Hyoga's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (which he in the end apologizes for, thank God) and Ken's harrassment/stalking seriously troubled me.Weirdly enough, I also had a bit of trouble keeping up in his route because transitions from one scene to the other were non-existant or inconsistent. I think they're looking into that already.If you like the setting, if you like FR games, if you like light, entertaining reads, this game is for you. It's nothing groundbreaking, but it deliver what it promises, and the love interests are many and different enough that I'm sure you'll like at least someone. Plus, each route takes about 3 hours, and sequels & date scenarios are included. For the price, it's a steal.If you're unsure, you can check out the prologue and the first free chapter of each guy on mobile and if you like a couple, the Steam version is a better deal.Edit: if you like the setting but find all the romance options insufferable jerks, you may want to check out My Famous Lover instead, by the same company (only on mobile at the moment). Haruki's route in particular was really sweet, Yuma's was good as well. I hope they will port it on Steam as well, I find it one of their best games! And the MC doesn't get abused in that one."
,Recommended,494450,34204627,Posted: 12 August,all,Arisa,10/10 workplace sexual harassment
,Recommended,494450,33088732,Posted: 1 July,all,erinbutt,"+ Good old fashioned 60's work place sexism.+ Found a husband (most important thing).- Had to leave kitchen to play.- Involved reading (made me unnatractive, wrinkles).- Gave me the vapours.8/10 for the same work as a man."
,Not Recommended,494450,28702016,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,รักมิวสิคนะฮับบบบ,I do really hate man likes mr.Hyoga. Other routes is nice.but Mr.Hyoga is worst.you are with that woman for so long but then you meet new one.you just abandon her.that kind of man is the worst then possesive type or jealous type.disgusting.and heroine you are so weak and stupid.
