user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,494460,35139017,Posted: 22 September,all,✩ Helenα ✩,"Like most of Dogenzaka titles, this visual novel is terribly written and has the most godawful characters(I actually dare to say that the only character I liked a bit was Taiga. Even Akira, the supposed “gentleman”, was very bland to me). The art is okay, but it gets rather annoying to see only CGs of the guys kissing the faceless MC. The BGM… Good god, it’s so bad! It’s only 1 or 2 songs looping forever and ever and making you want to rip off your ears. I had to mute the game in order to keep playing it.The story is simple: the MC gets a job in the show business and she gets to know one of the guys better. That’s it. In my opinion the problem with this game isn’t how simple the plot is, it’s how fast things happen; It takes only 1 or 2 chapters for the characters to fall in love and to act jealous around each other. There’s no depth here, just the “ah I just met you and therefore I love you more than anything (and I might treat you like garbage because that’s the way I express my affection)” thing. Well, if you’re really desperate to play a girl x boy VN and you don’t mind all that, this game might be for you. But get it only on a sale, seriously. It’s not worth paying the full price. I enjoyed Taiga’s route a bit and IhatedKei’s route.That man is a f*cking psycho. And the MC is very annoying in his route… She literally faints during their sex scene because apparently it was “very intense”. YEAH RIGHT3/10. Boring story, shallow characters, terrible music… You can get better otome games than this one."
,Not Recommended,494460,25240308,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ukelily,"Typical characters, awful looping music, several grammatical errors, displeasing layout. Not quite sure what was great about Kei either. I felt like he was a horrible character all around. The routes are quick; it took me a couple of hours to finish one, and the stories feel lacking.I feel like this company doesn't put much effort into their products and just want to make quick money. In comparison, I found the Men of Yoshiwara to be more enjoyable thanks to their unique story and would recommend that over Dangerous Relationship. I'd say get this if you simply want an easy and quick read to pass the time and are not picky with your visual novels.***2/10***"
76561198267660944,Not Recommended,494460,30205783,Posted: 26 February,all,Otome Otaku,"This is just my opinion but I absoloutly HATE this game. I'll list the pros and cons so you get a better idea why.Pros:The art style is good but it's quite bland and forgetable compared to other visual novel/ dating sims that are on steam. The characters have clear personalities and they're all somewhat likeable. The storys take about 5-9 hours per route and you WILL need a guide. The CGs are decently well done but they are not professinal quality which you can get over.Cons:The story and pacing is TERRIBLE! The musicis also annoying and very repetative. You will need some advil on hand for all the headaches you will get due to the music alone. I think the best route to use to truely capture the essence of this game is Kei so I'll use Kei's route as an example. (Kei was my least favorite route by far)SPOLIERS FOR KEI'S ROUTE!Kei is the ""a****** playboy"" charater type in this game. It starts out somewhat normal with your character and Kei arguing (like in the prolouge) about clothes and such. He tells your character that he will wear the clothes if you BANG HIM!?! In his route, whenever theres a disagreement or anything major happens or a problem comes up, you end up just banging Kei. What the hell?Near the end of his route, his brother confesses his love and says he can treat you better (HIS BROTHER NEEDS A ROUTE!)and what does Kei and your character do about it? They bang. Screw solving the problem at hand, lets just bang and everything will solve itself. Theres a lot of lazy writing in this and just useless things like this. What could have been a good route turned into a bang-fest.To be fair, not all the routes are like this. But in all the routes around the mid-way point or near the end, you'll start doing it like rabbits. (If you don't know then ""doing it like rabbits"" means a lot.) Some of the routes had promice but I was quickly dissapointed with the lazy writing and little to no real character development. The only development that will ever take place is one of the characters falling for you. Thats it. And even in the best end, the endings can still be dissapointing with how little some of them seem to care about you.A lot of the routes have this problem. Insted of finding a good way to solve a problem, you do something completely diffrent and lazily solve it as quickly as possible to get back to the main romance. If they actually took the time to figure out these problems and maybe have a bit of conflict, it wouldn't be so bad of a game.(Or you could just remove Kei and replace his route with his brothers)If you are ok with dating sims that are lazy but somewhat funny at times then this is right up your alley but if you enjoy decent games, I wouldn't get this. (Unless its on sale for 2$ like how I got it) Its also a fun game to play with friends and do voices for the characters due to the bad writing (during the sex scenes I don't reccomend voicing it though. It could get very awkward) I also sort of understand why this has such mixed reviews. Some routes are more enjoyable then others with Kei's being the worst once again but if you can look past those flaws you MIGHT like it.If you are into otome visual novel games I highly reccomend Amnesia Memories or OZMAFIA!! They are much better done game with more interesting stories and characters. If you do however like the company that made Dangerous Relationship, then try the Men of Yoshiwara games. The characters and music go together really nicely and the stories arn't too bad. I also reccomend Nameless the one thing you must recal with 5 routes but once again, they are really well done.Edit: I went back to this game (to do a better reivew) and I forgot one thing about Kei's route. He always mentions in it that you are his ""plaything"" and nothing more. This never changes by the way. Even in the best end, you are still just a toy to him and he will never think of you any diffrently. Honestly, going back to this game just reasured me of my hatred of this game. Even after not playing it for months, the music stays with me. Thats how annoying the music got. I really can't reccomend this game to anyone! I am usaully am very good at reccomending otome games for diffeent people bassed on their taste but I really just can't ever even concider sudgesting this to anyone.This game is the Boko no Pico of otome gamess and I'm surprised more people haven't found this and critasized it.Also for those who have read this far down on my essay of a rant, thank you :D This took me way too much time and I really took it seriously. Otome games are kinda my life (I have no life) so it just made sense that I'd rant about at least something. But even with all my ranting and nit-picking, there are still worse games on the market or on steam for that matter. There are only maybe 3-5 really good otome games on all of steam which is just dissapointing. Dear Steam, give us more female oriented otome games plz! XDSo to sum up everything I've said thus far, Don't get it, its lazy, annoying and just really not well done. If you do get it, Just skip Kei's route for god sakes XD And I can not STRESS HOW ANNOYING THE MUSIC IS!! UGH!"
,Recommended,494460,26714386,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mifititi,"CAREFULLY recommended.I have mixed views about this game. Plot wise, some of the routes were a bit cliché and had a typical twists for this type of genre. Since the player dates celebrities, it's given that the relationship has to be a secret. Still, I was a bit disappointed by the ends, even though I probably should have expected them on more realistic terms. Even so, the stories weren't bad nor particulary good. They were okay, despite all the clichéness. Ironically, I liked the sequels, date scenarios and sub-stories more than the routes themselves. It helped relieve the bad aftertaste I got from some of the routes.I must say, I was quite disappointed with the characters. Out of them, I absolutely HATED one character. For a romanceable character, he certainly had no romanceable qualities in him. At all. Three of them seemed like sweethearts and I expected them to be sweethearts - but I was mistaken. While they're sweet, there was one characteristic that they all shared and I disliked; they won't listen if you tell them no. However, one character was likeable and turned out to be much more than just what he first appeared. He's the only character that I can genuinely say I liked, besides the girlfriends of the MC. I liked them and the other non-hostile side characters more than the romanceable ones. That says a lot.What drew me to this game was the art. I loved how colorful it was and it was really nice too. I especially adored Taiga's lavender hair... As for backgrounds, there's some fuzziness to them. I didn't mind particularly because they didn't really stand out to me.English is not my first language, so I might have missed a typo, but I didn't see any or register them. That probably won't draw you away from the game.The music was okay, but felt inappropriate for some situations. I don't typically ""hear"" the background music, unless it's either really good or really bad. Unfortunately, some situations were together with music that just didn't match.Now, the biggest reason why I said CAREFULLY recommended. The issue with consent. No means NO. Most of the guys won't listen. If the MC wants it, then why say no? If she says no, it's a no. I'm not even sure what the MC really wanted, but I wanted pull my hair out so many times because I got so angry at the romanceable characters.So, you could buy this if you're ready for all that. Because my first impressions of the characters were destroyed, I might be more angry than I'd normally be. The sequels and date scenarios helped me forgive the characters - if only somewhat - so that's why my opinion is a bit mixed. Take a risk with a game or don't."
,Not Recommended,494460,28417561,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Arisa,"It pretty much had a lot of boring storylines and and one of the guys, Kei, was bascially a rap-ist.This game is basically a trashy romance novel."
76561198104326428,Recommended,494460,25189758,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,capitalradio,"This is the 5th Dogenzaka Lab game that I've bought recently due to my new found obsession of otome games and the discounts that have been offered.  I think this one is quite good.  Here's a breakdown.The Great:The illustrations are always the high point for me for their games. The guys have a nice range of expressions.There's no issues with this VN coming from a mobile game to PC (clear, crisp graphics).  I like the amount of backgrounds for this story.  They fit well.  There's no awkward choice for a background that doesn't fit the story or worse yet a black screen because of lack of backgrounds to use.Your main character is not isolated.  There's been best friends, a brother, etc other than the guy she is pursuing to converse with.The translation is the best I've seen for Dogenzaka.  I've only noticed an extremely small number of uses of the wrong word (for example ""Once glance"" instead of one glance).The good:If you don't like bad endings then despite the name Dangerous Relationship, this does not offer a bad ending option.  Although Kei seems like one to me!The okay:I wish the male characters had just one more outfit choice.  They each have 2 and especially since the main character is a stylist the outfit choice doesn't always seem right.There are only a few CGs to obtain.I personally prefer the female main character to be drawn with eyes to make a more satisfying image.There are a few story inconsistencies.One route kind of fizzled out for me and lost my interest.Overall:It is a nice otome to add to your collection when this is on sale.  If you're not sure  you can always play the prologue and 1st chapters for each character on mobile or android."
,Not Recommended,494460,26431696,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,wickedkali,"I really wanted to like this game, but I couldn't. Would I recommend it? Maybe if you can buy it with a good discount.The characters are way too simple, with very boring stories. I found very hard to connect with them.The artwork is not that bad, but the music is so annoying that I had to mute it.Overall, I was very disappointed with Dangerous Relationships. In the past I´ve played really good free otome games before, and wouldn´t bother buying this one for £11.99."
,Not Recommended,494460,31425242,Posted: 28 April,all,kektor,"urk. SO MANY PROBLEMS! this otome isnt very good. the boys are forgettable (other than taiga, who's route actually made me feel, and wasnt just me staring at a screen clicking boredly), the art is generic, there is no story, its pretty much ""HIDE UR RELATIONSHIP FROM THE PUBLIC BUT OH THE BOYS ARE OVERLY SEXUAL AND DONT SEEM TO GRASP THE CONCEPT OF SECRECY"" the only route that ive played that broke that was, again, taiga's. i honestly got so bored with the game after my second route and decided on a whim to play taiga's. i dont recommend this game, but if you do buy it play taigas."
76561198114476297,Not Recommended,494460,30288869,Posted: 2 March,all,Aurabux,"This game is so boring. I don't care for any of the guys no matter how hard I try. The opitions seems piontless and MC has no personality excpect ""clumsy"" like always.  Also there is no pre-relationship. You just instantly date the guy, and you are in love. The relationship is pretty boring. I will say the smut parts are really well written but......THERE ARE NO GS for it?! Like give me a good photo of the dude, not just my bed room in every single scene. Also the charater could of gone more indepth. Like the comidean Akria, give me real jokes. not that chessy crap. Also have a bad ending, and a good conflict not like some high school drama confiict.1/5 stars, this game was boring. Play a chertiz game instead they know how to write a good story."
,Not Recommended,494460,33078466,Posted: 1 July,all,Lame.png,"Before I wrote this review I made sure that I finished every route in this game and one thing that I notice after finishing a character's route is that they all follow the same pattern. The relationship with MC and the other characters are rushed, I understand that there's only a few chapters butit's only the first/second chapter and the guy you're going after already tells you that he's in love with you. Some of them doesn't even know MC that well and they've already kissed or proclaimed their love for her in the first two chaptersit's possible to start the first few chapters having the characters just spend time with each other as good friends. There's also smut in the game so if you're not a big fan of it don't get this game, though it's up to you if you want to skip them.TRIGGER WARNING: if you want to try the game but don't want to see the scenes that involve♥♥♥♥♥♥then skip Kei's route.Kei forces MC into doing a lot of sexual things without consent and brush it off as a loving gesture.I have never  hated a character so much until I've played his route. Everything about his character development felt forced and rushedOverall if you want to get the game despite all of this wait till it goes on sale."
76561198288048769,Not Recommended,494460,32848859,Posted: 27 June,all,spennakyoko,"I personally found this game disappointing. I finished a route with difficulty (because I didn't want to feel that I wasted my money) but the other route I chose had a similar pattern. Even the ""nice"" guy was forcing himself physically to the heroine, that's not ""exciting"" it's harassment and assault. The story felt rushed, and the plot was weak.I didn't like the art of the CGse either. I understand that they had warnings in the beginning, but I personally don't enjoy explicit scenes and there was an abundance of unecessary explicit scenes there that I had to constantly skip. So in short, I do not recommend this story even with the sale."
76561198359478971,Recommended,494460,32075439,Posted: 30 May,all,alyssasparrowhanna,"i will recommend this if it's on sale. i am big into otome with some smut and this goes all out on smut and i'm a fan. however, i recommend this with a TW, since there are some situations in which the MC is coerced or forced into sexual situations and that's no bueno. if that's your kink, then it's definitely for you. if that's something that is triggering, i'd heavily advise against this game."
76561198052385248,Recommended,494460,25163925,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,GhostCat,A decent otomeBackground and CG are beautiful. I would of like more CG ThoughEach route takes about 3 hours to complete.I played Kei First ( What an A..Hole)But the other guys are actually really sweet they'll sooth your soul.
,Not Recommended,494460,29536180,Posted: 28 January,all,Grey Spices,"I got this on sale for 85% off ($2.39), and for that price it's alright. I definitely wouldn't recommend this at full price though. It took me about 2 hours to read through each guys main route (both endings), sequel, and date scenario. There are also 2 sub stories, and they are about the same length as the sequel/date scenarios. Character art is decent enough with a few outfit changes and facial expressions. Each guy gets 5 pictures (except Taiga who gets 6). Backgrounds are pretty bland but unoffensive. No comment on the music as I muted it immediately.The MC is a doormat and kinda stupid. Even when she thinks something is a bad idea or feels uncomfortable it seems she'll still go along with it as long as the guy is handsome or she feels sorry for him. None of the guys really respect boundaries and force themselves on her, but she never seems to get really angry about it. I consider Kei and Subaru's routes to be absolute train wrecks for different reasons, but Akira and Ryouhei are pretty nice guys. Taiga is rough at first but gets better. Also, MC friends actually act like her friends (shocking!) and are super supportive. I would have liked to see a bit more of them.Minor spoilers? for all routes:Around the halfway point of each route they'll start going at it like rabbits. The rest of the route has lots of brief sex scenes (with sorta vague depictions + no shirtless art for the guys). I'll also note that these people seem to go out of their way to get caught (I know it's called Dangerous Relationship but still). They'll quite happily have sex in their place of work or other businesses, flirt or makeout while their coworkers/acquaintances are in the same area, and stroll around in broad daylight with zero attempt to disguise themselves. The MC briefly objects to most of this, but then quickly goes along with it. I will admit this absurdity did get me to laugh a few times, so I guess there's that.Overall, I'd say if you're looking for a guilty pleasure skip this and get The Men of Yoshiwara: Kikuya instead.Also, I'd like to put out aminor? seizure warningfor Kei's date scenario. He takes pictures in it and every time he snaps a picture the screen will flash white 1-2 times. The flashes aren't rapid fire, but there are a lot of them in a short time frame."
76561198045361372,Recommended,494460,25368131,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,akaisha0,"I'm really perplexed why this game has mixed reviews, especially in a genre like this by a publisher who has released games that about 10x less worth the cost. That's not to say this isn't a great game, it is. This actually makes my top 3 for character-driven otome games.Character personalities: 5/5Unique, engaging, creative, and very different from what you often see in otome. These characters are fleshed out and unique. They have fascinating backstories that create who they are today as people and it goes so far beyond the expectation of archetypes in an otome. Very attractive designs too with good variance between the characters.Art: 4/5The art surprised me in how subtle it is. There are the most subtle sprite changes that REALLY convey the mood if you are paying close attention to them and how they shift. It isn't just the same 4 images recycled, it's subtle changes to those base images in the eyes, the plush, the eyebrows, the mouth..all that really tell a story through the character. The backgrounds are generic but they at least look the same. Many otome change so drastically in art style for the backgrounds you can really see how obviously stock they are. Here it feels more uniform. It's a shame none of the sprites seem to have shirtless shots though, there IS erotica and it's odd to read when the character is still bundled up in 3 layers of clothing.Music: 3/5It's not the worst I've heard, but it is generic and overused. Props for having some unique songs to certain storylines but all in all it's passable. Does a great job of setting the mood though.Story: 4/5This is a modern, slice of life, short otome. You can only do so much with that but even with that limited content Dangerous Relationship succeeds far beyond games twice its price. This is more of a character driven plot, but they work so well together that I don't mind that the plot isn't EXTREMELY fleshed out. The character motivations and unwrapping of the layers makes the plot stand out far more than most otome games do. And I might also add, it doesn't feel forced or generic. Even series I love like The Men of Yoshiwara are so heavy handed and predictable that it gets tiring. Dangerous Relationship does not fall into that trap and I find that extremely refreshing.Side Stories/Extra content: 4/5Same as story, it's more just character development and experiencing the characters more. The extra stories aren't terribly engaging as their own independent stories but they do offer more character exploration and I wouldn't have regretted buying any of them. I bought this on Steam so everything was bundled together, but had I bought this on mobile I likely still would have paid for the extra content and not regretted the purchase.Erotica: 3.5/5I'm being generous here. Most otome's erotic is so much more limited than this, I'm giving it a 3.5/5 rating COMPARED to other otome. It's got the same limitations you expect from an otome where everything is vague. But, depending on your storyline you get a lot more of it than you usually would from an otome. It's still fun and engaging even if a little limited for someone who likes a bit more. A 4/5 rating may be a little more fair here but I play enough male-market dating sims to have a higher standard of sexual content than most otome can give. So I'm biased.Favorite storyline: TaigaHands down. He actually has made my #2 spot of otome DS characters period. (#1 belongs to Rory from Voltage's Gangsters in Love). This was a spot held by Mamoru from Dandy Shot/Pub Encounter for a long time but Taiga has enough interesting layers to his personality and such a unique personality that have to give credit where its due. He may seem a little tsundere at first but I promise you he isn't in the slightest, his rashness just comes off like that before you settle into it. He's open, honest, and uniquely himself. Unlike the usual bad boy or playboy archetype in otome, he doesn't change when he falls in love with you. He will remain himself to the end and that's something beautiful lacking in very single other otome I've played with this character archetype. He has such a fleshed out and interesting personality that I find myself playing his whole path again and again just because his character is so much fun.Overall Value: 5/5.This game is cheap enough you shouldn't be passing it up. Even with its faults.Best Audience:This game is great for seasoned or new players to the DS genre. I think it sets a high standard that can lead to disappointment in other games if you're new, but it's still such a well rounded game I have no problem recommending this to everyone."
,Not Recommended,494460,27585829,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Anjel,"WORKING REVIEW IN PROGRESS:Jan 30, 2017:Alright..soo... I may have lied. This game is boring. Like, REALLY boring. All the characters feel really 1 dimensional and the music is attricious; it made me want to pull my hair out and I honestly just muted it. Its only that 1 track you hear in the trailed playing OVER AND OVER AGAIN REGARDLESS OF THE SITUATION - and it doesn't loop smoothly either; it sounds like it gets cut off without finishing and starts again from the begining. I'm sorry.. I can't. I just can't do this anymoarrrrr @_@ THIS MADE ME WANT TO CHUCK MY LAPTOP OUT THE WINDOW! Like, I bet its so bad not even Yoosung would want to play it (sorry,mystic messenger reference) AND HE LIKES ALL GAMES. e_e;; Long story short, I uninstalled it and will most likely never download and finish it. Not unless there are no more good VNs or other games or books left in the world and I have nothing else and i'm dying of boredom so i'm forced to download it. Actually... not even then;;; I'd probably just draw or something ^ ^;; lol Basically... DON""T DO IT PEOPLE ITS A TRAP TO STEAL YOUR MONIESNov 25, 2016:Okay, read the other reviews and the game was on sale so I got it and started with Kei's route (as he appeared to be the 'worst' guy in this whole game and oh my glob they weren't kidding!). TRIGGER WARNING:♥♥♥♥♥♥ Abuse. Kei is an arrogant, sadistic, narcissistic individual who treats the Heroine like a toy (litterally... refer to community hub for my screenshots) and purposefully makes her suffer whenever he can because it makes him feel better about himself. He's actually crap at acting and acts all high and mighty but his twin brother Soh is nicer and better at acting than he is. He worries about this and releives stress by making others around him feel like crap.He forces himself on the Heroine multiple times and blackmails her into having sex with him. He then continues belitting her and once he starts getting bored even starts something up with a hair stylist or something. When you finally talk about it, it's because he brought it up (if you do, you lose points) and basically have to let him rub it into your face that he cheated on you and let him call you a greedy♥♥♥♥♥♥more or less for wanting all of his attention.Like, umm... why am I playing this again..? SEE WHAT I HAVE TO GO THRU FOR THE BEST ROUTES PPL?! T~T The best route wasn't even that great,basically him forcing you into ♥♥♥♥♥♥ clothes you don't want to wear and parading you through the streets so he can show you off, even though you told him you felt uncomfortable. Oh, and his rabid fangirls are there too shooting you death glares and wishing harm on your firstborn. Yeahh... Welp, time to dive back in and pick the slightly better answers where I can hate on him a bit in order to get the 'good end' (aka normal end)."
,Recommended,494460,32146604,Posted: 3 June,all,demonic_innocents,I had fun playing this one though I did feel that the relationships were very rushed.
76561198339036360,Recommended,494460,28724969,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Pix,definitley reccommend this game especially for the price I got it for in the steam sales. Kinda makes me feel guilty tbh .. Some translation fails but thats expected and honestly no where near as bad as othres ive played.
,Recommended,494460,29160702,Posted: 10 January,all,Izabela Malan,Kei <3 <3
,Recommended,494460,30783706,Posted: 27 March,all,Loli Chibi,"nice game, enjoyed it"
,Recommended,494460,31541637,Posted: 4 May,all,Schervonne,"I would recommend if you're an otome game ENTHUSIAST who likes to read AND who's looking for ANY OTOME GAMES TO FILL IN YOUR FREE TIMES... oh and... any otome game enthusiast who doesnt complaint much and enjoyed the game.The arts and backgrounds are polished and beautiful.The characters have their own story. (Sigh, I just wish Soh has his own route... Who is Soh? Check the game out!)They have side/short stories : Sequel and Date Scenario which takes place after the ending. Which is great. I like to read more.lowkey Smut... ;-) (excuse me)I don't have much problems on the characters route... Oh, wait.. KEI... I have a problem with him.Play this for fun... But don't romanticized on what's going on with it.The writing is okay to me.It helps me to fill in free times and this game played my emotions... especially on Kei's...I want Soh to have his own route. That guy deserve his own happy end."
,Recommended,494460,32019357,Posted: 28 May,all,Ｊ．Ｄ．,"Got it because I kind of like the premise and it looked promising and the guys look cute but I feel like they didn't manage to bring out the full potential of the game.Akira was the first route I played and he's the one I probably like the most in this story (other than Kei's brother, who is non-dateable LOL). I kind of lost interest after the first route because of how repetitive everything ""felt"" like. Everyone falls in love quickly and hump like bunnies every other chapter, if not all. Good for you if that's the kind of story you enjoy reading. Of course, each of the guys have their own personalities and stories to tell but it kind of feel like those are taking a backseat compared to the... ""intimate"" scenes. Maybe ""Horny Relationship"" might be a more fitting title. Personally unless the story plot calls for it (like Men of Yoshiwara where we are talking about courtesans), I'd prefer something with more story and character development.On plus side, the CGs are mostly good. Even though I wasn't a fan of Kei but his final CG gave me some dokidoki moment. The quality of sprites, range of expressions and backgrounds are pretty good too. Akira's smiling face is just so cute! :3  I only wish there were more different kinds of background in the various routes for a little more variety.That said, I don't think this game is a fail, it is not really my cup of cappuccino but it's okay enough for some casual reading to pass the time if you aren't too particular about the plot (or if you just want to read about bunnies humping). Although if you plan to get it, I would suggest waiting for a sale.And they should totally give Kei's brother a route."
,Not Recommended,494460,32862078,Posted: 27 June,all,erinbutt,"Nobody making this game gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's bland and perfunctory with no passion or heart.After enduring the prologue, the best thing I could say about it is that it's relatively inoffensive (excusing the usual genre tropes). Plus, for $3 I only need to sit through three hours to get my money's worth, so I might do one route...?Oh, and I think some of the main guys have the same face, legit. I'm no expert but face-on a few of the characters are identical. Also, their chins are a bit off and look like the might be a separate layer...? Like maybe they're supposed to move? Or they've been repurposed from another sprite? It's so weird... It's not something you'd notice on the phone which is probably why it is the way it is, but when seeing it on a PC screen it's so odd.TL:DNR - Story is bland, art is weird. Play Yoshiwara instead."
