user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198002099703,Recommended,496240,29132209,Posted: 8 January,all,Hans Von Rudel,"> Spawns in> Accidentally guns down a team-mate with an LMG> Commits suicide from the shame, leaving one person to fight the opposing team of 4> Proceeds to watch the player slaughter the entire other team from behind like a nam veteran11/10 would get carried again"
76561197971987087,Recommended,496240,25337082,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,DISCOUNTJESUS,"I'm 39 years old, and have been playing FPS games since the original Wolfenstein.  Onward is the next step in the evolution of FPS games.  I can't even describe it.  Players all seem to care about each other, and they will try to revive, cover you, and show you the ropes.  The learning curve is a bit steep at first, but after 3 or 4 rounds, you'll be good to go.  Things keep happening in game that I've never experienced in a game.  This one round I ran out to revive someone who got shot, and I got all shot up.  I was already on my knees trying to revive him when they shot me.  I fell over on purpose like I was dead, (basically just laid down on my floor and stopped moving.  I was still alive, but playing dead.  It totally worked, and they moved on thinking I was dead.  There's no kill cams, no display saying if you killed them or not, so he thought he had me.  I waited while even my team was saying ""he's down.""...  haha  Then I started army crawling behind a vehicle so I could give myself a shot.  I got two kills because the enemy thought I was dead. Everyone was laughing hysterically because my acting was so good.  Another round I was down on my knees aiming over a rock and someone started shooting at me.  I had to actually lay down on my back while tracer rounds were flying overhead.  Adrenaline flowing in this game. DO NOT HESITATE to get this game if you like FPS games."
,Recommended,496240,25244606,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,christianled59,"All I've really got to say is, ""Holy sh*t"". I've never experienced a video game as immersive as this. In fact, I haven't experienced anything as immersive as this. Let me tell you why.Pros:-The communication is perfect. The local chat feels natural and using the radio is just how you would in real life.-The locomotion is wonderful. No motion sickness and I feel very comfortable moving around the maps.-sounds are just spot on. The sound of a bullet nearly missing you is enough to make you drop to the ground in real life. It's VERY VERY loud.-The chestrig and overall interaction is very polished. Holding the gun, even without a gun mount is simple. Reloading is realistic and easy. A lot easier than in H3VR.-The maps looks incredible, and you feel like you're actually ""there"". Its hard to describe and I really see myself losing hundreds of hours into this. That's a first for a vr game.Cons:-The UI is a bit glitchy and ugly.-The radio can glitch out sometimes.-There is a bit of stutter sometimes based on your network speed. Not very often, and it doesn't tremendously affect gameplay.All of the cons are very easily over-looked considering it's an early access game. The biggest con though has to be you'll very likely sh*t your pant and/or hurt yourself diving for cover.I chose to play this over Battlefield 1. This is easily my new favorite game of all time.EDIT 8/31/16:I added an experience I had just tonight. This is an amazing game:There I was, last alive on my team, pinned down in a second story of a building. I've exhausted all of my ammo. I tossed a grenade but it was a worthless cause.""Come out with your hands up!"" a voice shouts from below.I have no choice. I shout back, ""alright alright, hands are in the air, watch your fire.""I put my hands up and slowly walk outside. I'm greeted cautously with a gun.""Get on your knees and put your hands behind your ♥♥♥♥ing head.""I oblige, as a look down in shame.""Where did they go? Where are your teammates??"" I'm interrogated.""They're all dead..""""Any last words?"" he says as he casually pulls out his pistol. I look up and find myself looking down the barrel of his gun. Slowly I muster out, ""goodbye.""*BANG* everything fades to black.For a few moments, everyone in the game is silent as they just watched this go down on the live feed. In shock, we burst out laughing, while exclaiming that was the most amazing thing we've ever seen. Although I was fully aware that it was all fake, that moment just before death, felt so real... My heart is still pounding.I wont be sleeping tonight."
76561198032653173,Recommended,496240,25337402,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,clone trooper trainer,"-Joined a lobby without playing through the tutorial and have a minimal idea on how to play.-There's another new player in my team, someone is explaining how to use the controls to us.-try to grab gun, grab grenade instead, other new player also made same mistake.-can't figure out how to put grenade back, accidiently pulls the pin.-don't know what to  do, drops the grenade on the ground.-grenade goes boom, instantly wiping whole team out.-lost the match for team in 30 seconds, no one is mad, everyone laughs.-other new player thought he was the one who detonated the live grenade and took the blame.-I stay silent.10/10 would accidiently wipe whole team out again."
,Recommended,496240,29207274,Posted: 12 January,all,Krieger_762x51,"This is coming from a former soldier, this VR game is the most realistic and immersive cqc tactical multiplayer shooter available right now. If you are into tactical firefights and winning matches through teamwork this game is for you.This is easily the best VR multiplayer game right now."
,Recommended,496240,28965354,Posted: 2 January,all,Encycler,"It's about 95% impossible to get a knife kill and I finally did it. I shot a guy and he was on the ground and we talked for maybe 2 minutes and he was saying stuff like ""guys he is over here!"" and ""my friends will shoot you if you come near my body!""  ""Why don't you come and shoot me in the head"" and so I walked up to him looked down at his crippled body, laughed, and said ""You know, I never gotten a knife kill before"" and he started screaming ""NO NO DON'T YOU DARE!!!!! NO JUST SHOOT ME!!!! DONT YOU DARE KNIFE ME!!!"" and I kneeled down beside him and took out my knife and look at it as he continued to scream. Then I did an evil laugh and stabbed him in the head. :)"
,Recommended,496240,25316219,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,CA_Baird,- Last Alive- Run out of ammo- Run to enemy screeming shoot me- His gun goes click- Teach him how to load his pistol- Me dead10/10 would teach the enemy again
,Recommended,496240,34349383,Posted: 19 August,all,Snail,"Easiest way to earn PTSD-Be Me, Squad pinned down behind burning helicopter-Enemy Marksman mercilessly picking off my squadmates one by one-Its just me and one of my squadmates left-He gets shot in the upperchest i hear him scream and drop to the floor-He is begging me to give him my syringe-Im pinned down, enemies closing in-I watch him bleed out while he is begging me for help-I hear enemies talking near me-Scream at them something about them killing my family-Pull out grenade, yank that pin out faster than ive ever done anything else in my life-Laugh as i hear one of them scream GRENADE!-Die a hero-3 Enemies were killed in the blast10/10 game would love to catch PTSD and kill myself again."
,Recommended,496240,26015607,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,AdminInDisguise,"Alright. So. For the first few days I was kinda upset I bought this. Like, every time I moved I was at like 10fps, I couldn't figure out the damn controls, some of the people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, etc. But now I have figured out all the fixes to improve my frame rate, and figured out the controls, and now its fun.For anyone having framerate issues:First thing that helped was reducing the quality in unity. Sit at your computer, start steam vr, and then start Onward while holding ALT. This will bring up a settings window you cannot access from in-game. Reduce quality here (I did mine to fastest and it works swimmingly, haven't tried upping it again).Second thing was minimizing the game window after the game starts (On the desktop). This one is a bit weird but it makes a weird kind of sense. Why make your gpu display on a headset AND a monitor huh? I don't really know why, but this helped my frame rate a bunch.Third thing was making sure NOT to have the ""Always Projecting"" or whatever setting on in vive settings. Make sure it is UNCHECKED. That's the one next to direct mode (Which I keep ON always).Okay, that's done. Now for playing the game properly:First, google the tutorial. It's short and teaches you some important things, like reloading and where your stuff on your vest is and how to use it.But there's one important thing it didn't teach me. If you're like me, you'll see people darting off and you're like How the ♥♥♥♥ do you run that fast? And nobody will tell you. WELL CHILDREN IT'S ACTUALLY PRETTY SIMPLE! (Caps lock is cruise control for cool). Just start moving with the left touch pad, and then click it in once or twice. After clicking it twice (each time you start moving from a standing position) you are at top speed. This makes the game far more fun, but also more nauseating.I hope I have helped at least one person. I like this game and will be playing it for quite some time."
76561197987674194,Recommended,496240,32055881,Posted: 29 May,all,T15,"Very realistic shooter, no HUD to tell you but the position of the bolt (in some guns or the sound). I love the attention to detail on the weapons (for ex. the m16 bolt staying back after shooting the final bullet, and after loading, the pushing of the oculus joystick up to bring the bolt forward). I just geek out super hard on the shooting range.I would love to see a ""clearing a jam"" feature to add a little spice/realism to the game.Regardless, I am very excited to see where the developers take this game."
,Recommended,496240,29737959,Posted: 6 February,all,Comrade Vladmir Stanislau,"I was sniped by a man named ****snipers. I asked him to explain this hypocrisy. So he said, ""He who snipes snipers, runs the risk of becoming a sniper himself. If you gaze into the scope, the scope gazes back""Did not expect this level of philosophy in a video game."
,Recommended,496240,25278799,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DaKinMan,"My first time. 4v4.Command Officer asks us to split in 2 teams of 2 for tactical advantage.Get partenered with the CO. Yes ! Phew !Get on the roof of a building and my CO scouts ground floor.Shoot and kill an enemy in the road ahead. Yes !Ooops, immediately get spotted by his teammate who starts pinning me down REAL hard.. blasting bullets like a madman.Throw myself on the ground and crawl behind a roof ventilation system.Can't dare to move.No I mean it.I'm physically, lying on my back watching bullets fly over me (enjoying the graphics!).Yell to my CO ""I'm pinned down. Do you have eyes ?"" (not those exact words back then :))No answer.Laughing hard. Some histerical laugh, because it's so intense and realistic. I AM THERE!Use the radio to call for help. Trying to get words out that make sense.No answer.Start thinking everybody's dead on my team and they're just laughing at me hard at with the ""Spectate cam"".Remember I have a grenade.Throw it out above me ""somewhere"", ""anywhere"". God help me...Nope. Round doesn't finish.**RADIO STATIC**CO: ""You still on the roof man? I got one down here!""**RADIO STATIC**Relieved !ME: ""Yes! I'm coming down the stairs now!""**GUNSHOT**ME: ""Errrrr.... you still there?""No answer.F***.I end up dying shortly after.10/10. Would definitly revenge my CO next time !"
76561198085664793,Recommended,496240,25325244,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,MrGrrnjeans,"Love it.  This is what I was hoping for in VR.  If you like tactical military games, you will like this experience.  In my first multiplayer game, my team gets into intense firefight, I go to lean against a shipping crate that isn't there, fall on my face.  Hilarious.  Dog thinks I've gone insane.  I'm an old guy (55+) crawling around the floor in my guest room like i'm G.I. Joe.  Having a blast!!"
,Recommended,496240,25495847,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Aloki-San,"I would like to say here that this is the first review I've written for a game. :DFirst off, this game is clearly in Early Access. It has bugs. Don't be surprised, but don't let that stop you from playing the best VR FPS game there is.Onward is a first person shooting military simulator. I know Steam said exactly that above so I'll specify a bit. Onward has accurate firing. You must aim appropriately and match the sight on your target. Firing takes careful aim or you will miss. There is no quick scoping or killing someone accross the map unless you have a sniper rifle (Even though aiming with those is pretty difficult). There are no menus to choose your sidearm or attachments. There is no ""VR Teleporting"". There are no hit markers and there is no confirmation of kills. You have to confirm yourself.The game has two lobbys: Shooting range and War.In Shooting range you can practice your accuracy with the weapons within the game. 8 people can join you in the shooting range as well. There are targets at close, medium, and long ranges. There is also a simulation corner of the range that lets you practice close quarters firing. It helps to let you get used to the movement of checking corners. The only issue I have with the shooting range is that the shots you make on the targets are faint and they disappear before you can even get to the target, but that's just a tiny pet peeve.After you've practiced in the shooting range you can play the primary part of the game called War.In War, you can choose between two teams Volk and MARSOC. Each team can have a max of 4 players, 8 players total. You choose from a list of classes which are Rifleman, Specialist, Automatic Rifleman and Marksman. Each class has weapons that coincide with that class. The Marksman has bolt action rifles with 12x range scopes for example. You can customize the weapon such as the sight, barrel, and ammo. Oh, also each team has selected chosen weapons that you won't find on the other team.You can then choose your sidearm pistol, types of grenades, and additonal gear such as an extra morphine syringe (You use the syringe to give yourself more health or revive a teammate before they bleed out), night vision goggles, and body armor. My only complaint about the loadout screen is I wish there are explanations for each item for people who are not miltary savvy, but its a mil sim so to be expected.I believe there are 4 maps so far. 3 of these maps have a night version to play and the 4th is always at night.Once in the game you are placed at opposite ends of the map, one team defending and another attacking. The attacking team have codes to enter into the objective to win. If a team is completely wiped out the opposing team wins.The movement is a little clunky, but you quickly forget that once you get into the game. If you kneel in real life, you kneel in the game. If you go prone (Lie flat on your stomach) in real life you go prone in the game.You control your movement with the touch pad on the Vive controller. Your default setting is to walk, but you can run by double clicking the touch pad on the controller. If you put your weapon away and you have free hands you move faster.Every piece of gear you have is available on your VR body and you have to manually find it on your person and grab it to use it. To help with grabbing gear off your chest there is a slight vibration in the controller to tell you you're in the right spot to grab a piece of gear off your body. The knife is on your left shoulder, the radio is near your left ear, the map is near the right side of your back on the waist etc.For communication you must be in proximity or using the radio system. Communication is essential in Onward. Friendly fire happens all the time and the only way to prevent that is communicating.Onward is the one VR game that I have been consistently coming back to play. The feeling of working as a unit to accomplish the goal or getting that first contact down with your vive controllers is so much fun.Sorry for rambling on! Hope this helps give you a good idea of Onward!"
,Recommended,496240,25437050,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Risev,"Joined a game. Told guys on my team that this was my first game. First guy approached me and asked if I needed any help with reloading, to which I explained that I played a bit in the shooting range so I was familiar with the mechanics. Second guy came in and groped my special area to show appreciation.All in all, a fantastically unique experience."
,Recommended,496240,28583838,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,General Swagger,"Ever Wanted to Play Call of Duty First Person, Here It Is 10/10ProsThis game will have you yelling at your teamates because you're crouching on the floor of your room asking for backup because you're currently getting shot at....and you will love every second of it. I have been pinned down with another guy and we both started laughing our asses off because we realized we were both laying on the ground in our rooms while we screamed at one another to hear each other over the gunfire. More than once my roomates have walked in asking what the hell I was doing because of this game. You load in, check your map for the objective, ask everybody their names, then head out to acheive your objective. After the match everybody loads into the loby and of course, you must establish your dominance when you winThis game utilizes a realistic gameplay to really make the game fun, extremely rewarding, and intensively immersive. The community is the best part about the game due to the fact that everybody is always talking and messing around. The only upside to the pricey cost of Virtual Reality sets is that it keeps the community of players restricted to older people and excludes annoying kids you will find on Call of Duty. You should definetly play the tutorial because the game is very in depth and you won't be able to ""figure it out"" in your first game.  The proximity talking combined with the walkie talkies adds a great dynamic to the game and also allows you to talk to the enemy team if you're close enough. Once upon a time I forgot which team I was on and a downed guy asked for a revive, which I game, and to my surprise he shot me as soon as he got up because this sneaky devil was on the other team and convinced me otherwise.Cons-The game is not without its drawbacks including the occasional glitch here and there.-interacting with things other than your weapons on your chest is sometimes difficult-loading times tend to be longer than the usual game (long enough for me to mention)-if you are downed but not dead there is no way out so you may spend an entire match waiting for a revive that never comes and staring at your downed (but not dead) body.-if you go prone then you aren't able to really use your weapon or reload due to the chest systemOverall this is my favorite Vive multiplayer game and I am looking forward to watching it grow and develop.  If you are looking for a multiplayer shooter and looking to make some VR friends, this is the game for you"
76561198301792795,Recommended,496240,25637887,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Pancake,"I play a lot of vr, at least a few different games a day. I'm a huge VR fan in general and am hoping beyond hope that it'll survive as a platform (or ""peripheral"" for those of you that want to get super technical on word usage... trolls). So, I'm not going to diss on other games or vr in general to prove how good Onward is. Having said that, Onward is a very good game. It does what most good games do. It gives players toys (military toys in this case) and a multiplayer sandbox to use those toys in. What VR adds that no other game-to-date can is that elusive ""presence"". This game has presence in spades. OK, maybe not at first as the movement system is a little jarring and can cause motion sickness (you get used to it if you give it some time) . The learning curve is also a tad steep, but when you are the last person alive and the comms have gone dead, is when Onward really shines.You'll remind yourself to stay in control to keep your heart from pounding out of your chest, to keep your hands steady and true, and your eyes wide open. You'll try and remind yourself it is only a game, but the perspiration will start to creep in as reality fades away, you'll hold your breath, your hands will tremble. You will feel alone and afraid. You'll wait, listen, look for any sign that'll give an advantage and a chance to snag the round. Time will slow and then, in a coming-to-an-epiphany-sorta-way, something will happen, something that I imagine can happen in the real world too. A confidence will start to fill in your veins as you'll imagine yourself as a victorious hero walking into a room, pistol in hand, and squeezing off four precise headshots to win in an epic, merciless fashion. You'll imagine placing each shot though your opponents skull like a skilled surgeon prescribing each bullet to its victim. ""One for you, you, you and one for you"", you'll say to yourself as blood flies and bodies fall.The adrenaline that first caused fear turns to fight, and off you go as a one man team with a grand idea against an unknown number of enemies, weapon in hand and loaded for bear. You'll creep, crawl, run, stop, listen, look and repeat. You'll clear rooms. You'll peek around corners then pull your head back only to peek again. You'll push on, but most importantly, you will face your fate. You will face your enemy with a steady hand and determination as sharp as a razor's edge, and there he is! You see him, but did he see you? You hold your breath. You look again. Oh s*it! He saw you. A realization of now-or-never grips you.... fight or flight. You pay no attention to the fact there may be more than the one. You need this kill. Around the corner you go, out from cover, gun ready, gun aimed... BANG, BANG, BANG, BANG, BANG, you let the bullets fly. POP, POP, POP, POP, he fires back. Without thinking you head back to cover. The screen dims, you've been shot, but it's not fatal. You need healing. You reach for the syringe and stop... there's no time. A voice playing like a broken record way down under the intensity comes to your conscious state. ""Reload, Reload!!!"", it is saying. ""f*ck"", you respond and do as the voice commands. You reload like a well oiled machine, accurately, quickly, desperately. Then, while pulling back the bolt and barely giving it a chance to close, out of cover you fly again... BANG, BANG, BANG, BANG, BANG... The real world melts into a distant past and blurs into obscurity as all you have now is your instinct to survive and your weapon to survive behind. For victory or for defeat, for life or for death. You go... Onward.That is what makes this game great. For that moment, it is REAL to you, you are there. Explaining that feeling is like trying to explain love. It can only be had by doing, by feeling. That is presence. That is the potential of VR. That is what this game can do."
76561198119811511,Recommended,496240,29709156,Posted: 4 February,all,XGrumbleSnortX,This is the future of FPS!!!! SUPPORT!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,496240,25305005,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Octavius Rex,"First time I played, I almost refunded it because of awful motion sickness. Played it again a couple hours later and had an awesome 2 hour session and what was the most immersive title on the VIVE.For those worried about motion sickness, what worked for me was:1) Squinting my eyes when walking up hills, rocks or uneven surfaces.2) Remaining still while using the touchpad movement. As in, don't walk backwards in room-scale as you're walking forward.3) Bob your head up and down when sprinting.After playing for 2 hours, I no longer needed to do any of these, but it helped me get started. It's easily the most fun, immersive and intense game on the Vive that I have played and I highly reccomend it."
76561198148070539,Recommended,496240,28215426,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Lightsteed,"This game is incredible, have got over 200 hours in it now and its safe to say im totally hooked. Its great to see that the dev has a well thought out direction for the game too and has stuck to his guns on most things, making the game better every week without ruining what made the game good in the first place. The future of VR FPS games is looking bright, and Onward is paving the way!"
,Recommended,496240,25263376,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,go1dfish,"This is the best Vive game there is right now in my opinion.Is it buggy? YesIs it very early in development? YesDoes it have many maps? NoDoes it have many game modes? NoDoes it even have good lighting in the existing maps?  NoBut all that said it's already the most immersive competitive multiplayer experience on the Vive so far.  If you like FPS games with any amount of realism whatsoever (CS, R6, Insurgency, ARMA etc... you owe it to yourself to try this out.I can't even imagine how much more amazing of an experience this game will be after a few months of polish and additional content."
,Recommended,496240,30050080,Posted: 19 February,all,M1SF0RTUNE,"So you got a shiny new VR headset. What do you buy? Sure you gotta pick up your Labs and Job Simulators to break in the hardware, then various games to test a bunch of different gun and swordplay mechanics, then visit Rec Room for a social multiplayer experience.But none of these hold a candle to Onward and just how robust a game it really is. For a simple title with a few maps, one mode, some bugs, and developed by only one guy, it's remarkably polished and the attention to detail is exquisite. Even better, it's an absolutely compelling multiplayer VR game relying on simple, but immersive and effective mechanics.For a point of comparison, think Arma meets Counter-Strike, and for those of you who tried out Hot Dogs, Horse Shoes, and Hand Grenades with your fancy HMD gizmo, you'll feel like you discovered H3's hidden multiplayer mode. The concept is that it's realistic 4v4 military-simulator first-person-shooty combat with large maps and one mode, ""War"", where attackers have to hack a satellite dish while the opposite team tries to defend it. While this all sounds relatively simple, it's the execution and immersion that makes this game a genuine cut above.When you need to reload, you have to manually eject the clip, grab a new one off your kevlar vest, put it into the gun and load the chamber. If a teammate gets incapacitated (as opposed to plain dead), you have to grab a revive syringe off your jacket, hold it over their body, hold the trigger button, then push in the trackpad button like you would with a real syringe. You can stand, crouch, and prone realistically and duck behind cover while your player model seems to accurately, and realistically track, every movement you make. Contacting your teammates is also given a dash of realism, as you can hear them when they're close, but when they're far away you have to bring your hand to your shoulder to use your radio, and of course, they can't respond when they're dead, potentilly even killed by your own hand! When you need to navigate a map or relay a location to your teammates, you have a tablet device you pull from a back pocket as well as a wristwatch as directional compasses to point out to your team where in relation enemies are to you. Even capturing the object is integrated into the gameplay, as you have to pull out your tablet device, read a code displayed in your tablet, and then go into a keypad to manually type it in in order to win the game. All those are just the mechanics built around a very well-polished and satisfying bit of simulated gunplay!The best part? The game does all this without any extra button commands or a single piece of UI or HUD to operate your natural movements, instincts, and combat-related information. Couple this with some excellent sound design (and a really good subdued soundtrack on top of that), very detailed models and varied, detailed maps, it all comes together as a seamless experience. You'll wind up feeling like you're really there in the heat of battle, where one wrong move could get you killed. There are no Classes or Perks to be found here.The maps available are also suprisingly solid. Most of the maps are assymmetric, and rely on using landmarks in order to navigate or call enemy positions. There's also a lot of interplay with verticality (though unfortunately the highest building you can climb is no more than three stories high) and long ranges that make for intense sniper shoot-outs. Close-quarters combat also can work well in Subway, which has a street level and a subway section transitioning from long-distance firefights to cramped quarters. There's even a solid mostly-symmetric map in the form of Suburbia which creates quick confrontations and intense indoor-to-outdoor combat.That's not to say the game isn't perfect, however. As of the time of this writing, the game is short on maps sporting 3 unique maps, and 2 others with day/night variants. War is also the only mode available in the game, and there's no matchmaking nor leaderboard components to add to the competitive scene. There's also no way to customize load-outs outside of pre-matches for quick selections of favored gear. It'd be nice to tweak these while you're dead and waiting for the round to end, on top of maybe some more physics toys to mess around with or a simple shooting range to practice while you wait. There's also some getting used to required for the trackpad/thumbstick-based movement that can lead to motion sickness if you're easily prone to that. There's no blink mechanics here!But what's interesting is that the mechanics are so tightly and well-constructed, it makes up drastically for these shortcomings and only shows potential for future modes to be built around such a solid framework. In fact, the strong community in the game came up with a few good ideas of their own such as hostage rescues, pistols or knives-only, no night-vision in night maps, and more. It's exciting to think what things might be like if these kinds modes were incorporated into the game with others to round out the very well-made War mode. Higher player counts could also make for interesting matches on the larger maps.Onward is a compelling and astounding accomplishment in the forray of VR shooters, and is a remarkable proof-of-concept in a multiplayer title for hardcore VR gamers. And it's done by a single man.VR needs more innovators like the mind behind Downpour Studios, because Onward, even in Early Access, is an incredible achievement of superb game design wrapped up in an affordable and enjoyable replayable multiplayer package at a well-placed price. This is a must-have for any Vive or Oculus Rift w/ Touch owners looking to take a fun, tense, immersive peek into the future of VR gaming."
,Recommended,496240,31198187,Posted: 17 April,all,Dr.Unfähig,"Onward is hands down the best mulitplayer FPS experience on the market right now!To be honest I literally bought my HTC Vive for this after seeing a lot of videos about it because I couldn't resist and all I can say is that I didn't regret it because it was even better than I could ever imagine...The complete immersion combined with the intense teamplay-oriented firefights is just amazing. I have a blast everytime playing it again!The aiming, throwing grenades and reloading weapons with the motion controllers is a lot of fun and VR offers a lot of other new possibilities through the roomscale tracking like blindfire over walls or through windows which is just an amazing feeling especially when it pays out for you.Laying down in the game by laying down in your actual room is just ridiculously good. For example I had a moment where I saved myself by going prone in front of a barricade while I was under fire by an M249 in a two story building.Also the head and hand tracking allows you to give signs with your head or hand and a lot of players use that online.The VoIP system is split into two different channels. There is a walkie talkie and a local channel (open mic). The enemys can always hear you talking when they are close to you which creates a lot of awesome and intense moments for example when you hear someone talking and you give your teammate a sign with your hand to tell him where you want to move silently to take him out.The community is probaly by far the best I've ever seen in a multiplayer FPS game (I would say even better than Squad which also has a good community). I think that's also because people are more willing to talk because of the open mic ingame and the high costs of getting into VR causes that mainly very interested players will be in the game.But honestly not one round passes without a single laugh because something great happened or somebody just tells a funny joke. The players are friendly to each other, they often greet themselves and in general you just see that everyone has so much fun playing this game.Also you often meet the same people because of the small VR playerbase.If you own an HMD or you have enough money to afford one I can only recommend to get Onward. It's by far the most fun and the best experience you can get in multiplayer FPS at the moment and shows what the future for FPS games can look like! It's also really addictive once you got into it.I already spent 100+ hours in the game and I'm sure it's gonna get a lot more as there is no sign of tiredness."
,Recommended,496240,25615789,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,@Dicky Spanish,"I'm betting this game will have the most hours played of all the vive games by the end of the year. If Valve had any sense they would do with this what they did with counter strike all those years ago. It's the game the vive needed and I only needed just over an hours gameplay to see how great this game is.Good job dev, I hope you make a fortune from this game."
,Recommended,496240,34151150,Posted: 10 August,all,GuiKa,"Best VR game by far, you can actually play this one hundreds and hundreds of hours and you will still want more. Most other games are tech demo or small campaign, this one is something else, it's the CS of VR."
,Recommended,496240,25246719,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Chibomb1213,The best game on the vive so far... I would say its worth the 825$ just to get a vive and this game.
76561198018350192,Recommended,496240,25260083,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,cal52413,"""Two contacts in sight, behind the wall, next to that car!"" shouts a team-mate. I run for them, and take cover on the nearside of the car. As I do this i get shot in the shoulder and duck down. ""Contact down"", I hear one of the two scream as they move to the far-side of the car.I have no rounds left so i fumble for my side-arm whilst curled up in a ball. With the smallest movements I slide the new mag in the pistol and pull back the slide, all the while listening to the enemies the other side of the car, barking orders at each other. I take a deep breath as i hear one of them shout ""RELOADING!"". This was my chance. I stood fast, and aimed through the car window at the two contacts. ""HES STILL ALIVE"" one screams as we lock eyes. I continued to fire off all my rounds into him before he could blink, his teammate fumbles like a deer in headlights and pops smoke. My pistol clicks and i duck back down to reload.As quick as the smoke fills the locality im already primed for another shootout. I slowly crawl through the smoke to find the enemy had retreated back past a low wall, twitching, looking around not knowing where i was. I took the chance, lined up the sights... The next thing i hear; ""contact down.. good job guys"""
76561198064106555,Recommended,496240,26425132,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,mrorange,"Number 1 VR Vive title on Steam (5th of November 2016)It is a great tactical shooter mix in virtual reality which feels like nothing experienced before. Definitely a must-buy for each Vive owner. I even heard people saying they bought the Vive only for this game and did not regret yet at all.It is still in early access, but not a typical VR tech demo.  It gets regular updates by the developer. Yes, this game has been developped by one guy.What I like* Movement - best locomotion in VR - actually every other single VR game should take an example from this* Gun handling - feels realistic, but you can still handle it fast during hot gunfights, room for your skills to improve* Pace of development, the interaction with the community, regular performance updates, really listening to community* Creative and well thought map design* Hundreds of thrilling moments in amazing gun fights* Communication with your team mates during the matches* Even camping in a house and waiting for the enemy to approach the objective is still fun* There are coming community maps, which means there will be many many more maps* Game has every potential to be THE reference in VR gaming for this generationWhere I see potential for further improvements* Performance / Optimization - especially on Suburbia (new map on the 5th of November)* Making character more distinguable from each other; now only black and bright brown, maybe some red and blue elements on the uniform or helmets?* Something interesting to do in the lobby between the matches* Kick and mute function for host* More players, at the moment 4vs4* A free for all mode with respawns in order to practice* A PVE mode for coop on the maps* Binoculars* Better scopes* Improvement on the bullet penetration* Single player vs AI modeOverall, this game is a must have PC gaming experience. It might be the next step in gaming since Super Mario 64 or Wolfenstein 3D. It has a lot of replayability and will keep you sweating through some of the most intense gaming moments in your gamers life. Just one more mission is the motto. You will not regret the purchase. You will tell your friends how awesome it is."
76561197968207672,Recommended,496240,29339082,Posted: 18 January,all,Tripwire,"If you are a fan of tactical FPS, this is the VR milsim experience you do not want to miss.Pros - Gameplay, Locomotion, Teamwork, Ingame VOIP system (Proximity and Radio).Cons - This game will *WRECK* your desire to ever play an FPS with a mouse/keyboard again.You have been warned!"
,Recommended,496240,29048787,Posted: 5 January,all,BloodShot,"Round 1 begins.You look toward the enemy, grasping your MX18 with both hands. Anticipating the firefight of a lifetime. You look right and your buddy is holding his AUG. You look back in front of you, you look down your red dot sight and you squeeze the trigger a little.Noticing you see enemy movement you focus your breathing, aim and fire.Your buddy next to you see's where you are firing and fires too. Gun fire errupts all around you, you have other mates around flanking the enemy.The enemy gain control and kill 2 of your mates. It's just you and your buddy.You are both forced to retreat, scared for your lives, you both setup in a position that you can tactically cover eachother. You say ""we're in for a big one here"" and he nods.You reload your weapon, as does he. You wait.You are literally sweating. Breathing incredibly hard.This is real life it seems.You're waiting for the inevitable, the enemy get closer.You can hear footsteps around you. You anxiously listen to the footsteps and minor chatter. It is all four of the enemy team.You're outnumbered 4 to 2. You and your buddy know your best chance of survival is to attack first. You hear them right around the corner. You put away your MX18, grabe a stun grenade off your chest, pull the pin and throw it around the corner. You look away as it explodes, blinding the enemy. You can hear them sceaming that they are blind, its your time to shine.You take your MX18 into your hands, you run around the corner screaming '♥♥♥♥kk youuuu' and you spray your manly bullets all over the enemy. You kill ALL four. You're a hero.Round over.Anyone who has VR or is considering on getting VR must try this game atleast once. If you don't like it, then you're probably a pusssy (or a COD player).This is the new age of gaming, and with VR being very, very young, I can only see this shhit getting better.Definitely recommend"
,Recommended,496240,32177160,Posted: 4 June,all,Off The Land,"Realistically, this is the only Vive game, of which you can bear to spend more than a couple of hours in."
,Recommended,496240,25336833,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Cartman,"This is the game VR has been waiting for. I've only clocked a couple of hours (and first 30 mins of that was on teh shooting range getting to grips with the controls and reloads etc) but once in the game - WOW!First - It's a good FPS. Good maps and good 4x4 style capture the objective games.Second - The weapons are great - they feel chunky and they are realistic to hold and fire, and more importnatly, to reload and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Excellent detail, and when under fire a proper cause of (realistic) stress.Third - very important, but the community seems pretty cool. Peole are helping each other (i.e. me and another newby pinned down a building talking about how to capture the objective, how to use radio, how to suppress and run, etc) but also the better players seem happy to have you on the team, and will stop and give advice.Forth - very funny. Many crazy scenarios. In my last game I had teamate take a bullet - I'm shouting 'he's dead' when he pipes up, theatrical weak voice 'I'm not dead, dude - just need a medic'. Another chap makes a hero run to syringe this teammate, only to get shot down by sniper fire. He literally played dead, waited for the shooter to get distracted, then leaped up and ran off laughing. It's more realistic than games where the kill stats gets splashed on the screen - if someone goes down at a distance, you don't know if they are dead, injured or playing dead.Fifth - the movement works well. Much better than teleport. This is the first time I've thought that games like Doom and Fallout might actually work in VR without breaking the realism by blink hopping all over. And NO sickness at all....result!Sixth (and most importnatly) - it's total immersion. It's the most immersive PC experience I've had in 20 years of gaming. Not even exaggerating.Buy it - it's bloody brilliant."
76561198026980352,Recommended,496240,25313299,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Japa,"First true killer app for the HTC Vive.I've been gaming for 30 years on both pc:s and consoles. I usually do not write Steam reviews at all, but this game is so good that it simply warrants it. In a matter of days it has given me many priceless moments that already go to my top-10 of gaming events. That is amazing for an early release title developed by one guy (?!).I love especially the adrenaline rushes that the game gives you constantly and how the events unfold unexpectedly. The voice comms are also excellent and your voices can be heard by your enemies as well, so you better watch out.In the end smart team tactics rule the day over solo rushing. Syringes, grenades and pistols, knives are all actually useful items in this game.Even if you are not a gun enthuasist (I am not), this is the best bang for the buck easily for VR genre. Especially if you like more tactical online games & shooters with a more realistic touch. Then again, I got the same feeling playing it for few day that I got when playing CS in 1999 (before it came a phenomenon). I think it has captured a nice balance of realism and action oriented gameplay in its veins. Locomotion works surprisingly well with room scale movement. More the better, so with 6vs6 or more this would really be something (which is in the works as I've understood).10/10This game will sell a buttload of Vives for sure. Just give us more options/features for MP and maps! Fix bugs and optimize the game and obviously try to keep it fresh with constant updates.Valve, consider hiring this Dante fellow. With your resources this game could become simply epic and new e-sport genre for sure."
76561198013502835,Recommended,496240,29639260,Posted: 1 February,all,Lefty,"Hands down the best game on the Vive; great immersion, great community, people play for fun and make you feel welcome. Not a round goes by without some good laugh with both teams, it's awesome.The only problem is that it makes every other ""classic"" FPS look and feel so tame now.. speaking of which i need to put some matresses around the room to go full John Woo style.Also great support for left handed players, it feels natural and everything works smoothly."
,Recommended,496240,33230750,Posted: 4 July,all,Slimes,"Everyone has their own ""thing"" in VR that they basically stick to. After few weeks of purchasing the Vive I stopped being exited about every VR game or experience as I novelty wore off.I like milsims, but onward videos didnt impress me since it doesnt compare in 2D with industry top games like battlefield or far cry, gun interaction seemed too simplistic too compared to other vr gun sims like H3VR. Plus I was worried it will make me sick with that locomotion type since I had bad experience from other games.I did get a bit sick from 1st time trying it but I think playing it for many hours did improve my vr legs in other games, it just does toucpad locomotion absolutely right way, bad examples still make me feel dizzy, but many games now use ""onward locomotion"" and VALVE themselves admitted Onward has prove them wrong - touchpad locomotion does work in vr.Anyway Onward hit home for me, it keeps me interested in VR to this day, basically I only play it exclusively in vr. There is even e-sports league and whole thing feels like strikeball/paintball competition but for much, much less money and you can do it if you are disabled/have injuries which would deny it for you in real life. Amazing!"
,Recommended,496240,25366344,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Xelsia,">playing burger>hear some kebabs talking in a building>hear one of them say ""Shhshh, did you hear that?"" at my footsteps>calmly say ""Allah Ackbar my friends, I am one of you"">hear back ""Allah ackbar friend"">round the corner and shoot one of them10/10 would be religiously insensitive again"
,Recommended,496240,34364471,Posted: 19 August,all,Dax,"Onward is a military first person shooting simulator that gives you weird tingly feelings in the nether regions of your pants that your parents warned you about as a pre-pubescent teen.This game brings the true glory to what a virtual reality shooting game should be.There’s no progression system or story line but that’s one of the perks of this game. It isn’t mean to be a Call of Duty clone but more based on strategy then a spray-and-pray shooter.Weapons are balanced with a fixed point system along with your kit load-out so no one player ever feels to OP.Communications are open channel mics and radio coms located on your character making it very easy to spot, target, and eliminate threats.The tunnel vision from being fired at to the heart beat pounding in your ears will have you on edge as every corner you turn; every room you enter, every step you take brings you one step closer to victory or defeat.Here’s some game play of the recent map that Downpour Studios just unleashed for their Operative mode.No commentary or silly clips just straight up game play of me vs 16 bots.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcoyHwCCiFANow let’s talk about the cons because no game is without sin.All the maps I’ve come across have regions where you basically “blackout” and the screen goes dark. The only way to get out of these blackout zones is to move around until you can see again or someone takes you out by shooting you.Locomotion is another issue but not something I’m going to fault. This type of movement takes some getting used to or in my case it did and I had to do it in doses.If you’re prone to motion sickness this game may trigger that so take baby steps. I can now play for hours on end but in the beginning after 10 minutes I had to quit and I don’t easily get motion sick.Other than a few minor details for an early release game it still is quite polished and shows a real promising future.Would I buy it again?Absolutely!"
76561198022750252,Recommended,496240,25281355,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,God Emperor Trump,Screw you wave shootersScrew you teleportationScrew you games with zero replayability/customization but still overchargeOnward is here and is what we needed in order to raise the bar.Onward is our hero.NO!!! our GOD EMPEROR
,Recommended,496240,25340849,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Thalene,"Technology has reached a new peak, for the first time ever...humanity can dab in a combat zone."
,Recommended,496240,25245092,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,794,"It's everything you hoped it would be and more. Yeah, the odd bug or two, but they're minor bugs and I've seen far, far worse. Absolutely amazing, so glad to be here for this revolution of first-person shooter VR gaming.Buy it, it's WELL worth your time. The game mechanics are great and fluid, you'll feel overwhelmed at first with all the controls and options but it only took me a few rounds to have a complete hang of it. Everyone is super friendly, props to the dev!"
76561198043697188,Recommended,496240,31656286,Posted: 9 May,all,M00NSH0T,"I can't believe one guy made this.  The dude must be a supergenius, and I hope this game has made him at least hundreds of bitcoins.There are simply no other games I've played in any medium that are as fun and realistic as this, with the exception of paintball.  If you can go out and play paintball with 7 friends in the woods, go do that.  You're lucky.  Enjoy the outdoors and have an awesome time.  If you can't, buy this game.  I promise you won't regret it.  Even with Fallout 4 VR coming out soon, I think this is going to continue to get plenty of hours from me.  It's VR's Counterstrike or Halo.  The first solid FPS title that shows you what's possible and sets the standard by which all future titles will be judged."
76561197964503453,Recommended,496240,27697516,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Not_A_Virus.exe,"Currently,The best game in VR. I bought the HTC Vive with this game heavily in mind and do not regret it. The controls are easy and you get the hang of it quickly. It may take you a few minutes to get used to the Motion controls in the game, may make you feel a bit wobbly when you first try it but after a few minutes you get used to it and don't even notice it anymore.The game makes you feel like you're playing paintball the first few times you play when you're ducking behind a cover or wall.My only gripe with the game is that if you physically go prone it's almost impossible to grab a weapon or reload. The way the chest system is setup in the game when you go prone it goes in the floor and you can't see or reach anything.Overall ihighlyrecommend this game if you have a vive."
,Recommended,496240,30503402,Posted: 14 March,all,orl0x,"Awesome game!!! Only because of it, did I go out and spend $800 dollars on a piece of equipment to play it. This is how vr games should be made, no more teleportation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,496240,33536346,Posted: 14 July,all,Nachtom,"Gameplay■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ . .8/10Graphics■ ■ ■ ■ . . . . . .4/10Atmosphere■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ . . . .6/10Game depth■ ■ ■ ■ ■ . . . . .5/10Game length■ ■ ■ ■ ■ . . . . .5/10VR specific:Immersion■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ . . .7/10Physical activity■ ■ ■ . . . . . . .3/10Motion sickness risk■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ . . . .6/10+ Multiplayer with stable community - sometimes toxic, but at least there is always a server to play+ Since there is no respawn you can better feel danger and be afraid of death+ Solo/Coop mode against bots - effectiveness and number of bots can be set+ Active developer- Bad unintuitive grabbing/dropping system, especially for new players - it is easy to grab a wrong item but hard to put it back (if you don't know from where it got to your hand), can't use minimap while holding a weapon, items can be picked only by the hand which is set to that specific item, cannot grab weapons of dead players, etc.- Your fun and even gameplay length are dependent on how well you are doing - if you die in the beginning, you may wait over 5 minutes to get back into action and lobby is quite boring - but you can train with botsMovement: 		Touchpad locomotion (continuous motion)Controls: 		Motion controllersMy progress: 		22 hoursRecommended price: 	15 €My overall recommendation score:85%More reviews of VR games here! (NachtomVR - Steam curator)"
,Recommended,496240,29658229,Posted: 2 February,all,smartbombradio,"tl;dr If you're OK with early access/don't have a toaster/can afford it Onward is a must buy.I'll start with community, SO NICE - Onward is a really difficult game to learn (for the better) so if it had a cancerous community that would screw the game outright but every game I've been in, from even fights to getting owned by experts, the players have been kind and helpful. Don't get me wrong, this is Milsim paced, so if you stand up when you should be eating floor you're getting your head blown off, but your team won't be too mean about it and people will explain what you did wrong. Questions (especially how do I reload/run) are expected, as long as you ran through the firing range at least once. Anyway, I want to lean on that - great people to play the game with and games always running, so if you enjoy the game, you won't be put off by who you have to play it with.As for the game, it's basically COD/Arma but MilSim paced/with one life. You fire pretty realistic looking/feeling weapons, including realistic reloading/grenade proceedures which keep the game from becoming a nade fest. Ammo is restricted, and most fights you won't use more than one magazine anyway because the sound design is wicked good in this game - shooting like a maniac, running and hopping around, talking... these things will get you killed. Some maps are wide open and your whole team may get sniped by one guy if you're not careful, others like subway are more chaotic.The shooting on oculus is good and responsive - and the controls, while complicated, are great for the touch - I never thought the controlls killed me when I died and shots went where my iron sights told me they'd go. You do want to have a clear room area and not be embarassed to go prone or crouch though - cover matters. Shots around walls, over cover, hiding, etc are important and your spouse is going to laugh at you as you try to achieve them, be warned.Movement is touchpad based, and may make some people sick but it doesn't bother me.Graphics are good on my pretty good computer - I turned them to the lower setting but that's more for framerate than anything (i7, 970) - and the full graphics are pretty great for VR though will require a decent rig if you want to use them.Right now it's only 4 on 4 but they plan to expand that to (12 on 12?) squad on squad as the bugs get kicked out, of which there aren't that many. Content is a bit thin but it's early access so NBD.So yeah, really fun game, great community, a lot of potential."
,Recommended,496240,26715398,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Avitz,"Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm writing this in a bad mood.Onward -IS- Good. However lets be blunt upfront about this, this is a Mil-sim with a learning curve steeper than a brick wall. If you're entirely against an organised group that are experinced, there is litterally no point trying to play this game, dying before I even see a guy only to get berated with chuckles over the chat is not my idea of fun. You die to quick and rounds can be so long windered it's impossible to either learn maps or even basic techniques outside of how to reload your gun - Sorry to break it to you, the firing range/breach thing only helps so much.HOWEVER, in a setting of random people that -AREN'T- good at the game and this is an absolute riot, frantic sprays of fire, panicing in a corner desperately trying to syringe someone - This is fun and this is what I recommend it for. Fun spurts of excitement as you try to hecticly IPAD a code in whilst screaming about not wanting ot be shot.If it's random people, enjoy yourself, but there's no point staying in a game the moment clantags or similar names show up, bail and find another match."
76561198304533872,Recommended,496240,34945965,Posted: 14 September,all,█▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,"This game, has to be one of my favorite games ever period. I've had so much fun memories so far and they don't seem be stopping. I've met so many people and have had alot of good times, and for that, I say thank you. Thank you for creating such a masterpeice."
76561198358595355,Recommended,496240,32877193,Posted: 27 June,all,Mitch Conner P.I.,Most realistic VR game to date.  With a huge mp community.
76561198153595592,Recommended,496240,34584844,Posted: 29 August,all,spfly,"This is one of the best experiences I've had in my 20 years of gaming. Unlike other VR titles this has replayability. You want to play and play and play. The recent updates have the game running silky smooth and they have also added a you vs. bots mode for practice which I recomend all new players to try out first.All in all, my first review had to be for this game becuase this game is f*ing awesome.Remember though, this is not CS:GO or CoD... This is kind of a milsim and has some realism to it.. If its not your thing, there are other titles."
,Recommended,496240,25316446,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Braedon,"Onward is a tactical military FPS and is one of the best VR titles to date, has proper locomotion and I had no motion sickness playing it. Very realistic and works well in VR."
,Recommended,496240,27864205,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ransom,"Onward is the game that justifies, to me, the cost of the computer I built to run my Vive. I haven't played another VR game since I bought this. Whenever I have guests over and do VR demos or let friends play, I do not show them this game. Not because its difficult, but because I don't want them to beg to play week after week. I like my friends, but I like Onward more (sorry guys, you know I love you, but... gtfo so I can play).I wear knee pads when I play to try and keep my knees from falling apart while I duck behind cover. This is as close as the home gamer can get to a VR combat sim without enlisting.The community is pretty good, and the game is very, very stable for being this early in the development cycle. It is a work in progress but I am dying to see where it goes from here. Worth every penny."
76561198084148988,Recommended,496240,26273435,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,wetstone,"f you're a little bit old school and played flashpoint and are a Arma nut freak this game is for you. I actually hung up my vive for about a month, then discover this game was out and gave it a shot. When i fired it up and got into the shooting range I got goosebumps!It's a 4v4 MP Mil-sim vr game that is fun as hell. I'm playing it on a i-7 4777k/970 and runs pretty dang smooth. I slightly get motion sickness and this game will throw you off a little if you are facing right and move left. Easily avoidable.  Aiming,reloading and switching weapons has a learning curve but can be masterd in a few hours game play.After messing around in the shooting range you will want to get into the MP action. That first game will be pure adrenaline. you wont know what to do and people will be counting on your help. I wish i could feel that feeling every game!This game has some serious potential if the Dev continues to pursue bug fixes and more content. And yes I did say Dev as in singular. This whole game has been developed and produced by one young man as far as I have read.My best advice is to buy the game(it's worth it big time if you like mil-sim games) watch the online tutorial a few times spend about an hour in the range getting familiar with every thing. Then its time to hit the MP and crack some heads. See you on the battlefield!!!P.S.   Controller stock makes this game waaaay more fun!!!"
76561197962693856,Recommended,496240,25281835,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,NeoKarn,Really hope this developer get the money to really flesh out the development of this game.  Potentailly this is Vives counterstrike.Needs De_dust2
76561198315509179,Recommended,496240,25245112,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Mafioso89,Its got the complexity of H3VR with the visceral fun of Battledome.
76561197970332537,Recommended,496240,28896340,Posted: 1 January,all,Darkeh,The most fun I've had since playing Counter Strike for the first time about 18 years ago.10/10Would play hide and seek again.
76561198085955390,Recommended,496240,25279997,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Mixologist ツ,"Hard learning curve, high skill ceiling and no teleporting. No motion sickness. All I could ever ask for in a VR FPS. It is very team based and small decisions can make a big difference. 10/10"
,Recommended,496240,30739054,Posted: 25 March,all,Anarki,"This game so insanely fun!  Without the usual push-to-talk option, players are encouraged more so than usual to talk to each other, be it in the lobby waiting for the game to start, while next to each other in-game, or over the radio in-game.  Rememeber though - If your team can hear you talking and the enemy is close enough to you, they can hear you talking too!Once you've selected your loadout for the current map and team composition and the map loads, you have 16 seconds to discuss tactics with your team, or - as a lot of people seem to do - just fire at each other and throw grenades because you don't take damage during this time.  Once the 16 seconds is up, you have 6 minutes to either capture the objective (involving going to a small satellite dish and using your tablet to input a code, while avoiding getting your face shot off and teabagged while you're down), defend the objective (depending on which team you are on for that round, which is switched after each round), or just take out the opposing team before they have the chance to complete their objective or take you and your team out.The gameplay itself is very immersive, with accurate feeling bullet drop and other gunnery mechanics.  When the time comes to reload, you have to eject your mag, reach to your spare mag (if you have one), grab it and put it into the gun, and then♥♥♥♥♥♥the gun before you can fire again - Or you can switch to your other gun or even a knife if you don't have time to reload or just want to feel like a badass rambo player.This is by far the most fun game I've played in a VERY long time, and it's always been because of the players that you come across; sure you always get the team killers, and trolls, and those guys that go AFK as soon as a match starts, but the vast majority are willing to work together, and enjoy having a laugh.  Highly recommend for anybody wanting to have fun in VR, especially if you want to play with HTC Vive and Oculus Rift players alike."
,Recommended,496240,28414920,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Zhaka,Best game in VR. One of my few VR games among a hundred plus that I own that I have 80+ hours in.
76561198047129000,Recommended,496240,25261942,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Killer Pigeon,"10/10 with a Badass Seal of ApprovalIf you've been dreaming of the ultimate military simulator, this is the real deal. This game is the most immersive & perfect game for the VIVE period. Honestly I have not been this addicted to a game sinceHalo 2, COD 4, and BBC 2. This is definitive Steam VR killer app. Buy this game now! You won't regret it no bs. The players & support is needed to make this already amazing game more successfull. The guns feel great, the immersion is spectacular, and the tactical realistic strategy is real with this one. We need to show the gaming industry this is want we want. Not Call of Duty 100000000000000000000 Infinite Warfare..."
76561198078923352,Not Recommended,496240,31927805,Posted: 23 May,all,Lavos5181,"Is this cracked up to be as everyone says it is. With out a doubt yes. It is very immersive and if you get paired up with a team the works well with each other it is amazing. Every time you get a kill you feel great about yourself. The reason as stated by many the learning curve can be steep. But do not let that discourge you at all. I have not had any problems with FPS myself but I am running a 1080 ATM so I can not say for lower end cards. But there is one thing that has stopped me from playing this game untile♥♥♥♥♥is fixed. When you first enter the game they ask you for your height. the lowest you can go on the hieght if i remeber right is 5'6"" or 5'7"". Now for me being a smaller person even when i put the setting at the lowest height it will always count as I am crouching. Which means I can not run at all, just crouch walk every where which is pretty slow pace. untile they can fix the height requirement part I would not recommend getting this game if you are shorter then the height requirment."
76561198086194844,Recommended,496240,25506173,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,David Byrne's Shoulder Pads,"I don't care how janky this murder sim is, I sure love it.You know me, just love killin.Here I go killin' again."
,Recommended,496240,32219250,Posted: 6 June,all,Elyrien Valkyr,"This stands out as one of the only ACTUAL games for the Vive VR, even a year after its commercial release. On top of that, its actually pretty good. The general concept is that its counter strike mixed with Arma in VR. It takes some time to get used to, but if you have a VR, this is an absolute must have to really experience what VR is like. Almost every control is intuitive, and the gear you have is pretty much spot on to realism, with the exception of the Ipad map, but thats alright. Everything from reloading weapons, to pulling items from your Molle vest and using your radio, everything is intuitive and well done. The only limitation to this game is the fact it was made by one person.Just dont grab the LMG when you play, you'll be useless."
76561197961212854,Recommended,496240,28411013,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Snookums,This is basically the equivalent of counter-strike about 17 years ago in VR....great idea..a very rough cut...but damn is it awesome. still a great community which will change as soon as this game becomes mainstream...which i really hope it will become despite that.Expect an Early Access gem that will blow your mind if you are into military action like me.I found that this game actually asks a lot of your PC so beware of some slowdown in a match if you are touching the minimum specs like me.Works great for Oculus rift btw.
76561198097641030,Recommended,496240,25245441,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Decapper,The hype it's all true. Dam check out my other reviews I call a spade a spade. Grab this now. Game changer. Only a quarter baked and still the best game ever! If you like cs even slightly you are going to love this. Stop freakin reading and get inside so I can kill you!
,Recommended,496240,29728788,Posted: 5 February,all,Crazyi,I think this is the best VR game currently out. I have so much fun playing this!
76561198030392645,Recommended,496240,26347669,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,GusMan06,"If you have a VR headset. Then you don't want to miss this!!!It's truly somthing elsePlaying it feels a bit more like a recreational activity then a gameTheres a learning curve that you will enjoy learning, especially if you like gunsI'm still learning 10 hours and it's a blastThis game is still in development, but I wouldn't recommend waiting, there's more then enough content for the time being and improvemnts are constantly being made, new maps, new guns, tweaks. Get in there and have some fun"
,Recommended,496240,26516848,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Krayne89,This game has me so intrigued and i am watching its development closely.It has so many great ideas like:-The radio on your shoulder to communicate with teammates outside of your proximity chat radius.-The suppression system! The screen goes darker as shots hit walls around you.It naturally makes you find cover.so much more too.It has a large varity of weapons and optional attachments for each one. Ammo types tooNot to mention options like body armour or nightvision etc.13 hours playtime at this point and its a vive game i pick first and i am excited for its future.I hope Downpour interactive bring in some sort of single player experience aswell.Like infiltration type missions or sniper missions where you can find your own spot.Some way to try out all the guns in the shooting range without having to leave and load back in would be good too.Probably already in the works...anywayAwesome game so far keep up the good work.
76561197970905557,Recommended,496240,25390233,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Woulff,"This is it.  Ground zero for VR Tactical Military FPS.  I've been playing FPS since Wolfenstein, Doom, Quake, etc.  My favorites have been the likes of ARMA, Rainbow Six: Raven Shield, SWATT 3.  Old school and unforgiving for Rambo style players.This is now my favorite.For me, this not something I can play for hours and hours.  I have to take it in chunks like 30 to 60 minutes, wipe the sweat away, take a break, clear my head, hug my wife and kids, and then head back in.It feels like most players take it serious (I hope it stays that way).  There are moments when you can't help but laugh out loud because of something that was said or a position someone was in while retrieving their tablet from a certain place.I was last man alive, had the enemy pinned, and botched it all when I dropped a grenade at my feet.  Even though I messed up, everyone had a great time with it including myself.  I suppose, it is the fact that, in reality, we were all still physically alive wherever we were playing from and chalked it up as a lesson learned.Very few games display the true need for planning, cooperation, teamwork, and tactics.  I enjoy this whether it is the gratifying reward of a successful mission or the painful sting of defeat."
,Recommended,496240,33116090,Posted: 1 July,all,EndangeredProdigy,"Simply the best VR experience I have had so far.  If you have a VR headset, this is a MUST BUY!"
76561198014344003,Recommended,496240,25325362,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Viix ☭,Amazing gameTotaly worth it's priceThe first game for htc vive that make the htc vive worth buying
,Recommended,496240,32003396,Posted: 27 May,all,Aurane,"I RECOMMEND SINCE THERE IS NO NEUTRAL REVIEW OPTIONAs a fan of Arma, I wish they will add more strategic gameplay in the future. Now this game is basically 4 vs 4 on relatively small maps. It is enjoyable, but it's more like COD for the VR, rather than an actual mil sim."
,Recommended,496240,25244696,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Blue Monkey,Buy this game! without a doubt one of the best Vr experiences out there!
,Recommended,496240,25276209,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,maxiebabe,"Quick and easy review: Amazing game. Get it if you have the Vive.Longer review: Game had issues the first day of launch but this is from a single developer and he already has released a fix for this. Many AAA title games are released at launch and are still borked weeks later, so kudos to him and I have no regrets in spending money on this.Movement I thought was going to be an issue as I sometimes get the vr ickyness when playing some other games, but I do not know how he has managed this voodoo magic but in the 3 hours I have currently played not a single moment of ""nope"" has hit me.Get a good group of people playing who are willing to sit in the lobby and talk whilst waiting for another game to start and it just works well. Then when a new game starts you know you are playing with a bunch of adults who are not after a twitch reaction COD style game and instead know that teamwork and communication will win out.Conclusion: Stop reading this, buy the game, talk to others in the lobby and have a blast."
,Recommended,496240,25325479,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,troublehoff,"I never write reviews, but for this game I'll make an exception.Put simply, this game proves that a full FPS can work, and work stunningly well in VR. There are hordes of FPS fanatics out there just waiting to jump on board and make this type of game the next big thing. This type of game is going to sell VR to the hardcore gaming comunity and bring economy of scale to VR hardware which will start a revolution in VR akin to adoption of smartphones or tablets.The most fun I've had in this game was actually in the shooting ranges, running back to back pistol duels, and fighting small pistol skirmishes in the plywood mockup areas, but the game itself is also very rewarding. As there are no respawns, you may find yourself spending extended periods of time waiting in the lobby, which can be frustrating, but this is a minor gripe considering that the game is early access with many modes and customisiations still in the pipeline.The human and social aspect of this game is pretty powerful, and interpolation between leg animations and realtime human upper body movement are something special making everying feel very human and real, adding to immersion.The developer has done an excelent job with both animation and locomotion.If you like Counter Strike, SOCOM or Rainbow Six then buy this now."
,Recommended,496240,25287162,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ЩĄ | pdgrizzles,"and this is why I have a Vive...I'll keep this short although this game is so incridible and game changing even more so than any other VR game I own, I'll just say that this game is define my gameplay over the next year tops, nothing, nothing I have comes close to the feeling of the online battles with real people, being pinned down by someone real shooting at me, in my own room feering for my life and docking and crawling from danger. This game needs to be owned by you period. I have owned a vive since the 1st shipment, and I already have almost more hours than any other vive game if the over 50 I have installed and will surely be my go too for months and months to comeThe online is still really populatedthe bugs are only a big problem in these first few days, the dev for this game is super passionate and will fix the problems any negative reviews are on and on aboutstop thinking, click buy now"
,Not Recommended,496240,26233367,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,madamadam14,"I am 5 foot 4 and the game always thinks I am  crouching this for me has really made the game hard for me and players dont want to play with me because I will ""get them killed"" if I walk at a snails pace...  also I notice allot of  jittering every now again I hope you fix these because I want to play this game but the having to be  taller  to sprint has really ruined it for me I would like to give this a better rating I cant reccomend  this game in its current state..."
76561197964963761,Recommended,496240,25716060,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Potentaint,Threw a grenade at a guy waiting for me down the stairs in the subway and shattered the glass dome of my girlfriend's ceiling fan into a thousand pieces.10/10 would almost slice my wrist in half for this kind of immersion again
,Recommended,496240,28146673,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Joofey Gooberson,"I'm so glad I purchased this game. Right now in a thunderous sea of wave shooters and quirky puzzle games I craved something more familiar. I have played CSGO, ARMA and every Battlefield game out there and I was a little disappointed when I looking through the store when I got my Vive. Luckily I stumbled upon this!This game really puts you into the fray of battle and has you contemplate suicide when your entire team is dead and your just waiting for one of those guys walking around your building to just storm in. Now I say ""has you contemplate suicide"" as a good thing. Onward is quite tactical and very immersive, to the point that my nerves get the best of my during the tense ""eye of the storm moments"" right before a battle.What has me so thrilled about this game is the fact that they do not skimp out once on the opportunity to implement the immersive qualities VR has to offer.Draw my rifle off my chest (were I chose to have it holstered in game options)Fire wildly into the air at beginning of match (I shouldn't have to explain why)Eject the magazineTake new mag off my belt and load it into the gunRack the bullet (different based off of gun model)Realize my team is no longer with me (See earlier bullets)Team talks to me through talkies on their shoulder (I don't realize it's on my shoulder till later)Enemy sneaks up on me and empties nothingness into my chest (My guess is that he followed steps 1 & 2 and didn't bother reloading)I light the guy up (giggling like a little girl)AT THAT MOMENT I REALIZE WHERE THE TALKIE IS BECAUSE I CAN HEAR HIS TEAM FROM HIS SHOULDERI then describe in full detail how their team mate was killed and how they are nextI'm sniped for screwing around with a dead guys walkie talkie (I deserved it)Made you lookThis game is everything I wanted it to be."
76561198083915002,Recommended,496240,25297802,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,AxeonPrime,"Best Vr game out! Also only one of its kind.Yes its buggy, yes theres not much there, but it makes up in experience. Its like playing airsoft in your home.I love it and want to see it grow."
76561197981190349,Recommended,496240,25988834,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Kash,"TLDR possibly the best gaming experience ive had, ever. Get it or your missing out on the VR shooter that makes it worth having a vive.Once you actually know what all the controlls are, everything feels very intuitive, as your actions mimic what your character would do in any non vr fps game or what you would do to operate the guns IRL.I have not experienced ANY motionsickness at all in over 50 hours, after the first couple of hours the movement system feels natural and the odd feeling you have the first time you boot it up dies off. The only thing that still feels wierd is going up stairs, but maby thats just me.For a game where the entire dev team is one guy (at the time of writing) it really makes you wonder what would happen if this guy had the kind of money a tripleA dev throws at every carbon copy game they make.This game is an experience, let yourself be absorbed into it and the first time a bullet whizzes past your face you will probably♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants and drop to the floor out of instinct it is fantastic.The comunity is as a general rule very mature and more than willing to explain the basics to the new guy, just ask and people will explain everything.Hurry up, go get it, i need more targets."
76561198065644999,Recommended,496240,25461214,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,CloudAsylum,i just got this game 2 days ago and its already longest played game since i got the vive months ago. it is amazing and as frustrating as any fps multiplayer game. maps are decent. using 2 hands to aim feels weird as ♥♥♥♥ at first but you actually get used to it quick. and never got motion sickness and this is the first game (with sliding movement) that didnt. DEFINITELY worth the money. i would like to see a new game mode or 2 though.
,Recommended,496240,29174744,Posted: 10 January,all,ToMoS1080,"Short version - I cant speak for occulus touch owners but if you have a Vive you absolutely must buy this game as soon as possible. Fantastic game and one I'll come back to again and again, because this actually feels like a game. Not the same scripted event to replay, and not an overblown tech demo. I really regret not buying this sooner.Long version -Let me just begin by congratulating the (SINGULAR) developer Dante, who I do not know personally, on creating an absolutely fantastic VR title, and in my opinion solving the locomotion problem for VR in general. Other games should be taking notes of the way touchpad movement is implemented in this game. Again, I totally regret not getting this game on release because its just so damn good and has all the replayability of a conventional couch first person shooter x10. The VR experience just adds something unquantifiable to the shooter genre, as with all VR games you just have to play it to believe it i'm afraid.To me, the best feature of the game, and definately the most important thing in VR for the tech to have some staying power, is how player locomotion is handled, it's what will elevate the countless numbers of wave shooters, teleportation type games and chapter based stories to a level where a game is not only engaging in the virtual reality sense, but is also capable of letting the player explore a living breathing world by themselves in a more natural way, and better draw the player in to a deep, rich narrative, because the player got there by themselves, they weren't placed there to watch a scripted scene run its course.Now, just to be clear i'm not saying that this game has any of those things, i'm sorry if I've mislead but this is a tactical multiplayer shooter that has its sights firmly on the milsim enthusiasts rather than the call of duty, arcade shooter type players. However, I think every kind of fps lover will adore this game. There is no story to be found here, (expect the epic and equally hilarious moments you'll want to tell anyone that will listen) it's purely a multiplayer shooter. But the foundation this game is built on, the locomotion, is fundamental to this game for it to work, and revolutionary for VR games going forward. Before now, touchpad controlled locomotion felt like such an inelegant way to solve the problem i honestly didn't think it possible for me to fully enjoy a game with such controls. But holy crap, Dante has nailed it. Here's why -Before the Vive released I was following it's development intently, and despite a major concern of motion sickness, (Which I'm not great with) I preordered anyway and hoped for the best. I'd never experienced any VR before, and was so happy to find it didn't have me immediately being thrown out of the experience by making me feel sick. Admittedly, after maybe 40 minutes to an hour I needed a break from it, and over time I feel I've built up a pretty strong stomach when it comes to VR. In the beginning, I felt some games were just too much to handle, such as Windlands, which I can now play with relative comfort. Feeling fairly confident I could now handle the touchpad controlled locomotion of onward, I purchased the game. When I tried the game for the first time, i had a friend round who had never experienced any VR before that day. Project Cars and Elite Dangerous both made him feel a little queasy, so after I'd played a few rounds of onward and passed the Vive to him I was expecting the movement to throw him straight away. He said it felt weird...once. After that, he never mentioned it again other than to say he'd quickly got used to it, and not once did it make him feel sick. I'm sure that any VR owners, whether they have an iron stomach or not will appreciate how huge that is for VR. Honestly, when i'd played a round in complete comfort it was like a eureka moment, like this was the gamechanger I'd been waiting for whilst getting a little bored of wave shooters and other simplistic and non innovative ways of designing VR games.For me personally, the key is having the touchpad direction controlled separately to the looking direction. Games where that is not the case, and you move forward only with the pad but control direction by looking totally throw me, it feels like the floor is being pulled out from under you and you're being dragged along. Totally unnatural and completely removes you from the experience. Because you are able to glance over your shoulder whilst knowing in advance which direction your body will travel feels so much more natural. For me, an absolute game changer.Okay, wow. Locomotion aside, here's other great reasons to buy.It is one of the most pleasant online experiences I've had on any game, across every platform I've ever played. Everyone is there to have a blast and its such great fun. I've also found that anyone who goes against the friendly atmosphere is ignored or voted to be kicked, usually with things like insulting other players. Things like teamkills are usually forgiven with laughter because the game is so much fun. It's like being in the same room as players as you see their character bent over in hysterics when something funny happens, and it just adds another level of immersion when you see something like that, hearing an actual persons laughter whilst seeing their actual bodily reaction in real time when they can be from another continent is so strange, like skyping someone inside a tron like world.Having all your gear attached to your body, once you have understood what individual buttons on the controllers are for, leads to an extremely intuitive experience, weapons function as you would expect, as does all other equipment, meaning you are able to guess how you access and control tools and features, and because you must manually reload weapons yourself instead of hitting a reload button these are a very natural feeling process as well. It also adds an extra level of pressure and calculation to your game, the pressure of being caught short by an enemy whilst reloading as it is no longer a scripted and predictable event, and the calculation the player must make before reloading as to whether it is worth  being personally vulnerable and also being unable to help teammates versus having a few extra bullets in your magazine.No HUD means a much more immersive and realistic experience.The attention to detail is phenomenal, you may try to trip the developer up by testing certain gun's functions versus their real life counterparts, and it seems he has thought of everything. Things like being able to see a bullet in the chamber, being able to empty a pistol by cocking the slide enough times, one in the chamber when you've ejected a full/partially full mag, releasing a locked back slide before loading a magazine means there is nothing in the chamber, and being able to powerstroke pistols are but a few great details that I can think of that are so impressive and prevent you from being pulled out of the experience.A damn solid multiplayer experience. Even without the fact its VR i would play this conventionally on a monitor.Finally, a VR game i really want to come back to again and again, because this actually feels like a game, not the same scripted event to replay, and not an overblown tech demo."
,Recommended,496240,25356921,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,kwmx,"Can't say much that hasn't been said. This is the only VR game that I play never noticing that time flew. When you play with teams that are using their comms you just have a blast as everything gets tactical and fun and a lot of player have working mics and like working together.Now as for the gameplay the game has some bugs but none of them has kept me from coming back over and over again and will still keep on playing. The controls don't feel weird they just are smooth. Performance needs a lot of work but the developers seem to be trying their best to keep the game updated and fixing errors reported. This is so far the best VR experience. It is a fun game and you will find yourself shouting, dogging, going up and down and peaking just trying to stay alive.Again a truly fun game and even thought I have been keeping myself away from Early Access games. This one I'm glad I bought and helped support it"
,Recommended,496240,29688266,Posted: 4 February,all,BigDaddyMacc,is a must game to have when owning a vr!! its only alpha so you can expect bugs ect  but still it give you this realism that no other shooting game have given.
76561197971971358,Recommended,496240,28416889,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,cougar,"I got bored of vr, a lor of fun experience, but not much replayability, then my brother show me Onward, and well, i think this is one of the best game on vr for now.Full of nice people, and if you find the match with people that like to comunicate and do team work is a great experience.Weapons system is really great, the locomotion is also great, you just have to get used to it, don't be discouraged if you get a little dizzy at first, is worth keep trying, now i'm able to play for 2-3 hours straight without nausea.I highly reccomend to go on supersampling, it help a lot to spot enemy across the map, i have a gtx 1080 clocked @ 2ghz and i can go on 1.6 supersampling, and it run smooth.Dev is doing a great job with update, and listen a lot to the community.For me is a Must Have if you own a HTC Vive."
,Recommended,496240,25332588,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,GonzoPR,Awesome! One day when we have higher resolution panels a game like this will shine.Best VR game i've played so far.
,Recommended,496240,25280595,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Azua,"This is the single best purchase I have made other than buying the Vive in the first place. To imagine the talent to design, and the love of the project this single programmer has. I am so glad that I am supporting him, and can only hope that he is able to sell this to a AAA for millions so that he can keep designing more of these excellent games. This game is what I invisioned when I imagined owning VR goggles. You get lost in the place you are fighting, don't notice until the end of the match that you have been jumping on the floor skinning you knees. Kudos, I will be a loyal supporter or this designer for life."
,Recommended,496240,29555154,Posted: 28 January,all,Blood & Beer,"This game finally validated my Vive purchase. This is seriously a new level of fun for me. Incredibly tight controls, gets locomotion almost perfect in VR. Biggest seller: people communicate. Only negative I can come up with is that I have actually ran into some cheaters somehow. Very odd to see people cheat in VR, but also very obvious (running faster than Usain Bolt etc). If possible use supersampling, playing the larger maps it's difficult to distinguish friend from foe and SS seems to help with that."
,Recommended,496240,25606976,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,dannyhefc69,"By far the best game on the vive, its actually a game (finally) with endless replay value. If you was like me and your vive was syarting to collect dust due to no games ""ow look a trump pinata"" or ""great another 4 min long game"" you need to get onwards. Its give me faith in my vive purchase again"
76561198299776310,Recommended,496240,25496795,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,zzmony,"This is now my go to game for the vive, so addictive.  It has a few bugs but the game play is so good, so realistic. I never write reviews but for this product I am glad to.  Buy it, you won't regret it!!"
,Recommended,496240,29931793,Posted: 14 February,all,Isaac_HoZ,"I urge you to check out the video review as I go over even more about what makes Onward awesome https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvHv1ET7wYMRegardless of how old you are, there's a good chance you've dove deep into a first person shooter at some point. Even if you're well versed in the realm of PC M+KB shooters, you really haven't come close to the kind of freedom Onward provides you with your actions. Now, thanks to the Vive (or Oculus Touch if you swing that way) you're awarded the ability to be in a virtual war like never before.Now you get to duck for cover while under fire. You fumble with this new gun you never picked before now, cursing the day you ever thought you liked the Aug. You say ""♥♥♥♥ it,"" standing up off of your living room floor while gripping your side arm. You move Onward blasting at the man dressed in black. He disappears behind a bush and you ready yourself to finish him... Victory appears in front of you. You won the round and saved the day. Not with mouse clicks and key presses, but by literally pointing that glock at that dude’s face. Onward is littered with moments like this that would be just another “meh” kill in Call of Duty or whatever into a heart pumping battle to the ♥♥♥♥ing death.It’s really great, guys.The biggest downside is that there's some downtime between rounds, though that should motivate you to try hard to not get shot, stabbed or blown up. You also need your VR legs (while also not being susceptible to motion sickness) to handle the movement.  I barely count this as a negative because the game is early and thus constantly in flux but there is some annoying glitches and rough edges here and there. Certainly nothing game breaking though or anything that would stay my excitement for Onward. Some would also classify the steeper-than-average learning curve as a negative but personally I find that to make it all the more rewarding when you finally do start kicking♥♥♥♥♥regularly.Onward is arguably the best shooter in VR right now and anyone even vaguely interested in seeing how this genre has progressed -- as well as a glimpse into the future of what other VR FPS's can offer -- needs to give it a shot. It's damn fun, damn rewarding, and damn worth your money."
76561198297391123,Recommended,496240,33116022,Posted: 1 July,all,Jabbadabadu,If you have VR then this is the FPS to get. It's a reason to buy VR in the first place. There's always a game going in the lobby; I've owned Onward since March 2017 and have yet to log on and find no-one. The community is positive and healthy. For me this game is as much as a social event as it is a game. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,496240,30632465,Posted: 20 March,all,Xenon,I've killed quite a few teammates since I started playing this.No one insulted me for doing so.Great community.
,Recommended,496240,32947461,Posted: 28 June,all,Ataberk Ates,"Onward is a really great game with a bunch of great people playing it. You really feel the battlefield with this one.But game is on early stages, it has no AI bots or ranking system.My wishlist for the future :- Ranking and level system.- Customizing your player and weapon.( More weapon and attachments of course.)- Room scene to change. ( I know unity so ı know that we are in a plane with a tent model =D . It would be awesome to see other players in the tent too. )- More game modes.- A single player campaign with a solo tactical gamemode. ( Or it could be a gamemode itself not a campaign, where you just spawned in a map and try to take out hostiles.Anyway, i hope gamedev keep supporting it because this game is the best mil-sim i played so far."
76561197984055298,Recommended,496240,31691832,Posted: 11 May,all,Thomas Anderson,"We failed the objective 45 seconds into the round. Out of dishonor, my teammate and I shot ourselves in the head.12/10 IGNWould dishonor again."
,Recommended,496240,25347355,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Freshmeatuk,"This is thee! must have game! for the Vive if your in to FPS like Arma/Squad/CS..I wanted to get a few hours in befor i reviewed, 20 hours in and i just cant get enough,The wepon models physics are great and only passed by H3s (Onward and H3 Devs parenter up i beg you)the whole way that you activate your nightvision goggles medic your injured squad members to the way you move is very Next Gen VR ( id say) Having to grab the radio on your shoulder to talk is just out the box thinking, the proximity voice is great as wellSneeking in to the Village making my way to a roof top to give cover support is just a great feeling observing your squad move to the objective keeping them informed, watching the windows from my scope your heart beats fast!!Pros: Squad play/many wepons to choose from/attachments/Grenades/voice/movment system/tactics/Multiplayer/great commuinityCons: (as its still in alpha im not going to pick it apart but a few things)Map sounds are so loud you can sometimes not hear anything/no regional servers/ there is other stuff but the way the game is right now is playable for hours on endFor the future i hope to see more wepons/maps & Stats"
76561197969565215,Recommended,496240,25270265,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,BigBlue45,This game is amazing!  It is the best and most immersive VR I've experienced to date.  The movement feels natural and hasn't given me the slightest bit of motion sickness.  The controls take some time to learn so I'd recommend watching the youtube tutorial before starting the game and mess around on the shooting range before jumping into multiplayer.  People have been really friendly and helpful in multiplayer matches as well.I'd recommend either buying or making a rifle stock out of PVC as it helps with aiming quite a bit and adds to the immersions. Overall this game is already great and will only get better in the future.  I would pay double what they're charging.
76561197972032192,Recommended,496240,25260382,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Razz,"This is the VR game everyone who bout a Vive has been wating for. It is very much an early access game, but it is already heeps of fun, and aslong as the developers dont abbandon it, this may be the first AAA game on the vive."
,Recommended,496240,27315843,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Grinn,"Probably the most intense and captivating VR game I've played. The movement, while potentially sickening, is amazingly immersive. Once you're in the middle of a fight, it all feels second nature.As with nearly all VR games, your experience will greatly depend on a steady frame rate, and DI seems to have been working hard on optimization, and it's been getting better and better.Gunplay and inventory management (all weapons and gear are mounted on your body) has a completely different feel than anything else I've played, and will really pull you in to the game world.I do suggest a large play area with little to no obstructions in your way, as you will be moving around a lot and will likely easily forget about your surroundings soon after a fight breaks out.As for negatives, what with the nature of the Vive, screendoor effect is strong here and will effect your long range battles. Doubly so when looking through a scope.Overall the game offers something that I've yet to see in any other game, let alone any other VR game. If you can handle the movement controls, and have the play area for it, I consider this a must buy for Vive owners, and even a strong reason to pick up a Vive if you've been on the fence, and this kind of game strikes your interest."
,Recommended,496240,26079357,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,LeChuck,"So much fun playing this game in the past few days, the game is in early stages but I think it's still totally worth it.I love the locomotion, I'd like to see it in pretty much every VR shooter from now on. Takes a few minutes to get used to, but it's way better than teleporting in my opinion.I usually don't care about multiplayer games, but multiplayer in VR is just on another level. Even with the crude animations and IK issues it still feels like you are with another person next to you. Also, most of the people I've played with have been very nice and really fun."
76561198077405876,Recommended,496240,25737343,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Doodlebug,"Great game!Pros:VR aspect makes community very kind and willing to help any new players.Realistic and immersive maps makes you think carefully about your movements and that you don’t just go balls deep like in CODFor only 8 minutes of your time, you can learn everything you need to know about how to play the game.Practice range give you a good feel for the game.Every kill is extremely satisfying.Game is already very good and I can see a lot of ways that it can improve even more!Cons: (I’m quite stingy here)Although I said that the community is nice, once (only once) I ran into a guy that had 0 patience and got frustrated with noobs when he had 40 hours.Guns could benefit with having specs and descriptions in loadout. Like, do I know if the sniper is a one shot kill to the chest with AP? (I think so?)Only one game mode. A more casual skirmish game mode or even single player would help new players get used to the games mechanics much quicker.Dying early leaves you with a long wait.Hard to identify whether or not the guy in the distance is a friendly or enemy.Two handed guns are difficult to handle due to no stock option for vive controllers.All in all the cons list may be long, but I assume these will be fixed. Even leaving the cons list as it is, the game is well worth it! Each round is different so repeatability is non-existent."
76561198002599644,Recommended,496240,30803023,Posted: 28 March,all,maucapoeira,"Absolutely amazing game! Very creative and fun to play, seriously cannot wait until further updates!!! Keep up the work mate!This game is an absolute must to own! LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,496240,25256416,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,THEEBEARDEDBARD ®,"Waitied up untill midnight and downloaded onward...fast forward 6 minutes.. im in a match with 7 other people 4 of which played the earlier betas they took us all to the center of the map (both teams) and showed us how to use everything how to run etc... I had so much fun I stayed up until 4am and only quit because I felt my work life depended on it. I have over 30 hours on Raw Data and can easily see myself spending double that here. Nowhere else can i spend 25 bucks and get that much joy,Great Job Dante you are an innovator..a gamer...one of us...and we all bow our heads in respect."
76561198343189122,Recommended,496240,30765646,Posted: 26 March,all,phatboysh,"Onward was the reason I bought a VR system nearly 6 months ago, and did not dissapoint. It is easily one of the best VR games available -- however the update frequency needs to improve -- which it should as the development team has grown from one dev to several.Servers are always full of many players.If the game were to never update again, it is still a must have (without question)."
,Recommended,496240,29024804,Posted: 4 January,all,A$AP Dice,"If you get only one VR game, this is the game to get."
,Recommended,496240,25272538,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Stulander,"If you like Squad, PR, Insurgency or ARMA, then buy this game.That's all you need to know."
76561197983528456,Recommended,496240,25290242,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,whiteFOX.MistaX32 [YA],"If you like FPS genre then there is no other option: you must buy this and support this.Going back to keyboard and mouse FPS will be hard after trying this.I have a GTX780 and really need to look into upgrading but I am having a great time non the less.I had to turn off re-projection on Vive settings to prevent the black flickering I used to get when the FPS dropped.In theory without re-projection the FPS should be less constant and thus make you more prone to motion sickness but I'll take that any day over the black stutter that freezes everything.Upgrading my hardware in the future should ease this anyways.As far as the game goes, top notch! Love the the way you interact with the world and your gear."
76561198045378394,Recommended,496240,26515769,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,LazyFerret,"Most immersive game I've played on my VIVE: this is a tactical fps game, if you want a run 'n gun game this is not what you are looking for.In this game you have a complete ""realistic"" interaction with your equipment, you need to remove mags from your weapons, c.ock them, push a button to speak on radio, remove pins from granades, etc.There is plenty of customization in the lobby: you can choose from different classes, main guns, weapon attachments, granades, pistols and equipments (like vests or night vision goggles).The game is similar to Counter Strike, there are 2 teams: one defending and one attacking, there are no respawns but you get to play different rounds.Movement is done by using the touchpad of the controllers and works really well, no motion sickness at all.If you are camping in a building and hear some voices be careful: they might be enemies close to you! Exactly, you can hear them speak and so can they. I usually sneak behind them and start shouting and scare them literally to death ;)The developer (Dante) is really good at it's job: he keeps updating the game by adding balance, fixes, new weapons and maps.This game is really a must have.I'm playing with an amd r9 390 and an i5 2500k @ 4.5 GHz, no issues, totally playable."
76561197972377762,Recommended,496240,25328250,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Jesus,This is the kind of game that I am looking for in VR. The realism is there
76561197970951932,Recommended,496240,25423105,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Traiden,"This may be literally the best and most engaging game out there on the Vive right now.Just got off a 2 hour session where everyone wasn't running around, we were working as a team. People would call positions, we would spot enemies together, cover certain spots. It was amazing.The VOIP makes the game perfect because you don't have to pause to think about what you need to type, you just say. You can even use hand signals as the body animations are awesome.Can't wait to play 8v8 in the game. It is incredible."
76561197970685845,Recommended,496240,25361964,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Cpt L3mm1ng,"This game is so much fun, it's unbelievable one guy is making this.I have more fun in this than call of duty, so intense and the team play is awesome.Some glitches and areas for more polish, but overall amazing!Only thing I would say, is the positional audio maybe needs some improvement, I find it very difficult to pick what direction anything is coming from, but maybe that's just me."
,Recommended,496240,25366429,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Jamie,"I don't want to admit it but this game might be my best VR experience yet.While it does have its bugs and glitches (which are all getting fixes quickly), I have had some of the best experiences in VR in my short time playing this game.100% recommend, even while it is in alpha!"
,Recommended,496240,26014545,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,JBox88,"I've onlyhad a chance to play this game for a little over an hour thus far, but I have to say right now ""WOW"".I've tried a few FPS(s) with the VR already, and this one is by far the best, even with the bugs and optimization issues. The multiplayer is a blast, just messing around in the shooting range is a blast, movement is decent, and there is nothing better than grabbing your knife and stabbing someone!I hope Valve picks this up with the dev currently working on it and gives them the budget to keep this going even faster. I would love to see not just the optimization but more game modes!"
76561198003800493,Recommended,496240,25254945,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,baldingbadger83,"Some kind of offline training would be great. Also, changing your control settings during gameplay would be nice. So far I really like what you're doing and look forward to more. Nice work."
76561197964980690,Recommended,496240,25667319,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,TasteTheRambo,"This is the best vive game!!! Everyone that owns a vive should get this game.You might get motion sickness when you just started playing, but that goes away pretty quickly."
76561197968810219,Recommended,496240,25339887,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Kirin,"Onward is a glimpse into the future of gaming. The VR implementation is nearly perfect. No artificial commands, everything works as you would expect it from real live. Want to use your night vision goggles? Just pull them down on your face. Need to reload? Dispense the magazine, grab a new one from your belt and put it into the gun. And don't forget to chamber the round if needed. Need to crouch? So do it. Want to stabilize your aim and give a minimal target? Don't be shy to lie on the floor.The gameplay itself is still rudimentary. 2 modes, 4 maps. The graphics are unpolished but very usable. It's the first of its kind on the first iteration of the hardware. The sound is suprisingly well done and very important in the game. Multiplayer has a lot more players atm than Hover Junkers for example. Waiting times are minimal (GMT +1, Sat evening experiencce).Despite the pre-VR movement controls and lack of teleport there is no motion sickness. Somehow the devs pulled it off. After a few minutes you adjust to movement via the trackpad of your off hand. There are still some glitches while moving over obstables and such but it works brilliantly for the most part.All in all Onward is the best FPS shooter experience you can have in VR right now. And it really makes me long for its successor on the next generation of hardware - because then I won't play anything else anymore."
,Recommended,496240,25499557,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Sgt Acid,"This game is extremely fun and well balanced. It takes alot of talking with your team to accomplish the goals at hand and often to make sure you're not killing your own team. The community is very helpful and for the most part friendly, players often give tutorials in the lobby, and are usually quick to answer any newcommer questions. I've yet to get any motion sickness while playing the game either, even in long sessions, or while having a few shots of Jameson lol. The gameplay is very intense and would be very similar to old school rainbow six games, but in VR!"
76561198059069181,Recommended,496240,25374006,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Eldanon,"Wow. The first VR military simulation multiplayer game has finally arrived and blew away my expectations. Most Vive Early Access games I've bought were purchased with the potential in mind. With Onward, what's available right at the release is already well worth the asking price to me. The fact that the developer is super active, very ambitious, listens to the community and works quickly are all bonuses that lead me to believe this game will be HUGE.I love the fact that the game is using trackpad locomotion. When I first got into VR, I couldn't handle this type of movement for more than a minute or two. After slowly adjusting by playing just a few minutes of games like Hover Junkers per day over stretches of weeks, I adapted and this movement no longer bugs me.The movement alone puts this head and shoulders above other MP games like Rec Room/Battle Dome to me and it's just the beginning. Add to that excellent graphics, great realistic guns including machine guns, assault rifles, pistols, shotguns, sniper rifles etc. Plus various attachments like red-dot scopes, 4x, 12x scopes, silencers, smoke grenades, stun grenades, HE greanades, body armor, tracer rounds, armor penetration rounds, night vision and so on.Currently available are three maps that can be played during day or night time with more to come. The maps are generally large and the pace of the game is a lot more ARMA than it is COD, I for one enjoy the more tactical gameplay. When you die, you're out for the round so taking stupid risks is punished, every life matters."
,Recommended,496240,25286084,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Chris,"One of the best Vive experiences hands down.I love the game and the developer seems to be very active in communicating and fixing issues.One of my experiences:I am the only one left on my team, half a mag in my assault rifle and a smoke grenade. Searching around the map I hear them talking to each other plotting how they are going to flank me. I quickly round the corner and take one out....I am not out of ammo on my Rifle....swamp to pistole and while I stand outside the door I toss a smoke grenade in.The room fills with smoke and I run into the room just as he is jumping down from the stairs, I dropped (IRL) to the ground as he fires. Bullet holes literally are where my head was...I take a few shots and drop him and win the round.Heart racing and amazing experience."
,Recommended,496240,31175519,Posted: 16 April,all,😈radarhead,"This game is THE vr FPS multiplayer game IMO. It is constantly being updated, always plenty of people to play with, and its just great."
76561198041715709,Recommended,496240,34944364,Posted: 14 September,all,Regimentofbeer,"After the recent Oculus Rift Sale in which I acquired a headset for myself I was in need of some games beyond DCS and the free experiences you can get. ""Onward"" was definitely my first pick as I had seen it been covered in numerous youtube play throughs and so on.If there is one thing to note, most VR indie games for the most part look similar in some regards (probably in part due to the engine they use) but they certainly dont all play the same. Onward is one of the few that stands out.Onward sets the bar for VR realistic shooters, as its mechanics force you into the difficult tasks of combat, without having overtly complicated mechanics. If you are new to VR, keep in mind this may be a little offputting initially due to moving with an analog stick or pad and motion sickness may set in. But its executed well enough to not be too overwhelming and with consistent sessions you can easily find yourself not even feeling off in the slightest.What makes this game fantastic is the literal responsibilty for everything you have to do. If you run out of bullets in the mag, you have to change mags yourself. You throw the grenades, you are the one holding your breath to take the critical shot on the target. Everything in this game comes down to you, and to see a game so involivng is fantastic, especially without over complicated in game menus and options to choose from. thats the power of VR. I still struggle to realise I have to pull the pin out of the grenade before I use it!What is not so great is probably the current lack of content and other similar things. Of course, it is still an early access game so its less the fact of criticism and more the issue of when will more content arrive, rather than what. Guns are good but need more variety of sound and polish. More maps, and maybe slightly more detail on said maps would go a long way. AI can either be too stupid or too accurate on the difficulties available and maybe need a bit of an overhaul from 2 states (alert and hunting) to a variety and more objective based singleplayer/coop would bring it out of the ground. Multiplayer is good but requires maybe more players, roles, support methods like mortars (vehicles maybe??) and so on. Glitches, bugs and other issues will surely be ironed out over time.Most of what is stated above is far from being added to the game, but with further development this could be the greatest VR realistic shooter on the market.Arguably, early access games are a gamble. But considering the lack of substantial product available on the VR market this is definitely and excellent choice for those who are willing to push their VR capacity, or those who are interested in MilSims. Either way, you will enjoy this game with all it has to offer at such an early stage let alone see what is yet to come!"
,Recommended,496240,26448194,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,SKΛTΞºʳÐ¡Ξ☠  [222],"Best VR game..  or maybe even best game ever, if we should even call it a GAME.  MilSim.Sometimes you'll feel like a junkie when you're laying there asking people for a syringe.Get ready to do 1,000 squats and play until the controllers die, everytime."
76561198054016808,Recommended,496240,26126397,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Infinity-Dave,"My number one game on the HTC Vive!I am always going back to this game.Unlike a lot of other VR games, this game has a lot of playability and it continues to get updates too!SO....If you own a vive and like shooters, I highly recommend getting this!if you own a vive and like team coordination, get it!If you own a vive ................. just get it :P"
,Recommended,496240,25555224,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Recklessnative,"I HIGHLY reccommend you pick this up if you're into shooters.- The community is awesome- everybody is forced to work together due to the lack of a chat function in VR- The gameplay is so tense, you'll be immensely immersed. This really is one of the first games in a while that took my mind of the fact that I'm playing a VR game.- This is only the beginnen! Dante will give us more updates, it's still in really early access.Support this awesome dev and spend your money. It's a wise decision!"
76561197961268725,Recommended,496240,25613408,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Boot Overide,Best game for VR so far.  This is what I have been waiting for.  Keeps getting better.
,Recommended,496240,25260774,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Brain Juice,"This is how you do a FPS in VR.  This is an intense experience that can go from teeth grinding tension to hearth pounding kinetic firefight in an instant!  From my personal experience this is just like being in a paintball firefight wihout having to do all the acutual running!  If you like FPS games at all, this is a MUST BUY for you.This early access game just set the bar very high for future FPS games."
76561198055755886,Recommended,496240,28111011,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Caboose,The base mechanics are present and polished. There are a passable number of quality maps. The community is full of great people. The game hasn't been overrun with 14 year old boys. What more could you want?
,Recommended,496240,33063175,Posted: 30 June,all,Barzoople,This game is great if your a tactical fps player and liked the battlefield games. The community is great and helpfull. The game play is realistic and reminds me of milsim. It's also fun to just mess around with your freinds in the firing range.
,Recommended,496240,25301945,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Kour0sh,"Awesome start of FPS for VR. Teamwork is great, communication is key. Get this game and support the future of VR milsims."
76561197999153820,Recommended,496240,25339693,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,PoTzy,"Amazing, the sound, the graphics and it just works.This is what VR is about!"
76561198140571433,Recommended,496240,25911015,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,JongYi12,"Great people and concept, fun online play - made me very sick.The artificial locomotion made me dizzy and sick really fast so I'll never play it again. I recommend trying it though because its actuallly well made and fun."
,Recommended,496240,26121941,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,mik_cz,"This game is one of the best game I have played on Vive. It is the only game I play almost every day, its just great!If you like FPS you NEED this game!!!"
,Recommended,496240,25273644,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Blah64,VR InsurgencyTrying to fumble around for reloads or a syringe whilst taking fire is exhilarating.
,Recommended,496240,28708248,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,KrK Schwarz-W-R,"Best game I ever played, I really love it. It´s a little bit hard to get in so don´t be frustrated if you don´t make much kills at the beginning. You get into it after a while and than it´s even making more fun. The most impressive thing is the feeling that you are really in the game. It´s so crazy if you are sitting behind a window with your head low spotting enemys and there are suddenly bullets flying around your head with a realy terrifying sound. Throwing yourself on the ground and screaming in the mic that you are under heavy fire while the bullets are flying close obove your head. First time I instinctively put my hands on my head to protect him because it was so immersive. It´s hard to describe how immersive the game is. Also the fact that there is no hud, no overlays and so on is really great. It´s probably the best mil-sim you can get and it is worth the money imo."
76561197960464524,Recommended,496240,25593476,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Cory!,"This game has the potential to be to VR what Counter-Strike was for PC gaming. It's fantastic. Absolutely the best thing out for VR right now. I've put about 15 hours into it at this junction.4v4 with 5 or so maps, updates happen frequently and In the discord channel you can talk to the creator and give feedback and you can tell the game is being developed by a passionate person.Guns are very realistic, reloading by removing the mag and picking a mag up from your belt and pysyically putting it into the gun and racking the mechanism. It seriuosly feels like being in an airsoft or paintball fight, only its real guns. (I have never been in a firefight i have no idea how realistic it is, but it seems super legit.)Teamwork is amazing if you have the right people, and even if you don't, running around and flanking a team is always fun.This game has the potential to be to VR what Counter-Strike was for the PC. that's a big deal."
,Recommended,496240,25677694,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,slag from essex,This is a must buy for anyone with a Vive.Hopefully there will be larger scale battles - 16v16 would be AMAZING.Also Dev - Please make the planes quieter :)
76561197995752312,Recommended,496240,25269339,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,gbxol9,"I didn't think a non-teleportation FPS would work on the Vive, but here it is.  I'd get a bit sick playing Vivecraft using a similar movement mechanic, but Onward does it perfectly.  Having analog control of player movement is great, being able to slowly sneak around a door way is amazing.The gameplay is fantastic.  There are different classses of guns that you would expect from this type of game.  However, unlike a regular FPS, there is something about this game that makes an assault rifle handle and shoot so differently from a SMG like a P90(which if you use a two hand grip like a pistol feels so very very right).Inventory management is very cool, but I can't find a way to put back a grenade if I accidently take it off my chest harness.  I think a lot of the game mechanics here are going to be copied by many other games.5 hours in, I can see myself coming back to this.  All it needs are more maps and more gameplay modes.  Currently, the objective based gameplay doesn't play out that way.  I never really seen anyone complete the objective probably because it's loads more fun to shoot people.  Definitely looking forward to seeing the development of this game, and I do hope that it grows.Update for late Oct:  The new updates in the last few weeks really change the game and increases the replay value of older maps.  Core game is the same, but adds random spawn points. Random spawn points for both teams is great and really slows the game down.  The new Subway map looks really good and the random spawn really makes better use of the entire area of the map.  If anything is a complaint, I think the larger maps should have a longer time limit as it can take a while to get to objectives when you're being careful.  Looking forward to more from this dev in the future."
,Recommended,496240,25590788,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,True Fable,"I wasn't entirely sure what to expect when I booted this up for the first time. I've never been particularly fond of the milsim genre, but adding VR seemed like it could be a good investment.Almost two hours after putting my headset on, I can say that this is a great game! The intensity is amazing because you don't know where anyone is, as there is no minimap with red dots to show you where the other team is. You have to rely heavily on cover and your teammates.Speaking of teammates, I've found the community for this game to be great. Not only do people actualy speak to each other in lobbies, everyone's been very civil, and congratulating people on good plays.It does take a little while to get used to the locomotion, however, after 2 or 3 minutes of it, I was very comfortable with how it worked. Great job!"
,Recommended,496240,33468041,Posted: 11 July,all,Jewbone441xxx,"If this game doesnt sell the idea of vr's potential nothing will. amazing concept, gameplay, and mechanics. If this game had the suport of a AAA title i couldnt imagine what the developer could do for this game and the future of vr."
76561198010636569,Recommended,496240,30877310,Posted: 1 April,all,wickedplastic,"The latest release for Onward has added a new map, game mode and fixed many frustrating bugs.Hats off to the dev team for making this game even better. :)"
76561198042451370,Recommended,496240,30476911,Posted: 12 March,all,xXMadHatterXx,"The best FPS ""real world"" combat simulation in the VR realm.  This is not CS GO, this is not COD, this in not Battlefield.For the best experience, mic up and communicate...stick together (good dispersion).  Updates are always meaningful and improves on the gameplay and experience.  Would love to see this match the graphic/animation quality of the current Battlefield series without losing the real-world pace of gunplay.  A must own if you are a fan of any of the above mentioned game types...but lose the stupid CS GO / COD attitude."
,Recommended,496240,25494812,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Babu,"if you have a vive, u need this game, it is unbeleivable, this is everything i had ever hoped for in virtual reality, abit buggy at times but its early access and is well worth every penny"
,Recommended,496240,34025897,Posted: 4 August,all,UnnamedNewbie,"Amazing game! The community is great, the game is awesome by itself, and the locomotion feels great too. I did not get any motion sickness even when playing for more than an hour. Using 2 front facing cameras with the Rift - suboptimal, but it works. Will probably get a 3rd sensor just for this game."
,Recommended,496240,28355298,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,The Law,"Are you a fan of games like Insurgency?  Do you have a Vive?  If you answered ""yes"" to both of these questions, then just buy this game right now.Accurate weapon handling.  Lots of gear choices.  Teamwork-inspiring gameplay.  Intense, ""edge-of-your-seat"" moments when you know that you have to react fast or take a bullet and lose the round for your team.  Seriously, it's crazy.The only problem I really have with the game is that it can be a bit slow-paced for when I just want to shoot stuff, as it's a ""once you die, wait for the round to finish"" kinda game.  This means that combat is more tactical, which is a huge part of what makes it stand out, but it can definitely be frustrating when you get killed right at the start by someone that is really good at the game, forcing you to wait a few minutes until the next round.Despite the one small quirk, I really do enjoy this game, and I haven't seen anything else on the Vive like it.  I do hope that some kind of faster game mode with respawns is implemented in the future (for when I want to jump in and shoot stuff, or practice the action-packed parts that usually only last a few moments), like how CS:GO has deathmatch mode."
,Recommended,496240,31036393,Posted: 9 April,all,✅ Murray,"Wow, get it, just get it, promise you that this is what your looking for, honestly wont be dissapointed 10/10"
76561198014816732,Recommended,496240,26381047,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,FREERAVEN,ITS A MUST HAVE! This has potential to be the VR battlefield of the future.
76561198069536565,Recommended,496240,25324347,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,[BigD] AussieFirebird,This game is the reason i bought a VIVE!!!Great game so far makes you fell like you are really in battle.A few bugs here and there but very very playable.Is a mil sim after all and not made for the casual gamer in my eyes.so if you like♥♥♥♥♥♥talking to your teammates and signing loudly this game is for you!Also if you didnt realise the VIVE comes with a built in mic so plz activate and use it if you decide to play this game :)
76561197969021124,Recommended,496240,25312693,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Crom,This game is awesome. But if you buy it you have to understand it is buggy in places and needs optimisation. But I have every confidence it will grow into a fantastic title and the reviews already speak for themselves.Such a good military shooter that will literally have you diving for cover. I found myself lying down on the floor to avoid a hail of bullets and having no idea where im getting shot from. The radio system is so good. You can talk normally to your friends but when far apart you need to use your radio. If they get killed you wont know about it unless there is no reply on the comms! The enemy can hear you talking too so be careful! Also the movement system doesnt make me sick. I dont know why because it should but it doesnt. Works similar to the hover junkers driving system (that makes me real sick!) but it is fine... Maybe it is the adrenaline ?!?! I could play for hours no issues. Recommend a good PC at this stage until they can optimise it but please dont buy it then b*tch and moan that it is buggy like some people on here. In my eyes it is good and well worth supporting Dante with this title. Any issues will be promptly fixed and kudos to this man for all his hard work. Definitely one of my faves!!
,Recommended,496240,26256690,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,23-Shepard,"Only the best game for the Vive at the moment! The stories I tell because of this game.. I have never felt so immersed, ever. No motion sickness, just pure fun, stress, and utter panic. Does it have issues? Sure. But it's so much more than issues, and exactly what I've wanted in a VR game. This sets the precident for future games like this."
,Recommended,496240,25603255,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Fexel,"An excellent game, and a must have for anyone with the HTC Vive!However, While most other games run fine on hardware that is slightly less powerful than the GTX 970. My GTX 780 just couldn't keep it's framerates high enough with Onward @ a usable render scale (x .75 minimum) and was a juddery mess for me. But, since I was using what is considered lower than minimum specs for the GPU, I'm sure anyone with an RX 480 or at least a GTX 970, should have no issues running the game.Did get a refund, but plan to repurchase at a later date when I've upgraded the pc being used for VR content. :)"
76561198035241089,Recommended,496240,25734323,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Wootchie,"This game is FANTASTIC! The sound / radio system, the reloading, ik, guns etc etc are all very well done. The only problem right now is the game seems to be pretty poorly optimized, but this is heavily dependent on the server, map, and number of players. In its current state, onward will probably not run on a lower end vr setup, but hopefully it will get better soon."
,Recommended,496240,26568674,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Pablo,"This is the best VR game at the moment, without a doubt."
,Recommended,496240,26567993,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,TAW | CajunX,This is by far my favorite game on VR! Endless fun!Takes a bit of tweaking to get it running right but once it does it's amazing!
76561197988503092,Recommended,496240,25261288,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,IntoxicateD,"This game is absolutely PHENOMENAL. Put my headset on and didnt realize as 4 hours straight have passed. Its an FPS that will truly test your skill in a lot more than aiming and shooting. You will have to be fast at reloading your weapon (once you figure out how to reload some of them), turn on your tablet to see the objectives, and finally be able to distinguish friendlies. It is hyper realistic, no heads up displays, nothing to tell you the number of bullets you have left or HP. A truly immersive shooterNewbie tip that seems to work well, when you start getting shot, lay down on the floor and play dead :D"
,Recommended,496240,25261542,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Skunkhauser,"An extremely solid early access title, an insanely immersive VR title, and a hugely satisfying milsim title.  There is room for improvement, but even at this early stage your heart will race and your brain will forget that you're standing in a quiet room with controllers in your hand instead of an assault rifle.  Squad tactics are dependent on your team (of course), but even with the derpiest squad your survival if firmly within your own grasp.This is legitimately the VR FPS we've been waiting for - and it's only going to get better.  Long live Dante!"
76561197968564900,Recommended,496240,25261776,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Abaddon,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. One life so there is no ♥♥♥♥ing around. SUPER intense and super realistic.First major game where you move without teleporting, you just walk around by aiming one of the controllers and using the dpad. I had zero motion sickness. Definitely feels more more real than teleporting.Full proximity voice comms, you can hear your team and the enemy. You can press a button on your shoulder to use your radio to talk over long distances. You have a PDA that you pull off your back that shows a map with the objective and a short range radar of sorts.I understand a few things now like why people use pistols in close quarters, unlike in a regular fps where you just use your rifle all the time. You have to hold the rifle with 2 hands to avoid insane recoil, and using 2 hands makes it very unwieldy to aim when going around corners so pistol is at a major advantage there.Communication seems super strong, there is friendly fire which is a big danger. I can see how it happens all the time IRL. The night level especially where you have to use night vision goggles, I'm basically just assuming based on their position.Some of the guns I avoid because they are so complicated to reload, it's totally realistic so you have to remember to pull the slide on some of them. The big machine gun is really insane, you have to attach the drum, lift this top part, open the drum, pull out the chain of bullets, feed it into the gun, close the top part, pull the slide.Still a few bugs, I crashed out after 1.5 hours or so but usually I don't even make it more than 30 minutes before I'm too tired to bother playing something. With this I was tired but it was so fun I just kept playing!Only thing I would ask for is positional audio to be improved, as it's difficult to tell where shooting is coming from."
76561198006941248,Recommended,496240,25280941,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DJ Lenny,Best Game ever.
,Recommended,496240,25255448,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Iccee,"Despite a few bugs and being an early release, this is a wonderful game.  I hope he goes more the direction of Arma and not Call of Duty though.Edit:Having given this game months of time, I have definately seen more movement in the direction of Call of Duty, sadly. Still has potential to recover, so I'm not giving up yet."
,Recommended,496240,25261841,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,DirtyMonkey,"THE ABSOLUTE BEST AND MOST ADVANCED VR TITLE CURRENTLY OUT. This game is a true changer in the world of VR. It is complete immersion into one of the most intense environment on the planet. AAA companies are going to use this game as a base to build their titles off of. If you are at as hesitant into buying this game, i can assure you that it is worth it, and the best VR experience you can buy right now. And for those who are having troubles opening it, make sure your Antivirus is not blocking any files! Mine was and it would not let the game run until i gave specific permissions to."
76561198022587823,Recommended,496240,25273213,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Cremaster,"This game is absolutely amazing. I can't begin to describe the immersion you feel whilst playing this. So much fun, actually gets your adrenaline pumping.And so far the community is absolutely amazing. Everyone is very helpful, people don't get mad if someone can't figure out who to reload the AKs ;-), they'll actually help you.It's also a very polished alpha, with enough content to keep you going for a while.If you own a vive get this game, you wont regret it.If you dont own a vive, get a vive. And then buy Onward."
76561198121198906,Recommended,496240,25254919,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Delivus,"Just played my first match and instantely felt like I did when I first played SOCOM II online all those years ago. If anyone were on the fence about VR's future, this game makes it loud and clear that VR is here to stay. The game is early access and I look forward to watch it grow. Locomotion felt great! Weapons feel great! Environments really suck you in and mixed with the terrific sound design, you will be left with an experience that blows away anything on the market. A must buy for any ARMA or FPS shooter fan looking for an intense multiplayer VR experience. Way to go DEV!!Update: I have much more play time and my feelings are 100% the same if not more extreme. I am loving this game!"
,Recommended,496240,25260809,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,LrdAnubis,"I didn't realise until i played this game that it is the entire reason i bought a Vive.Unbelivable.The movement doesn't seem to cause motion sickness (obviously only have myself as a basis). Once you bother to learn the controls and locations/actions or ask those who have already learnt. It becomes second nature and is very natural. (although the wife laughs at me IRL)As for the price, i would have paid more in a heartbeat after actualy experiencing the game.Don't listen to all the haters. It has been released for 1 day and it is early access Alpha. Of course there are bugs. Only a knob would think there wouldn't be. IF you don't like bugs, don't by early access. Pretty easy one would think.I am running an Intel i5 with GTX970 and it runs great so all the moaners about it running crap on their system is a THEM problem, not an ONWARD problem. Sort your own rig out before posting negative reviews..IMO this game will lead to more AAA titles in this form. Welcome to the future of gaming."
,Recommended,496240,25256396,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,VladimusMaximus,"GET THIS GAME. It's an early release, there are plenty of bugs (mainly with hands, going the wrong way sometimes, if your controllers lose tracking temporarily, a few crashes and black screens) but over-all this is THE most immersive VR experience there is. Absolutely astonuding, harp pumping action. You WILL love it. Tactical team play to the max."
,Recommended,496240,25275818,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,slayerniss,"Really awesome game, probably the best out there, and I only have one request, but it is CRUCIAL.PLEASE add lobbies that max at certain numbers, 3v3 lobbies, 2v2 lobbies, 4v4 lobbies. Because I know a lot of people, including, I, are having performance issues, even if their cards are kick-butt and they haven't ever lagged before. I don't know why it lags, but it makes the game unplayable, and the only way to have a good experience is a smaller lobby, 2v2 or 3v3. And when you are playing 3v3, someone always joins because they see there is open space and most lobbies are full, so you end up having to quit the lobby because now it lags for you. And it really sucks.Also, I have to stand on a stool to play, I'm 5 foot, I know, I'm really short, but the lowest setting be 5'6"" means I can't run, because the game thinks I'm crouching, so I just get shot from no because I can't run from cover to cover fast enough. Please try to do what Raw Data does and measure and then adjust accordingly, because as of now, the settings are too limited in that sense.Again, gamplay wise, if you can get into a good game, this is the best vr shooter out there, if not, it really sucks, even on low graphics."
76561198178465103,Recommended,496240,25273115,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Spike@Zen,This game is over the top great!It realy feels like you are there with your buddys.Get ready for a workout! and remember to stay in contact with your mates or you might get shot by them.
,Recommended,496240,25330629,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Sriracha Cupcake,Simply amazing.
,Recommended,496240,33067229,Posted: 30 June,all,StorM,Still the #1 game in VR. Onward is amazing.
,Recommended,496240,25627456,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Green-Ninja-Pro,Premier representation of an immersive VR experience
76561198080749016,Recommended,496240,25296150,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Dr Coke,"This game is like a roller coaster, fun, fast, and a height requirment."
,Recommended,496240,33348809,Posted: 7 July,all,(KBNA) Michael,Very realistic
,Recommended,496240,28655277,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,CrossFire,"fun from what i have played so far, very impressive!"
76561197962242093,Recommended,496240,25607855,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,😈kebo,"It takes you a few moments to get used to the movement but then its a ton of fun! This is a quite tactical shooter which is often slow paced. So bring a bit of patience with you especialy to learn all the game mechanics, maps etc. ...All in all this game has huge potential to be the counter strike in vr."
,Recommended,496240,27539176,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CaseFace5,"Im only recommending this game based simply on the mechanics of the game BEWARE this game is finicky about the type of system it runs on and has major performance issues for some people including myself.My systemGeForce GTX 980AMD FX 8350 Eight-Core CPU16GB RAM7200RPM HDDif you have a similar system (Mainly the CPU) you very well could have major issues getting Onward to run correctly.My Advice, try it, if it doesnt run well return it or keep it in your library until its gone through some optimization."
,Recommended,496240,25372423,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Pedro ACE,"Welcome to the future.This is it. On a rooftop, last man of my team remaining... at least nobody was answering the radio calls anymore. Enemy team is using smoke to approach the objective, I spray the AK with just my arms over the wall and in that general direction, can't say if I've hit something but now I'm empty and must reload. Empty mag out, new mag in. Peek over the wall again. There they are, two brown clothed soldiers going right. Line up the first, remembering to look to the center of the display to get a clearer image. Fire! No fire? Damnit! Forgot to pull back the charging handle... come on, come on! Pull myself up again over the short wall... where did they go? Bang, I'm dead.Being an avid simmer and a fan of immersion I've waited for VR for a long, long time. But when I finally managed to buy a Vive (thank you HTC+Valve for excluding Portugal :-P), one category of games was missing: a realistic FPS.That wait is over! Onward is not only a realistic FPS, it's the most realistic FPS ever. No HUD. In fact, there is no info on your VR display except what you would see in reality... your hands, your gun and whatever else you are carrying, like the tablet with the GPS map. Sound is amazing and adds a lot, especially if you choose the deafening realistic option.Weapon handling looks real although sometimes you can fumble it up and hit both controllers over and over trying to pull a bolt back. Communications are important in-game and the proximity VoIP in conjunction with the fantastically thought out shoulder click radios cover all needs. Suppression is well balanced and the need to inject yourself or others when injured is very well done.I was really surprised with the movement feature. Besides teleporting I had only tried moving in another game (The Solus Project) and had trouble with balancing. In Onward it's perfect, no balance problems, no nausea (didn't have it on other games anyway), I suspect the movement acceleration is more progressive and that helps.At the time of writing this review, the game is still buggy, and performance is lacking (GTX970, low settings) for what are very basic graphics. But even in Early Access you can see that the base game is there, it's foundations are very strong, gameplay and idea wise, it just needs to be built on technically."
76561198327681408,Recommended,496240,25419882,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,brodog,love it best vive game so far
76561197980777913,Recommended,496240,25366804,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Berg,"... Finally, someone gave us a VR tactical shooter.My only complaint is that the trackpad locomotion is jittery because one of my controllers sucks.  I wish that you would run by clicking in the trackpad and that it would run until you clicked it again.  This issue only seems to affect me though, because other people seem to have no problem zipping around.I highly, highly recommend this game to anyone interested in a standard shooter.  Even if you get a little woozy playing translational locomotion games, I still recommend trying it.  Another user described himself as the kind of person who gets sick using similar systems, but somehow does not when playing this game.  He called it 'black magic,' and I would have to agree. It took less than one minute to get used to, and I've been loving it ever since.Thumbs up."
,Recommended,496240,25371757,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,DrTy Words,This is why I bought vive. Games like this are what I was waiting for. Can't wait to see how development progresses. In it's current form it is a little wonky until you get used to everything. I love how a lot of the actions work. Like holding down on right D pad while triggering on the mag in order to reload. Makes having a selector switch a bit more feasable to activate without acccidentally dropping your mag. I'd love if this games dev and the H3 dev got together going forward.
,Recommended,496240,32767532,Posted: 25 June,all,Solbero,"This game is just amazing! Best title for VR and the game youre gonna play hours and hours without noticing the time passing by.Game has now 5v5 and only 12 maps that are small. There is few bugs but they are being fixed all the time, devs are constantly trying to update the game and it really doesent seem that they would abandon this. They have made this early access title worth the money!If you have VR headset, or youre planning to buy one, BUY THIS GAME! You just wont be getting game as good as this for the VR for long time."
,Recommended,496240,30180669,Posted: 25 February,all,Liqu0rHard,Great game for VR.  If you like mil sim games.  This is what you've been looking for.  The game is highly enjoyable.  By far the most fun in a VR game IMHO.
,Recommended,496240,25247984,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,daB,"This is the multiplayer experience we've been dreaming of.Incredible immersion.Nice arsenal, well-designed maps, and great voip.Just amazing."
,Recommended,496240,25251652,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Desertwhale,"TL;DR- BUY IT! It's my new favorite game in VR. Sorry BF1 but I just wont have time for you now :-/So far the game has been great! Glitches and bugs aside, I see lots of potential. Motion sickness has so far been a non-issue. Firefights can get quite intense. When you hear gunfire and your screen starts turning black because of the suppression, you immediately want to dive for cover. You may even accidentally  drop your magazine out of your gun and get gunned down by someone less clumsy :-/. So far the people I've been playing with are awesome, mature, and not childlike as you would expect to experience in COD or on Xbox.A few glitches I've noticed so far that would greatly increase the gameplay if fixed are the following.Holo sights- Sometimes they just dont line up correctly. It happens on random matches but the holo light will be too high and it wont line up with the sights on the front of the gun. (Pretty sure it only happens on Marsoc AR's)Walkie- A lot of times they just stop working during the match. You can sometimes hear one team member, but all the others sound like quiet static when they try talking.Choppiness- I have a GTX 1070, and I was playing with people who had 1080's and we all experienced choppiness when moving and looking around. This I understand will be optimized in future patches. Just something that can get annoying.Audio volume is off- It's very hard to tell where shots are coming from (both direction and distance). Someone can be shooting at you from across the map and it sounds like their gun is going off next to you."
76561198324890700,Recommended,496240,25591047,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,remiroberts33,"Probably my favorite VR game to date.  If you like FPS's and VR, then this is a ""Must Have"" for you.  Since the multiplayer aspect allows for different experiences every time, it gives the game a lot of replay value and makes it easy to rack up a lot of hours.  The Developer is great and is constantly making the game better.  I cannot wait to see how this game plays in a year or so.  I bought it the day it came out and it instantly was my favorite Vive game and still is today!  Come play the game that everyone is talking about!  The hype is real!"
,Recommended,496240,25791574,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Handerre,"TALK ABOUT THE LOKOMOTION.I’m unfortunately very sensitive to VR lokomotion sickness. I was one of those guys who got sick playing HL2 back in the days… I bought my Vive headset after a demonstration of Brookhaven, a wave shooter. Since then I’ve been playing mainly games using teleportation. But as time went on the wave shooters and tech demos got underwhelming, tiresome, and boring.You’ll probably need a set of “VR feet” before you can play Onward without discomfort. But in my opinion this is the first and only time the trackpad movement has worked flawlessly in a VR game.Every VR developer should play this game just to see how it can be done.I’ve tried several other games with trackpad movement, but this is the first game I’ve experienced without sickness.Oh. And the weapon handling is superb too..So if you have a Vive headset and you want to play a game online you should own this game. Period!"
,Recommended,496240,25290918,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,IRONSIDE,Legit. Buy it.
76561198045757501,Recommended,496240,25259791,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,JonRamboZ,"I have over 60 VR games on steam and this one is by far my favorite...  Exactly what I have been waiting for...  If only it supported the virtuix omni.  I guess we will just have to wait and see...  I had one brief moment of motion sickness and after regained my bearings I never had another problem.  I find the game to be physically demanding because you are constantly sweeping and clearing, look at your six.  Maybe it was just my nerves making me sweat.  But I can tell you this isn't one of those high priced games that you will regret after playing for 10 minutes.  Buy it and invite all of your friends over to play.  Watch them crawl on the floor lol.Cons- the graphics are limited at the moment.  I wish the terrain was a bit more detailed.  I'd love to run this on ULTRA graphics.  Since the graphics are what they are...  I've shot a few of my teammates sniping.  I found it difficult to tell who the enemy was.  It could be because I wear glasses honestly.  However they couldn't complain because they where dead."
76561198041879252,Recommended,496240,25247535,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Swag Master,I love this game so much! I have been waiting for so long and it is just amazing!
76561198033650157,Recommended,496240,25493235,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Mursenery,"Hard but fair, innovative controls with good locomotion."
,Recommended,496240,32130303,Posted: 2 June,all,Killerobot87,Its like squad but in vr. whats not to like
,Recommended,496240,34747537,Posted: 4 September,all,taocow,"Best VR game I've played, period. Great gameplay, great community, great competitive league all developed and supported by some great folks. Get in on it."
76561198027921533,Recommended,496240,25246136,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ChipsAhoyMcCoy,"Simply amazing. The controls are great, and the immersion is really nice. Especially since reloading isin't as simple as ""Press a button."" On some guns, you actually have to open the top bullet compartment, grab the bullets out of your ammo, put them in, and close it. 10/10."
76561198119596227,Recommended,496240,34361578,Posted: 19 August,all,Diesel,"Incredible game spent the most time in VR on this game, im not one of thoes ♥♥♥♥♥es that gets motion sickness and gives a negative review!"
,Recommended,496240,25245824,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,WashOut,"Very intense game. Now you actully need to be good at shooting, aiming and reloading and so on.Nice to see if this game could evolve into e-sport even for those who want that.Movement is excellent with using touchpad instead of teleport that most games have, unusual in the first 5minutes, then I was stuck with it and had no motionsickness at all.Recommend it to everyone who got Vive!"
,Not Recommended,496240,32124618,Posted: 2 June,all,elliot,"This is the best fps on the market for vr.  The experience of manually manipulating your weapon - reloarding, charging, etc - is amazing and feels great once you get past the learning curve.However once you get past this novelty and the sheer act of existing in a military sim like world with true to life weaponry (truly fantastic), you're left with a below average game with below average maps, gameplay, graphics, and basically everything else.   If not for the completely new vr experience, there's nothing above average about this title.  Really hoping the squad or insurgency devs or a bigger team get on this soon because the core vr milsim goal is great and what I (and I think many others) have always wanted in vr.The production quality is what you'd expect from a solo dev + unity - kudos to him/her but yeah, without vr nobody would look twice at all the other aspects of this title unfortunately."
76561197993650147,Not Recommended,496240,25944983,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Mattias,"When playing this, I spend more time in the lobby than actually playing, which also means that it's hard to get better at it. This game badly needs a mode with a MUCH smaller map and instant respawn, just so we can learn to actually play the game before attempting the default, serious gameplay mode."
,Recommended,496240,30349511,Posted: 5 March,all,Big Denim,"Will give a more robust review later.  After 30 minutes of play though I wanted to at least give my initial thoughts.While the game is a little rough around the edges when navigating menus, the core gameplay is an absolute gem.I have been bored of competitive FPS games for a while but this may have reinvigorated my love for the genre.  Great game thus far.  Can't wait to play more and get better."
,Recommended,496240,29408510,Posted: 21 January,all,Amra,Amazing!!!
76561198310141043,Recommended,496240,25497491,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Chief Thunderkock,"Really great game! Only hope to see smaller maps ( can't see ppl on the other side of the planet ). Needs respawn for sure, diff game modes for sure and more players in each match. Was gonna buy the PsVR to play games like this , but now i don't have to. Keep up the good work, we need more games like this one for the Vive!"
,Recommended,496240,25497061,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,ForteeTooo,"Here's your standard Onward review, but it's just true. This game is hella fun. I'm pumped someone decided to ignore this ""you can't just use the touch pad to walk around"" crap because it works great and you don't feel sick. Actually feels like no shooter ever has- you get nervous, you act cautiously, you don't know if that dude you shot is actually dead or not...Favorite VR game so far, and a huge step forward for shooters."
76561198128370340,Recommended,496240,25360746,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,mightyhorse,This is the must have fps on the Vive. I hope more developers use the movement system because I can't go back to teleportation after this.
,Recommended,496240,25392324,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Biggs,"I remember playing all the original counter strike betas.This feels like that starting up for VR.If you love competitive fps, you owe it to yourself to try this."
,Recommended,496240,25490236,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Junpei,"This is the best Vive experience I've had. While I did enjoy the likes of Hover Junkers and even the silly Job Simulator, the only game that had kept my interest was Hotdogs, Horseshoes, and Hand Grenades. Now that I've played Onward, I can finally say that VR has a game worthy of the asking price of the Vive itself.Everything in this game is intuitive, looks great, and sounds great. The only minor problem I've had with the controls is working things on the guns (accidentally hitting both controllers together repeatedly while trying to pull back the bolt, for example). Aside from that, the game plays exactly as expected. THANK GOD FOR TRACKPAD MOVEMENT! I was starting to get worried that devs were going to completely abandon that type of movement due to complaints of motion sickness. Spend a few minutes with it, and it feels natural.The game does have a lack of maps, but the few maps that are there are mostly great. The only one I didn't particularly enjoy was the Tanker, due to it being so cramped, which made for easy early game grenade kills. After a few more are added, and the currently existing ones are polished, this won't be a con at all. Dynamic weather could be a game changer if it's added as well.The game does have a stuttering problem every now and then. One screen will flicker and the game will run pretty slowly, but it only lasts for half a minute at most, then it's back to normal. This will probably be fixed in an update.Overall, Onward is a huge step forward for VR as a whole. Once PSVR hits the market, I'm sure development of longer games is going to skyrocket, but for now, Onward is king for me (though I haven't had the chance to play Raw Data yet).Also, VR hugs."
76561198130038383,Recommended,496240,25489872,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Mike Hancho,"I'm normally too lazy to give a review, but this dude really deserves it for this game. If I had one game to keep for my vive it would be this game. I used to swear by Battle Dome, but the sporadic movement and increasingly toxic playerbase put me off on that game a month or so ago. This game is the perfect mix of good FPS shooter mechanics, constant communication, and VR muursion. I can't wait to see what the developer has ready in the next few months. The fact that the dev team consists of one dude who puts out such a fantastic product is really a testament to this dude's talent."
,Recommended,496240,25482807,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Trigger_Trim,"This is by far the most immersive VR game I've played so far.  This transports you out of your living room into an active battlefield.   Getting to see the other players as they move their arms, heads and point toward objectives, pull out weapons, duck, crouch and go prone etc.  It feels like you're really in this battlefield with these other people from around the world.  Getting suppressed by gunshots coming at you from the other team is a real heart pounding experience.Some of the best moments are after the frantic gunfire cease, and you're holed up in your hiding place, peeking out a window looking for any movement at all, picking up your radio, calling out to see if any of your team mates are still alive.  It's in moments like these, when things have gone too quiet, that the tension really picks up.This is the game that VR was made for.  If you've ever spent money on a VR game, stop thinking about any other purchase and pick this one up now!"
76561198067663574,Recommended,496240,25324955,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Dimmy 182,"my new favourite game for the vive, such a good multiplayer experience I can see myself sinking a lot of hours into this one & can't wait for more content. unbelievable that it was made by just 1 guycan't comment on motion sickness as I've always had a strong stomach in VR but i'm so glad that this game went with a full movement system instead of teleports & wish more games would do this as most seem to keep you static w/ waves or have teleporting"
,Recommended,496240,25262673,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Froddoyo♤,This game is freakin fantastic.
,Recommended,496240,29994294,Posted: 17 February,all,[Easy]QuaZ,"Must have for VR entusiasts,a real FPS with freaking locomotion,for you guys that have problems at first with this I'm sad for you, really, but It's going to pass sooner or later. I was rocking vr from the first DK2 days and got all my motion sickness sorted out there so I can be sure enoght that you can actually build up some sort of tollerance to it.The graphics are well... bad as they seam but after a try you will probably not even care about it.There some pretty nice models of the weapons with a decent variety, the maps are no many but very different from each other, and the gameplay change drastically on each one.Sounds are pretty awesome, I've only tried the realistic setting but man that's build up immersion!Keep up the good work devs, I really wish of more titles like this, we need people that takes risks for VR, I'm bored of playing it safe, and I really hate teleporting that much!Last but not least, I will probably get downvoted into oblivion for this, It plays well enough on the rift with 360 experimental setup (3 sensors here)"
76561198169313673,Recommended,496240,33018951,Posted: 29 June,all,The Police,I loved this game only problem I had was I have the oculus rift so some time droping the mag was a problem and the game gave me a little bit of a headache other then that the game play is great
,Recommended,496240,31676338,Posted: 10 May,all,Two_Dogs_Porking,"This was the first game I owned on my Vive. And let me tell you, worth every penny. Great game!"
76561198132227354,Recommended,496240,29844697,Posted: 11 February,all,TurboDieselDan,I think its a very good game but you see I am a very short guy im about 1.50 m. And I think its very anoying that I cant run just becuse of that please do so I can do custom leangth in game thank you :D
76561197975917507,Recommended,496240,31581337,Posted: 6 May,all,inviktus,"Ok, so I'm in a subway, protecting a radio asset. It's just me. There are two tango's somewhere in the subway trying to get at the equipment. I spotted a hallway with a good view of  the array, so I lay down in the hallway, with my sights on the asset.I wait maybe a few minutes, and spot to targets approaching the assset. I open fire, possibly killing one, and start receiving fire. I empty my clip and draw my sidearm when a flashbang bounces into the hallway. everything goes white.I regain my site to see a man with a 12 yearolds voice standing infront of me wispering ""I'm here, I got you"" with a knife to my throat. I react and shoot him in the face. End of round.If you have VR, BUY THIS GAME.If you don't have VR, BUY VR AND BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,496240,25411675,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,PlaZma,"Pros: This game is very fun. The thrill of feeling like you're holding a real gun is amazing. It's the closest you will get to feeling like you're in war.Cons: the locomotion with the vive track pad makes you feel queasy and can give you a headache. It is also still very much a concept and is very, very buggy.Overall 7/10"
,Recommended,496240,28953209,Posted: 2 January,all,saq,"I can't get enough of this game, it does so many things so well. Great presence, great locomotion, great gun control. The game is getting updated frequently and has a pretty good community.There is a bit of a steep learning curve as it takes some time to adapt to the VR experience AND learn how to aim a rifle AND understand the map dynamics, etc but it is so rewarding even dying all the time is pretty fun."
,Recommended,496240,30024322,Posted: 18 February,all,BootyFanatic,"Absolutely one of my favorite VR games, easily makes the whole headset worth it. Super fun, some bugs of course, but it is easy to look past because the game is so great otherwise. There is definitely a learning curve, I would advise new players to watch videos and spend some time in the range. Other than that, Stop reading this review and just buy it already!"
76561197991346941,Recommended,496240,25384845,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Granitt,"Best VR title out there! This is a must buy.Some minor bugs, it being a EA game, but all in all game play is not affected.Intense firefights.Awesome tactical game play.Cool voice solutions.Epic sound effects.Nice community.Open and cooperative developer.The next step for VR"
,Recommended,496240,25716095,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Axtedeath,"BRILLIANT is my one word description after running around pointing my gun at an enemy and pulling the trigger to only hear a ""click"" because i hadent loaded it then geting shot stone cold dead i decided to spend some time learning!the attention to detail makes this game REALLY REALLY FRUSTRATING for about 20 mins then u figure out its all spot on video tutorial a bit rubbish hopefully an inagme tutorial will be added at some point, this game is absolutly going in the right direction and can only get betterWouldent reccomend for new VR players as a first game as Locomotion will make u fall on ur♥♥♥♥♥or be sick play a few other games first, having the hands and Gun in front of you makes a good static point to stop locomotion issues a bit like hoverjunkers has a static craft around youReally good game really good players and community around it others in game happy to help you learnPS: UNEQUIP GRENADES IF YOUR NEW i learned the hard way"
76561198078876331,Recommended,496240,26470210,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,StarFalconPrime,This is my favorite VR game. Super Addicting. Super Fun. Super.Early Access so there is some glitching.The best part is that I've had fun with everyone I've played with. Everyone in the room is super chill and having a good time!
76561198005668630,Recommended,496240,25261623,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Jdog,"Initial impression was very good: the gunplay works well reloading aiming switching between weapons and gear all feels very fluid after working out exactly which buttons needed to be pressed, 2 straight hours of play with no motion sickness from the trackpad locomotion, excellent tension filled atmosphere, and a friendly helpful community.There were a few notable bugs, including a weird glitch which caused the radio to transmit static without voice, and once a player was just an invisible floating rifle. Distant targets were also a bit of a problem, this may jsut be due to the vives screen door effect combined with the correct scale and lighting the game uses.Issues aside, I had great time playing, and happily lost a few hours of sleep."
,Recommended,496240,29644203,Posted: 2 February,all,Jehan,Decent.
76561197989337683,Recommended,496240,25464535,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,creggerj,Astounding. Well on its way to becoming a great milsim FPS.  nothing out there quite like it... at least for now.
,Recommended,496240,29723346,Posted: 5 February,all,Cwan,Most imersive infantry combat experiance ive had so far in my entire span of playing video games!Pavlov gun handeling is way better then Onwards they should take notes.
76561197970308634,Recommended,496240,25465103,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Maxwell,"I am prone to getting sick if there is any asynchronous movement in VR.However Onward does not cause any sickness at all! It is amazing, I didn't want to try it first, because I was sure that this locomotion makes me sick in 10 seconds, like in other games.Onward does something different in his locomotion, which definitely works.If you hastle because of this topic, buy it and try it out! In the unlikely case it makes you feel sick, just refund it.Beside of the excellent locomotion, this game is just amazing. This is what VR is about.Last night I litteraly threw myself to the ground and hurling together on my living room floor, because bullets started to fly past by me while I was on a rooftop, overlooking the situation for my teammates. This game is intense.I especially love that you have to use your hand to press the radio button on your left shoulder, in order to communicate with your teammates over radio. But be aware, enemies can hear you speaking just like in real life, so there are situations where you begin to use hand signs with your teammates, to signal direction, ""stop"", or ""come to me"".Even in this very early state (developed by just one guy atm) this game is already amazing and totally worth the 20$."
76561198270934497,Recommended,496240,25362367,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Tocix,"Awesome game for Alpha release1 of a kind style VR FPS,would recommend this to other VR playas who love a good shooteri have lots of great demos but this deserves a purchaseOnward is the 1st game ive purchased for Vr :)Cheers dante"
,Recommended,496240,25366699,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Goose,"Best game in VR, hands down. Must have for the shooter enthusiast!"
76561198020208937,Recommended,496240,25379289,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Shazbot,Best game for Vive right now
,Recommended,496240,30206300,Posted: 26 February,all,Newfie,"This game is a wild ride. I love sim shooters and the last one I was really into was Insurgency. This game easily has become my go to game. There are a good number of maps and weapons for this early stage, along with a very functioning control scheme. I can't wait to see where this game heads in the future."
76561198128320324,Recommended,496240,28714916,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,dikillu,Great game.  Onward allows for great communication between teamates making it a lot of fun to play.  The mechanics of this game are also amazing with great thought going through each detail by the developer.MAIN SPECS:i7-6700GTX 106016GB DDR4
76561197968351716,Recommended,496240,28731019,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,roadczar,A reason to buy yourself a VR headset. I can't wait to see how it develops with more funding and support!
,Recommended,496240,26146705,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,TheBadFish2,"This is going to be a long review.Bugs:Periodically when you die, the game will glitch and you will be stuck above your body. The only way out is the exit the game and re-enter. If a host creates a lobby and exits, there is no way to start the game as the host doesn't migrate to a new person. The game freezes when entering a game and shows that you are offline. Hitting ""reconnect"" does nothing and the game just hangs at the loading screen.Single Player:There is no ""single player"" option in the game but there is the shooting range. This mode is under the multiplayer option but plays as single player. This mode includes a rifle range in which you can demo all of the in-game weapons as well as a kill house where you can get in some target practice.War:This is the actual game mode. This is a 4v4 online shooter. If you are worried that there will not be anyone online, you will be surprised. There is usually an open game lobby to join. If not, create your own and people will join. In the lobby, you can chat with both teams but in the game, you can only chat with your team either through voice when close or radio over a distance. The descriptors for this game say ""realistic."" Don't expect that to be the case. It usually consists of throwing as many flashes as possible and stabbing the other team. There are no tactics. Also, expect to have squeakers on one of the teams running their mouth. Most of the time, no one in the lobby speaks your language.Wanted features:A dedicated single player mode. Language filter for the lobby since team games are hard when you don't speak the same language. Faster matchmaking. Ability to mute other players.Overall:Not a bad game. The controls take a bit to get used to. It can be frustrating at first but gets better as you practice and play. Overall, I would say it is a 3/5. With more polish and a single player campaign with even some workshop missions added in, this game could easily be the best combat VR game. The developers have worked hard on this game and the 3/5 I give it for an early access game is well deserved. I would highly recommend this game for anyone who wants to see what a VR shooter should be. If development continues as is, this game will be the best VR game in around a year."
,Recommended,496240,25370859,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,DifficultFryingPan,"Goes in a massive circle to pull off the perfect flank, see two people sitting with their backs to me. ""Sup guys."" I spray them both down at point blank as one of them turns around and the other just looks at their tablet. Get shot by their other teammate who turned around after hearing the spray-down.10/10 would flank again"
,Recommended,496240,25627359,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Gorn NR,So far this is the best FPS for VR. Period.Other Devs need to realize WASD works well in VR. Teleporting can suck it.
76561198285064197,Recommended,496240,25719823,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,ObiWanaTokie,cant.....stop.......playing...
76561198047610299,Recommended,496240,25279054,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,⊕ Jizzypants,This game IS DOOOOPE!I was having a shoot out with a guy in the building across from me. We were both using LMG and every time you would go to look out the window a 3D bullet would ricochet off.10/10 1 man made this game GJ DANTE!
76561197989449898,Recommended,496240,25262119,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,|OO| Ser Jorah,This is what VR is all about. Wow just so much fun.
76561197976519916,Recommended,496240,26551543,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kennosuke,"GTX 970, Core i5 2500K, 16GB RAM, HTC ViveThis game runs OK on my machine.  Occassionally experience frame loss when looking over an entire game map, but it is definitely playable.Not the most polished game (yet), but it is definitely the most engaging multiplayer experience I've ever had.  Highly recommended.If you happen to have experience with real life firearms, the motions you must use for your controller to reload will feel very natural.I did notice some clipping difficulty with where the game likes to store your side arm and accessories.  The syringe, grenades, and side arm frequently reside within your real-life body, so you cannot grab them without contorting your body in strange ways.All in all, this is a fantastic game, and priced well for the content it currently has (and will hopefully gain)."
76561198141556620,Recommended,496240,25420450,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Protrainer7,Ok so I own a lot of games and let me say this is the first game I have felt the need to leave a review for! So I have had my VIVE for about a month or so now and have tried a lot of different games. Every VR game so far I have tried was awesome for the first 5-30 mins and then I was off to find the next game to try. But this game has dominated my VR time after getting the hang of this game I am addicted it has the most replay value out of any VR game to date. The developer is awesome updating and giving the comunitty exactly what we want out of the updates!! Lastly the community of people playing this game is the best ive experienced in online gaming I wish it was easier to add friends on this game. But with the way the dev is going im sure he will get to it! Anyways thanks for your hard work in making this game and if your wondering if you should try this out or not stop thinking about it and BUY IT!!! This is a big step in the right direction for vr gaming!
,Recommended,496240,29796388,Posted: 8 February,all,Vulgar Valkyrie,"The best VR FPS out now! must have if you have HTC Vive.It's not without it's problems (glitches, bugs and crashes) but well worth it if you want a VR military sim!"
,Recommended,496240,25870223,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Rhino,"This game has potential to be the flagship shooter for the Vive spearheading the next generation of shooters for video games.  I bought the Vive to play this and am not dissapointed.Although, it has a long way to full release to go, bugs and is by no means perfect.  Still, if you look past all of that, it is one of the most intense shooters you will ever play."
76561198069177893,Recommended,496240,29228406,Posted: 13 January,all,mafia-ksa-007,"It's for all shooter and sim lovers , I will recommend this game , do you think you are a pro shooter , play this game and test yourself..."
76561198019634810,Recommended,496240,29996529,Posted: 17 February,all,Xazzaxas,"Seriously, if after five minutes of playtime you don't start yearning to build a custom frame to hold your controllers in rifle position, you don't get this game. It's unbelievable how different most people behave when shot at by other people in VR. Better yet, guns feel real. With their mechanics, specifics, different sight elevations, length they only miss the real kick. There's not a lot of maps, but what is out there is diverse and fun. Games are 4 vs 4 at most and at 8 players it can sometimes feel crowded, depending on the match. And it's fun! How come one guy who made this, managed to pull off such a great game that big developers either didn't do or botched up? Thumbs up sir, you deserve every cent of the price paid."
76561198009928642,Recommended,496240,25957638,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Primatheratrix,Currently the best game for the Vive bar none. Entirely worth the price.
,Recommended,496240,26456024,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Norrrland,"This is the kind of game i always wanted, but it did not exsist.VR fps shooter Arma style.Unfortunatly i got seriously motion sick at once.Could not even play more than a minute without feeling sick.The game controls are not that easy to figure out.I watched a lot of youtube videos to understand things.In the end i got a refund without even trying multiplayer. The motion sickness was something i could not overcome.I still higly recommend this game.It is very very good if you are not the kind of person that get motion sickness."
,Recommended,496240,25905993,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,f00d,Easily the best VR Game at the moment. The ability to play in an FPS in VR with MULTIPLAYER blows my mind. Its not as tactital of a shooter as the developer is trying to promote it as. But I could see it happening with newer updates. The game itself is just a blast to play. And the developer is consitent with listening to the community and updating!10/10Funny and fun gameplay here!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebNNwqxD-Is
76561197970224579,Recommended,496240,28757816,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,StaigerD,"Only a little over 2 hours in and having a blast. Came across a real fun lobby of great people. THIS IS THE STANDARD FOR VRFPS. Has its hiccups sure, but Dante is doing the best he can. This guy deserves to get rich off of this. A++++, will most deff keep playing"
,Recommended,496240,28852338,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,polo,10/10
,Recommended,496240,29225064,Posted: 13 January,all,Somchai,"The future is bright, the future is VR"
,Recommended,496240,25485186,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Shizora,"Best game for Vive yet without doubt, and it's an early access. Bright future!"
,Recommended,496240,25329434,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Serty,"Best, most immersive VR game so far."
76561198027947026,Recommended,496240,25334841,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,nlight,Really fun multiplayer military sim shooter. Requires teamwork and voice chat to do well. First artificial locomotion in VR that doesn't give me motion sickness. The community so far is cool and hasn't been infested by griefers/ trolls/ twelve year olds yet.
76561197994527111,Recommended,496240,25335870,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,xCAPx,"ONWARD is a fantastic example for a VR room scale tactical shooter with motion controls and the first of it's kind.Communication is the key, the pace is almost perfect, the weapon mechanics are realistic but fun. You have to work together and take care of your surroundings.The details are nice, but it needs more polishing, bug fixes and content. The over all experience is outstanding and very intense though.If you like authentic shooters, this is a must have! A dream comes true and it's just the beginning.Keep up the great work, I wish you all the best for the future and for this project! Kudos!"
,Recommended,496240,25328804,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,mako,"tl;dr: This game is badass as an early access release and will only get better.I haven't gotten over the motion sickness yet and I can tell you this is one of my favorite Vive games so far- I have quite a few. Raw Data has a slight lead over it right now but that game tends to get a little monotonous compared to this.This is more akin to a more immersive CounterStrike, except you actually have to reload your weapon with your hands and pull the bolt in order for your weapon to work. You can lean around walls and cover to peek enemies- if there are too many, lob a grenade and you might win the whole round. You have to be quiet because they can hear you talking if they're close enough. And everyone you're shooting at and shooting at you is a real human. That's the craziest part.If you have hesitations, put them down. I won't promise you'll like this game, but if you want a tactical combat ""FPS"" team game, you'll probably love this."
76561197970343237,Recommended,496240,25335157,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Masa,"Most immersive game on Vive to date with regards to PvP.  If you're into military sims this is a title you won't want to miss.  Realistic weapons, lots of loadouts, good UI and cool maps.  It's like paintball in your living room!"
,Recommended,496240,25333577,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Lycon,"The best game made specifically for VR, so far. There are bugs, as expected from early version, as well as only 3 maps. However, the game is still extremely fun and movement system is the best of all VR games. Better matchmaking system and some ""faster"" maps would be a welcome additions. If You own a Vive, this is a ""must have"" title."
76561197993503842,Recommended,496240,25275699,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,robiow,"I killed a guy with a grenade. I don't need to say more than that. It was epic, I wish it was recorded.You need to buy this, it's the most engrossing game to date, watching and listening to your team mates. Wow.I would like to see a spectator mode on death, a few bugs ironed out with the removal of empty clips, health etc. I do find it hilarious however watching a limp wristed soldier prance about the field with the other hand holding a belt fed support rifle in the other like it was light as a feather"
76561198055096079,Recommended,496240,25279746,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,yougotadell,Thanks for helping me getting the game to work. I can now play the game. I see great potential. I just wish I didn't get motion sickness from the headset.
76561198139429577,Recommended,496240,25263135,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Wickedhopes,Lobby times suck. I wish you could just drop in a map OR have like a shooting range OR at least something to do while waiting for other players. I have found myself standing and waiting more than I have actually played the game. The matches are 15 minutes each and the way some people play it actually takes 15minutes.  A lot of glitches but it just came out so I expected that. This game has SOOO much potential. I just hope it continues to grow from here on out.
76561198098444371,Recommended,496240,25269956,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,LoveDva,absolutly good.worth to buy.
,Recommended,496240,25277266,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Menjoo,"This game is great! It's everything I hoped for when I first heard about VR. I have no idea why the locomotion doesn't make me VR-sick, but, well, it doesn't! The first VR game I own that I played for four hours straight.After two hours I've more hours in this game than in all my other VR games combined. Absolutly must have game for the Vive. A proof that fps work in VR."
76561198010877775,Recommended,496240,25252093,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,[SC]Aly,"OMG will not run becuse of some Unable to load mono library from ""C:/Program Files (x86)/Steam/steam error so,,,"
76561198056841501,Recommended,496240,25269000,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DoubleAA,best game on vive easily
,Recommended,496240,25274076,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,S. Jonas,"Onward is a ♥♥♥♥ing amazing game! i cannot stop playing it! From a ArmA 3 Milsim player i really enjoy this game, it brings a whole new level of milsim and i love it!! I will recommend 10/10"
76561198069034859,Recommended,496240,25278595,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Nippless Cage,"If this game cuased cancer I would absolutly keep playing it. ive never had this much fun in VR beforeTHIS IS AN ABSOLUTE MUST BUY, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!!!"
76561197972345177,Recommended,496240,25274029,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Cpt. Monkey,"Game is awesome! I rarely write reviews, but I had to write one for this one. Little rough around the edges but easily one of the best Vive games availible.  A true example of where the tech is headed.  I'm completely blown away."
76561197995146114,Recommended,496240,25277658,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,drc,"Onward is dope. And don't you forget it.In other news, my newly developed PTSD qualified me for a green card.420noscopeheadshots from now on"
,Recommended,496240,25280047,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,spychiatrist,"The devs are right to say that, ""Onward is still in it's infancy...""  The game is by no means polished, by no means does it have stunning graphics, nor by any means is it optimized for average VR PC builds.  It's really the little things that start to add up together that make you question what the devs were thinking when they slapped this jalopy of a game together.  A myriad of bugs make the game, at times, unplayable, and often make it difficult to focus on the core of the game.However.  It doesn't change the facts.What Dante and the Downpour devs have strung together, albeit with some hairy, fraying string, is a truly incredible game.  The underlying concepts are all there, and they shine through the bugs and design mistakes, making me want to come back to this game continuously and spend all my time in it despite the numerous hiccups.  The best part is that it's this good at day 1 of the Alpha.  It only gets better from here.I have actual PTSD from virtual war.  Friends I just got to know, talking side by side, laughing about how we all store our war PDAs up our arses (you really have to reach to get the damn thing out) vaporized in the sound-barrier cracklings of bullets hurtling through their flesh.  I am alone, crawling on the actual ground, fighting in actual shock with enemies closing in from god-knows-where, and I run away from the scene, still shocked, vengeance the only concept that can grow in my emotionless new world.  Then I halt, scream, and die.Drama aside, I thought I was immune to VR causing any kind of psychophysical response within me after developing for the HTC Vive since January.  Wrong.  Buy this game, get an experience that would, had you otherwise attained it, cost your life.With mixed feelings, I will say that in my opinion, this is the best game currently sold for the Vive.  This is a 'killer app' with mediocre implementation, and yet it easily shines to the top.  I am happy and excited about what can be done in VR from here on out, and I'm quite well anticipating future updates to this game; yet I feel melancholy that within the year or so that devs that got 'face time' with the press and Valve had time to develop, nothing of this calibre has come."
,Recommended,496240,25269347,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,PilotdArr,Yup. This is the game. Buy it. Better than you could even imagine and the fact I can say that one day one of an alpha for VR is huge. Buy it. Now. Stop reading you could be playing.
,Recommended,496240,25276184,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Hell Rell  [VIG],Little buggy BUT WOAH as a combat vet this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ My one complaint is that I was one of those left eye dominate right handed people so the controlls feel very funky to me. the menu can be a lill bit confusing but I AM WAY IMPRESSED with what the dev has done in the few min my kids let me play.
,Recommended,496240,25276339,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,randmized,"does not make me motion sick to where I feel I need to throw up, but it does set me off balance a little bit while playing and makes me feel a little weird after playing. Maybe it's just me. Other than that amazing game and could play for hours"
76561198092648009,Recommended,496240,25499191,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,JOHNNYJET3,"GREAT GREAT GREAT GREAT GREAT....MAKES XBOX GAMES FEEL BORING! LOVE THE TEAM WORK NEEDED AND HOW YOU HAVE TO DO ALL THE LITTLE THINGS NOW! HAVE TO RELOAD MANUALLY, PULL THE PIN FROM THE GRENADE, PULL OUT YOUR PDA.....AMAZING!"
76561198004130755,Recommended,496240,25328326,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,carrion,"Usually not a big tacsim shooter fan, but this is freaking cool!Very intense gameplay, plus the best free locomotion system i've seen on any Vive title so far. I can play until my feet give up on me without any nausea at all.There are bugs and rough edges, but there's enough content for great replayability. Already sunk more hours into this than any other VR title i own."
76561198059896039,Recommended,496240,25333659,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,MrMaxPowers,What we all have been waiting for. Super fun and an active dev making it better daily. See ya on the battlefield
,Recommended,496240,25374602,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,BULLonPARADE,Best game on the Vive.
,Recommended,496240,25338563,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Richard Nixon,Best game there is for VR at this time. Buy it.
76561197973483579,Recommended,496240,25342312,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,baka,Great game
,Recommended,496240,25386836,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,[DowniDevision™] .hendrik,"VERY nice game. Thats what VR is made for!But some things that should be added, fixed or changed:- Implement a close quaters map. (we onyl have one and thats nigth only). The map ""Dust 2"" from Csgo would be an example. its not TOO close quaters, but it would bring a diffrent feeling and new strategies to the game. Additional the game would gain a HUGE ammount of fame for having a ""Dust 2""-kinda map (I WOULD LOVE IT!!!)- When pressing the left Menu-button you should be able to see the names of your Teammates- Some Antivirusprograms think that mono.dll is a virus. Fix that- Performance- private lobbies + invoite systemIts a really nive game and you should give it a try. If you like Airsoft, Paintball or stuff like that its just perfect for you :)"
76561198020038140,Recommended,496240,29211173,Posted: 12 January,all,WeeMan,"Excellent game, my favourite VR title at this time."
,Recommended,496240,29192315,Posted: 11 January,all,Cmdr Gary Brain,"I bought the Oculus for Elite after much investigation and then once I got the Controllers I looked for a good shooting game, and I found it in ""Onward"" it is still in Alpha but have spent many hours running around just to get the hang of the controls.Once you have practiced it is a blast, but time to time in those moments of panic if you dont hold your nerve then you are dead. Either by not reloading correctly or failing to reach for your side arm.Using the VR is comes down to the emmersion, kneeling in a building and just leaning forward to look out of the window expecting a clean head shot.Realy cant wait for this game to expand as it realy shows off the VR/Controllers."
,Recommended,496240,29202698,Posted: 12 January,all,Jamie Morallis,9/10 no idea how tf you reload ;)
,Recommended,496240,29891777,Posted: 12 February,all,Blue Prussian,"One of the better VR titles. Lots of room for work, but already has a lot perfect."
,Recommended,496240,25639132,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Foley,"Never had so much fun in VR!  Definitely a must try experience.  Killing someone in a game like this is immensely satisfying, more so than any FPS I've played.  Almost...too satisfying..."
,Recommended,496240,25412091,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,HazardzOG™,Best game on the Vive right now and if you don't have it get it!
76561197972208735,Recommended,496240,25603061,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,YaMeZ,"Even in its current early state of development, this game has hooked me more than any other VR game i've played so far. It feels like a mix of CS and ARMA, but the most important part is that its in VR and it is done well. Nothing can describe the feeling you get when you are actually on the battlefield, physically holding your weapon and really talking to your teammates around you. The gameplay and the social aspect make this game something you really have to experience.Even if you are somewhat prone to motion sickness like I am, you should try this game anyway. To me, not only is this an amazing game but the very first indication that artificial locomotion CAN work. This opens up huge possibilities for VR games that I had discounted until now.Seriously though, if you have a VIVE you should really consider getting this game. Now!"
,Recommended,496240,25258622,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,zyn,"Onward has the realistic feel of Arma gunplay, but the gameplay has a significantly faster tempo -- something akin to Rainbow Six. Absolutely worth it for any mil-sim fan.Do note that the game is still slightly buggy. But those are easy to look past, as the game is just a joy to play."
,Recommended,496240,25923475,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,RollClassic,"Before I give my actual review, at the time of this writing I only have an hour and a half of playtime against a bunch of chinese people with chinese ping. (And I am on the west coast, USA.)First impressions: I screwed around in the shooting range enough to figure out how to aim, reload, and throw grenades, the shooting range didn't have much in it, which gave me a bad feeling about how the game itself was going to be, but since there wasn't a lot left to mess with I jumped into a game.My experiences:Immediately, I realized that I didn't bring night vision because I didn't know it was a night map. I glanced over to my right to see my team mate prone-crawling on the ground with his arms above his head to shoot over cover. I lost my♥♥♥♥♥♥and then was instantly shot in the face.After that mistake, I spent the next several rounds just getting used to the slide movement controls (After popping some Dramamine to avoid motion sickness because I get it easily with slide movement.), but finally after a 3 or 4 matches with 0 kills and dying every round, I managed to get my first kill. Then two more. Then I was pretty hooked.I played for an hour and a half straight and only stopped because of bugs/crashes, but decided to write my review while everything is fresh in my mind. So here we go!My review:The gameplay is solid, there's an artificial suppression mechanic in place like many FPS which does help with immersion, the shooting is alright, though there's no real feedback in the controllers which detracts from the feel of it but there's not much that can be done about that.Controls are... alright, they definitely need work at this stage of the development. For example, you reload by pressing down (As in the bottom section) on the gun-holding hand's track pad, then hold the trigger to grab the magazine with your other hand, grab a spare magazine off your belt and then drop it in and pull the charging handle then you're set. That's fine, because this is a ""mil-sim"", however the problem comes when you need to pull a charging handle and end up slamming your controllers together. Or worse, you try to reach for a spare magazine but because of the direction you're looking you can't actually grab anything off of your body. This is also a huge problem when trying to grab a grenade, or your medical syringe, or anything off of your body honestly.Weapons are decent as well, but could use some work. An example of this would be the 4x (ACOG) scope on some guns is tiny, just... it's incredibly small, the size of or smaller than the red dot sights. As well, it seems like sights are too close to your face unless you hold your arm far from your body, with sniper scopes I had to almost hold my arm out as far as I could reach for the scope to not clip through my face (That is with the one sniper I tried.).All primary weapons have the same attachment and ammo choices, which means guns like the VAL which has an internal suppressor still has the suppressor option which does nothing, and has a foregrip attachment option that doesn't mount. The same issue is on a lot of weapons, and for example the shotgun, your ammo choices are FMJ, FMJ Tracer, and AP. Not shot or slug. These are menu options that I'm nitpicking but still.Summary?I enjoyed it a lot, it's a little hard to get into but a lot of fun once you do, I can't wait to see something like 8v8 matches in the future, and maybe addition weapons and attachments, as well as the improvement of the contols. Even through the bugs, there was no time where I was just frustrated or angry, I just wanted the game to restart faster so I could go back to playing.This game is just what VR needs right now to save it from dying, it's an actual game, with actual gameplay, and I sincerely hope the devs don't give up or abandon this project.  If you're looking for a new VR game to play and you're on the fence about this due to the price tag, it's worth it as it stands. I've already gotten more play time out of it than most VR games I have and that was in just one sitting!"
76561198018406615,Recommended,496240,30271724,Posted: 1 March,all,Ryan526,The only VR game that keeps me coming back.
,Recommended,496240,26600975,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,I Squanch You,"Completely blown away at how amazing this game plus the VR work perfectly together.  Game is addictive as hell, fun, and best VR game I've played.  Can't ever go back to a console shooter again. 9000 thumbs up!"
76561197997794666,Recommended,496240,30119400,Posted: 23 February,all,Tikigod,"Best Military Sim for VR.  I am Arma fan and wasn't impressed with Screenshot or Videos for this title.  This is one of those titles where the screenshot and videos do not capture the entire VR experience.  The first time you play this sim you are in shock when standing next to a full 6 foot tall human being in your squad.  Most VR multiplayer games model only hands, head, or chest.  This game models full bodys and gear and the animations are very natural.  Your teamates don't glitch or look awkward while moving or changing postions.  The models for both weapons and gear you carry are very good.  When looking down you see you chest plate carrier, grenade, syringes for first aid, and holstered sidearm.  You also have access to nightvision by using right hand and right trigger finger to activate, a map (if squad leader) from back pocket, a knife from left shoulder harness (pull out using trigger), and radio toggle on left shoulder (side buttons on right paddle).   This is using right hand dominant configuration (game allows you to choose your dominant hand).  At first it seems like alot but, after awhile you start picking up natural movements of releasing magazines and grabbing new ones.  It adds a whole new element of firefights when having to physically go through actions while suppressed or taking cover.  the game also has a practice mode and close quarter firerange you can walkthrough and shoot targets. I highly recommend this to any military sim fan out there.  You won't be disappointed.   Look forward to see updates from this developer."
76561198094178351,Recommended,496240,30162194,Posted: 25 February,all,Tek13,"Very good shooter, probably the second best VR shooter existing.+ Good movement system+ Alot of guns+ Nice community (like in all VR games)+ It's funGet this, really."
,Recommended,496240,33381446,Posted: 8 July,all,STEREO,"This game has come along way!  Love the feel of the weapons and mechanics.  Movement is smooth.  Very realistic.  My only big complaint so far, is that you can't interact with most of your equipment, with your non-dominate hand.  I like to pull and throw grenades with my left hand so I don't have to put my weapon away, but cannot do that in this game, unfortunately.  Overall, this game is very worthy of the price, but be warned, it requires patience and thick-skin.  There are some salty dogs in the community, a few cheaters here and there, and gameplay can go very slow at times.  It's a bit of a personal commitment to play this game."
,Recommended,496240,28887014,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,posty,"Onward is the game that I spend the majority of my VR time in. As it is, it's worth the money and will only get better. A very responsive developer. There are a few bugs at the moment for left handed people, but they should be ironed out soon.The motion system is not for everyone, but it works for me, and I can get VR sick at a standard tolerance level.The community in the game is also a large positive, lots of emergent gameplay things happening. I've had western shootouts with pistols, hostage negotiations and stealth knife-only missions.The roadmap for the game is clear and we're seeing regular content updates. It still feels a little ""rough around the edges"" like most VR early access experiences, but it has been gradually getting more polished with each update.The guns operate really well, the health system is a little primitive but still enough to get the point.What I love about this game is that it is NOT a run & gun sim, while that playstyle can sometimes pay off, teamwork and being aware of your surroundings is crucial to really stomp the other team or get the objective :)There's a lot of potential here, and a lot of fun as it is - I saw it, Valve sees it, and I hope you do too.Stop reading this and buy it already."
76561198042640097,Recommended,496240,34913647,Posted: 12 September,all,stonedwalljack,best VR game i own so damn fun
,Recommended,496240,34981160,Posted: 15 September,all,Sniffles,"Join my first game, get into a group hug, storm the subway, 2 team mates get taken out by a shotgun, I unpin a grenade and throw it down a corridor, kill 2 guys. Me and the other 2 teammates rush forward, my teammate goes to reload, but instead of getting a new mag, unpins his grenade, forgets to throw it, panic and screams and we all turn to mush. Would group hug again. Community is outstanding!"
76561198055801456,Recommended,496240,34426610,Posted: 22 August,all,PizzaCarl,"Realistic enough to be immersive, not so realistic as to be boring. It's challening, but that makes it more fun when you do get a kill. It plays a lot slower than Pavlov, but it's also a lot more intense."
,Recommended,496240,35036052,Posted: 17 September,all,T.Pyrdol,"It's an impressive competative multiplayer shooter for VR, from the likes of counter strike.  It's not that difficult to pick up either and despite me having terrible motion sickness issues with free-locomtion in VR games, this game seems to not make me sick. I tried it during the free-weekend and ended up picking it up after time ran out."
76561198414305838,Recommended,496240,34891803,Posted: 11 September,all,HitmanKo36,"this game is very amazing, almost the dream of any call of duty player."
,Recommended,496240,35037487,Posted: 17 September,all,BULL4NT,"Tried this over the free weekend and I'm sold. Didn't feel sick at all which was surprising since Alien Isolation in VR made me quite ill and I can only handle about 10 minutes of that game.Onward on the other hand, I could play for 3 hours solid without a break and no ill effects.You really need to experience this game for yourself to know how good this really is.If you enjoy mil sims, this is for you.Hats off to the Dev.I'm now looking at a 3rd sensor for my Rift to allow Room scale for this game."
,Recommended,496240,29372439,Posted: 20 January,all,Geferon,"Totally amazing. It has gun realism, like, reloading them, loading them, etc, and an amazing online experience. Everyone seems friendly and its really good. I would totally recommend this game to someone new, even though it gets a little while to get all the basics and maybe you would die with your own nades various times... :P"
76561198010900346,Recommended,496240,35275124,Posted: 28 September,all,LetsGrapple,"Absolutely, hands-down thee game to have if you own a VR set. Doesn't matter if you don't like mil-sims, or slower paced shooters. You are literally doing yourself (and the prodigy of a developer) a huge disservice by not playing this game. The community is alive and well, and there are absolutely no issues finding a game online.The developer is doing something amazing here for VR. It truly baffles my mind how he pulled this off. GIVE HIM YOUR MONEY!! He is the hope for VR first-person shooters, and sets the bar for the competition. One of the few VR puchases I made where I didn't feel ripped off.We finally made it VR.... We finally made it."
76561198390061239,Recommended,496240,35180335,Posted: 24 September,all,Enigma,"Video games, for the longest time, have given us a window into a make-believe world where anything is possible.  VR has done something amazing and, instead of looking in from the outside, has placed us INSIDE THE GAME! Onward does an amazing job of making me feel immersed in a military combat situation. The ambient sounds and effects are subtle but effective and realistic.  The implementation of the inventory system is as real as it gets.  Your magazines, smoke grenades, flashbangs, side arm etc are placed specifically on your virtual body.  Look down and you see your equiptment right where you'd expect in real life. Reloading requires you to drop the magazine from your gun, reach over and grab a new magazine, insert it into your gun and operate the loading mechanism. Going from pressing a single button in traditional games to actually interacting with your inventory ads a level of immersion that just has to be experienced to understand.If you want to imagine what it's like playing this game, just imagine what it's like in real life to engage in combat. The game modes are what you'd expect. There is an objective game mode which requires one team to arrive at an ""uplink"" destination and send a code.  Another game mode requires a single, randomly selected player, to arrive at an extraction point marked by smoke without being eliminated by the other team. The ""VIP"" in this escort game mode has only a pistol and the support of the remaining members of the team to get to the extraction point.This game is a work in progress but make no mistake about it, this game is easily a stand-alone game in it's current form and will only get better as time goes on.  I love playing this game and can't wait to see what lies in store for us next.EDIT: I'm playing this game on the Rift with two cameras.  I have the game settings to allow for room scale.  This means that to turn around I need to turn my whole body around.  I also have my cable suspended above me, works great BTW. I was concerned with turning around so much that I would twist the cable up.  Luckily, I came across a program created by a user called TurnSignal.This program displays an image on the ground below you that twists up as you turn so you can keep your cable from becoming twisted up.  I found it helpful and wanted to share."
,Recommended,496240,35221148,Posted: 26 September,all,G•H•O•S•T,"This is the game you are looking for if you like realistic military shooters!- Onward is a well made VR game with really good Gun mechanics.- Community is actually really fun to play with.- Every round is so intense!- Movement is Locomotion/Walking style (No teleportation, thank god)- Loadout customization availableYou might be thinking: ""Pavlov VR or Onward?""Well, when you got the spare money get both, if not buy Onward."
76561198104680381,Recommended,496240,34962736,Posted: 14 September,all,GBall,"This is the most realistic and immersive military shooter I have ever seen.Depending on your personality and personal experiences, that may or may not make for an enjoyable game.You've been warned."
76561197972223037,Recommended,496240,34963534,Posted: 14 September,all,Edge_DragoonRider,well made game
,Recommended,496240,34960806,Posted: 14 September,all,MastaFoo,"I have not played very much of this game. But I REALLY like it. The guns feel good and sound great doing it, the movement feels good, everything is very well done."
,Recommended,496240,34960852,Posted: 14 September,all,Sakhado,"Its aight, high hopes for the future."
,Recommended,496240,34962164,Posted: 14 September,all,TheCexPanther,"hands down, probably the best game available for VR. nothing else i've tried comes close"
,Recommended,496240,35319044,Posted: 29 September,all,El Yeetus 274,I think this game is amazing! My main suggestion for improvement however is to make the room where you wait between rounds a bit more exciting. This might be as simple as letting us test our loadout with some targets. Really anything to do in that time period would be great as I know that lobby is a reason for a lot of people not playing as often. Hope to see this added in the near future.
,Recommended,496240,31275235,Posted: 21 April,all,vuvux,"A milsim that just works in VR ... probably the biggest success story so far. Locomotion that has now set the words 'onward style' to describe it when similar locomotion is used in other games. It's worth the price by far. The dev is updating, and always adding new stuff. The community is great."
,Recommended,496240,35433465,Posted: 2 October,all,Gamer Griff,The Best Mil-Sim on the market period. This game is sure to give you a scare ever so often. I 500% Reccomend this game to EVERYONE who has the opportunity to own a VR headset.
,Recommended,496240,26978818,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fatmoth1,Super fun
,Recommended,496240,30118796,Posted: 23 February,all,Skipper_PL,"awesome game, best MP for the vr at the moment"
,Recommended,496240,25485409,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,horteKK,"My first review ever on Steam but this game totally deserves it!Onward is super immersing military sim we all have been waiting for. It's fun, co-operative and intense. Go buy it and support Dante, a sole developer working on it.Yes, there are bugs and movement feels a bit clunky but hey, for early access game this is gold. It seems he might be defining some crucial and critial concepts for VR FPS genre. I believe in a matter of 6 months, this game will be gold.Updates recommendations:- Make ""waiting room"" more user friendly;- Smoothen up the  in-game walk movement;- Add another map or two for more variety (office interior, forest, an island maybe);- Create Leaderboards for additional competitivness;- Fix bugs.Good luck and thanks for this experince and hard work!"
76561197995640559,Recommended,496240,29237289,Posted: 13 January,all,Anton Madness,"There's a lot of kind and awesome players in this game and a few rotten apples. I don't care about those rotten ones. There are a few bugs in this game, but I dont care because there's a lot of good play in the game as well. It's my new addiction.This is not CoD, Bf or CS. This is more like a small ArmA. it's great and it is f*kking intense. Its cool to realize that some people actually go and lay down in their room, just to lay down in-game.This... yes... this game.Mister developer, if you read this, go on vacation. Chill. Then when you get back, carry on! Do your thing. Don't listen to me. Or anyone else for that matter."
76561198297441247,Recommended,496240,33360213,Posted: 7 July,all,[DtK] interwebs,Its god dam amazing. Maps are fun and realistic
,Recommended,496240,29673736,Posted: 3 February,all,Lishak,"Great concept, great game, great experience.Nerf the granades plz. Rushin' all day long is bad. I don't like when game just ends in like 3 second becouse some rusher just capped the objective while everyone is hiding from granades.Sometimes you can't just reach for your equipment west becouse it's rotating like crazy but it's early acess or my tracking.I do like the manual reloading but for some reason you can't grab the grip of the gun for like 10 seconds after you let it go...You can't see very far with Vive... that's why I like sniping, but bolt actions are just so pain to use when the ""bolt handle"" is so hard to grab.Anyway... I am realy a big noob to this, but I had a realy big WOOOOOOOW effect from this game. You realy feel good when you kill somebody.(PLZ FIX SHIELDS, THEY PROTECT YOU LIKE A PIECE OF NEWSPAPER!)"
76561198117142413,Recommended,496240,25263144,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,freddyb888,Dream come true. great job.
,Recommended,496240,25247658,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Degrees,"Right now it takes some time to get a match going due to several matchmaking issues but once you find a match and the lobby stays full it's worth the wait. (Maybe I'm exaggerating, finding a working match takes about 5-10 minutes for me)The game seems polished and unpolished at the same time, there are a lot of small non-gamebreaking issues that are so obvious that I can't see how they couldn't fix them while testing.The general feel is very good though. I like the way the UI is done and the lobbies are well designed as well.The gun mechanics are on point, though the recoil could be a litle smoother instead of kicking up instantly (snapping). The ingame voice chat is amazing and you'll be immersed immediately.The gunfights can be very tense and long but also very quick.Overall this game is well worth the price and an amazing piece of work."
76561198067067012,Recommended,496240,25245794,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,BigTunaJake,"I am blown away. 2 hours later, and I just wanna go back and play more. This is the future of the Vive right here. Tactical gunplay, realistic sounds, and goddamn that artificial locomotion is PERFECT. not a single hiccup of motion sickness. This is the only game Im gonna be playing on the Vive for weeks on end."
76561197991271435,Recommended,496240,30431754,Posted: 10 March,all,[pDw]NeBo♥,This is simply a super solid and fun vr shootr! It takes a little time in the start to understand everything but you quickly get the hang of it! Thumbs up!
76561197971728046,Recommended,496240,25340139,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,WilkinsMicawber,"I consider myself a hardcore gamer that needs interesting, nuanced gameplay in every game I spend time in. This is the first VR game I can say has such. There is nothing wrong with it worth mentioning. The objective changing places from match to match makes every game refreshing and unpredictable. Every design choice speaks of a developer who is passionate about creating a game with the best mechanics possible. This is the only competitive game on the Vive worth playing, as well as the only game I currently play. 10/10"
,Recommended,496240,25343858,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,echelon  n i n e,"Play my very first game, being a total noob I mistake a team member for the enemy and shoot at him, he kills me and then within seconds gets killed himself. I'm then subjected to his tantrum as he then spends the next 4 minutes in the lobby berating me to anyone who would listen. I would gladly shoot you again. 10/10"
,Recommended,496240,26221205,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Box,"I need to play more of this, this is a whole new level of milsim."
,Recommended,496240,28132914,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,HouseOwl,"I Dont Play this Too Much But It Definately Worth Having. Its Great At Making You Realize Virtual Real life Is Hard.One thing I Really Love Is, I Have Yet Run Into A ""Little Kids"" Playing This... Great Community Of Players.Atleast 10 Rooms Of 8 Players Once A Day. And Atleast 6 Player To play With At The Weirdest Times. (3am PST)"
,Recommended,496240,29809152,Posted: 9 February,all,Izallith,"Onward is the type of game that makes VR worth buying. Forget Battlefield, it's for amateurs. With this game you have to consider your own body position, want to 360 no scope? Let's see if you can jump and turn around in real life.Oh and 10/10 would talk non-sense at spawn until enemies kill us all the time."
76561198040852938,Recommended,496240,25304397,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,jilthrom,This is why we bought VR
76561198162980251,Recommended,496240,25773947,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,dblue_one,"Being a guy prone to motion sickness, Onward was not a exception for me, started slowly, small periods in the shooting range every day and today i made my first hour playing multiplayer, without any dizzness or MS, so i can say that i got my ""VR Legs"" from this game. What can i say, the most real you can get from a FPS, reallity, immersion, all the things you search in a War Game. As bugs? yes! But even so is money very well spent for anyone that as a Vive. Got get it now!"
76561198045055819,Recommended,496240,33455277,Posted: 11 July,all,The Doef,"insanely good game, wish more vr creators would consider trackpad movement as teleporting is terrible"
,Recommended,496240,33931392,Posted: 31 July,all,✪ DrDeath,This game has created a standard for movement and fps gameplay for VR games.Must buy if you like FPS or are/where in the military
,Recommended,496240,25326411,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Nidhoggr,This game + pr0n is why we bought VR
76561198247165428,Recommended,496240,28814804,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,eliotmon,The most fun game I've played in vr yet. Absolutely blown away. Anyone with vr should get this one.
76561197980684103,Recommended,496240,34874328,Posted: 10 September,all,ARRANOX,"I was on this team with a newbie, who at the start of a round yelled how do i crouch??? he may have realised the answer to that question as his team mates where laying on the ground laughing.so over to my Rift user review:Since this game is developed for the Vive controllers the grip button is used as a toggle, so if you open your hand the gun is still glued to your hand. and you have to grip it again to release it. but you get used to it and other than that the guns handle and sound really well and are soo satisfying to shoot and reload.If you are new to VR you might get motion sick from playing this game, but dont give up on it, play something thats comfortable to you until you handle it better. then give this a go again."
76561198030691926,Recommended,496240,35072179,Posted: 19 September,all,Ryguy,"I played this from an Oculus Rift.I'm one of those who took advantage of the free Onward weekend. I never bought this game previously as I had some concerns from things I had heard (horrible community, motion sickness) but I was intrigued at playing Call of Duty VR so I gave it a go.Onward's positives far outweigh the negatives that I experienced. It is what I had hoped it would be and while some of my concerns were justified, it did not make the grave mistake of frustrating or making the new player angry and I put in some time to learn this thing. I was not so kind to BAM.To be brief, you need to learn this game before you play it. It's not like learning Elite Dangerous, but it is more of a learning curve than Robot Recall. It's war and it's unforgiving. That means following through with the tutorial, spending some time in the shooting ranges/solo campaigns, and reading some tips online. That helped a lot and is probably why I was not on the recieving end of any significant verbal abuse. I was awful for my first couple of days - you could find my corpse a minute into any game with a bullet in the head - and it wasn't until day 3 that I finally pulled through some very gratifying multiplayer games. There is a clear discrepency in skill levels between newbs and vets.I won't describe the war-play, that is evident from the trailers. You should know that you need to learn how to load the guns but that turned out to be very easy. What I will talk about are the concerns I had going in. First off, the community has a notorious reputation for being verbally abusive. And yes, I have heard some of that first hand now. The devs need a better way to police online speech and behavior beyond the existing measures. Onward is not the only game with this issue, nearly any VR multiplayer has it. Even though the racism level is high (the #1 issue I noticed), there are a lot of very good and helpful community members who took no part in that. It seems you might have to ""fish"" for the right room to join if you are uncomfortable. I am going to call this a growing pain of the VR community at large and not an indictment of this game. People will say anything if they feel there are no repercussions.Second worry I had was with motion sickness. I am sensitive to it and this game does not use teleportation. But you know what? I did not get any. I played for hours last night and I felt fine. Maybe my VR legs are slowly kicking in but there has been no issue with locomotion at all. Maybe the in-game tension is enough of a distraction that the brain doesn't have time to press the barf button.One thing to note to my Oculus using friends: There are some Steam-related things you should be aware of. First, you must launch this game through Steam even though it will appear in your Oculus library. If you don't, there is no multiplayer and I couldn't even get the shooting range to load. Second, launch the game from inside the Steam VR home room. I don't know why, but if I launch through my library, I have audio issues (All audio goes to my monitor regardless of my settings and my mic will not function). I have yet to experience that issue when launching from the Steam home room and that has been a fix for a couple of different games now. And one more note on the audio: Make sure you double check the Steam VR audio settings. Make sure sound is being sent to your Rift and the mic is set to Rift on launch and back to where you want it to be when you quit Steam VR. This has been reset randomly a few times now so save yourself the agony of having to reload and double check before you launch."
,Recommended,496240,34977029,Posted: 15 September,all,Green Theft Auto,"Oculus Rift user..Sitting at 200+ hours in this game so far...Onward has become the defining VR experience for me. This isn't COD, it isn't Battlefield, its closer to Rainbow Six in play style. Run and gun won't get you far. One life so you better make it count. If you like tactical, communicative, objective based gameplay this is your game. There is a learning curve for sure but once you spend a few minutes learning the ropes and run through the practice course a few times it becomes intuitive. It has the best community of any game I've ever played hands down and a growing league that is crazy fun. VR is all about establishing a high level of immersion and this game has it in spades!!!"
,Recommended,496240,26578276,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,M0rdresh,"If you're into multiplayer in a contemporary setting, this is easily the best on the VR market. To stand near your squad mates realistically with a fully functional assault rifle including realistic magazine reload mechanic; it is something else.The game is quite competitive but with a great community. The playerbase is welcoming, talkative and passionate. According to numerous statistics this game is in the top 3 of concurrent online players among VR multiplayer games; I never had to wait to find a game at any time of day.There are several maps, some huge ones, some close quarters and a recent welcome addition of a rather fast paced urban setting. There are numerous weapons; gorgeously detailed. The game locomotion, how you move in the game, is heralded in the VR community as one of the best.I recommend this game."
,Recommended,496240,25371382,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,dead bard,"Yeah ok, it's worth the price.I can see myself sinking some time into this.Just a word to the wise, don't go barging into this game expecting an arcadey action packed shooter like CoD or Battlefield, this is a mil-sim to the core, slow action, realistic weapons, permadeath(unless more modes are added in the future) and most of all, strategy and communication will win your battles, not 360° no-scope and that ♥♥♥♥jazz."
76561198288964020,Recommended,496240,25292616,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,chiller-killer-uk,this game is pretty well developed but still very buggy. the motion controls are all over the place most of the time i cant reach for my shringe everything is to compact. ive never got past the first round of ammo because ive tried everything to reload but to no avail. the pistol is easy though. i feel the graphics could do with a polish and grenade explosions look bland. wish i had waited until this was further in development. it will make one hell off a game when completed. another thing at the shooting range there should be a tutorial mode to show you how to reload and use equipment.despite my grips it's still the most intense game i have played on the vive
76561198096015367,Recommended,496240,29131834,Posted: 8 January,all,Fierent,"This game, jeez, it is easily the best VR game that I have played, I have the top 12 games on the top sellers, and the motion with trackpad, community of the game, and overall competitive nature is all my style. Exciting future ahead with dante at valve, and the community within the reddit and discord server is just amazing, ton of fun and helpful people. If you want to have fun with VR, get this game"
,Recommended,496240,25246656,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,smg.N1mr0d,simply ♥♥♥♥ing awesome12/10
,Recommended,496240,25248196,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,seukari,"TLDR; This game is very immersive, has good mechanics and solid gameplay, it just needs a little polishing. If you're happy to play a game that is good, but just requires some extra lovin' that is likely coming then pick this up. 7/10Gameplay: The ability to kill/be killed is definitely there, and you feel every bullet wizzing past your head. The guns feel good and require manual operation, such as reloading and using the cocking lever, but it isn't so precise that you feel like you're trying to do surgery with marshmellows on your fingers. The balance and leeway is really good. My only two real issues with combat are that if you want to use your map you need to put all your guns away (So you can't be holding a handgun in one hand and a map in the other), andthat if you die at the start of a round you have to stand over your dead body until the round ends (Could be up to 15 minutes) without being able to watch the fightI was just informed this was me being 'injured' and that I could have been revived from this position, fair enough! Bonus: There are a lot of options for preference, such as left or right handed, pistol position (Chest/Thigh), how items are gripped, and the like.Visuals: It isn't the prettiest game, but that doesn't affect it that much for me- If anything the distinction between the surroundings and the people is low enough that you can be sneaky, but not so low that you can't pick out targets on a bright day. The textures are not photorealistic, but they're adequate to me, however, the level design isn't perfect (Its fine. I wouldn't say its good or bad, but fine) and there is an issue with the terrain on one map, however, I've never had an issue with being stuck or unable to get where I want to go.Controls: The controls are a little-bit fumbly and unsure at times, but when it works it works quite well; Its easy to switch weapons and use the items on your belt, however, I have had difficulty returning items to my belt (Like when I decide to try to throw a grenade, then remember what happened to my lightbulb last time and try to put it away), but actually using items is usually very good. Walking is fluid and uses a 'press a direction on the thumbpad to drift that way' movement system. It works well and you can move in any direction regardless of the direction you're facing, however, the distiction between running and walking is kind of gray and I had to learn how to move faster than a mildly panicked stroll in the middle of gunfights, but once you learn that holding your gun downwards makes you move faster (I understand the reasoning, but I think its a clunky and unintuitive implementation) it makes it a lot easier.Multiplayer/Latency: The multiplayer seems solid, I didn't have lag issues and voices were generally pretty clear. The only real issue I had was the in-game menu during the lobby, where the wrong number of players would be placed in the wrong teams (This occasionally transferred into game, to the surprise of our now five-man squad) but this is usually mitigated by people just saying when they're actually ready.Overall: A good game, and a very solid base. It feels like a game that has a lot of love put into it, but lacks the finishing touch. This is totally excusable, in my opinion, given that its early access, however, I'm still going to judge it as the product it is now, not excusing it for any issues. This still leaves it at a healthy 7/10, with room to push it up to 10 if the above are addressed, and ideally more game modes and maps are added. Still, its very fun for what it is now, despite that I'd say the price would be more appropriate at about 2/3rds of what it is now."
,Recommended,496240,25653257,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,[SP] Szoguner,"My favourite VR game for the Vive, and the first Vive game i bought.Great community, new content and updates.Pros:You can be a soldierYou can kill peopleYou can kill yourselfConsAt the moment, only one game type with long respawn time10/10 would suicide by pressing the wrong button again"
,Recommended,496240,31350952,Posted: 24 April,all,deadsparton7,Onward is a very intercative a game and seems very realistic i usaly just use the shooting range because there are not any Australian servers and this game chews through it so it takes ages to get into a game then i last 30 seconds but that is only cause i suck because it takes me so long to get into a game to train still if you live in the US play it asesome game.
76561197971812938,Recommended,496240,26583965,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,SoloSebo,I was running a 960 GTX. Couldnt get a single kill because of the lag!then i installed a 1070 GTX... Couldnt get a single kill because of ....Will die again 10/10!....The best FPS in VR. If your machine can run it don't hesitate to buy this one.
,Recommended,496240,30417144,Posted: 9 March,all,Savage Crabs,Good stuff.
,Not Recommended,496240,31185568,Posted: 16 April,all,Ballista,To be a great game when performance issues are fixed. I can't enjoy it because of constant fps drops and complete game freezes.I will change my review to positive as soon as game perfomance is at playable level. Don't buy now if you're an Oculus Rift user.
76561197987603376,Recommended,496240,30390616,Posted: 8 March,all,saiko44,Cool game for the VR Linda Get the counter strike feeling when i game it
76561197969409472,Recommended,496240,25245246,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,SRotten,"I've been waiting for this release since getting my Vive and Wow, I must say big difference between this and Battlefield and other FPS'.  Talk about putting you in the battle, I just went through the kill house and it felt more like I was playing paintball than a video game.  The biggest thing I was worried about was motion sickness, but it never was a problem!  The touch pad for movement is an interesting way to do it and it didn't feel too awkward, but it was a little too sensitive as I moved a few times when I didn't want to... but hey it is early access and those little things don't even begin to take away from the experience I had.In addition to an option to make the movement a pad press instead of touch, one other thing I'd like to try is an option to use the trigger in my off hand to hold the forward grip (when you release the trigger you release the grip) instead of a toggle. I had several times when the hand would come off the weapon unexpectedly.  Again, just some critiques of where to take the game but if you have ANY interest at all in a VR FPS, this is top notch... and I haven't even gotten into mult-player yet.  Way to go on this groundbreaking title! AAA+"
76561198159594765,Recommended,496240,33840899,Posted: 27 July,all,Siracs,This game is awesome in every way but I would love more gamemodes like One in the chamber or Hostage mode from the youtuber Jigsaw. So the only thing I dont like is the amount of gamemodes but I do know that way more things will be added and I hope this is one of the things they add
76561198019546707,Recommended,496240,25340060,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Floyd,"This game is not overhyped, it's not gimmicky, but instead everything you've always wanted. This is THE fps vr game. If you always wanted to be INSIDE  a BF or ARMA game, THIS IS THE GAME. It plays exactly how you expect it to, and the dev is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.If you own a Vive, there is no reason why you shouldn't own this. I guarentee you that it'll be your top 3 VR games, you could always refund it! But trust me, you won't..edit: The only VR game that I still come back to to play since I bought it."
,Recommended,496240,25596991,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,msmcdoodle2011,Hello I am not complaining I was just woundering have you thought about maybe adding ladys soldier to the lineup of char? There are not only men that go to the army but ladys too. 5'6 and I am 5'4 and char modle dosen't line up with my hight as a lady player I find the game to be enjoyable just food for thought maybe one day you could add a hight that might suit a lady soldier?  <3 ='.'= <3p.s.I do reallly enjoy the game  -+.+- :<3:\-/
,Not Recommended,496240,34907447,Posted: 12 September,all,Dealman,"Consistently get some weird FPS bug after dying, happens both in SP and MP. Only solution is to restart the game entirely. In a 1 hour session I have to restart the game probably 4-5 times. No crashes, though.Aiming is extremely awkward, the game offers absolutely 0 stabilization to accomodate for the lack of being able to push the weapon against your shoulder. Something that I believe HAS to be implemented.People having some kind of stock to help stabilize their aim will absolutely tear you apart each and every time.If you're not used to it, the movement might throw you off at first. If so, play it in short sessions, start moving slowly and a bit erratically. Increase your speed and make your movement a bit more fluid/dynamic as you feel fit. Eventually it'll go away entirely.Control scheme is a mess and doesn't follow the typical ""standard"" that other VR FPS games do. You grip your weapons with the grip button, but not your other equipment - you grab that using trigger. For some people this is fine, I absolutely hate it.So thus far, no I can't really recommend it. Apparently the team is very small(apparently one guy or so working on it?)so I doubt updates will be anything but a common sight.The goofy nature of it is great, but it's a lot more polish for me to recommend it."
76561198041405506,Not Recommended,496240,34822100,Posted: 8 September,all,rockittt,"So before I get to it, Il give it credit for the following.LOCOMOTION! Not many VR games do this and there needs to be more! Too many VR games rely on unrealistic teleporting mechanics which... is unrealistic and breaks immersion so this is good that it has Locomotion.Great graphics and sound! Well... the graphics are on par... theyre OK nothing groundbreaking, literally the ground is the worst looking part but everything else is nice.Intuitive and easy control scheme for picking up weapons from your vest, using items to heal yourself among other thingsLots of weapons and equipmentNow the bad things!For those like me who are not fortunate to have a giant space to move around you have to rely on the in games turning controls which again, is fantastic even some games which do have locomotion often dont have ingame turning!What isnt good is that it works whenever the hell it wants to...I can rotate my character clockwise no problem but turning counterclockwise I swear it works only when it wants to! The idea is that you simply place your finger on the dominant hands controllers track pad to turn in said direction, I checked my controllers by pressing the home button on the controller to see my raw inputs and the controller works just fine when I inspect that but still turning left is an absolute nightmare! I have to resort to moving my real body counterclockwise or just pressing right untill ive turned enough to be satisfied.I for some reason couldnt play online! call me stupid but I think your supposed to choose a class, set it up and then press start mission/ok I do that and the game says game starting in 5... but then when it ""starts"" it just goes back to ""waiting for host"", this happened numerous times so I resorted to playing SOLOGameplay on the most part was like a really bad but good game, Like ""see how long you can survive against ninja aim dudes, the enemy is WAYYY more accurate than any VR hero will ever be so I resorted to just camping and blindfiring which I didnt really enjoy so I got bored.Overall, its an Okay game... but it needs some work and is not worth the asking price that it currently sits at."
,Recommended,496240,25245265,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Darth Brady,Played for just over an hour as i wrote this review. Really pleased with the game been pretty easy to find and join lobbys. The lobby when waiting for a match it a little bare but the gameplay more then makes up for it. For anyone worried about the locomotion i played for ten minutes in the shooting range to get use to the movement and after that it was fine. A must have for Vive owners and anyone who enjoys shooters.
76561198010925361,Recommended,496240,25297289,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Whitby,"Took a bit of tinkering to get working, but this is ultimately one of the best experiences I've had with VR and infact in any game.Would I recommend this game in it's current state? It's not for everyone, but if your a MILSIM or even Airsofter, this is the one to get."
76561197997814025,Recommended,496240,25741110,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Ingenious,"Best vr game at the moment!!Can play this for hours.Good job on the game mode, havent Felt this pressure since mohaa. No minimap is awesome.Maybe a free for all mode or instant spawning for guys who dont have the time to wait several rounds.And keep the maps coming.Running on gtx970 with no lagging. Occasional black screen of death happens when leaning into walls.Great game!"
,Recommended,496240,25735587,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Crock Bot,"BY FAR the best game I have on the VIVE.  I'm VERY prone to motion sickness, but I don't get any with this game.  For about the first 30 seconds, I had a little.  After that, no problem at all.    Do yourself a favor & get this game.It'd be very cool if the ""zombies"" mode people play was actually a real mode.  It could be on the menu with war & firing range.  That mode is a BLAST!!  Zombies please, Dante, please"
,Recommended,496240,29595604,Posted: 30 January,all,for whom the bell hooks,"This game is the natural evolution of the mil-sim shooter. Exhilarating and tense, it bring a level of realism that annual graphics enhancements can't do for COD or Battlefield.  Its what I've always wanted."
,Recommended,496240,25641687,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Sprite/Vane 👌,"Hands down the best VR game i've played.As a big fan of Arma and Squad, this blew my mind.Only downside is lots of waiting time. There needs to be a deathmatch gamemode where you keep respawning and dont have to wait everytime you die."
76561197970715975,Recommended,496240,31904780,Posted: 22 May,all,Thrillseeker,This is my favorite VR Shooter.It has a large player base so you'll never be on your own.The handling of the guns and items feel very realistic.It has a bit of a learning curve but it pays off once you get the hang of it.The graphics may not be triple A but the gameplay makes up for that.Occasionally there may be a few bugs or some slow movement but I'm sure these glitches will be ironed out as the development continues.I recommend this game to anyone who likes Counterstrike.
,Recommended,496240,33405126,Posted: 9 July,all,Nick Reeee,Runnin and gunnin
,Recommended,496240,29588569,Posted: 30 January,all,Noics,First thing I did was shoot myself in the face10/10 would commit suicide again
76561198086631901,Recommended,496240,26234695,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Jay,i can hug my teammates. 11/10other than that games great i pretty much bought a vive for it. well worth your money.
,Recommended,496240,32258823,Posted: 7 June,all,ZANO,AWESOME I love this game its intense to say the least
76561198118667569,Recommended,496240,25271262,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Stoned Kakapo,"7 hours was neough to conclude that this game is not only ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and the game that the vive desperately needs and a game that ACCTUALLY delivers even while in early access, but it shows an immesnse amount of promise. It can play on a 970 but if you dont know what the ♥♥♥♥ you are doing or how to work your PC, you may have issues (it should work out of the box, but people are stupid and blame the application for their prior ♥♥♥♥ ups). Out of the 7 hours of continued play, I've only crashed once but that was an issue on my part. I am running this on a gtx 1080 strix with a factory set OC, running the vive at 2x the resolution and a i7 6700k @ 4.5ghz with no lag or major frame dips. My only complaint is the running function, it can be a little janky but you eventually get used to it and I am sure it will be revamped or fixed with time. Very easy to pick up and play and you wont find yourself lost unless you are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. If you want to clear house to house i.e. some MOUT training and ARMA 3 leaves much to be desired in this aspect; this is the game for you. dont let the 4 v 4 fool you, thats enough people for a very intense firefight. I browsed the negative review section to see if there were any valid cons (there are, but they arent anywhere near major issues unless you have down syndrome and don't understand what early access means. the game is very playable and keeps you coming back for more and more; that's very good for an early access.)"
76561198022136416,Recommended,496240,26063350,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,XenoAlbedo,10/10 let me kill myself
76561198255454294,Recommended,496240,33570435,Posted: 15 July,all,BK Chicken Tenders,"This is my second favorite game of all time and a REQUIREMENT to get if you have a vr. I have had almost no issue getting into matches and enjoyed all of them that I have taken part in. Aiming in vr and firing guns such as a sniper rifle in VR may take a little time to get used to, but that only adds to the replay value and fun. Please buy this game and support the developers."
76561198032031629,Recommended,496240,33933388,Posted: 31 July,all,A Player,10\10 SULD BUY AGAIN
,Recommended,496240,26192306,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Jerkamie,I like it
76561198068633638,Recommended,496240,25269442,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,StingingRumble,"I cannot recommend this game enough, it's the first Vive game that I have been shaking with anticipation to play again when I take off the headset. you are so incredibly immersed in the game that the time between engagements is terrifying... scanning the distance for the enemy.. talk over the radio ""I have a visual over"" line up the shot... miss... get shot at..♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants.. run into your own wall trying to take cover xD the game is in early days but notice how every review has a lot of hours played. It's the first Vive game where I see that... best game on the Vive hands down, might be my favourite game of allTime.. 200 players online everyday for the last week.. it's incredible .. just buy it.. it's that good"
76561198141364702,Recommended,496240,34681074,Posted: 2 September,all,GayLord,Dope
,Recommended,496240,29050597,Posted: 5 January,all,Igotdild4u,"On the HTC Vive, this is easily my favorite game (VR or not.) Even though it can be buggy, it's an early access game. If youre looking for a Call of Duty type game, this isnt for you, it plays more so like Insurgency, or other millitary sims, running and gunning will rarely work out wellPros:• The gun control and aiming feels very similar to a real gun• Local voice chat, only people around you can hear you talk unless you use your radio (Even enemies)• One of the best shooters avaliable in VR (in my opinion)• Chest rig system allows for more immersive usage of equipment, no items teleporting to your hand• Playing has about the same feel as playing paintball/airsoft but if you lose you die• Doesnt make me motion sick, although only one games ever done that to me• Fairly good movement system. It feels fluid and i rarely have any trouble out of it except when I try to sprint in a hurry and fumble with the remote• Just a very fun game in general(Its easier for me to think of Cons than Pros)Cons:• Dying early in the round may mean youll be waiting a good 10-15 minutes doing nothing, which may mean if youre not already semi-decent at tactical shooters, you won't be learning as easily in this game.• Some crazy bugs tend to happen. I seen one guy lose his hand up his♥♥♥♥♥and had to play the whole round one handed, but again its early access so this is expected.• If youre easily frustrated, new players will almost always ruin your day. From mistaking you as an enemy to grenade malfunctions, its really easy to screw up on this game if youre not sure what youre doing• 2 game mode and a few maps. This will probably change but as of now, the variety is not that large although the game is still very fun.• Although this may be due to the Vive's capibilities,  the resolution at far distances is fairly crappy. it isnt bad enough you cant see people, but its enough that you cannot tell if its a friendly, enemy or a tree branch.All in all I believe it was completely worth it,  and im excited for what the game has in store in the future."
,Recommended,496240,34738877,Posted: 4 September,all,Mr. Harris,>be me>launch Onward>get into multiplayer lobby>game starts>run around whole map trying to find someone>sneak up behind someone>hype.jpeg>try to shoot>sensors dont pick you up>killed>get♥♥♥♥♥♥talked by your spectating team10/10 would play again
76561198046846385,Recommended,496240,28580859,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Weathers,Get this. It's what you were looking for.10/10
76561198040841520,Recommended,496240,29366324,Posted: 19 January,all,RhinoExhibit,This is an absolute blast to play.  There is no respawning so 1 bullet often takes you out of the game until the next round.  Lots of tactics involved with hunting humans and being hunted.  Love this game!
76561198137894113,Recommended,496240,29456553,Posted: 23 January,all,SaulGoodman,"The best VR game there is for mulitplayer hands down! This game uses trackpad movement and its soooo much better than teleport. You can also find tons of lobbies to play. The game itself is incredible with every video game aspect being close to real life. Manual reloading, pressing your walkie talker, using the charging handle on your gun, pulling the pins on grenades, looking down the sight as in real life, these are all things that onward does very well of replicating. This game is so immersive and so fun you will never want to stop. JUST BUY IT. 10/10"
,Recommended,496240,25581601,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,StuntzMcKenzy,"I can't lie I wasn't too excited about this game when I first heard about it. I already own Hover Junkers and was a fan of it, but had stopped playing for certain reasons (not the games fault). I also purchased Battle Dome, but was a little disappointed by the restriction of movement. So, I was planning on sitting on the sidelines for this one, until the game could get a good amount of content.However, I got the itch shoot some realistic guns at some realistic targets, after watching a trailer for another VR game. I was leaning towards the other game, because I thought Onward would inspire field generals and I didn't want to deal with. But, I'm happy to say that my experience was the exact oppisite, people were nice, and other than the occasional streamer, everyone acts as a equally ranked squad.This game along with a few others is what most people imagined a VR FPS would be like. A lot of people say this is like Arma in VR and I wouldn't deny that completely. But as someone who grew up a console gamer then joined enthusiast race in 2010 (and played ARMA2&3), I'd say it's SOCOM VR. A few city blocks on each map, small units, and few buildings to climb and peak out of. Additionally, if realism is big for you, I can say if you ever served or handled weapons you'll probably have an advantage a slight advantage.Graphics:7/10 not a huge deal when you're just trying not to get shotSound:8.5/10 proximity chat is a nice touch, you can also tell the difference in whether someone shooting or shooting at you.Gunplay: 8.5/10 the gus overall feel fun to shoot, but with the size of the maps some of the sights seem ranged inefficientlyMaps/Gameplay: 8/10 There's 4 different designs and at least 2 with alternate night modes (I haven't played since the Subway was added), and there's an attack side and a defending side. So the objective is either hold or attack, while either navigating about 2 or 3 city blocks of space with multiple small buildings (some multi leveled) to hold up in."
76561198085351853,Recommended,496240,33674220,Posted: 20 July,all,Markhor,"If your curious if it's good, just buy it and have all doubts removed."
76561198124369152,Recommended,496240,33789686,Posted: 25 July,all,coltelrichardson,Best VR game I have played and with the recent update adding bots you can play aginst its even easier for new players to get used to the mechanics rather than just jumping into mp and geting your a** kicked several times till you figure it out if you have roomscale vr GET THIS GAME!!!
76561197960706896,Recommended,496240,33828090,Posted: 27 July,all,THE ROCK,"This game is amazing, like a dream come true.The trailer of this game isnt showing how cool this game is, it is super realistic and witha rifle stock almost real, this game is the only game i play right now."
,Recommended,496240,28597211,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Therandus,"I know you hear this alot from different vr games, but despite its bugs and performance issues, this game and its VR mechanics are what we need more of and i see it as THE BEST VR GAME  currently and BEST VR MECHANICS, touchpad locomotion (which i will admit needs some work), and interacting with things on different parts of your body, this is what VR games need. Its a fun but small game once you get used to it that you can keep playing over and over because its fun."
,Recommended,496240,25532728,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,⊕ Thund3r♠Pilot,amazing! such a great proof-of-concept for FPS in VR.. I love everything about it and its definitely my favorite game so far.
,Recommended,496240,25904764,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,J-Billions,This is one of my favorite Vive games! This is what an FPS is suppose to feel like! Nice work!
,Recommended,496240,25404665,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,fdjkndfgjkn (Helen Keller) ✅,Great game not worth $25 yet but it will be if he addes enough content to it.This game is a trendsetter.. This game will be the Call of Duty of the Vive if he doesn't lose interest in working on it and the impending franchise.Very little content in the game... many bugs and performance issues once you get over 3-4 people in a match.None of this stood in the way of the enjoying the game..If things seem a little blurry aiming down sights at long ranges Google (supersampling) on Vive.. literally once line of text added to the config and you can increase the resolution..Will cost a lot more performance.I have nearly 0 performance issues aside from random CPU spikes witha i5-4690K OC'd and a single GTX 1080 OC to ~2.1 w/ GPU Boost 3.0
76561198008790660,Recommended,496240,25357915,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Scilya,"TLDR: BUY IT!This game is a great package, the gun selection is fantastic. Sound is spot on and the VOIP makes is a great squad game.no running, bunnyhopping and spray and prey here.slow, tactical squad combat with a limeted ammount of ammo. If you randomly spray you will run out!!dont be afraid to get down and dirty and go prone or kneel.its just ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!!"
76561198284296353,Recommended,496240,30872531,Posted: 1 April,all,otoman90,All honesty it's good and all but would be great to see the scoreboard during gameplay to see how many people are alive or dead.Also would be great if the we can see the map in each teams.
76561198334510887,Recommended,496240,33903570,Posted: 30 July,all,cohenjarr7890,This game is tottaly worth it and the only thing i would like to see improve is some of the detail in buildings like furniture and little things like that. but would definately recomend awsome game!!
,Recommended,496240,35074114,Posted: 19 September,all,Mtab92,Can give You PTSD
76561198039143834,Recommended,496240,25279743,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,balance808,Only had the game two days and can easily say this is the best multiplayer game for VR. Amazing. I can't see what will come of this game. It's literally a game changer in the gaming industry.
,Recommended,496240,35025144,Posted: 17 September,all,Tristan49,Bought this game after the free weekend - was very impressed. Haven't spent so much time in a VR game before.
,Recommended,496240,35016477,Posted: 17 September,all,Darkstar826,"COOL GAME, but one problem. For Oculus Rift users. Running doesn't work right. I know it's not my controller because it works on other games.  Here is the problem... When you double click twice and go forward. It only work for 5 secs. Then you walk super slow. It's like the endpoint of the stick isnt right. I tried it on my HTC VIVE. it works good.  You need to FIX this issue."
76561197988258117,Recommended,496240,30364476,Posted: 6 March,all,Meat Cake,How do I turn on my night vision?  <accidently shoots self in head>10/10A must have title for the Vive.
76561198059394704,Recommended,496240,30364806,Posted: 6 March,all,thats_right_its_me_luck,10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,496240,28217312,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,T-800,So real it gives you PTSD
76561197961666077,Not Recommended,496240,26496345,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,recursethreads.com,"I really dig the idea for this game, but the movement mechanic makes me nauseous. I really dig the teleport mechanic in Rec Room and other games, and usually don't have a problem with nausea and VR. I feel bad saying that I don't recommend the game, because the game itself is awesome."
,Not Recommended,496240,32528263,Posted: 17 June,all,hillman56,"Had the game, couldn't get past the start screen because it kept booting me back to the menu no matter what I did. My connection was perfectly fine. I tried to find a solution but the guy who made a thread about it never got a response. So I browse the the discussions for the game and find a thread that some guy made because he had some problems. A troll responded with ""get a better computer"" when that CLEARLY wasn't the issue. Another troll said the same thing and he said ""oh look my mommy bought me vr so I can go troll everyone because I have the best computer"" And the forum moderator out of nowhere said ""consider this a warning, that tone is not welcome here"" So I responded to the mod and told him that instead of telling the guy not to defend himself from trolls he should actually do his job and help the dude. So what happens then? The forum mod bans ME for a month for ""instigating a flame war"" I didn't even finish looking for help I just refunded it. Not worth the time when you get no support from the devs or anyone on their team. Waste of a game."
,Recommended,496240,25278374,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Moose,Grouped up for a prematch handshake. Pulled out a grenade. Killed everyone on my team.10/10 would teamkill again.
76561198041950167,Recommended,496240,25296411,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,shmahat,"Firstly.Do you want to play a buggy game, or maybe even not get to play it sometimes? If not, then you don't like early access games and your shouldn't buy them.Me? I love watching a game grow through early access.What this game has achieved, just realising the premise alone, is amazing, and I'm looking forward to the updates, and see this take shape...I FRICKIN' LOVE VR!"
,Recommended,496240,33635083,Posted: 18 July,all,danikuliner,a must have for VR
,Recommended,496240,31636941,Posted: 8 May,all,[CHAD] Stitch,"The gold standard of VR shooters right now.  Very positive dev/community relationship and things are being constantly upgraded, updated and improved. Also a very active community with games always running, which can't be said for many VR titles.This game is a great time overall."
,Recommended,496240,29194563,Posted: 11 January,all,SGT America,"Imagine a PvP version of ArmA 3 set on much smaller Call of Duty sized maps.  Now imagine it in VR.  It is as good as they say.  Still needs player progression or something though IMO, but in my top 3 games available for VR."
,Recommended,496240,34722298,Posted: 3 September,all,Anime Is Trash And So Am I,A must buy for anyone owning a VR set.
76561198059796536,Not Recommended,496240,29051057,Posted: 5 January,all,Minia the Nine Tailed Fox,"Onward is an interesting game, it shows where the FPS genre could go when developed for VR and it certainly has a lot of expectations and opportunity that I have no doubt we will see in the coming years as VR develops.Onward gets you involved in a much more realistic manner to classic FPS games such as battlefield or Call of Duty, you're able to aim and fire your weapon in a very natural manner as if it were real life. You reload and charge the bolt of the rifle yourself and can change the firing modes as well and it is all very nice. You must remove the pins off grenades and then throw them which is good fun, you can even cook grenades! As someone who has fired all kinds of weapons and gone through cadetship you can really appreciate a lot of the work that went into this.However this is where things start going wrong. As an early accesss game it does need a lot polishing. For a start when I had to♥♥♥♥♥♥my weapon after a reload I would often hit my controllers together which was rather annoying and would not always allow me to charge the weapon fully. This can be... very stressful when getting shot at. I also had a lot of trouble hearing sounds when in the game, sometimes I could not tell whether someone had just stepped next to me or behind me. And it wasn't just sounds I had problems with, visual aspects of the game were quite straining to my eyesight. I don't wear glasses and have good vision, but the resolution problems with early VR access does make it hard to tell at a distance whether that object is an enemy standing still or a letterbox.Other issues included teamkilling. It has happened to me multiple times where a teammate may accidentally shoot me in the round or on purpose at the start. I find it frustrating that they don't seem to get punished, you can initiate a votekick but it is useless if they are playing with their friends.These are just things I have observed with only 1.3 hours of gameplay. It certainly is a short time but overall I did not enjoy it. I do feel that this game and the fps genre have a lot of potential in VR, but that potential is yet to be realised in this game. Right now I cannot recommend this game, especially when, at the time of writing this, it costs almost £20. I do not believe the experience I gained from this game was worth it which is why I asked for a refund and do not recommend this game."
76561198240617852,Recommended,496240,25257902,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,B.O.R.G.2,Fantastic game. whilst the locomation takes some getting used to it works fantastically well.Had some issues with ejecting empty cartridges from the sniper guns but overall a very well polished game for an early release. certainly looking forward to more maps and hopefully objective based missionsI did notice some FPS drop but I think there is a fix coming.Running on GTX 1080 Gigabyte with an I7 5360K and 32GB ram with no issues so fps must be a bug in game
,Recommended,496240,34095371,Posted: 7 August,all,Glumurphonel,"I'm an old America's Army player and when I saw this I was hoping for something like America's Army VR. And I got that!Very good stuff. More so for still being in Early Access.The weapons feel right even though you dont have anything really in your hands, the sounds are great! Love the tunnel vision when being shot at. The recoil and damage seem very good so far.Can't wait to see whats next!"
76561198074066048,Recommended,496240,25259890,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Mr. FigPucker,"The best Vive game out there currently. It is exactly what a VR milsim should be like, even in it's early state."
,Not Recommended,496240,31723498,Posted: 13 May,all,driftminister,"This is by far the best FPS experience in VR at the moment you can get. It has a steep learning curve until you can handle all the game play mechanics using the vive controller and different guns. But man, this really what VR needs to be. Not a boring rail shooter, teleport yourself from cover to cover feeling only half of the VR experience it could be. This is the gaming we were waiting for a long time.So why the negative review? Because it is very very poor optimized in terms of hardware resources. For me the game is barely playable at all and I never had any issue with 30+ other VR titles. I have tried to tweak the unity engine, Steam VR settings, Nvidia settings, supersampling and even with the lowest settings possible and after I tried every guide in the forums in the internet, I still have frame drops and the game stutters sometimes so much that Steam pauses the game every second where you can briefly see your Steam VR home area and returning you to your game that you cannot even move at all anymore.I do not want a refund, I do want to play this game. I really want to play this game, I love it, I need it.... but at the current state it is simply unplayable.It is like you are a child and someone asks you if you want some ice cream, have you lick it only once so you know how it tastes and then takes it away from you on purpose to let it melt in the sun before your eyes.... Thats how it feels when you buy Onward. Not nice from you developer :-(*Further details see comments below*"
76561198002783634,Not Recommended,496240,25760367,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Vamplifire,"I really like the people. The first match i got teamed with were a group of multi country people trying to ""make your own mode"" game that was super fun. Great people! Game was a little too buggy to play. Buggy as in the accessories didn't work well yet. Gestures to do simple things like turning on night vision didn't work well. Dont get me started on grenades. I know it's a work in progress but it still needs a LOT of work. Cheers for making it but I'll hold off for a more solid game that I'm sure this will turn into. Too bad there isnt a ""not yet"" section of the do i recommend this game."
,Recommended,496240,28799247,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Corrosion,"""Dude... this♥♥♥♥♥♥s intense."" - Me when I first tried it and my friend was standing there watching."
76561198293258040,Not Recommended,496240,34800999,Posted: 7 September,all,DarknessPrevails,"EDIT: I've managed to get the height/midget problem working. While the game is running as it's supposed to (seemingly), things just don't work. Sometimes, I can't run, I can't walk, I'm left to a crawl in the middle of combat.Sometimes, my screen goes black for a moment when nothing is happening.I got sh** from other players because, when I unequipped my weapon to use my needle, the needle wouldn't equip  at all. There was NOTHING else in my hands. Yet, the needle just didn't feel like being grabbed, I guess.Despite the absolute best internet package money can by, an ethernet cord, and ping that would make Jesus jealous, the game lags exponentially in some places.This could be the greatest game for VR - A Call of Duty but with actual skill requirements. But the game is so buggy, it's just not playable. And for those players that endure the bugs and play the game anyway, they are sure to give you heck for problems that aren't under your control if something bugs out on your end.END EDIT...See below for my prior review.Before I start, I need to say I am an Oculus Rift user, and that might be where my problems lie.First off, the game plays and looks great. The fact that each weapon and tool must be used realistically is a game changer - It's not just ""point and click"" skill, it's memory, knowledge, judgement and accuracy. So, overall, the game should be great!Should be...The problem is, it's glitchy as all hell. Half the time, I can't pick the weapon up that I'm trying to use. If I try to grip an assault rifle on my chest, it takes about 10 clicks on the handle to register.Also, I can't even use the needle. The needle just doesn't work for some reason. No matter what I do, the needle is just decorative at this point.Half the time when I go into a map, when I click fire, everything turns black and the game has to be rebooted. So, just firing a weapon can ruin an entire session.I can't run - I've never been able to get the run functionality to work. I'm stuck walking. Everywhere. All the time.This may just be due to me using the Oculus Rift, but it shouldn't be labeled as ""supporting the Oculus Rift"" if it doesn't work correctly.The game is far too glitchy at the moment for any Oculus user to enjoy. Please save your money until it is fixed.You guys have an AWESOME game! Please test it on the Rift more and try to get it up and running for both devices, Vive and Rift, equally! I can't wait to play this game - It's got such promise!Until then, I'll have to put my guns down and walk away."
,Not Recommended,496240,31910329,Posted: 22 May,all,Tbonett33,"I want to play this game so ♥♥♥♥ing bad, but if you have an oculus its almost impossible.Because of ASW, i keep reading these things and trying to fix it because the frames change from 90-45 over and over, the lag spikes are huge, i had about 15 minutes of this game that i could really play then it went back to this, could anyone help me maybe on this problem if possible"
,Not Recommended,496240,33213929,Posted: 3 July,all,Tronedor,"Best game on VR, when it works"
,Recommended,496240,32490855,Posted: 16 June,all,Rami,+1
,Recommended,496240,31257222,Posted: 20 April,all,Saitama,"In the short time I've played, I recommend this game for the Vive! If youre a fan of Arma 3 or Insurgency, you would really like this game. It takes a few matches to get used to the movement but once you got it down, its super super fun!!"
,Recommended,496240,25270865,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,TheTrollsCreed,PTSD Simulator 2016
,Recommended,496240,25262975,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,[SSA] Carl (Ratchet),"Do you like H3VR? Do you wish it had Multiplayer? This is your answer. Onward has a few minor bugs but I've played it for something like 4 hours already. Never left the same lobby, just waited for more people to join and went back to a massive map full of tanks, humvees and houses to use as cover as you take pot-shots at eachother and scream at your team mates over VoIP to cover you or duck as you scan for enemies. It is a very fun game and I can't wait for more expansions."
76561198017896540,Recommended,496240,25268716,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Frenchie,"Onward.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wd7R4CKzIcIf you are like me, you love to play your tactical fps games like CS:GO, R6 Seige, Arma, ect..This gamne is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. If you own a VIVE you need to own this game. If you have been playing paintball in the Rec Room, just wait until you play this.Considering the price of $25, and the fact that this game was made singlehandedly by ONE developer..He made the game that everyone wanted to play when we first saw the vive.Keep in mind, the game is in early access. Early access and virtual reality don't play very well. I have experienced quite a few bugs, from my headset going 'gray' to teamates not hearing me on the radio. But never have I been angry because I just caught a glimpse at the future of tactical shooters."
76561198120365698,Recommended,496240,33026699,Posted: 30 June,all,Rim job master,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDFmW4WRFPMactual gameplay of me and my team.
,Recommended,496240,25359457,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/MoonMittenz t(^.^t),This is Your brain on drugs. ~(@.@)~ This is your Brain on VR <('o')>
,Recommended,496240,26308692,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,kingmanthe1,"By far the best shooter I have ever played....learn the maps and spawn points/communicate with the team when you see an enemy and have fun !!Throwing a granade and killing a whole team who is taking the objective was very rewarding and intense !NOTE: After reading some of the negitive ""reviews"" for this game, I have determind that 99% of those people are probably COD players, out dated old graphic card owners that complain about frame rate or people that wont take the time to learn the controls........WHY blame the game when it's your Old pc that is the problemExample: I am having a very jittery screen this game sucks.... Cause ? 660 graphic's card and 4gb ofRAM...AND/ORthe base station are not stable. FIX ?  Build a new PC gtx 1060 or better."
,Recommended,496240,27672932,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,✘ THEPRO ✘,Thanks guysYou guys made my wallet cry and made me take the plunge into the VR world. I will be getting my vive soon and already purchased this game.
,Recommended,496240,34051020,Posted: 5 August,all,-DOOMER-,"This game is intense.  The developer is very active so far, and keeps adding content and fixes.  It's a little buggy for me at times, but I realy find this game endearing.  It is why I got my VR setup, and it was worth the investment."
76561198179810242,Recommended,496240,34066145,Posted: 6 August,all,Konna,"I have watched people play Onward on the HTC Vive and decided to get a Vive and play the game myself. As from my experience so far, Its amazing! Its movements are smooth and easy to learn. I recommend this game for anybody that is looking for a good vr shooter that is realistic. It can be a bit nauseating at times, but overall its fun."
,Recommended,496240,25759319,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,"Velkon,","The motion sickness goes away after a while,The game is awesome and addicting,The developer is awesome and a great guy."
76561198013509638,Recommended,496240,28677861,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Blackened,"This is a Must if you have a Vive or Rift, Best game I've played in VR so far. The Devs are releasing updates regularly adding maps and eliminating bugs, Very Happy I got Onward 10/10"
,Recommended,496240,29498166,Posted: 26 January,all,CDI,~A must have if you like shooting and have a vive ~
,Not Recommended,496240,31247628,Posted: 19 April,all,enzoM4trix,"I found the training module glitchy AF , was unable to equip the primary or secondary weapon at the shooting range, Watching the tutorial video link did not help either.Launching the tutorial video launches one in the steam vr web browser and another one in game AT THE SAME TIME which was annoying aswell. Suffice to say i was annoyed to the point i never got to try the multiplayer online mode.Please fix or money is wasted."
,Recommended,496240,27755419,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Original S|N,"This game is the standard for how other FPS's should function, extremely well done.The mechanics are simply unmatched, even by well funded studios.I hope ALL other studios take note, the movement and weapon mechanics in this game are exactly what your customer bases expect from a first person shooter.If this game is the only reason you are buying the Vive, it is well worth it."
,Recommended,496240,33583394,Posted: 16 July,all,didny,"Now, when they introduced single player PVE mode this game is much better and playable at least. if you were beginner with only PVP mode, you had no chance - people who are playing multi are first of all not friendly, second of all it looks like all of them are some kind of army drop outs and just have nothing else to do. I really hope that single player will be expanded."
,Recommended,496240,25250297,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,KingSkin,its here. it's buggy. I love it. buy it now. once the bugs are ironed out it's going to be THE shooter for VR. I should be playing BF one but you know what? I'm playing onwards instead. thats the power of VR
76561197999422025,Recommended,496240,25251027,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,haroyuen,Nothing to say. Great great game & what i expected for.
76561198014693490,Recommended,496240,25249511,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Stormcdt,This is unlike any FPS Game I have ever played before. It is going to change the Milti-Sims genre forever. Can't wait to see how this game develops in the near future.
,Recommended,496240,27036878,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[SPAM]Enigma,Great VR game! An experience to not have teleport locomotion and actually move around without feeling sick! Highly reccommended.
,Recommended,496240,25455974,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ᐛ ＜ Woh  ),"A lot of fun; very similar to Arma, but a lot less polished.Wait times are a bit too long between rounds if you die early on in the round. All the controls for things like reloading, turning on laser sight, are a bit unintuative e.g. Don't seem to be able to reload until the clip is empty; some guns like the m249 require you to open the top cover thing and load in the chain, which is kinda cool, however there are no UI messages to indicate that this is the case, and you have to press the trigger on a specific part of the gun before it will respond in any way.No pings shown in the server browser!No option to kick or mute players.Frequently crashes if you open the steam VR overlay UI.Mouse doesn't work on desktop while the game is running if you alt+tab out.Despite all this it is still the best FPS I've played on the Vive, and one of the only ones that isn't just a boring gallery shooter."
,Recommended,496240,31909675,Posted: 22 May,all,DarthQuindo,as far as i know this is the best vr shooter game out there and in my opinion is worth the money.
76561198142733687,Recommended,496240,26041586,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,500bhp,"I'm a former Q3 pro player and I love seeing how people move in VR, exactly like in Q3 with a mouse. One would never think real people would make those moves but they actually do. My wife thinks I'm crazy."
,Recommended,496240,32841602,Posted: 26 June,all,mvincent17781,Just purchased this over the Summer Sale. Only played a few rounds of it but the group of people on both teams was great and we had so much fun. Even having no idea of the maps or strategies I managed to win a couple rounds for my team. That just speaks to the intuitiveness of the game. It simply feels great. Especially the locomotion.
,Recommended,496240,32414202,Posted: 14 June,all,skeleton,"Great VR game. The locomotion system in this game is one of the first that doesn't make me feel sick after an hour.There's quite a few maps and many different weapons, all of which feel different to use.This is also the only game i've played where its possible to sneak up on people and whisper a lullaby in their ears as you slit their throat."
,Recommended,496240,27315776,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"""Easy"" Pete","4v4  on small scale maps mixed with the best weapon mechanics I have seen for VR so far.15 hours played as of writing this review, with no sign of the game getting any less fun.Great weapon variety, populated servers whether it is 6 pm or 6 am.While the price seems a bit steep, it's the best experience in VR that you can keep on coming back to,"
76561198026916028,Recommended,496240,33246287,Posted: 4 July,all,P01NTMAN,"Simply, the best time ive ever had playing a game in years.Being a Marine, and Combat Vet. I really appricate the work that has gone in to the immersion of this game. Specifically the weapons handling and operations. Really top notch stuff here.If you like VR and if you like MilSims this game should be #1 on your list."
,Recommended,496240,33259741,Posted: 4 July,all,[IronCross]yoke Alsop,Loading Loading Lodading and Loading again.However it's pretty good.
76561198116228916,Recommended,496240,33275635,Posted: 5 July,all,MrHeadShot,Great game overall. Needs a quicker response option.
76561198073469360,Recommended,496240,31534870,Posted: 3 May,all,Bobaninja,I had to get a refund because my computer sucked. 10/10 tho
76561198081594459,Recommended,496240,29464829,Posted: 24 January,all,Majin Booger,"This is probably the best shooter in vr so far,can't wait for the 8 v 8 matches to start."
76561197993208935,Recommended,496240,29506571,Posted: 26 January,all,MILF 2,I don't really like or even play multiplayer games let alone military sims but this is by far my favorite Vive game. The controls take some time to grasp. If you watch the tutorial video it'll give you a basic rundown on how to get started. You'll quickly pick up the rest in game or at the shooting range. It's not an easy game at all but it's very rewarding once you do start to get some kills. It's also quite new to most people so it seems that everyone still kinda sucks which is nice not to get killed as soon as you spawn.Pros-----No motion sickness even though the game uses locomotionIntuitive controlsAlways games to join on the serversWeapons feel natural and kills are rewardingTeam based combat is really funRadio communication\lobby chat is flawlessDifficulty is high but the learning curve isn't (fortunately)A nice combination of maps for an early access gameFrequent updates. The developers clearly care about their gameCons-----Difficult to see where opposing players are shooting from because of the Vive's graininess (obviously not the devs fault)Movement can be slow at times until you work out the quirksSome weapons can be difficult to load\reloadSmall glitches here and there but nothing game breaking
76561198049899644,Recommended,496240,29519428,Posted: 27 January,all,Flux,"By far one of the (when not THE best ) VR expirience you can get !I´ve had a blast with this beast, its so much fun playing. The community is funny and I was also able to settle some ""custom games"" with all the people like hostage mode, or some western 12o clock shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥!I LOVE IT!10/10(Hopefully more maps are comming and the spray of the shotguns will be realistic one day )cheers"
,Recommended,496240,29637215,Posted: 1 February,all,Kitchen Soap,"Sometimes the controls are finnicky but overall a very pleasurable experience. Wish it had more maps but hey that's just me being greedy. Considering the financial suicide that is developing for VR, I'm very glad that this exists."
,Recommended,496240,29445642,Posted: 23 January,all,Graphite,10/10 Would accidentally shoot myself in the head again.
,Recommended,496240,29453901,Posted: 23 January,all,Rascool18,"As realistaic as you can imagine!One of my favorite things featers is every gun type has its own way of reloading manually.Since there is no team display, you will need to stay in close comunication with teamates. this means using an in-game walkie talking on your left shoulder, unless they are with in ear shot of you. In witch case you should be able to tell they are on you team by the type of gear they wear. keep in mind if you talk at all, any one with-in ear shot of you can hear you. this is very realistic. Yyou cant go wrong spending money here.This is the game YOU WANT with your VR!P.S. The Best way to play this is with enough room to go prone."
76561198257884237,Recommended,496240,29456428,Posted: 23 January,all,winglesschip209,This game is great i was reading the story about the creator thats really cool how he went with his dream making a game and not just a game a bad @#$ game this game is great I love every thing about is a rush playing this game i get board fast with my games and this one ive been playing it for 2 weeks and i love it more and more and i hate shooter games that tell you alot. I cant wait for future updates congrats on your game Dante Buckley and keep on rocking.
76561198175750257,Recommended,496240,29477765,Posted: 24 January,all,Aardvark,"Really cool game. Was pretty much blown away first time i loaded into the fireing range.  (GO TO FIREING RANGE FIRST BEFORE ATTEMPTING MULTIPLAYER, Try your best to learn basic shooting controles such as fire modes, reloading all the weapons, and swithcing between items). Graphics may not be the greatest but the immersion of vr more than makes up for it.A bit of a learning curve but most people will be glad to help new players outPretty decent gaming community. Occasional ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but thats to be expected. no levels, progression, or unlocks so not to many people take the game more serious than they should (yes there is teabagging and dabing)IMPORTANT NOTE:while the track pad movement is much more immersive than teleporting. I couldnt go 30 minutes before I had to take a break because i felt like i was going to be sick. The unatural feeling of seeing the world move around you but not being able to feel the movement definetly messed with my system. After about 2 hours of total gametime i noticed the dissiness start to go away and after 6 hours i can say the movement doesnt affect me in a noticable way.my advice is to play till you feel you need to stop, then come back a few hours later and keep doing this until you dont need to stop from dissiness or sickness.the immersion is amazing. As a long time airsoft player i know the feeling of urgency in the middle of an intence game and no video game has been able to give me that feeling until now.there are bugs but nothing truely gamebreaking such as occasionaly falling through the ground on a few maps and one player from the opposite team somehow spawning in our spawn area, but other than that it is pretty stable. no major crashes just the occasional glitch. very playable. still less glitchy than many AAA releases.At the moment magnified scopes pretty much are terrible (worse than those $20 scopes from walmart) and barely useable but it is more of the nature of the vive where the controlers will allways have that jitteryness to them.Only one gamemode and 7 maps at the moment but the maps are well layed out and pretty balanced.If they did some more bug fixing, added more maps, weapons, and game modes i would deffinetly pay $60 if they go for a full release.9.5/10 for an early access game that costs $25"
,Recommended,496240,29492120,Posted: 25 January,all,Human_Beeings,"This is a must have have game for VR. Really slow and tatical, a very interesting game. If you want a Call of Duty or Battlefield game, then this is not for you."
76561198058401595,Recommended,496240,29495388,Posted: 25 January,all,Hosal Amaris,"The best gave I have ever played.  I'm not the type a 100 hr story driven single player type person.  I look for the competitiveness in games.  The multiplayer aspect of games.  I could give two craps less about a story.  This game...this game pulls you in.  I feel like i am truly in a firefight when the bullets start flying.  I will continue to play this game in my free time, racking up the hours as much as I can.  I can see the potential in this game in the future, it's right now already great and immersive in my opinion.  I just can't get enough.  Buy it now, best damn $25 bucks I have ever spent."
,Recommended,496240,29506456,Posted: 26 January,all,DeRock25,"This game is not finished.  That being said, it has everything required to be an addicting and time consuming social FPS that i can not believe is not #1 on everyones list of VR list.The unfinised part:Only one game mode; ""war"" is PVP FPS the people make it great! But more modes are promised.Maps, only 4 in day or night.  Some good, some bad...Running... everyone has a technique... set your correct height.. stand up straight.. click down touch pad forward.. move controller away from your body...  Nobody knows for sure what goes wrong sometimes.. but you find a person at times crawling from the start..Ghosts... a floating gun sometimes based on connection...Glitch End game, At times a host quit or taking fire near objective when last one standing can cause a loss...4v4 currently, expected to end at 8v8 or 12v12Needs JumpThe current results;This game is currently great! I can't wait to get in a lobby, the attitude of the game is people all playing seriously.A few nervous jokes and you start each match hoping to survive.I would reccomed this game to anyone who loves COD or CS but wants to be an adult.you will play this game usually for 2 hours at a time.Have a good headset.  and good luck!"
,Recommended,496240,32423595,Posted: 14 June,all,Silent Knight,"Easily my favorite game for the VR, and the online community is amazing. Always a good amount of people on. The discord channel for this game is active and solid! As well as there is a competitive side where you can join a team and compete with others. Problem in the beginning is there is a slight learning curve but if you keep at it and learn the maps youll get some great kills in no time.Here is some gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjRekgjWlx4&list=PLwRlnFRzVDbWz5LTBKZPyuiIi93drGlL8&index=2"
76561198071369028,Recommended,496240,32189339,Posted: 4 June,all,Klutz,es ok
,Recommended,496240,32368313,Posted: 12 June,all,yt.com/mikeydelics,Very fun!
,Recommended,496240,32101603,Posted: 1 June,all,Zealotical,"Extremely Fun Game, Great Community if you don't act like an asshat.Main Playerbase that exist on the Discord and chat a bunch are a good group.Developers are great, and are very responsive when they're on.HIGHLY recommend if you want an innovative VR Mil-Sim that has great immersion"
,Recommended,496240,25248571,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Samaritan,"Best multiplayer experience in VR. I played 2.6 hours in one go, I've never played so long in VR before."
,Recommended,496240,25248224,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Aspectsec,"Really ♥♥♥♥cing good game ! Very immersive, stressful, realistic,... That's the type of VR game I was expecting !MUST HAVE"
76561198015605131,Recommended,496240,25247337,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,EnR,Highly recommended. This is the VR game FPS fans have been waiting for.Has so much potential and I can't wait to see the game develop.
,Recommended,496240,25370049,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Parakarry,"The community is trash, the game crashes a lot, but other than that it's really good. Buy this game if you are okay with crashes and having to find fixes. Being a Bethesda fan, I had no problem with that. The game is pretty slow on some of the maps, but it feels really nice even in it's alpha stage. I'll work on this review more once I get more time into it, but for now this review is here to make you buy the game so I have someone to play with!"
76561198163698086,Recommended,496240,32063753,Posted: 30 May,all,BenReily96,"So let's start this off right. All these negative reviews you're seeing that are based on lag, latency, and hardware issues are simply that. Hardware issues. Don't knock a game because you need to upgrade your system. Personally, I'm in love with Onward. This game is by far the greatest VR shooter out, to date. Every action is intentional, every mistake is critical. A decent amount of players out there to team up with and run a few matches, hardly any wait time, and a fairly supportive community. I can't wait to see what the future holds for the world of VR, and just how far Onward can go."
,Recommended,496240,30285400,Posted: 2 March,all,RamjetX,"Walking with the thumbstick made feel like I was over rotating and nearly fell twice. Something I could have got used too with more practice.Main reason for refund was content. What is there is amazing... There just isn't much of it. And no bot support for the lack of players in multi at the moment.The feel of the game though... Perfect. Holding, grasping and reloading of the weaponry is amazing.. really.. amazing. Feel of aim down sight and target shooting was the best.Hilarious results when grabbing a grenade and freaking out that I had an explosive in my hand...Really really promising product here.Needs more content, maps, interesting things to do even... Bots if possible.Right now though, $25usd is alot for what is in it. It's an amazing idea, fabulous implementation and if it gets the love from the Dev it deserves will be worth buying again at full price.At the moment though we were done with the experience in an hour. A great experience. But not yet a game."
76561198015596052,Recommended,496240,25328019,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Litva,"Ok have to give this game a review.Its realy nice start, well done to devs. Proper shooter, remind me my days when I started half life, then jumped on CS while a teenager. This gave me old memorys back, how close to reality we can realy be.The game is worth playing if you like realistic weapon combat, team play.There is many things still underway I have no doupt so there is no point in bringing them up, but overoll good start and worth your money in to it.There is some people with sickness but I never had it and dont care about those who dos, they should not ruin our VR hardcore gaming."
76561198007328518,Recommended,496240,28542614,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,cableguy221,I expected to smell cordite after firing the rifle in game.
,Recommended,496240,28433472,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ROXillua,it gud
,Recommended,496240,29532530,Posted: 27 January,all,It's Venom,"Best game I have ever played in VR! Very much worth it, (and actually maybe raise the price because it's so good). The game is pretty much first person call of duty but a million times better. Get this game before it fully releases!"
76561198031284143,Recommended,496240,26481241,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Drumsmasher10,"This game is the source of the most asked question of any new VR game...""But Does it have Onward Movement?""-------Even when Valve release their next peice of VR content, this question is no doubt going to be amongst the most asked.I have gotten motion sick with the sliding movement in other VR games before, but this developer seems to have nailed sliding locomotion for people like me. Having full anagloue speed control from the tilt angle of the controller is, in my opinion, the best example of how to do sliding movement (so far) in a VR game, likely down to the way that the unique way in which your hand know's its exact tilt angle, means the resulting output is completely unambiugous and allows the user to accelerate up at which ever rate they like, but more importantly, with no surprises as to what output they are going to get.This would have to be in my Top 3 game's that I'd reccomend to new Vive users."
76561198239866726,Recommended,496240,32076155,Posted: 30 May,all,joeman,"Love the game,But still lags with a gtx 1080"
,Recommended,496240,32332242,Posted: 10 June,all,Mad Ani,"Since boosting up the supersampling on the Vive the clarity is a lot better.The game takes some getting the hang of, but if people are willing to teach.Also had an issue setting up my new Vive to use the mic. I had to choose USB device as default! Got it sorted in the end.ONWARD is a cool game, not too easy. From what I've seen of Escort the rounds are way too damn short. Over in 2 minutes...Still experiencing the other rounds, have to get familiar with the maps.I will say this though, there sure are some toxic players that love to troll. Not all though."
76561197980110676,Recommended,496240,28423204,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Big_Spir,This is the best VR game I have played. Even though it is early days it feels like the only 'full' vr games at the moment are this and ELITE. If you have vr you should buy this.
,Recommended,496240,29947985,Posted: 15 February,all,Roy,"Probably the best vive game you can get.Has some technical issues including occasional FPS spikes and for me and some other people one of the maps is unplayable (will freeze the game and your entire pc with it).Definitely a must have on the vive though, i got the vive mostly with this game in mind, playing it is great fun but there seem to be some cheaters or addicts who can manage to kill you in your spawn point 5-10 seconds after the ruond starts, which is rather annoying.HTC ViveGeforce GTX 970Intel core i7-37708 GB ramWindows 7"
,Recommended,496240,29873993,Posted: 12 February,all,nerform,I don't play CS at all (just not my thing) but this game is something so much better. I got hooked up.
76561198067182014,Recommended,496240,31764877,Posted: 15 May,all,Fivesyounger,"In terms of replayability, its the best VR game currently available.Actually, it is the best VR game currently available."
,Recommended,496240,33790155,Posted: 25 July,all,Strogg.r,"If you don't mind about Delta Force 4 graphics, lack of polish and occasional bugs, the game has pretty solid gameplay and a wide range of weapons. I'd say the key selling point here is the way VR enables more realistic gun handling.The worst part of the game is the community really. VoIP is forced on and you can't mute/ignore anyone, so if someone wants to ruin the game, he will."
,Recommended,496240,31090599,Posted: 11 April,all,Scavenge,"This military simulator is probably in the top 5 lists of everyone with a Vive/Rift, and for good reason.  The shooting is spot on and is, so far, unmatched by the other shooters.  Movement is great and doesn't leave you winded, after getting a little used to the lack of feedback.  It feels great to grab a grenade, pull the pin, and lob it over a low wall.It's not perfect.  It's really lacking a casual friendly mode, like Team Deathmatch or Capture the Flag.  Something any player can get into and just start shooting.  I like the military sim aspect but it makes it difficult to be on the game as often as, say, Counter-strike and that'll keep it from growing.  Games like BAM and Pavlov do only that and seem to suffer a bit for it.  They're fun, but they miss out on the pinpoint bullet mechanics that Onward has.It's among the better games you can get for your Vive or Rift."
76561198119527000,Recommended,496240,34007782,Posted: 3 August,all,Megadoom5,"This game is very fun, ive had it ever since May of 2017 and i really injoyed it, there are small issues with frames, and laggy gameplay but it's still and early access game and I can understand alot of bugs and glitches(some are funny, my favorite is the wacky-wavy-inflatable-arm-flailing-tubeman). I'm running this game on an AMD Radeon rx 460, but it barely runs the game if I dont heat up the gpu with nice hash befor I try to play Onward, but I can look past that and say that I've had alot of fun, more fun than rec room."
76561198123581839,Recommended,496240,25311793,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,vidledoux,"Excellent game, recommend 100%!  It combines so many things that haven't before been assembled into one vr game. Moving around a large map like this with detailed weapons and co-op play is beyond-words awesome."
,Recommended,496240,28170006,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Barba-Q,"Played it for the first time, hours passed till the first controller died and cut me break. I'm completely sweated, adrenaline's pumping through my body. Tried drinkin a beer, impossible, my hands shakin like hell. Tried to sleep, no way, finally woke up, sweated all over again, dreamed of ingame scenes. 10/10If you're lookin for a Military sim like Arma in VR, don't even read any further and buy it.Intense, addicting, sometimes funny. You'll meet lots of nice guys and girls, make friends, foes and hugs.Sad thing, if you die early you will get used to see the loadout screen A LOT! The devs should add somethigh stupid to do while waiting.Here's some footage of gameplay, bugs and stacking up magazines:https://youtu.be/fxr7Ri9J4sM"
,Recommended,496240,34429815,Posted: 22 August,all,Scotchmo,WHATS GOING ON BUNKER BUDDY ENEMY TO THE RIGHT BUNKER BUDDY ENGAGE BUNKER BUDDY
,Recommended,496240,28960949,Posted: 2 January,all,CrazyAnimal75☭,Onward is definitley the best game on VR right now in my opinion.There are no people that wont help you i have played in many servers and all the people are helpful i haven't met one person that wont help you out.
,Recommended,496240,26107407,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,H35!T@!0N,"early access reviewpros:its like a really old battlefieldits not like EA's DLCScons:you may get motion dissorientation/sicknessthe tutorial on how to reload is bugged and it plays the same video 2 times at the same time making it impossible to understand what is being saideven knowing how to reload you have to position your hands in a strange way to get close enough to each other because of the shape of the controllerswhen you hold rifles with 2 hands to stabilize , 1 is at the trigger the other is on the barrel, this makes it very wobbly because neither hand is holding a solid object and ur hands wave around a bit unless you have surgeons handsthe resoltion of current headsets doesnt allow you to see very far well, so if you take a scope on this game and camp far back you are for the most part invisible (even though you are wearing dark colour clothes and standing in the open of a sandy area) allowing you to scope in and search easier at long distanceideas:find a generalized reload time from players that do it manually and then introduce a 1 click reload option that increases the reloads time 3 seconds ontop of the average manual reloaders timemake stabilizing rifle work the same way as pistols, with 1 hand under the other so you can actually stabilize ur hands8/10"
,Recommended,496240,34007740,Posted: 3 August,all,These Arms R Snakes,"This game is the reason to own VR. Highly replayable, community is engaging."
,Recommended,496240,33574805,Posted: 15 July,all,fairlane357,"Love the Co-op update, Keep up the great work."
,Recommended,496240,33629831,Posted: 18 July,all,The Disappointing Child,Recently added bots which makes for some good target practice and a great community who help each other out when an issue arises!
76561198019816586,Recommended,496240,33618903,Posted: 17 July,all,Low Tier Goy,Breddy gud
76561198002044473,Recommended,496240,34619655,Posted: 30 August,all,Deaths,"Where its at now is worth the $25 IMO, but it could use more content.Ive had a lot of fun so far. My play time as of review is 7.2 hours and that just me killing bots coop, I have yet to try the pvp."
,Recommended,496240,29052710,Posted: 5 January,all,Light,This game is on the right path for virtual experiences5/5-played on the rift
76561197989337617,Recommended,496240,29052881,Posted: 5 January,all,Policeman,"Logged 10 hours of this game now and it is by far the best VR game i have played.It has a Cod2 feel about it but in VR.The way you manually reload weapons, pulling slides back to chamber rounds. Pulling pins on grenandes, using the radio and everything else you can do is very very accurate to what it would be really like. Trying to stay calm while under fire and reload the weapon correctly adds something truly unique. You dont just press a button you have to do a small series of complex weapon drills. It also goes in reverse, if your applying pressure to someone or a group of people and they are so stressed they dont reload correctly they could be pulling the trigger with no chambered rounds.I work in law enforcement so i handle, load and unload a gun everyday (one of the guns in this game) and i can tell you the feeling is about as close as you can get to the real deal. The eye for detail is amazing. I use a radio everyday for work so the coms element of the game is fantastic. I have muscle memory for reaching for my radio to talk to people so it feels so natural to me.The immersiveness is something you just dont find anywhere else other than VR. When you spawn in with your team mates and your all patting eachother on the head, pointing pistols and knives at eachother or cupping your buddies manhood it can be an absolute laugh.A game i had last night with 3 other guys 4v4 on quarantine1 map. I got a high vantage point on a roof and started using the radio to coms the enemy location. Managed to coordinate a few guys and get a few killed before being pinned down by sniper fire. I was literally proning on the ground of my bedroom floor listening to rounds whizz over my head thinking how am i going to escape this? Rolled onto my back and pulled a smoke grenade off my vest, pulled the pin and dropped it. Gave me some cover and i started to return fire. I managed to sneak out the back of the building and flank all the way around. Pulled out my pistol and stormed the building killing the last 2 guys while my dead team mates spectated me.100/10. It is suprisingly very very polished for how new it is. I never have issues finding a lobby, never experienced any lag and the games are well timed.If this was the only game you ever bought you could still justify the cost of getting a VR set with it, its just that good."
76561198095760886,Recommended,496240,29061185,Posted: 6 January,all,Skafi,"Awesome Game, waiting for more modes !"
,Recommended,496240,29083890,Posted: 7 January,all,Pho King,Such a great game with an awesome community willing to teach the basics and have fun! So far my favorite vr experience.
76561197995293832,Recommended,496240,29066484,Posted: 6 January,all,camaro_rs89,"Onward is everything I've wanted from a VR game. It's an indie game in alpha so dont expect a whole lot of polish, but it works great and is a lot of fun. And as a combat veteran it really got my heart rate up. Highly recommended."
76561198155561474,Recommended,496240,34611896,Posted: 30 August,all,TullpA,Best FPS multiplayer and co-op out in VR as i see it ...always meeting new people
,Recommended,496240,29049140,Posted: 5 January,all,GreenMeat,Good game
76561198005768147,Recommended,496240,29080360,Posted: 6 January,all,Grim,"If you like FPSs own a VR headset with tracked controllers and you dont yet have this game, do yourself a favour and get it."
,Recommended,496240,34213517,Posted: 13 August,all,AdolfHitman,Dank AF Game B)
76561198305910425,Recommended,496240,34850853,Posted: 9 September,all,AirBoRnE,the best vr first p shooter
,Recommended,496240,32024626,Posted: 28 May,all,johngannon,It is as good as everyone says.
76561198083713129,Recommended,496240,30439474,Posted: 10 March,all,Devin,"grabed granade, pulled the pin, threw it, it dropped to the ground killing all 4 of my team members. LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!"
76561198305947740,Recommended,496240,26036993,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,JMBounce,I played many games in VR. But this? This is absolutely awesome. I don't play usually multiplayer games but this is really autenthic. Other players are so real with movemets.
,Recommended,496240,26335212,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Duckson,ok so i like this game and yes it is a lot of fun but it takes a few min to get use to its not call of duty :-)
76561198411621802,Recommended,496240,34979455,Posted: 15 September,all,Dustyearlobe,"SO Needs team deathmatch with random resporn time sensative not last man standing,yes like this but can be in lobby lots"
,Recommended,496240,34534425,Posted: 27 August,all,Electronium,This is an early access reviewPros:- Good concept- Ultra realism down to the physics and bullet drop- Comminity is legitCons:- The Bots have aimbot and spot you instantly- Random game time slowdowns even on lowest settings- Controls are buggedThis is an early access game so I will give it a 7/10 for now...
,Recommended,496240,35378423,Posted: 1 October,all,RPlasticPirate !,"Its AAA VR gameplay with indie/Early access grapichs - not a MILSIM.3 VR games anyone should play for more than an hour too enjoy and understand how fundamental VR changes what genres work for gaming.Redefines to the better what anybody thinks of MILSIM's: casuals will love the game play and wonder if its anything to do with MILSIM's compared to COD ETC. MILSIM fans are drooling and buying VR setups as fast as they can after trying this. MILSIM fans will feel like their in a military training simulator from the future which wastly improves on what they had before and the small nuggets of imperfection compared to VBS/ARMA/AA etc. basic infantry combat is nothing compared to the improvements with VR gameplay done this great.Its simply the best simulation around - way better than the next best, actual military infantry exercies, in the wast majority of ways.You just want more content, better HMD VR resolution and a possibly a VR gunstock depending on your steady aim."
,Recommended,496240,25256496,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Scooter,"I had to edit my review, cause this is the best game for VR at the moment. It's Arma and counter-strike in one. Tons of weapons, you have to handle them like real weapons, you got large maps, small maps, grenades, knifes, pistols... It's just an awesome shooting game. Yes, it still has some bugs, but it's such a great game you should not let that stop you. After all it's early access and it's already worth every penny. This is the first VR game I've played hour after hour after hour... Look at how many hours I got in this game!On a sidenote, some people are complaining about VR-sickness when playing this game because you walk instead of teleporting. For me walking is the best and only way to go, but some people might feel different about that."
76561198007949295,Recommended,496240,25259649,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Fatherdaeth,"Incredible, Its finally worth having a Vive now.."
,Recommended,496240,26471507,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Teroh,"Great PVP shooting game. Mechanics work really well, and the playerbase is not ebola."
,Recommended,496240,26349967,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Eve,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, period."
76561198211479752,Recommended,496240,25278778,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Crimson Plays,"bought it,played it,got addicted to it, played for 4 hours straight. very fun to play even though its early access its got the things needed to get gameplay and also it is very fun cause every game is a different outcome.You wont get bored.This is what the VR needed for FPS games!"
,Recommended,496240,25259623,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Skatardude10,"So far I have played about an hour in this game. TLDR: Great MilSim game. Intense. LOVE IT.I will start with the Cons (AT THIS POINT in development):1: Difficult to find radio sometimes!! This can mean certain death to you and your squadmates while you stumble to report enemies2: You are pinned down, on the ground, and out of ammo. You can't reach back to find a new mag. You have to !!stand up!! enough to find a new mag or your sidearm... potentially leaving you exposed, and dead before you can even reload.3: Animations while prone are all wonky. The neck in particular.4: Glitches in maps, not having a body, team-mates not seeing enemy bodies, being kicked out of the spectator screen... bugs that I expect will be cleaned up at some point.Pros:1: Everything else!2: The graphics look ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in videos, but it's not bad looking in game!Summary:  If you play ArmA and want that kind of experience in VR... this is the game for you."
,Recommended,496240,25278790,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,manu_sapag,"one of the must have games of vr, great moving mechanic, much better that the teleportation thing, and really really cool game, just spent 2 hours playing and had lots of fun!"
,Recommended,496240,25259481,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Scott Clam,Makes me carsick but the game is basically COD on steroids
76561198332107054,Recommended,496240,28942451,Posted: 2 January,all,Robatron,A proper multiplayer VR FPS with the correct movement mechanics! Reloading your weapons is about as realistic as you could get in VR.Main downside for this game is that 90% of the time I join a game hosted in the US full of US players so get a load of latency. Needs more European players.
76561197970560691,Not Recommended,496240,32138003,Posted: 2 June,all,Blade Powerhawk,"The game technically is ok.  But its fundamentally flawed in that you literally spend most of your time waiting in lobbies, or getting sniped by cherry pickers sitting there waiting for anything to go by them.  Makes for a boring game."
76561198261883585,Not Recommended,496240,26226103,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,esconception,This game is buggy as hell. Grabbing and using items was a hit or miss.
76561197968638425,Not Recommended,496240,31796041,Posted: 16 May,all,Tiger,Is anyone else suffering huge LAG on multiplayer?Im from the UKI notice you can't choose servers which have a low ping.
,Recommended,496240,29194474,Posted: 11 January,all,Qu,"This will have to be a quick one.*If you don't want to see details -  I HIGHLY Reccomened this game if you have a Vive*Onwards Is a great Military simualator and works EXTREMLEY well.Its hilarious to, Watching a team mate accidently drop a grenade at your teams feet while everyone is gouped will never get old - Going from ""Okay heres the plan - Lets take the objective this way"" To ""HOLY SH*T, RUN FOR YOUR FUC*ING LIVES"" Is probbably one of the best things I have EVER experianced in a game.From what Ive heard, this game doesn't play as well on the Oculus Touch - Compared to the Vive; I have a Vive and it works wonders.Please support this developer and give him the praise he deserves. ONWARDS is by FAR, The BEST game for VR right now.It is A must have for Vive players.You along with your team will be laughing untill you die (even if you don't know them) because of the funny things that happen when everyone has a mic and the awesome momments you will have ALL the time.This game is a 10 / 10 in my books for the Vive.What are you waiting for?! BUY THIS GAME NOW!"
,Recommended,496240,34946534,Posted: 14 September,all,[W-G] Harland DeathRun Friday!,"Very good, much PTSD."
76561198047627703,Recommended,496240,32837322,Posted: 26 June,all,SgtShiningArmor,I haven't even bought HTC Vive yet and I already even installed the gameWell it's a ♥♥♥♥ing Steam Summer Sale™ you know.10/10 best waste of $20 ever #yolo
,Recommended,496240,29812875,Posted: 9 February,all,KrK ColeusRattus,I do like this game. Here's a quick look at how it plays:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-nLGKBFfQk
,Recommended,496240,25249347,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Miradius,"I was really hyped for this game, and it's everything I hoped it would be. Onward is currently the best fps vr game available. No motion sickness at all, with more than 3 hours of gamplay. This is the game I have been waiting for. This game shows exactly what the Vive is capable of. A++"
76561198123157887,Not Recommended,496240,31260859,Posted: 20 April,all,Thinbot,"lots of promise but needs a dev team throwing at it. not to knock the work the guy has done on this to bring it this far. but too glitchy, too slow to move (no i am not saying it needs to be COD) - the movement system is just a bit meh, only way to describe it. Oh and the community is sooo toxic. played online solid for just under two hours and didnt find one person who was able or willing to listen or talk normally. just kids screaming at each other being douches and friendly firing on each other or older children that should know better.GREAT potential, i mean really really great potential, but i fear that this will end up like so many other games with great potential, never getting the dev support financially or resources wise to make the leap from a cool funky tech demo (think uni students) to becoming a fully fledged FPS battlefield like for the vive, or arma 4 VR that its kinda trying to be. It has HUGE potentail but just nope. not yet. please dont waste your money on it, and if you do keep the eye on the timer for under two hours so you can get your refund.no recommendation unless something drastic happens to catapult the game to a fully staffed studio to boost it to where it could be but sadly very likely will never get to.Which is a shame."
,Not Recommended,496240,26725161,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,r0mps,"Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls are not intuitive at all, character moves on his own, game is not optimize and is the only vive game thats given me vr sickness... will be refunding"
76561198127803128,Recommended,496240,29649837,Posted: 2 February,all,long chin man,Insurgency VR
,Recommended,496240,29237921,Posted: 13 January,all,GodsInHisHeaven,Best VR FPS online experience.This could become the Counter-Strike of VR.
76561198065261626,Recommended,496240,32496836,Posted: 17 June,all,Potato_Dude,Fun stuff.There is a learning curve. Dont quit after a few hours.Great community.
76561198101640095,Recommended,496240,29514261,Posted: 26 January,all,Koulev,"tons of fun, great community, active dev on discord, extremeley immersiveVR must have69/420 would recommend"
76561198082959567,Recommended,496240,25609319,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,BurgerKrieg,"Onward is a hard core FPS shooter and it's pretty good. Although still a rough diamond, there is a shiny nugget of gameplay action here that is really resonating with the shooter crowd. Why, you ask? We all wanna be soldiers!Yes we are all big kids playing at being soldiers, ""Whiskey, tango, bravo. I will be there for dinner in a minute dear, I just have to assault this village first. Over and out"". VR gives you the unique oppertunity of turning up the volume on the immersion scale, often convincing players that they are destined for a career as a crack commando if only they didn't have to pick up the kids from school in real life.It needs lots and lots of polishing on all fronts, from gameplay, map design to of course resolving bugs, but the good news is that it is getting it and Onward keeps improving. This developer is certainly no slacker and is worth watching as a future VR dev star.In 6-10 months this will probably be a truly great game, right now it's an often fun early access title that really gets cooking when everything is working right and everyone is playing nice. Things can come apart at the seams when players do not behave like the designer intends and that needs to be looked at going forward because, hey people are human and don't always do what you think or want them too all the time.Worst of all things can get boring with all the constant waiting, and the underwhelming end game triggered by one team going to a point on the map and punching in a code ZZZzzzzz. That will turn off new players and could even kill the games potential if not addressed.Onward EA walks the tightrope of trying to balance realism with the fact it is a game and gets it right, for the most part. The Vive is pretty low res which can make distant troops look like terrorists from an Atari 2600 sneaking their way into a 21st century computer game, so there are bridges to be crossed. But considering we are trapped under enemy fire, deep in early access, thinking of our familes back home in real life, we shed a tear and shout:Onward to victory!Onward to picking up the dry cleaning!"
,Recommended,496240,28529723,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Type hamburger,bad♥♥♥♥♥video game
,Recommended,496240,31839795,Posted: 19 May,all,Baguette Guy bets.gg,"One of the few online fps vr games, its concept resembles squad and was executed very well! Even though its not perfect its still one of the best vr games on the market right now :)"
76561198144448247,Recommended,496240,25293398,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,asrock,great game but needs some work
76561198315495353,Recommended,496240,34621948,Posted: 30 August,all,Alang0100`,its lit
,Recommended,496240,34704656,Posted: 3 September,all,Dale Earnheart #3,"Prolly a 5 min fire fight through this Afgan desert village before the firing settled down. I was left by my lonesome as the enemy had killed the rest of my team off. The realest thing is when ur talking to someone and they get cut off because a NATO round popped their noggin.I was left alone and out of ammo, but in the heat of the fire fight I didn't really know who was left other than just me on my team. I heard them coming tho. I popped two smokes in the house cause I knew they knew where I was.They came in but didn't see me. The first enemy followed and as right before I motioned to put his head on the business end of my .45 I saw his boy right behind him. I ducked back, grabbed my knife, and stuck tham sum ♥♥♥♥♥ without a ♥♥♥♥ing sound.I then walked right up to that first boss who walked in all SWAT like, inspecting my rifle. I ♥♥♥♥ed the safety and let that whole mag give my team that W.That's the real♥♥♥♥♥♥you can do in this game."
,Recommended,496240,31450080,Posted: 29 April,all,SeeksNDestroys,"So my story on this game was i bought it felt sick as its touchpad movement got refund then i sat there thinking of how good this game actually was.... so i decided to rebuy and train my mind to accept the locomotion.. well i love it! im a big FPS  fan hence ""SeeksNDestroys"" this takes FPS to a hole new level this aint no dumb♥♥♥♥♥cod game with squeekers , squeeking away (granted i did actualy come accross one on here ...how on earth did they afford a VR!) so back to gameplay its up to 5v5 all on mics so lots of top banter having a M14 in my hands feels so bad♥♥♥♥♥ it will pump you full of energy as your pushed up to a wall slowly looking round corner. its got various modes , escort vips, capture zone and my favourate of all just shoot people in head :)Is the game worth £18 HELL YES! its worth £30 in my eyes. this is only in early access so you can imagine how good this game will be once out offically,  so you should stop reading this and hit that buy button and il see you in battle soldier :)"
76561198175479221,Not Recommended,496240,31722424,Posted: 13 May,all,JohnnyGoodGuy,they ever fix the game for left handers? thats the reason i dont play
76561198335569411,Not Recommended,496240,34483469,Posted: 25 August,all,SquidwardTentipoles,"Great and Fun game...When it works. The first game i got into I could not even play. I was MARSOC but spawned with the VOLK for some reason and then was stuck in a spectator purgatory. The game is clunky and buggy, its slow paced ( as it should be for a milsim game ) not sayig there are not plenty of action packed moments, being a gunner is useles  ( the recoil for the 249 is understandably quite drastic and there is no option for a bi pod to midigate the recoil and the broom stick barely helps ), and lastly trying to talk in the game is hard ( its the only game my mic has had a problem in both over coms and face to face ).Positivly I can say i have had a lot of adrenalin pumped encounters where i found my self dashing for cover as the snap of incoming rounds wiz past my skull, the souns are pretty good and of course loud to match. The placement of your items on you flack is at times a struggle to manage in a pinch and takes a good bit of practice to get right, but the positive to that is the stress it puts you under to reload or grab your trusty syringe and revive your buddy as he screams for mercy at your feet.Over all the game is fun, but only when it works. Id say wait a while on it, and if you want something like it but more like counterstrike VR I highly reccomend Pavlov."
,Not Recommended,496240,31852822,Posted: 19 May,all,Chaos Actual,"Poorly optimized and I don't have a potato computer. Servers are hit and miss at the moment because I can try and go into the shooting range and once I have a loadout, the time stated for the servers is a little over 2 hours (for a single person shooting range demo mind you.) Instead of having adding weapons and such, make a short interactive tutorial instead of being redirected to an video....The game engine is very wonky and graphics are subpar. If you are thinking about buying this, I would hold off until developers put in a single player mode and also fix a lot of the issues this game has."
76561198364375103,Not Recommended,496240,29869595,Posted: 12 February,all,SgtVakaMelGibson,"first ill say this right off the back.......the game is not no where a finish product and it is very robust for a $20+ game. With that said, its an okay experience for a mil-sim, but it is very confusing as hell. Let me explain.....The game does not tell you what the hell your supposed to do other than the fact of killing the opposite team. I played a couple of rounds and some rounds I lost due to unknown reasons and all i got was ""Defeat"". Im a hardcore gamer and the fact that it does not tell you what the objective is....is just bad. Your basically going blind into a game you know nothing about. The game (in my opinion) is not worth $20+ bucks at the current state. It a shame because I had high hopes for this game, but the fact that it does not explain objectives upfront, kills the gameplay and damages the experience. The only positive is the locomotion, which is pretty good (surprisingly), but is still a disappointment. Hopefully when more patches come along, ill give it another try."
,Not Recommended,496240,29616685,Posted: 31 January,all,Wilnaw,"This game has alot of potential. But I recommend passing until they improve performance and fix bugs. Here's why: After investing 8 - 10 hours crawling the internet looking for workarounds to improve performance (tweaking the Unity settings, installing Oculus SDK and various other suggestions from the community) the game simply didn't work in multiplayer (stuttering and low framerates). I don't feel right about recomending a game that one would have to 'hack' to get it to work right. That time would be better spent elswhere. That said, I understand it's Early Access. Unless you've got the time and don't mind implementing fixes and workaround to get the dame playable, then I recommend delaying your purchase until it comes out of beta."
76561198130938458,Not Recommended,496240,34386516,Posted: 20 August,all,Nil (TheSaiyanCat),"The Connections constaly go offline, Is there anyway I could Fix this Issue, other then that I love The game itself, but the servers just constantly go offline, is there anyway i could fix this issue? Help?"
76561197963724667,Not Recommended,496240,29834756,Posted: 10 February,all,Digicrat,"This game has a lot of potential, but still has a long way to go.  The concept, graphics, and realism is great.  For a single indie developer, this is a game to be proud of and I look forward to future improvements.At room scale, the TouchPad based movement is very disconcerting, though I suspect I could get used to it with time.  Conceptually I like this method better than teleporting, but in practice it's not usable for me yet.  I'd suggest adding options to adjust the speed and sensitivity of the dpad movement, including the potential for an extended acceleration curve (at room scale, quick movements can be done without the need for dad movement).  The sudden change in motion speed I think is the most disconcerting part at present.Another useful feature would be a reentering option for room scale.  To work online, this could be as simple as a button that locks your current position in the game while showing a marker to help realign yourself with the physical roo .The tutorial video is a good start, and definitely a necessary watch for the current incarnation, but should eventually be replaced with a full fledged in game tutorial mode.  Perhaps a short drill camp style tutorial mission to introduce new players to the controls and acclimate to the motion.3/5 stars.  Unfortunately steam doesn't have a neutral rating, so unfortunately I must give this a thumbs down for now."
,Not Recommended,496240,29884472,Posted: 12 February,all,❇ FallZ OF,"I like it, it's a fun game. BUT there is no choice of movement. There is only touchpad movement. If the developer can add an option for maybe, Armswinger, or even teleportation for those who get super dizzy from this locomotion that would be essential. But until then I wouldn't recommend you this game."
76561197960458938,Not Recommended,496240,33962014,Posted: 1 August,all,Crummy,"Meh, neat concept but shoddy gameplay"
76561198345345926,Not Recommended,496240,30073575,Posted: 20 February,all,BLACKSUSHI101,"In the beginning I loved this game, great game play, amazing detail put into the game. Such as the guns, the sights that come with the gun, and a helpful community. I still love the game, however, there are so many glitches that it is almost impossible to play. My mic stops working even though I was just talking with someone. In the middle of games it'll just stop working and kick me to menu. I am connected to ethernet, and have a high end mic, so I dont know what the problem is. These events have happened over and over again, and I can hardly get through a whole game. To many bugs to really enjoy, but some don't have the issue. But, in my perspective I honestly just need it to get me through the four games , I can't even get that far without something happening. Played for about 20 hours and still can't figure it out."
,Not Recommended,496240,30345834,Posted: 5 March,all,createthis,"I played this a few times in mid-late 2016, then again in March 2017. I own a Vive and a Rift Touch setup, but this review is for the Vive as that's what I used to play this.The same super annoying user experience bugs were still there (menus flaking out, ways to get into a state that deadlocks, etc). The game mechanics are awkward at best. Some of this may be solved with a gun shaped controller, but a lot of it is just silly lack of attention to game mechanics detail. Working the bolts on many guns will cause your controllers to clack together, for example, and sometimes it's almost impossible to draw the bolt back because your controller is in the way.Gameplay is ultra slow paced. Of the four or five rounds I played today, the ONLY time I saw a member of the enemy team was after I was shot in the back, once.The movement makes me sick. It's slow, and that helps, but I still feel slightly ill after a half hour in game. Is there a comfort mode? There should be if there isn't. (See Google Earth VR flight mode defaults for details of ""comfort mode"")Lag seemed to be a constant issue. I have a a fiber connection and play a lot of Titanfall 2. Lag usually isn't an issue. But the live feeds from my team mates when I was dead were always super choppy. Many people I played with spoke with a heavy accent, making me think they weren't even in my country. Maybe better match making based on geographic location?I mean, I get it. Counterstrike clone for VR, right? Single dev? That's fine. As a fellow VR dev I can appreciate the massive amount of work that obviously went into Onward. And maybe I just don't like counterstrike anymore (haven't played since 1999-2000), I don't know.  I just think the focus should be less on ultra realism at the expense of user experience and more on fun gameplay. A spawn gameplay mode would be nice. Fix the annoying UI bugs. Stop making my controllers clack together. Stop making me sick.It's a cool preview of things to come, it just lacks a lot of polish to the point where I don't think I'll play it again unless people start screaming about how all the issues I list above have been fixed."
,Not Recommended,496240,34843875,Posted: 9 September,all,cercata,"No smooth turn with Oculus Touch :(It seems a good game, but dont buy it if you don't have a 360 setup."
,Recommended,496240,33743476,Posted: 23 July,all,Godislove4u,Controls work excellent now on the oculus and the single player part is very fun.The game has the highest graphics and is most polished for a fps vr game.Praise Jesus!
,Recommended,496240,29012635,Posted: 4 January,all,Ritsuka,"Do not let the early access dissuade you from purchasing this game, it is already superior to most paid games for VR by far, and is still improving.So far this is the only VR game I have found that has a tremendous replay value, and to add to it, it's fun, and multiplayer. It is close to counterstrike competitive mode, the current features are a 4v4 competition mode, and a multiplayer shooting range. This game takes skill, and is a good workout to play, but not too strenuous. Unlike counterstrike though, weapons are not purchased, but selected before each match based on personal preference.The guns are fairly realistic in damage and use, far more than counterstrike or battlefield, sniper rifles are very difficult to use in the heat of battle, machine guns are cumbersome to reload. The only hangup I had with weapons (which is on the list to be fixed right now), is the high calibre weapons do the same damage as low calibre.I highly recommend this game to any VR Vive user who is looking for a multiplayer FPS."
,Recommended,496240,33609340,Posted: 17 July,all,Watchman2353,"Onward us the final evolution of Counter Strike, and is amazing for it."
,Not Recommended,496240,28356364,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Cobavnij_V4,This game is racist against short people
,Not Recommended,496240,29426099,Posted: 22 January,all,negus maximus,"This game is so immersive, I sweat uncontrollably just like if I was in the middle east myself.Think it's mostly because of the unstable frames and nauseating movement system."
76561198145689259,Not Recommended,496240,29228130,Posted: 13 January,all,danielisharon,FIX THE HEIGHT PROBLEME!Im not 168m yet and I am stuck crouchingI will update this comment when you'll fix the probleme
76561197993836709,Not Recommended,496240,28530534,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jarrod1937,"I will preface this whole review with, I can't CURRENTLY recommend the game, but I am not entirely against it. It's basically an alpha state game where bugs will be common, and I can work around that. However, for me, the game would kick me out of any match in 30 seconds to a couple of minutes. I would even attempt a ""solo"" shooting range, and would still get kicked back to the main menu. I spent a couple of days troubleshooting, assuming it may be my network connection, but the best I can tell, it is the game that is at fault. This particular issue doesn't seem to be that common though, I was only able to find one other person on the forums that had a similar issue.Thus, even in an alpha state, the game is not even playable for me. Others have reported many other bugs, even though that's to be expected, don't buy if you're not willing to work around those.Aside from that, I would also like to say that some of the controls need work. Overall, locomotion was fine and grabbing grenades...etc, but I for the life of me couldn't get the reloading to work even following the instructions on the forums and the tutorial video. Of course, I was unable to stay in a game for more than a few minutes, so I didn't have much time to get used to it ;-)On the plus side of things, the community is overall very helpful and nice. There are a few rude and annoying people, but they get overshadowed."
76561197995941131,Not Recommended,496240,29362417,Posted: 19 January,all,Masn45,"Framerate would drop to unplayable levels, despite having good specs and low setting."
,Not Recommended,496240,33431693,Posted: 10 July,all,lord_zedo19,"game is good,..but the reload system is crappy,...too hard to take out weapon magazine,..can they make it more simple?...i play Pavlov VR too and this game has very good reload system,..."
,Not Recommended,496240,28518105,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,DaveFace <3,"ONWARD proves that faux-realistic 'military sims' have huge potential in VR, but everything about the execution is horrible.Positives:Once you're past the dodgy controls and graphics, there is some fun to be had.Negatives:On Oculus at least, the controls were finnicky and made very simple actions like reloading more difficult than they needed to be. Other games like Pavlov manage semi-realistic reloading just fine, so it's not impossible to achieve.As it's based on Unity the graphics optimisation is terrible, with simple effects like smoke tanking the framerate. The graphics are mediocre at best, with the most visually appealing maps being lifted straight from the Unity asset store.It's simply not worth the price right now. Maybe it will be later."
,Not Recommended,496240,28390256,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Xanoxis Do'Urden,"I cannot recommend this game. It was overhyped too much, praised just because it got released first and was made by some kid.First of all, it is a frustrating gameplay. 90% of the time you have no idea where enemy is or from he is shooting, and matches consist of staying in one place camping or moving somewhere and dying from invisible enemy to you. One match I was camping in the middle of map, result? Won the match by killing everyone. Another match, I try to move and actually fight, find people, result? Die in first minute from a camper in dark window. Expect nothing else, and if you want to have fun, you have to dig it out of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this game is.Add to that lifeless, TOO BIG maps, that are badly designed, movement that can make you sick, average at best optimalization, average graphics (but it's VR, reasonable), bugs, crashes, and slow updates. If you think one dev will fix entire game, dream on."
,Not Recommended,496240,28164564,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Maj. Klutz,"I've never been prone to motion sickness IRL or in games, but VR is different. I'm 0.7hrs played and I can only handle this game for aout 10-15 minutes at a time.That said, The game is very immersive. The graphics are not great but they have to compromise for frame rate and in the end, graphics don't matter when the wall is right in front of you and not on a screen.Movement takes some getting used to but kneeling, peeking around corners, looking around, aiming and shooting are all real actions.I'm hoping to become aclimated to nausia inducing effects of VR but it's going to take some time. I tried to push through and ignore the motion sickness but after a few more minutes I had to drop out and lay down for a half hour.Update: 3rd time playing I did three rounds. Some motion sickness but better than last time.I am enjoying the game, a few minutes at a time, but it is early access and due to the motion sickness and generaly unpolished look and feel at this time, I would not reccomend it to my friends (yet)"
,Not Recommended,496240,28571265,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,☯ZenoSloth☯,In this games current state I cannot recomend it. Is it a fantastic game? Yes. Is it extremely fun? Hell yes. Have I had an amazing time with the experience? Yes. This is an early access game and there are bugs. alot of bugs. sometimes this game is completely unplayable. but I still love it anyways.
76561198209592044,Not Recommended,496240,25547974,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,SweetyLaura,"In it's current state, this game is hard to justify the price. I don't dislike it, although I did ask for a refund, it's just so early that there are far too many annoyances. The inventory system (switching weapons, gear etc) is really hit and miss. I have no idea how you could reach the grenade in the heat of battle since it's determined to hide behind your chest armour and primary weapon. Reloading is cool, but the position of all the levers you pull and hammers you♥♥♥♥♥♥are inside the right controller, meaning you will smash the controllers together constantly during a match. Running is difficult to achieve, seems you have to double tap the forward point of the track-pad AND lean forward? I don't know, couldn't quite figure it out.As I said at the start, I don't dislike it, it does give that same feeling of being out on a paintball day trip or playing nerf with friends. But the problems above, coupled with the terrible lobby system, just saps the fun out of the game. I played for an hour and did about 10 minutes of gameplay. Meh, but maybe something to check out at version 1.0."
,Not Recommended,496240,28398145,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,goyoelburro2,"I REALLY want to like this game.It has GREAT graphics, the firing physics are realistic, and it looks like fun....The controls are complicated though, and although I have figured out which buttons reload, it has a fairly steep learning curve before it will feel natural reloading.The multiplayer looks like fun, but I tried a few avail servers, and saw I would have to sit for 5 min (or go to the firing range to kill time) before I could join.  I think adding ""quick in"" servers apart from the normal option, would make the game a LOT more fun.I will re-review after I've had a chance to try the multiplayer, which after all, is the heart of this game."
76561198320812104,Not Recommended,496240,25471342,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,BrewVR,"*BARF* There's been talk about this game not making people sick who are prone to motion sickness. The artificial locomotion system is nothing special and doesn't apply any of the known techniques to help with motion sickness like tunneling. Besides movement being sometimes slower and there being more of the environment to see in some stages, you'll get sick if you normally get sick. Sliding/gliding is not more immersive. The movement system was wonky and the interface was challenging to use at the current stage. Not for me, but it seems to be the game for a lot of people. I'll just play with H3 when I need realism."
,Not Recommended,496240,29408089,Posted: 21 January,all,DavE,always get 15 fps on a 980ti thus making my head spin and resulting in me getting angry and rage quiting!
,Not Recommended,496240,26753922,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,EricTheEskimo,Broken and practicly unplayable
,Not Recommended,496240,34088030,Posted: 7 August,all,Lawrence Boii,"Operations needs to be fixed. There's a ""Hunt"" mode but it's not a ""Hunt"" mode at all The minute you fire a bullet most of the enemies in the map automatically know exactly where you are and all run to you similtaniously, really needs to be fixed because I feel like Operations would be really fun otherwise."
76561198147510051,Not Recommended,496240,34821488,Posted: 8 September,all,GarlicBread,"resolution to bad to see anything, buggy guns and irritating players"
76561198192730983,Not Recommended,496240,34742739,Posted: 4 September,all,Fuck Your Sauce,"For some reason the game wont let me stand, i am 6'3 and the only way i am able to play is if i kneal down. anyone know what the problem is?"
,Not Recommended,496240,31021563,Posted: 8 April,all,TimeFlys,"I can't honestly say whether or not I reccomend this game.The solo shooting range is the glitchiest thing I have ever gone through on any VR game hands down.On the other hand, the games realistic feel and mechanics are advanced compared to other shooters.The graphics are decent but not the best on the market.There is also no playable tutorial to help you understand the controls and the dynamics of multi-player. (There is a video but I feel like a hands-on expirience would greatly improve the game."
,Not Recommended,496240,33474542,Posted: 12 July,all,Subject72,"This is the most infuriating community ive ever come across. The game runs great, the reloading system is a bit of a pain, but its filled with nothing but teamkillers who once you have gotten tired of their♥♥♥♥♥♥and decide you want to play, so you stoop to their level and kill them at the beginning just so you might breath a bit of gameplay in a firefight, they decide to kick you from the match. Its ♥♥♥♥ing rediculous."
,Not Recommended,496240,30092407,Posted: 21 February,all,Cryooooooooooooo,"For all the hype this game has I'm honestly very unimpressed. It was my first FPS game for VR and there are better games available on the platform.  I want to like it, it is popular, the graphics are fine. The locomotion is terrible. I've never written a review against a game, and I have a hard time doing so against a popular one, and one I want to see succeed. This game is just not great, I would return it if I could.If they could get the same locomotion as The Art of Fight I would change my tune, I get massive motion sickness here."
,Not Recommended,496240,29855112,Posted: 11 February,all,R3volve,"As an idea, its great.As a game, its awful.It's an FPS Simulator where they took the worst parts of simulators and added the worst parts of FPS.The movement is so slow that you are basically a sitting duck for a camper. Imagine trying to run from cover to cover where your fastest movement speed is a leisurely stroll.The maps are poorly laid out. Its not clear what direction you are suppose to go, or what direction the enemy comes from.This gives a huge advantage to people who know the maps.Games like this are why VR is struggling to take off.They look great, but then you start playing and realize the developers are amatuers and know absolutely nothing about game theory.You wil spend less than 1% of your time in this game actually engaged in a firefight."
76561198069107819,Not Recommended,496240,34958690,Posted: 14 September,all,Carlton Banks,how to pop your knee out simulator (only play if its free/cheap)
,Not Recommended,496240,30132023,Posted: 23 February,all,Cristian,blue screen 3 times in 1 hour... its good but i cant play it.Will try later.
76561198314297213,Not Recommended,496240,25373888,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,WarWolf,"Lags and has framerate issues with a GTX 1070. This causes insane motion sickness. The movement feature (non-teleporting) also causes motion sickness. Only game I have on my Vive that has done so. I have currently requested a refund and this is the first game I've asked for a refund, ever. Please hold off on buying until game has been out for a little longer and gets optimized beter."
76561198106150714,Not Recommended,496240,28662651,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Diogenes,Get bullets and more VR instead of this.Only because the gun handling is really awful.
,Not Recommended,496240,26110238,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,PapaP90,Fought the buggy controls more often than enemies. Took three tries to pull the bolt on the rifle and three more to reseat my hand on the trigger. Will be refunding.
76561198079525569,Not Recommended,496240,31987375,Posted: 26 May,all,ShaggNasteE,cant even open it
76561198017632588,Not Recommended,496240,31528157,Posted: 3 May,all,Paganist668,"game buggy, controls sucky, refundedwill try again in one year"
,Not Recommended,496240,29794299,Posted: 8 February,all,CuddzBear,Horrible disorienting
76561198371052082,Not Recommended,496240,33962695,Posted: 1 August,all,jalbrekt,Was really looking forward to this game however it is buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥and the multiplayer servers are down for me 90% of the time which is the only reason I wanted the game in the first place. Not to mention having to restart the game 5+ times  before I am even able to load into a game. Instantly refunded it after that.
76561198047496863,Not Recommended,496240,28982293,Posted: 3 January,all,lirezh,"A horrible experience on Oculus Rift, unplayable !The touch controller is implemented in a bad way, buttons non intuitive and the movement button is stuck half of the time.I was not able to move straight, only diagonally .....The ""grip"" button is not required to be held, so it breaks immersion.I was not able to reload, too fiddly.When looking a bit down you see your own body, from the inside. Is that supposed to be like that ?? A big immersion breaker to see a half baked wireframe bugging around your few whenever you need to change weapons or grab something.I had to use the task manager to exit the ""tutorial"", it was playing in a loop in the background while in VR. No way to get it gone without killing ""steam web helper"".A real horrible experience, I expected so much from the reviews and got less than a pre-alpha test."
,Not Recommended,496240,31575797,Posted: 6 May,all,The Mortiest Morty!,"I can't recommend that is so difficult for newcomers to just jump in and enjoy. One day this game will be replaced by another VR shooter and it will be dead.  There's no ingame tutorials, the shooting range doesn't allow you to have infinite ammo clips, and there's no bot mode to try out before playing against people who know what they're doing.  Once you die in the game (which will be very fast), you have to wait for the round to be over. If they address any of these issues I've mentioned, I'd reconsider my thumbs down."
76561198077418289,Not Recommended,496240,28724385,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MaskedPanda,"Really cool, but huge problem is you can get motion sickness real fast. Not ready as of now."
76561198020860932,Not Recommended,496240,29671346,Posted: 3 February,all,jaredbeck2002,Game looks cool but I was never able to get it to start on my Occulus Cv1. Please make it run better with Occulus CV1.
,Not Recommended,496240,34522406,Posted: 26 August,all,Solid Snake,Are you new to VR? Are you still casual to all this? Don't by this yet. Not only does the game look like♥♥♥♥♥♥  ( No offence it is early acess still) It just that I was kicked from the first 5 matches I tried to start just based on the default loadout. In one of the matches I was quickly given the rules for a hostage match..... I was the last man alive on my team and then I got kicked. I will wait until this is a solid game and the rules are not just made by the hose over the mic.  save your money. I am sure one day this will be a great game but for now this is a really early access game. It is not ready. Try it out if you must. I heard great things but nah. It will be great but animations are still janky. Rules are still funky. I rather wait and then buy when I know this is a safe bet and not just something for an elite few.
76561198088768224,Not Recommended,496240,26208261,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Handibot067.2,"Onward is a great attempt at a mil-sim game that falls short on almost every leve.1)  The game is perpetually clunky.  Movements and actions often are lagged or non-occurent even with fast machines.  This is true after several updates.2)  The movement features barely function and running is near impossible.3)  Listen to the tutorial.  You'll laugh, I guarantee it!4)  Please avoid."
76561197963913789,Not Recommended,496240,34044561,Posted: 5 August,all,Bernhard,Cannot hold rifles with my left hand without going into full left hand mode.
76561198373346781,Not Recommended,496240,34390477,Posted: 21 August,all,ChillyNips,"Infuriatingly broken game. Just grabbing a knife is impossible and you kill yourself doing it. They try to  infer too much information about the players body and doesnt work. Just use buttons for switching items, not arbitrary positions in space that just dont work. I like what theyre trying to do, but its too broken to play. Wish i could return this game"
76561198042862637,Not Recommended,496240,31051815,Posted: 9 April,all,smrpbgames,First time I ever asked for money back.Controls were non responsive at times and the way you move was hard to get used to.
,Not Recommended,496240,28424045,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,qhead,"I wouldn't recommend this game right now simply because controls need A LOT of work. I've been playing for the past 20 years and I honestly couldn't figure out how to reload the weapon. I tried what the tutorial video demonstrated but nope, doesn't grip the mag. But I won't ask a refund because I think after some work this could really be an awesome VR shooter and I really appreciate the ambition behind the project."
76561198167024967,Not Recommended,496240,29578031,Posted: 29 January,all,ZiggyStartups,"Great idea, promising game, but the graphics are primitive, not designed with VR in mind, as the motion can lead to motion sickness. Shooting and guns are good, but can't get past the visuals. Sorry. I will try it again though..."
,Not Recommended,496240,35006566,Posted: 16 September,all,The Grum,"Spend 10 minutes getting into a match, run for 30 seconds, die from someone who pops you with one-shot as they only point their gun out from around a corner, wait for everyone else to finish. Okay, this time I'll take it slow and try to communicate. My teammate says, ""They're over here."" Great. Thanks for that info. Oh wait, but somehow the guy diffused the uplink in 15 seconds. Fantastic.The skill of people who play this are far beyond what the newbies can hope to improve to quickly and it's not fun enough to invest the time to improve. I'll just play something else."
,Recommended,496240,25271371,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Harvester of Sorrow,"This game is a MILESTONE in VR development! What we have experienced with other games has all come down to this moment.  I personally have played roughly 45 VR titles, but this one blows them all away and is my new favorite.If you played the ARMA series this is as close as it gets to actually being there.  Realistic weapon mechanics and equipment operation combined with 4v4 multiplayer hightens your Vive gaming to a whole 'nother level.  It might as well be a time-machine as well, because before you know it hours have passed.Yes there are a couple bugs here and there, but within 24 hours of launch there have been 2 patches so you know you have an awesome team of developers making sure you have the best gameplay experience possible.The hype is real, folks.  If you have a Vive this needs to be in your library."
76561198176193377,Not Recommended,496240,31333479,Posted: 23 April,all,Le Brandonian,"Alright, this game is fun and all, and I love the realism of it. There's a wide variety of guns, cool maps, and the sounds are fantastic. BUT I have two major issues. Issue number 1, starting off is confusing as poop, the tutorial doesnt really show you how to, you know move around. And the second issue also isn't with the gameplay, it's with the servers. I dont know why, but I would see ""Loading Onward"" more than the actual game, to the point where by the time I could see the map, the round was often over, and we'd either won or died. I had some fun talking with the other players about it, and added a person or two that I met, but I can not play this game. Literally, I'm unable to play it."
76561198007335731,Not Recommended,496240,29003460,Posted: 4 January,all,Playlanco,This game has potential but be warned if you have an Oculus the hand presence and controls are very primitive compared to other Oculus titles like Dead and Buried and even Arizona Sunshine. I may play this game again in the future if the developer learns how to implement real touch controls and hand presence into the game.
,Not Recommended,496240,25710877,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,amir,I have never been so nauseous in my life.
,Not Recommended,496240,25417695,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,⎛⎝Duckers⎠⎞,"I LOVE the conccept, but it's apparently not for me.2 of my first matches i get killed off before i get to aim with one bullet to the headaiming with motion controllers is unfortunately very clunky as there's no real grip to it so the aim is all over the placeAnd since the vive's res only is 1440p, everything farther than 50 feet gets very pixelated."
,Not Recommended,496240,25774725,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,⋖ℭ𝔥𝔞𝔬𝔰𝔰⋗,"This game is terrible, the controls either flat out do not work or are so awkward and change mid-game it's not worth the effort which is a shame as the game itself looks like it could be quite fun."
,Not Recommended,496240,33924651,Posted: 31 July,all,subsphinx,Played 20 minutes. Would not give refund.
,Not Recommended,496240,29771949,Posted: 7 February,all,Mr Bombastic,"If you enjoy being 1 hit by people you couldn't see with no oppurtunity to fight back and then waiting 5 minutes to dfo it over again, this is the game for you.If you're not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, then probs give this pile of trash a miss."
,Not Recommended,496240,26381188,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Takeya Saito,"Very disapointed, i had heard good things but not only is the community quite crap so is the game, i couldn't even aim down the scope without the vive controller hitting the headset, i had to resort to aimed with my gun sideways .. wtf? Even when holding the gun with both hands the thing is barely stable at all, because the controller are obviously not linked together physically like a gun would the whole thing shakes like crazy and there is no real stabilization in the game, overall it is just a mess."
76561197971353375,Not Recommended,496240,35261061,Posted: 28 September,all,BIG BOSS DIK,Pavlov is better.
,Not Recommended,496240,30953895,Posted: 4 April,all,SpaceMarineofLove,I tried to start a solo shooting range session but the game said I had to wait 120 minutes for a host. This game needs a medic.
76561198174223414,Not Recommended,496240,25674993,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,severinkfu,not worth the money cant even install right you guys need to fix it or want my money back !
76561197979441942,Not Recommended,496240,25677767,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Smashemup,"Interface is horrible, Ive spent almost an hour watching the video on how to play and attempting to reload the weapons and its so clumsy its not worth the moneyFOr 23 bucks i would expect a better way to reload"
76561198010789869,Not Recommended,496240,25477754,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Chasson,"Do you enjoy meditating in a peaceful, photo grey space? Do you have infinite patience? Can you slowly come to accept that the game will not load after mulitple installs? Then Onward you must go. For me, I think I'll head the other way."
,Not Recommended,496240,33527696,Posted: 13 July,all,Keith,"The game can only be played if you overclock your processor or have a GTX1080. If you're still on an i5 or have a 1060, you'll move in slow motion near smoke and gunfire despite your settings. Support will tell you it's your fault and to change a bunch of settings and to overclock. I have no problems playing any other game at all except onward. It's badly optimized, full of bugs and hacks and will be in early access for the next 5 years."
,Not Recommended,496240,31778413,Posted: 15 May,all,k4go,This game is by far one of the worst games i've played on the oculus.
,Not Recommended,496240,30402345,Posted: 8 March,all,sKysharK,The movement in this game will make u puke.
76561198139004017,Not Recommended,496240,31204827,Posted: 17 April,all,BuffThe(Woods),this game is bad not how it looks and a waist of money
,Not Recommended,496240,25296052,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Cajun Panda,"I would say I'm moderately prone to motion sickness. I can play VR racing and flight sims for an hour or two and only feel mildly uneasy. This game was bad though. I would lose my balance moving around and after 15 minutes I was feeling very sick.Have to say the concept is great though, wish I could play it more!"
,Not Recommended,496240,25473357,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,"David ""TheDave"" Eastwick","Original review:Jolted, no respawning, black screen when trying to climb in through a window, aweful game.Edited review:Jolted:My system is an I7 gtx1080 built specificly for vr (well upgraded to the point of being a new system for vr) and every match i tried had horrible jolts at the start of the match.No resapwning:I am now 37 years old, my reflexes are not what they once were and i play games for fun, its a hobby i have had for decades, i also work full time, so when i play a game its to unwind, going a few feet and then dieing and having to stand watching my body for more time then i got to play followed by sitting in a virtual tent watching spectator cam is not fun for me, thats a bad design (unless you like counterstrike and then maybe thats a plus for you, this however is my review and opinion on why i would not recommend the game and yep this is a HUGE point) *note* it has been mentioned that new modes are coming with out the stupid lack of respawn. (to pre empt the ""get good"" comments, when you have limited time to play spending most of that time unable to play does not inspire you to play more)black screen when trying to climb in through a window:on one of the maps, i saw a bad guy the other side of a building, i shot him through the large open window, i then went to climb into the window (we are talking man sized open window in real life you could be stood and just step over the window ledge into the building. I was suddenly blinded, on the original version of my review it was mentioned that this was an anti cheat measure and that i was trying to cheat! nope i was trying to use the enviromentas if i was there, the building had a very nicely made interior (a rundown looking building) the window was more then big enough to accomatate me, and in real life it is exactly what i would do, move into the building that would provide me more cover and allow for a more direct approach to the objective.so why is this such a bad thing? it means the anti cheat function is going wrong or that the resources are cookie cut assets from the store and have not been mapped out properly (in other words the game believes them to be a clipped area for the player) and time was not taken to add an asset over the window to show that players are not permitted into the building (some blanks would of done)aweful game:yep in my opinion the game is terriable and i would not recommend it to anyone, its my opinion though (a fact some seem to not understand) if the points i make are irrelevent to you then ignore my lack of recommendation and read another review, for some this game is the bees knees, but for me, its one of the worst games i have played in a long time."
,Not Recommended,496240,25352281,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,NesTHA Squid,"no tutorial, doesnt tell me what the buttons do! got me sick, improve the locomotion, i know the quality will imrpove but holly♥♥♥♥♥♥its so far off! I wouldnt recomend it at all, on its current state. SHould have probably kept this in limited testing for now. Maybe released something in a few months to a year."
,Not Recommended,496240,25294986,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Salan,"I love the way the game feels in the shooting range.  The movement is exactly what I want from this game, the way the guns work, absolutely.  Early access is Early access.  I couldn't find anything on how to swap to a side arm, once I pulled a syringe out and had no clue how to put it away... some tutorials would really help.I have asked for a refund for this game, and I will not be rebuying it until it changes.why?After 45 minutes of playing the game I still have not actually played the game.  Lobby after lobby after lobby of active games.  No ping notification to tell me if I can even connect with these people, as well as no notification if a game is in progress or in the lobby.I'm sorry, I'm no COD fanboy.  But large drawn out maps that take forever to play and sitting in lobbies waiting to play are simply not in my time frame.  I am a successful single parent.  I work, I go to post graduate school upgrading my degree, I have kids and I am dating.  I don't have time to waste on a project that makes me sit in a lobby doing nothing in the time I actually have to play.Make it easier to get into an actual game and playing and I will rebuy it, don't and I won't.  Rather simple for me.  I want to play it, not wish I was playing it."
76561197986048103,Not Recommended,496240,25333738,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Jo_,"I really wanted this to be cool but god 40 minutes of trying to reload the weapon was really enough for me (yes, I watched the tutorial)."
,Not Recommended,496240,25271089,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,o-super,"I rarely post bad comments but for now this game is UNPLAYABLE with my rig:- Geforce 970- Proc i7 3770 (3.4Ghz)- 8 Go Ram- Installed on SSDYou can expect a very fluid menu and solo part but when it comes to play online it is laggy as hell, the screen turn back into 'The Vive Ready Room' every 5 seconds."
76561198211045192,Not Recommended,496240,34394809,Posted: 21 August,all,IsOmri,boaring boaring boaring...
76561198018063196,Not Recommended,496240,25355107,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ZsaZsaGabor,"Played one game, a guy ran up on me and was invisible.. could only see a floating pistol. Made me feel a bit sick.. meh"
,Not Recommended,496240,25250981,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Andreas,"Just played 67 minutes of this game..As of right now my opinion is...... Don't get it yet, wait for them to fix issues.FPS was horrible. (980ti)Maybe it will get better with time.Edit: Due to the ♥♥♥♥♥yness and lack of acceptance of different opinions in the community I now recommend staying far far away..."
76561198339476516,Not Recommended,496240,34749019,Posted: 4 September,all,Ksaiedi,VEERY BAD AND GLICHY.  PLAYERS ARE MEAN AND  ARE THE WORST. WILL KICK YOU FROM GAME BEACUSE YOUR NEW. THE HANDS GLICH ALL THE TIME SO IT DOESNT LET GO OF WHATEVER YOUR HOLDING AND SWITCH\ RELOADING IS HARD. KNOWING WHO TO SHOOT IS HARD. OVER ALL ITS SO GLICHY THATS ITS UNPLAYABLE AND PLAYERS ARE SO MEAN THAT THEY KICK ANYONE WHO ISNT GOOD.... PLAESE DONT BUY THIS GAME*!!!!!!!!!!PAVLOV IS SO SO MUCH MORE FUN!!
76561198306546866,Not Recommended,496240,25280964,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,carlos_barreiro1,Anyone prone to motion sickness do not buy this game !
76561198013063720,Not Recommended,496240,29249914,Posted: 14 January,all,asdasdsadasd,"movement was terrible, stupid gun controls, everyone camping. get kicked out for no reason a lot.refunded the game after about 30mins..."
,Not Recommended,496240,29262064,Posted: 14 January,all,Mike Zwo ง℘4ཞ´ʂƙƙ18ʝ,"Could be a good VR experience when the tracking would be better. Impossible to enjoy it with a dual sensor setup and way too laggy and shaky right now.It's just stupid run and gunning anyways, far less content than CSGO Matchmaking.4 vs 4 with bad controlls and no mechanics.Worth 3 euro maybe, not 22,99. I gave the game two chances, got disappointed twice."
76561197974761927,Not Recommended,496240,25739347,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Master Betty!,"good game apart from few devs/bugs/forums. what lets it down and why im not recommending this game is because you get oculus idoits on forum bugging people about how they can get around it and play but when you tell them they should of brought a proper vr system in the first place the dev become alittle ♥♥♥♥♥ and start banning me from posting but not the other guy he just gets alittle telling off saying i cant punish one but not the other and then does nothing against him so yea DOUBLE STANDARDS!!!!!!i DONT RECOMMEND THIS BUGGY PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!! (CHRIS THE DEV IS MY REASON FOR THUMBS DOWN, WELL DONE MATE)"
76561198300412547,Not Recommended,496240,25276421,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,CharlieUK,Felt very sick almost immediately when playing this game.  Watch the demo and you will realise why you feel motion sick.  No transport or fast pace like other games offer.  Asking steam for a refund as we speak.
76561198124516461,Not Recommended,496240,25277671,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,bigtroy1114,I understand this game is early access but that doesn't mean I should have to wait 2o minutes and not get in a game.Refunded
,Not Recommended,496240,25284481,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Whitby,Dont listen to positive reviews. Its buggy. Counter intuative. First VR game to give me motion sickness it simply doesnt work properly movement is way off. Also you spend more time in lobbies than actually playing. Its just slow and boring. Oh and aiming is rerally bad too.
76561197974854004,Not Recommended,496240,25262406,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,MrLeadFellow,You can only see 50yards and the maps are 500 lol....Very buggy still..very bad fps on a 980 ti.2vs2 plays ok but anything over that leads to the puke bucket.I don't understand making the maps that big when the vive's veiw range in distance is very poor.huge open maps you can't see but 50yards in lol...Looking into a refund.
76561198016019323,Not Recommended,496240,25927303,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SLN,THERE IS A TROJAN VIRUS IN THE GAME. PLEASE GET THIS REMOVED.
76561198276543696,Not Recommended,496240,25259297,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,VrEdisons,"bummer about the game looks awesome, but it will crash soon after starting and there are reports of trojans :( looked Awesome but ill wait. I am going to uninstall and refund. Sorry devs"
,Not Recommended,496240,25553856,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,gfade3233,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME THERE IS A TROJAN WITHIN THE GAME!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,496240,25263945,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,0ops sorry,onward is a boring  game
76561198020012394,Recommended,496240,30478766,Posted: 12 March,all,Saint,This is the only game I play anymore.  The game play is so real.  The developers need to get updates and new maps coming faster though.
76561198310443041,Recommended,496240,29475404,Posted: 24 January,all,rawdilz,"One of the most fun games ive played in vr yet. If you like old school cod, back when it was good you will like this. 9/10 when the graphics get better this will be amazing. i cant wait to play more! Worth the asking price!"
76561197979537937,Recommended,496240,29132267,Posted: 8 January,all,K1ul3ss,Edit: Updates have resolved the movement issue on Oculus. I will say a thrid camera sensor is necessary to avoid motion sickness.
76561198064874585,Recommended,496240,30604488,Posted: 18 March,all,Rekiosu,"Thing csgo but more hardcore and in VR. This is that game. Its immersive and fun. You always find a lobby no matter what time of the day it is. Community is 50/50 to be honest. 50 percent love you and want to help you then the other 50 percent are your average trolly people that rage and flame for no reason.A few issues with this game which im sure the developer will fix over time. There is a lack of game modes. Steep learning curve. Sights for the snipers suck/hard to use if your hand isn't perfectly still. Long games leaving people stuck waiting for the next round to be alive. Tutorial map doesn't exist, there is a shooting gallery to practise your aim but thats it.Great game though, worth it as it is right now. It will only get better as time goes on."
76561197964837756,Recommended,496240,30497493,Posted: 13 March,all,PowPownder,"EASILY the BEST multiplayer FPS experience since Golden Eye. Its fresh and different, and slightly anxiety enducing being shot at, but i cant follow an A with enough pluses. MUST BUY"
76561198044250449,Recommended,496240,30530055,Posted: 15 March,all,TheLegend27,"This game was pretty fun so far, but only in very very short breaks, i don't get motion sickness but this game.... oh my god i get it really bad, if it don't get better soon i might need to refund it"
,Recommended,496240,30502630,Posted: 13 March,all,heyo,First game I've purchased for the Vive and it's amazing. Community is good as well!
,Recommended,496240,28655792,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Bill Nye The 3rd Reich Spy,Mild PTSD..
,Recommended,496240,30633384,Posted: 20 March,all,Dead Last Soul,This Is One Of The Best Tactical Fps For VR If You Have A VR I Highly Recommend This Game.
76561198072714208,Recommended,496240,30787696,Posted: 27 March,all,[GSR] Aerith,"Threw a grenade that made my carpal tunnel act up. So 8.5/10. Solid game. Barebones now, but dev promises a new content update soon. I highly reccomend roomscale if possible. Okay bye <3"
,Recommended,496240,30625437,Posted: 19 March,all,Sideswipe,"Remember, be tall."
76561198179930933,Recommended,496240,26595045,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,trev.brook,"This is easily one of the best VR games that is out there. I'm more than addicted to it. Everything about this game rocks, but it would be really sweet if it had an offline storymode or something like that."
76561198032500301,Recommended,496240,25388894,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Fracker,"Very Good game, its a must buy. Hoping for a few improvements down the line like binocs to see team mates, more short range maps like counter strike and a leaderboard to show that im the best of the best =)"
,Recommended,496240,25329254,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,I'M NOT LAW!,"Edit:I previously had trouble running this game, it turned out to be a virtual memory problem and I just needed to change some figures and now I'm able to play this amazing game.I mean seriously, yeah you can tell it needs a bit more work but even with the minimum hardware specs I had sooo much fun acting all tactical and maybe accidentally shooting my team mates.For definite its a must have if you like GPs games or even enjoy things like akrsoft or paintball as it kind of gives you the same barebones feel.I'm even thinking of upgrading my system just for this game even though I don't think it's 100% necessary."
76561198031186499,Recommended,496240,25372503,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Subject_6,10/10 would do workout by teabagging after combaya circle shootout :D BUY THIS GAME! It is hillarious and we need more people in it!!!
76561198066476870,Recommended,496240,25403755,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,DISH,this game is beyond words. its like most good games... minus the suck.
,Recommended,496240,25402009,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,strauberry,Onward has the potential to be the VR community's first widely successful multiplayer FPS. Even in it's extremely raw and unpolished state it is easily my favorite game right now.
,Recommended,496240,25402229,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,ManzanitaPostDog [GER],"Compared to other VR games at the moment this is a 10/10.Great immersion, exciting gameplay and a very decent multiplayer community. There are some bugs and glitches but you still feel like in the middle of the battlefield. No VR sickness issues for me. First VR game I played for more than one hour without a pause."
76561198016349840,Recommended,496240,25305159,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,InQ,awesome realistic gameplay
76561197980676841,Recommended,496240,25471809,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,VRtual Boys,"After Dante quickly fixed some early bugs, this game is arguably the best online experience in VR. Mixing some of the realistic mechanics of H3VR with a solid touchpad movement system is the next logical step, and he gets it right! Sometimes it seems like I'm not sprinting as fast as I should be (very minor), but the ease of discussing tactics on the fly and executing has never been as engaging and effective as it is now with VR, Onward specifically. Some hilarious body physics quirks and the ease of voice recording are going to make for funny mixed reality videos. Early Access 9/10."
76561197972561644,Recommended,496240,25472931,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Masa IV,"Really looking forward to seeing how this game develops.I was concerned when first starting (since it had been available for a bit) that it would have a steep learning curve and I'd be dragging my team down.  I was pleasanntly surprised to find that in almost every game I played, there was someone playing their first game.  I was also pleasantly surprised to find the community to be very welcoming.  Even players on the opposite team were giving me instructions on how to do things (pulling the map out can be a bit tricky).The controls are well done.  The weapons worked pretty much how I would expect them to (Marine Corps).The locomotion - I don't know what it is, but I have no problems with the trackpad locomotion in this game.  I returned Hoover Junkers after about 10 minutes.  The only time I get a bit wobbly is when running quickly up stairs.Anyway, it is a fun game.  I have encountered very few bugs, especially for an early access game.  Highly recommend."
76561198315158723,Recommended,496240,25471011,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,xXxNiggaDildoxXx,"I dont usually write reviews... but this game is worth while.If anyone is on the fence about purchasing this, just get it. Ive played 15 hours and i dont plan on stopping anytime soon.Pros-fluid movement once you adjust to.-visuals and gameplay are amazing.Cons-Sniping is difficult."
76561197998450663,Recommended,496240,25309034,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Fleeb,This is the most awesome fps for the vive. I'm looking forward to putting a lot more time into this game. Ordered a rifle stock for my wands just for this! I can't wait to try it out!
,Recommended,496240,25309259,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Budgy,"If you want an ArmA or Rainbow 6 experience in VR look no further. While it is currently a bit glitchy and rough around the edges (especially in the GUI), no other game has come close to this level of tactical, skill-based immersion. Guns feel real, movement is handled like a dream, and the radio chatter element rocks.A couple notes:- Take your time in the shooting range with different guns. Far too often I'd wait in lobby and launch into a match with a gun I've never used thinking I'd just ""figure it out"". I ended up switching to pistol instead.- If you have a friend to play with, join a shooting range lobby with them and mess around. This is a great way to learn the game and have a blast. You can even practice sniping at each other, knifing, or have a quick draw! If you have no friends, join a random range lobby and there is sure to be someone willing to show you the ropes ""in person"". The wait to get into a regular match is a bit draining, especially for your first day in as you will die quick and be forced to watch. This is why I recommend the shooting range for your first time in."
76561197985965744,Recommended,496240,25311709,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Captain_Grausam,"The best game I played on my Vive so far!Even though it's still in a quite rough state, it just blew my mind how good it is.Weapons are realistic but still easy to use, Locomotion works PERFECTLY.There are only 3 maps with day and night time, but I still enjoy it every day and waiting in the lobby was always worth it.Onward is a shining exsample that every FPS shooter can work wonderfull in VR. If you built up ur VR legs, running fast is fun, also jumping down from roofs or stairs.The situations you can have in this game are better then anything I experienced in ordernary FPS games."
76561198026569078,Recommended,496240,25311911,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mellow Mike,"I'm usually not a big review writer, but being a Vive owner I feel more obliged to give credit to good games. Onward is an AMAZING game. If you can look past the early access bugs and stutters this game is an easy 10/10 must have in my opinion. This is the first vive game i've spent a good couple of hours lost in the vr world. Communicating over radio, and being in intense fire fights make this the most immersive vive experience hands down. THe game may stutter and glitch here and there but it is easily looked past when you're actually out on the battle field. Anyone with a vive headset I cannot recrommend this game enough. Hurry up and buy it."
,Recommended,496240,25302742,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,HUNK,"I dont usually write reviews but wow , this game needed mine , I've never been so immersed into a game before like this , It reminds me alot of Socom but really just put into a VR first person setting. The community is great and very active and the game is incredible."
,Recommended,496240,25300314,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Vesper,"Everything in game is done with a real life action.  There is no HUD, and no point system in game.  There is a tablet you get out of your butt that you use for a map, and you can actually throw grenades/smokes by throwing your controllers across the room.  This game is an awesome simulator and possibly the best vive game out right now (big claim, I know)"
76561197970691695,Recommended,496240,25303390,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,sage23,"great game, been waiting for a mp fps for the vr... I think everyone is starting to get the idea that we all like multiplayer so we can interact with other vr players..."
,Recommended,496240,25303803,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,The Corner Wookie,Good game just made me feel a bit ill
76561198037277954,Recommended,496240,25297531,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ig83,"Amazing, 100% worth the price"
76561198020520807,Recommended,496240,25312282,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Pope of Gainz,It's a good thing when most of the reviews for a vr game have more than 1 hour of play time.
76561198135938697,Recommended,496240,25313838,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Private Joker,"I like the game, I did get some Vr sickness , hoping that goes away. Hope it gets updated frequently. Looks like its gonna kickass"
,Recommended,496240,25314213,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,samooja,Pioneering first person shooter in VR. The locomotion is great.Won't run on AMD cpu (same with other cpu heavy games). After I upgraded from FX8370 to Intel i7-6700k the game became very playable. GPU-side it's not heavy and gtx 970 is enough if you lower quality. The game will get optimization patches for sure and it might change things.
,Recommended,496240,25315697,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Reticulatas,Very good but buggy.  Definitely the first VR game I've played that I can see myself coming back to over and over.
,Recommended,496240,25314328,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Aypom,Best game for the HTC vive right now despite the bugs.
76561198017000624,Recommended,496240,25317329,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Harambe,"This game has many bugs but this is also the best game i have ever played on the vive.  I don't ever write reviews but this game defiantly derserves one.  If you have any hesitation, just tryi it and youll love it. Closest to realistic battlefield you'll probably ever get to, everyone who playes is very friendly and there just no have fun. seriously love this game!"
,Recommended,496240,25317263,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,TimeDiver997,"This game is still somewhat unpolished, but what they currently have is impressive.  This game is a VR multiplayer FPS military simulation game, similar to Arma, Squad or Insurgency.  Reloading, aiming and using items are all very intuitive, and combat is intense and very immersive.In addition to roomscale movement, the game uses the trackpad for artifical locomotion.  The trackpad motion did cause me to get a bit dizzy the first time I played it, but it all but disappeared the next few sessions, and now I can play it continuously without any problems.  That said, I was not very suceptible to VR sickness in the first place so experiences may vary.I can see great things in this game's future, and I'm looking forward to seeing how things progress!"
76561198000025966,Recommended,496240,25279092,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,bobgarrish,"Holy smokes, this is the future.  Everything about this game just nails it.  No motion sickness, the ability to really duck, lean around corners, go prone.  The different weapon sights and how they work.First off, I get motion sickness pretty easily.  Hover Junkers had me throwup ready in a couple minutes.  This game doesn't give me motion sickness at all.  It's a miracle, but they've absolutely nailed the locomotion.The game really is everything you'd hope Counterstrike in VR would be.  Everyone I played with was chilled out, and generally hilarious, so there's also a good community there.  It's hard to describe how good it feels to go prone on a floor in a game...and be prone on a floor...or to peek around a corner by leaning around it.  Or to hold your gun around a corner for suppressive fire.  Or to hold your gun vertically so they don't see your barrel poking around that corner.It's early access and there are occasional glitches (mainly people getting stuck in or under obstacles), but they're rare.  The pure amazingness of the experience, even in its current state, is worth multiples of the purchase price.  These devs can't be complimented too much, they're the ones that unlocked how to make an FPS work for -everyone- in VR with no motion sickness and everything you'd hope for from a VR shooter with full room tracking."
76561198025679422,Recommended,496240,25286037,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Brownie,"I think I've written 2-3 reviews but have hundreds of games on Steam.  Came on especially to write this one.  This game, for me at least, is what I got into VR for all those DK1 years ago.PROSThe sense of presence is fantastic and heightened by being able to move around as I want not teleporting.aiming round corners, ducking out of sight, shooting the guns feels very intuitive.  after all those years in FPS this is the culmination.Great community with lots of people talking, helping out new guys and generally enjoying the gameFirst Vive game (I own plenty) that that I feel drawn back to over and over.CONSThe vest UI can be a bit clumsy.... ... cant think of any moreCan't wait to see where this game goes but for now I shall be playing nothing else on the Vive.  If you like FPS you should get this game.  This is not hype.  This is a great game that will have you coming back over and over again.  And this is just the beginning."
76561197985215692,Recommended,496240,25319157,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,BuckshOt,This is the VR game I have been waiting for.  Excellent contoller support and the first game i have been able to use movement without teleportation and not feel dizzy.  This game has given me hope for the future of FPS's.  Only a few maps but I will be looking forward to future content.  Thanks Downpour for making a place in the Steam VR history and restoring my confidence in the next generation of shooters!!!!
76561197969746329,Recommended,496240,25482713,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Hudlort,"Tries shooting range for the first time, And everyone takes their own life within 5 minutes.11/10 Would try Suicide simulator again."
76561198025400202,Recommended,496240,25478312,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,EagleEye,Excellent game. Sets the bar high for fp vr shooters. No nausea at all with track pad movement. Would recommend to anyone with a vive.
,Recommended,496240,25307069,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,JCrags,"This is the best game I have ever played, no words.I bought a GTX 1080 just for the sake of this game. And it's worth it 100%Can't wait for more updates / maps. Great job Dante, and the rest of his team!"
76561197971639321,Recommended,496240,25346011,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Manarain,The first VR game that is not a tech demo in my opinion. Highly recommended even though only barebones at the moment.
76561198303335967,Recommended,496240,25348741,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Ryoa,By far the best game on Vive right now! A+ Big thank you to the Dev's this game is phenomenal!
,Recommended,496240,25352403,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,spudsta87,"The best comparison for me is ""Onward is like insergency in vr, with a bit of arma"". The stress builds with actual reloading, inventory on your vest, radio communication and the general battlefield atmosphere make this by far the best vr shooting game to date. If your team works together you will prevail. Communicate and help each other.This is the future of vr. Devs, take note. Stop with the glorified tech demos and make more quality team based games like Onward. Yes its buggy at times but this has so much potential its staggering. Onward devs, keep up the good work, and take this title to its full potential."
,Recommended,496240,25317949,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Shnarf Flarf,"- Match decides to play zombies- Map is Tanker- Zombie side only gets knives, smokes, no body armor, and night vision- Human team only gets pistols, no night vision, no body armor, and 2 syringes- On human side, sticking with team- All of a sudden smokes start surrounding us- We all are panicking- Teammate starts blindly firing at the smoke- He screams and I see him hit the ground- I kill the zombie that killed him- Zombies start emerging from all around- Team is dying one by one- I am the last alive and zombies are charging me- Aim to my head and kill myself11/10 would kill myself while be horded by zombies againIn all seriousness though, this the first vr game where I keep coming back to it, and I play it for long periods of time. It's basically insurgency vr. If you don't get motion sickness from vr movement, I highly suggest this."
76561197971767596,Recommended,496240,25339559,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,phatstaxmadmax,"Although this is probably the best game for the Vive right now, it's not without it's issues. However, most people will be happy to pay $25 for what is essentially counterstrike VR. Got a little sick with the locomotion at first, but actually was able to adapt which is weird because usually I have to get out of VR for my nausea to go away.Other than sickness, the bugs are the real problem with the game. Sooooo many bugs still. For example, my first death was from a floating gun. The character model of my enemy was completely invisible, but I could see the gun floating in the air shooting me. Also, don't even try the 12x scope. There seems to be no way to unzoom it and the scope really doesn't work much.One tip. Learn how to use your gear before you go out. It's not straight forward at all, but it is hyper-realistic. Gun reloading is exactly like you would do it in real life which is great. Definitely make sure you watch the youtube tutorial and practice user your gear and weapon in the shooting range.This review may seem negative, but its really not. The only way I wouldn't reccomend this is if you're super sensitive to vr sickness. However, you can get a refund within the first two hours if you can't tolerate it. Also, maybe if bugs really♥♥♥♥♥♥you off you might not like it, but then again why did you buy a Vive this early if that is the case?"
,Recommended,496240,25335917,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,FourForTwenty,"Exactly the game I've been waiting for, almost a little too intense at times!"
,Recommended,496240,25336318,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Criss,"This game absolutely blew me away. Not only is it one of the most immersive games I've played yet. It's the only game that I can play for 2-3 hours straight without taking the Vive off once. The gameplay doesn't get old, the graphics look pretty nice, and I have twice as many hours in this than any of my other Vive games to date."
76561197960823472,Recommended,496240,25336372,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ramz,"Onward really shows the potential of VR FPS, it features realistic mechanics for reloading, pulling sprints out of grenades etc., 15 minutes on the shooting range and the basics become second nature. Still in alpha, it's missing a couple of minor dials and knobs and there's an occational glitch but nothing game-breaking for me so far. Definitely recommended for fans of tactics-focused FPS who want to experience the first implementation on VR."
,Recommended,496240,25336576,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,JimBurrrr,best VR game ive played so far.
76561198078457883,Recommended,496240,25306769,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ricogs400,"Great milsim for VR.  I lost interest in traditional 2d FPS multiplayer shooters, but this brings back the fun of Ghost Recon, Rainbow Six, Arma, etc.  Even in its early state this is an immersive game."
,Recommended,496240,25725729,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,fenrif,"Blindingly good VR 4v4 military shooter.The way weapons handle, the map design, functionality of things like the map, etc. It's all great. Dev seems to be updating it too which is a good sign. Easily the best VR game I've played so far.Also it has non-teleporting movement, which makes it orders of magnitude more fun.If you have a headset then definatly get this."
,Recommended,496240,25905852,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Lunker,"This game will end up being a defining achievement for future FPS in VR.  Its ground breaking in many aspects.  When I first watched a live stream of it I wasn't even a little bit impressed.  Once I actually tried the game it was an ""OMG"" moment.  The immersion is amazing and developer is very active."
,Recommended,496240,25891860,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Beep beep MLGeep,"Its dissapointing this doesnt appear higher up on the top reviewed VR games. This is the best VR experience/full game I have played thus far. The locomotion is well thought out and doesnt induce sickness, the objective gameplay is perfectly suited to the game, the guns feel solid and you geniunely get immersed. Combine this with a friendly and quite hilarious at times community and you get a fantastic game that is still improving every day due to it being in early access.On top of all of this you then recall this is made by only ONE GUY.Please support this dev and this style of game, nothing comes close to it - Buy and experience"
,Recommended,496240,25892409,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,<deft>,Great potential
76561197979892211,Recommended,496240,25806021,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,JohnyK,"So far and by far the best VR game for me. If you like Insurgency, Arma, or Counter-Strike, this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥but with more realistic controls and also in VR. It has still some bugs, but there are always some updates with bug fixes and with new content released. This is the one thing I would recommend buying to myself :)"
,Recommended,496240,25848419,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Manana69,awesome game highly recommend. Locomotion is super smooth so you dont get sick at all
,Recommended,496240,25838142,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Jeppa,Best multiplayer game on vive so far! It is not flawless but still tons of fun!
,Recommended,496240,25848110,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,dantespara,Best FPS for the vive currently maybe even the best game for it. highly recommend this game. Thank you Dante.
76561197976465767,Recommended,496240,25869300,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,TheWalrus057,"This game has a lot to offer. It reminds me of the time when counterstrike was an unofficial half life mod. Support this developer so he can get real funding and help with his projects. Very immersive, well done, positional audio adds something special to the mix. I highly recommend this title."
,Recommended,496240,25835976,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,MinDBlanKSCO,"Apart from the movement throwing me from what I've been used to while using the vive, I'm still getting myself tangled up, I can see i'll get better at manouvering around in time without being as tied up.The game could really benefit from more people playing and buying, Dev has great ideas and has implemented more as it has progressed. Intuitive inventory (a big gripe with other games i feel) and solid aiming/scope execution.I can see this being a really good game and sets a nice precedence for future games as The Gallery has and did for me at launch.Movement I feel could be improved for myself with a turn function instead of strafe. But that's just me atm.Well done, great game!"
,Recommended,496240,26238306,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Buckethead,"Hands down my favorite VR experience to date, having to know how to load, and charge every gun is amazing, It made me feel like a noob the first time I used a p 90!Hope to see this continue to grow!"
76561197971813114,Recommended,496240,26266209,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ZIRAL,Fantastic game.  Great fun and well put together.
,Recommended,496240,26148356,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Gear,"After now having about 9 hours of gameplay experience I feel I can say something about Onward.First off this game is an amazing vr experience. The emmersion is quite complete thanks to the way you are allowed to use the controllers for virtually everything your hands would do. aiming guns, throwing grenades and reloading have to happen exactly as you expect them in the real world to work.As you may have read in other reviews, the movement is partially done by the left thumppad, in addition you have your normal room scale movement ofcourse. It was surprissing to me how quickly I got used to the thumbpac movement. At first I wobled around a bit but after one or two matches I didn't even notice anymore.Most fun about this game is the fact that it's a multiplayer ofcourse. The best complement I can give is that besides the VR this game just plays very well. Furthermore the Dev is very active. Can you even believe this is one person doing all the work!?Anyway this game is my favourite VR experience sofar."
,Recommended,496240,26137053,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,-=☞Gopher☜=-,Polished for an early access. The occasional glitch does not ruin the fun
76561198332330234,Recommended,496240,26124862,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Bobby Pellitt,So dope
,Recommended,496240,26166429,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Shane,"Awesome, Great potentional but a great game as of now."
,Recommended,496240,26167939,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ATechnoTurtle,"One of my favorite Vive games so far, and one I strongly recommend. This is a solid VR multiplayer shooter. I'm especially impressed with the variety of weapons / items and how intuitive they are to use (after a quick tutorial).Reminds me of Battlefield, or Squad, in a good way. It's slow paced and strategic. Mic'ing up is recommended. You can only take a few shots so be thoughtful of you and your teams positions.Graphics are excellent and the interpolated arm / body animations are smooth. Nice touches of detail with particle effects where bullets strike and warp when you fire a weapon.Social experience has been positive so far. Online players have been friendly and explained the game."
,Recommended,496240,25875594,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Aydin,"Don't use the sniper during your first few hours. Just, don't.I refunded the game because of it, without really giving the other guns a shot.Ended up buying it again a few days later and I am glad I did.Great community, intense firefights and quite funny at times!Minor negatives:- Sometimes my legs go funny, especially when going up the stairs but other than that, the movement has been fine. The first two hours were bizarre but the next time I played it, I was fine. Stairs are still odd though.- Scopes are difficult to use. Forget sniping at long range, you need a really steady hand to pull it off. Only got mid range and close range kills with it.- Changing to grenade and knife are sometimes difficult to find. I gotta get used to their positions.- Some bugs where your head clips into the terrain making it a black screen and one building has noclip so you can walk through it.- Difficult to tell enemy from friend at times."
76561198061068562,Recommended,496240,25916787,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Peebis,Absolutely amazing game.future of VR
76561198000376034,Recommended,496240,25912706,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,billybooby,this game is awsome best vr
,Recommended,496240,25418634,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Ramsey313,"hands down one of the best games and most fun game i have ever got the chance to play/experience. to be so early on in its life cycle and the potential this game has it can only go up! i have no interest in other fps games at this moment because Onward as spoiled me, if i cant play in VR and experience it that way i dont want to even try it now lol. congrats Dante, you are a pioneer in the gaming world@ *cheers* to your continued success!see you guys/gals on the battlefield!"
76561198103098133,Recommended,496240,25423450,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,BlastedB1800,"Okay so Main military and strategy with coordination , oh by the goofy ghost I have the biggest smile on my face because of this game, bought it for a friend , and bought it for myself and tested it out cause I wanted to get a first look and happily I don't even regret it. Worth the $50 I paid for for two copies.Dante you sir are a genius for this game and I hope to see this game sky rocket in awesome gamer areas. I don't get motion sickness at all and the game is amazing for what it is right now. Well done and please keep it coming. Biggest goof of my own doing in understanding reload moments, pistols I got down, but the rifles are gonna take some time with. Love this game for the price I paid . AWESOME JOB. :D"
76561198049375216,Recommended,496240,25422271,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,[GWJ] Warriorpoet897,"A fantastic and immersive experience with some of the most tense moments of emergent gameplay I've experienced in VR. Rewards tactical play and extensive teamwork and communication. An experience like this could only be in VR. If you have a Vive, buy this now. If you don't, buy a Vive to play this."
76561198319923255,Recommended,496240,25420323,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Casper,Onward is by far the most fun you can have in VR right now. It is in Alpha and full of bugs but still fun. It plays a lot like the original Socom on PS1. I've put hours into this game and barely minutes into any other so far. Buy it!
76561198048933604,Recommended,496240,25420387,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Seppe-Sai,Just a quick recommendation. If you have a Vive and like ARMA or CS:GO you'll probably dig this. The develpoer does a good job stating what this game is and where he want's it to go. He also updates often and fixes bugs as quickly as possible. I'm very happy with where this game is headed.
76561197982700041,Recommended,496240,25422653,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Naoko,"Lifetime gamer with nearly 600 games in my library right now...  I feel safe to say that my time in Onward is the most fun I've had in any game, ever."
76561197967255296,Recommended,496240,25398190,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,jimbodia,Awsome game
76561198065925441,Recommended,496240,25413665,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Norsworthy,"This game is amazing. Finally having a game where real life shooting skills is an advantage is just the best. This is ""the"" Vr Multiplayer game. Hover Junkers gave me motion sickness, but the movement in this game is perfect. No motion sickness and intuitive control."
,Recommended,496240,25415405,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Garderoben™,"Okay, this game right here, this is what VR is about.More games sould implement this it works really well and me and my friends dosent get sick.This is sitll in early development but damn, this is truly the first VR game for me that i can jump in every day after work and play some."
76561198145203381,Recommended,496240,25393982,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,WARPILOT,its amazing Vr game and highly recomended.
76561197987110874,Recommended,496240,25376550,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,-.GraD.-,This is absolutely best game for HTC Vive so far. Even on this alpha stage this game makes HTC Vive worth of buying!
,Recommended,496240,25391225,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Solid Snake,"This game has a pretty steep learning curve, it's glitchy, the controls are not easily mastered, but I love it. It is the best shooter on the Vive so far. It had my adrenaline pumping multiple times, and I spent quite a while immersed in the game. There were many lobbies to join, and many players playing. I can't wait for stability updates and bug fixes, because this is set to be the best game on the Vive. Within a few months, if the developer pushes up those updates (and gets a bigger team) we'll all be in for a treat."
,Recommended,496240,25391462,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,ShindenNSR,This has got to be the greatest thing I've ever experienced on vr. I refunded hover junkers for this and I'm so glad I did! AHHHHHHHH ITS SO AMAZING I CANT WRITE WORDS THAT WILL DO THIS SIM JUSTICE! Also most everybody that plays this is very nice and hilarious to kill with.
76561198323130256,Recommended,496240,25457960,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,timeoutdontshoot,I have been playing video games for roughly 30 years....This is what i've been waiting for!!!!!I literally bought Vive for this game and I am upset I didn't do it sooner. Just started playing today and the only reason I'm not playing now is the controlers had to recharge.For early access from a small dev. this games makes a lot of the VR games out there look laughable. I can't wait to see how far this game goes. Amazing!
76561198059737781,Recommended,496240,28877925,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,pootflute,"I originally wrote a negative review on the Rift, but after coming back to it a few months later, that review is no longer fair. This is playable and enjoyable on the Rift."
,Recommended,496240,25463934,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Toast,This game is the next step in FPS. This game takes tactical shooters to the next level. Granted the game has bugs because of it being early access and the small dev team but the small game is great and is only going to get better over time. If you are debating on getting this game there is no question it is a game to have in your libary.
,Recommended,496240,25521000,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Fetty AWP,amazing.
76561198022155208,Recommended,496240,25521115,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Soul firez,Trully the best first person game you can play in VR to date.... Consider the fact this epic game is made by a single person using unity personal edition is amazing. Big studios take note what a creative passionate person can achieve with VR (its not perfect there is a few bugs currently).Support this game and this dev and i hope a big studio picks him up and hands him a team to develop these realistic amazing experiences/games...
,Recommended,496240,25520045,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,SoundFX,Very good. Steep learning curve but rewarding. Can't wait for the full release.
,Recommended,496240,25516747,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ducks,"Best game in VR currently, and it is only in early alpha.  It feels incredibly real.  Tac-Sim simulator.  You have to work as a team, communication is critical.  Load your weapon, charge the round, squint down the crosshairs, and SHOOT!  Good stuff."
,Recommended,496240,25280743,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,breakfastmuffin,"This game takes warfare to a completley new level. If battlefield, Arma, and counterstrike had a baby this game would be it. I have never just outright loved a game to such an extent, because its already an awesome game as early access it will only get better. The guns look and act amazing, the sounds are incredible, and the use of a radio for chat over distance is realism at its best.Game Chat: 10/10Player Mechanics: 9/10Weapons: 10/10Community: 10/10The only advice I can offer is be careful with motion sickness. This game uses the trackpad for moving, no teleporting, some people have a really hard time with movement like this! Otherwise look forwarding to skinning your knees from diving to the ground when getting shot!"
,Recommended,496240,25280764,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Evileyes,"I never review games, I just have to express as others have said, this game is a FPS dream. IF YOU OWN A VIVE its a ""must have""  I hope the Devs keep up the good work, they are really on to something with this!!!!"
,Recommended,496240,25280862,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,topkek,"From what I gather is a one-man dev team, this is absolutely fantastic even in it's current state. Considering the limited options currently available for the Vive, this is by far my favorite. Keep up the good work!Also, I shot at a bench in the middle of a road because it looked like a moose from a distance. Not sure why I expected any woodland fauna to be present but 10/10 would shoot moosebench again"
76561197985370393,Recommended,496240,25280879,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,smf204,"This is the game I've been waiting for.  BUY IT, BUY IT NOW.I've been burned by early access before (more times than I care to count), but today I hit pay dirt.  TOTALLY WORTH IT in it's current state.  It works reasonably well (only had one time where it bugged out loading a match).  The gun mechanics feel amazing.  Having to reload in the middle of a firefight by ejecting your magazine, reaching around to find your next mag, fitting it into your gun then releasing the slide - all while under fire - is phenomenal.  The aiming at medium/long range is HARD, and when I finally lined up a shot and saw the guy drop like a sack of potatoes it was super rewarding.  Also, the sniping is spot on.  Having to pull the bolt up, back, forward, down then line up your next shot really makes it so that one shot HAS to count.The movement is slow but smooth, which I can see being important to keep those with weaker stomachs interested.  The pacing of the rounds ranges from intense all out clash to a 10 minute long stealth hide-and-seek game.  This is the type of strategic, realistic shooter that I've wanted out of VR, and finally it is here."
,Recommended,496240,25278210,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,1R8Klr,"Onward is my absolute favourite game for the Vive to date. It is the one and only game that has kept me glued to my Vive. When I first got my Vive I was basically glued to it, but there hasn't been another game that has kept me playing one specific game exclusively like this one. Alot of people say when they got their Vives they were  never going back to normal monitor games. I, on the otherhand still loved to play ARMA3 and RainbowSix Siege. Although now since this game has come out I don't know if there is enough time in the day to play anything else lol. I would call it a Must Buy! for anyone who enjoys Milsim games and owns a vive.GENERALI find Onward compares pretty closely to a game like Insurgency, but with slightly slower pacing.Some people think the game is so slow its boring, but that is only the case if you don't know how to play or you are playing with other that don't get it too. The maps are decently big which provides space to make manouvers, but you are always attacling a specific point in the map. As long as the players in the game understand that, you get great action packed matches. There are a few bugs that have caused me to have to restart the game on occasion. This circumstance is very rare though, about 1 in 10 games at the most for me. It however has not taken away from my enjoyment of this title one bit. It is one of the most intense and exciting MilSim games I have ever had the chance to play. Teamwork is key, and Onward has provided some of the best teamplay I have seen in a game. When your moving around a corner either whispering or using hand signals as to not alert an enemy because you know he is very close it's just great. Other great moments come from spotting someone at a great distance and stepping back behind cover to radio and make sure it's not a friendly.MECHANICSI am also very impressed with the amount of guns, attachments, grenades and the other things available in the loadouts. The weapon mechanics are also great, akin to H3VR if you've played it. Using these realistic weapon mechanics in an intense firefight makes all the difference. The mechanics of the game make it a truly skill and teamwork based game that is exciting to play. It you don't master your weapon mechanics and radio usage you are going to have a hell of a time in this game.COMMUNITYSo far at this early stage of the game I have found nothing but awesome people to play with. Everyone is talking and communicating to get things done. Those that don't know what they are doing yet have all showed a willingness to learn and hear people out. Overally its the best experience I have had with people in the vive and I hope it keeps on heading in the same direction."
,Recommended,496240,25280916,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ma Lee Vog,Best Htc vive game released by far.Thank you for this. The future is bright.This is the first vr game i can spend my whole day playing and still come back for more the next day.While i wait for vrmmo games to come. this is pretty much the best experience any vive owner will get.ADD me up and let's play :)
,Recommended,496240,25255402,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Skalhen,"Excellent game. It really shows the potential of VR FPS. i especially like the bit smaller map named ""tanker"", quicker matches and more close combat. Most maps are so far really vast and there is alot of waiting to suddenly die from one shot. every kill feels like an accomplishment. it really feels like you are there, this is by far the most immersive game on the vive."
76561198150138703,Recommended,496240,25256590,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,FI_lthrn_1958,Best VR game so far!
76561198006257067,Recommended,496240,25254025,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,imTactics,One of the best Vive games I have played to date. It will probably be the best one I've played for years to come as well. Can't recommend this game enough.
76561197970505738,Recommended,496240,25254070,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Zudrick,Awesome gamer overall. At times the movement can make me feel some waht sick when going up or down stiar cases but so far that s about it and i find my self more senitive to motion sickness then others.
,Recommended,496240,25254554,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,PROlapsed Ninja,"Hell yes, for a first release it's pretty feature complete, the immersion is overwhelming!Felt no motion sickness what-so-ever and I just want to play more, but first I've got to eat.What it needs now is some bug fixes, more maps and weapons, better lobby browser that tells you if the game is running or in lobby setting up.By far my best VR-experience yet."
76561197972754165,Recommended,496240,25256040,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,The Earl of Squirrel,"This is the definitive military team-based experience in VR right now. The immersion is incredible.Pros:Weapons - the models and mechanics are wonderfulMaps - well thought out and balancedImmersion - the weapons, chest rig, and communication all come together in a way that is hard to describe; you'll be ducking behind virtual cover when the bullets come flyingMovement - though I nearly fell on my♥♥♥♥♥the first time I moved in game, I got used to it pretty quicklyCons:Nothing to do in the lobby after you die.UI is fairly wonky.Conclusion:Buy it! I doubt you will regret it."
,Recommended,496240,25256129,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,"dev, 🌴",Most have
76561198158226751,Recommended,496240,25256196,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,DmTooL™,Oh my god this is awesome.
,Recommended,496240,25277344,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Relec_TFX,This is the game we've all been waiting for.
76561198002024484,Recommended,496240,25326313,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,wizkid,"Wow. I heard the hype and wasn't expecting it to be this good. It's far from finished currently tly but it's already one of, if not the, best games in VR. Hopefully it will only get better and more polished. Currently controls are a bit tough to pick up and the menus aren't intuitive."
,Recommended,496240,25673350,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,ModMan,"This is the game that I got a Vive for. This is the game that I'd imagine most people got a Vive for. It's the shooter that you imagined playing on it when you tore it out of the box and I simply cannot recommend it enough. If you have a Vive, you need to get Onward. It's the fully featured game the system needs at a price point that compares very well with the dozens of overpriced tech demos, toys and 10 minute experiences. Get Onward. Tell everybody you know with a Vive to get Onward. Tell anybody you know that is thinking about getting a Vive to get a Vive and get Onward. With a little polish and publicity this will most certainly be the killer app of VR gaming."
,Recommended,496240,25697419,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Doktor Stev,"Finally a game where I'm not shooting lazer guns at aliens or robots. I have never felt accomplishment for doing well in a video game like I do in Onward, where actual marksmanship and coordination matters. As I write this, I'd say it's absolutely worth the price even being in early access. Knifing someone in an online game never felt this frighteningly real.EDIT* Plus, since every vive comes with a microphone, people actually talk to each other strategically, which I don't see in many games anymore."
,Recommended,496240,25700964,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,MONKEH,"Excellent. Although movement is done on the controller, the combination fo controller and room scale movement fixes the nausea issue with controller only movement. Easy to find a multiplayer game - longest wait was a couple of minutes."
76561198042340941,Recommended,496240,25707539,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Meat,"Incredibly fun game.If you've ever enjoyed any hardcore/realistic/one-shot-kill kind of game mode this is the game for you. Gear mechanics are the best available.Mic is on your shoulder. Side arm is on your hip. Grenade is on your chest. Gameplay is highly tense and team size (4v4) is just right for the map sizes.Supersampling is a huge plus: fine details like your front site can be hard to pick out if you don't instinctively aim.Best, most realistic military FPS bar none."
76561198051031496,Recommended,496240,25707667,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,GLOCK,Where do I start! This is the most addictive FPS on the market.  Nothing matches the immersion of this game engine.  I am running the Vive on min specs on an AMD 8350.  I have just ordered a 6700k with a 1080 to play this game with the guarantee of no lag.  I'm a tac gamer who loves Arma and DCS etc.  I'm an Ex-Soldier and really appreciate realistic sims.  If you get a talkative team the experience is as real as it gets! Try pairs fire and movement and room clearance!  The game is early stage and already its show casing what VR is about!The only improvement I can see is maybe more weapon selection and to refine walking and running speed! Apart from that it's a masterpiece already!  Buy it now that it's cheap as I believe that it will cost twice the current price when the consumer version is fully released!
76561198017424817,Recommended,496240,25705896,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Ghost,"This is by far my favorite VR game so far!! It's proving that standard locomotion can be done in VR without causing motion sickness!! It may not be perfect ""YET"" but it's great fun even with the odd glitch and I am so excited to watch this game mature over the coming months!!  600 plus VR gamers are not wrong!! It's got such a great review history for a reason... BUY THIS GAME NOW!  You will not regret it!!  Enough jabber,  it's cutting into my Onward gametime!"
76561198091530204,Recommended,496240,25788940,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BubblesArAwesome,"Great game! Amazing gameplay, communication and teamwork. but i want this game to be everything it can, and im so glad its early access. So here is some constructive critisism/suggestions:1. Please make the targets in the range brighter or white, i cant see if im hitting or not and cant see my ironsights and just end up shooting the tower.2. New weapons, vehicles, maps and gadgets. this is a full game in its self, but for people to keep coming back, its a tried and true fact that constantly FREE updates are really good at getting people coming back and maintaining that amazing player base.Thank you so much and i hope you listen.a loving costomer,Bubbles."
,Recommended,496240,25815145,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Daxxos,"This is the first game that has come to VR that I keep returning to. Outstanding in so many ways I don't have time to list them all. Dante your a rock star, keep it up."
,Recommended,496240,25815594,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,PuttlerSWE,Best game for the vive right now.
,Recommended,496240,25824457,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,JorgenRe,Really happy with the game even at its current state. Can't wait for what the future has to hold for this game!
,Recommended,496240,25667678,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,SadPenguin,Immersive and a hell of a lot of fun to play. A better simulator than ARMA
,Recommended,496240,25828524,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Adam,I gotta say this game makes me excited for the future of VR Shooters. Is it rough around the edges? Of course. It's still in very early access. But the amount of things this game gets right about Mil-Sim Shooting makes it worth the purchase. Not a match goes by where my hands aren't sweating. There was a match where my hand's where shaking from pressure knowing I was the only person still alive on my team and everyone can see what I'm doing.I'd highly suggest going through the shooting range and making sure you know how to operate every weapon as I my self have been caught with my pants down as enemy was closing in and I didnt know how to properly operate a weapons system. Being prior U.S. Army some systems came easy than others but theres still a slight learning curve. I think if you find a solid group of people to play with this is for sure the best that the HTC Vive has to offer as far as shooters.
76561198050508732,Recommended,496240,25455865,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Lord_Valor,"This game is in its early stages yet is still fun. As far as improvment:- Allow us to zoom in and out on the tablet map using the touchpad- Put a Cartesian coordinate system so teammates can give clear instructions regarding locations- Require each team to have one kind of uniform, like most professional militaries have, for better identification of freind or foe.I had a blast, and with the right team you will too."
,Recommended,496240,25446507,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Pharah,Best VR title on the market! Intense Tatical FPS VR action! 10/10!
,Recommended,496240,25569051,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ajacstern,"This is a great VR game, though I would like support for shorter people. A few glitches and crashes, but it is still a good game."
76561198123959014,Recommended,496240,25505198,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,SubZeroEffort,"I was very apprehensive about buying this game despite the great reviews. I'm not fast on the trigger anymore, and I just want to have some fun in my free time. Seriously buy this game. Spend a few nights praticing on the range, then friend me and let's have some fun. The game mechanics are VR pioneering ,paired with group interaction. Trust my 30 years of game experience and pick this up."
76561198049004458,Recommended,496240,25539231,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,PVT_PILE,"Hands down the best fps for vr atm. If you are even thinking about buying, scroll back up and hit the ""Add to cart"" button. You will not regret it."
76561198059047400,Recommended,496240,25536061,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Pumpaction_Pez,"Playing this game, I was immediately reminded of my time spent playing Rainbow Six with my friends via lan cable. I cannot rave enough about this game. I love it. It has so much potential, but what is already there keeps me coming back night after night. There really are so many positives that outweigh any negative bug I have currently found, and I have found a few. Does that mean that it is riddled with them? No. But they do pop up occassionaly and most are insignificant; However, some are game breaking for the round. Like the Black bug. Reset the next round and everything is fine. I love the locomotion, I have yet to get sick. That being said, I see around 6% of people do succumb to it, so this is something to be aware of. My final piece of advice is buy this game, try it out, and you may find that the 93% it is currently rated at is well founded."
76561198041010381,Recommended,496240,25540713,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Whisper Kicker,"This game has the perfect combination of realistic feeling locomotion, audio communications (both short and long distance) and realistic weapons interaction as to be complicated enough to feel real yet not so cumbersome as to be a hastle.I really have to applaud the dev for not trying to implement some teleport trick of the week and going with good feeling artificial locomotion.I recommend anyone and everyuone to try this."
,Recommended,496240,25536890,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,OWNORDISOWN,"Onward is an enjoyable team based military shooter game. It has good movement mechanics and good communication between team mates. I also like the spectating capabilities too.I tested it on my laptop which has a GTX 980m in it and it is playable, although a little jerky.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSMSYSgLe6o"
76561197975053184,Recommended,496240,25415217,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Cabbage,Most fun I've had in VR. Yes you should get it.
,Recommended,496240,25433831,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,casey_speaks,Awsome Game can't get enough!!
,Recommended,496240,25546368,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MarkP,"If you own a vive, this is a must have. This game is probably the best vr experience made to this date. I have played several hours non stop, and it's still not getting old."
,Recommended,496240,25468888,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,PapaChef,"This game is good, everything looks and feels nice. But the thing that really makes this game work is the teamplay.Let me tell you a short story.I was on the city map. One of our teammates was essentially a squad leader to us. He had a sniper rifle and was deadly with it, and would direct us to victory through voice comms. All 4 of us were running up a dune near an airplane wing, and were about to peak over the top. He was the furthest in line, and just as he peaked the top and began to give us a commanding order, he was shredded by an enemy with an LMG. He dropped dead and his body rolled a few feet down the other side of the dune. I had a flashbang, syringe and dead colonel.I knew what I had to doI tossed the flashbang into the air, blinding everyone alive. I ran down the hill with a syringe and poked it into sarge. He ressurected and I pulled out a glock and sprayed it at the enemies, walking in front of sarge and blocking bullets for him long enough for his retreat. I of course was mowed down by the same LMG that took sarge. We won the round and I immediately took off my headset so I could pull the cork on the pool of sweat that built up in the vive.10/10."
,Recommended,496240,25454876,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,mp4x,"If you like First Person Shooters and have VR just get this game.  It works, and people are having a blast.  Very few reports of motion sickness compared to other games, the movement works well.I don't really have a review to give, I'm just posting this because it's a neat game and fills the FPS void so I want to encourage others to play/buy it.  Also, to support the developers - well done."
,Recommended,496240,25461110,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,a50lbDong (Wa2),This game is one of the only vr games that has me coming back everyday trying to learn more and get better. It still has stuff to iron out but since its multiplayer the replay value is very high and so far most of the mechanics are very well implemented. I highly reccomend this title if you like shooters.
76561197966674003,Recommended,496240,25714964,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Mr.Dukes,"Wow guys.  What a great game!1)  If you have never done VR please do not judge the graphics from youtube video's and watching a monitor.  In VR, the graphics are amazing, something special and nearly impossible to explain unless you've put on a VR headset.2) Sound, strong sounds, you can hear everything, guy snuck up on me the other day and said ""Hey Mother F'er""  i turned around and had a pistol in his hand pointed at my head... i got scared pretty bad, dropped to a knee swung my rifle in his direction and we head shot killed each other!  Long story short, we laughed it up in the lobby and it's a game moment that will stay with me for the duration of my life :D LOLOLOLL!!!!!!3) Scary and intense, as a former infantrymen in the army, this game is out-standing and beyond immersive, like i mentioned prior, nearly impossible to explain if you haven't tried the VIVE yet.4) You move with the Dpad on the controller, its a little bit strange at first, but after oh i dunno a night of playing i had a pretty good hand of things.  This game rewards you for knowing how weapons work,  watching some of these guys on youtube i cringe, i'll be posting my own video soon and you'll see how to properly handle these weapons :D5)  If you have a VIVE and are even slightly interested in FPS games this is a must own.6)  Props to the Developer of this game, from what i've heard it's one guy!!! and he's 19!!! he improves the game every week or two, and i'm having a hard time understanding the whole situation... very impressed!  This game single handedly made me realize that this is the future of gaming."
,Recommended,496240,25698623,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Stigern,"This game is the beginning of FPS games for VR like CS 1.6 was for PC! Yes, it is some times laggy and got issues, but hey! It is early acess and it works pretty damn good to be so early on!Recommend this game big time!"
76561198074193067,Recommended,496240,25696043,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,w i l l i s,This game is great. Really enjoying the community.
,Recommended,496240,25691506,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Goodman,"Absolutely amazing!Not played more than a few hours now but can see this game is going places and it gives a appreciation for how vulnerable real world infantry must feel too! :)I'm hoping this will change but people don't tend to communicate much at the moment (probably out of fear of saying something stupid but I hope that changes soon as it's hard to win at all if not part of a team. I can't wait to meet the ""right 3"" other people in game so we can start communicating more. It's a lot more fun and less ""lonely"" and far less frustrating when you loose as a proper ""effective"" team! ;)One thing I would love to see though, is an easy access way to change the pitch/vertical relationship between your real-world controller and the in game hand/gun.The reason being is if I try for a quick instinctive ""aim and shoot"" I'm always shooting too high. I know that with practice that would correct itself mentally but I can't help but feel that we should be able to change the angle to suit how we not only hold the controller but also how we have gotten use to shooting in other VR games.Apart from that. Really excited to see where this goes and have my fingers crossed that 8 a side teams will be a thing soon too! Let the ""fog of war"" roll in! ;)"
76561198182367346,Recommended,496240,25374688,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,pantherSTYLE,"Although obviously still early access it already has sufficient content and the gameplay is rock solid, this game is AWESOME! Be prepared for a few minor glitches and bugs but nothing dramatic, it's already pretty polished.Sadly there is no push to talk (yet?!), the mic is always open. So if you have your Vive in a common room this is a bit of a pain."
76561198047529041,Recommended,496240,25373392,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,koroshiya,"I wanted to wait until I got a chance to really play the game before writing a review. All I can say about it is.. ""WOW!!"" This is like the game I've always wanted to play. It comes to life in VR and it's so much more immersive than the old style flat screen PC FPS games. Something about the experience of being in the middle of a firefight, trying to grab your radio to call in enemy target locations and backup while reloading your weapon, all while under duress with all the bullets whizzing by your head... just amazing, words simply cannot accurately describe the fun and excitement."
,Recommended,496240,25369357,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,[minreq]slevink1988,"An excellent game even with limited content. The voice chat and team work make it feel as though your allies have been playing with you for years. There is challenge in finding the appropriate points to cover, or overtake, or control. The most fun I have had on the VR yet."
76561198041387074,Recommended,496240,25581423,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Bagel+Shamrock,"A lot of fun, nice community atm. The streamers get a bit on edge but everyone else has been very happy face. Memory leak atm too, but you need to play an hour and a half straight to get it to have some very minor issues."
76561198126951316,Recommended,496240,25582432,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,bernardallen209,First review ever. I have to give this guy mad props for what he's doing with this game. Stop thinking about it buy this game!
76561198026701956,Recommended,496240,26120278,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Like_A_Bossk,I always have a great time in this game. The guns and teamwork feel great. I can't wait to see what Dante and his small team do with this game! I have 20hrs in-game and it is still my go-to game
76561197974383805,Recommended,496240,25956336,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,hankor,Simply amazing! While it's still Early Access Onward already offers tense and immersive matches. Frequent and extensive updates make this the best VR experience right now.
,Recommended,496240,26463456,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,kill_dano,"Steady updates, bug fixes and feature addition. Already 2 great new maps have been added. The dev have a lot of involvement with the community and knows how to make a great VR experience."
76561198045238681,Recommended,496240,26477622,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Dr. Freeman,"Onward 9/10 - would receive a perfect 10 but it's got some bugs to iron out. The game is what I like to call an advanced VR game. It is however extremely rewarding to learn.  Absolute blast to be apart of the community and the game in general.Locomotion - the very first time I moved I felt weird, but after my brain got used to it, it is now an incredible feeling and I hope, HOPE, valve takes notice of the feedback on this and incorporates it into Half-Life 3 or left for Dead 3.Last thoughts - it's early access but worth every penny. Take your time and allow yourself the learning curve. You will not be dissapointed!"
76561198045992515,Recommended,496240,26467344,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,RepresentTexas,"Bought game, let teenage son play first.Spent the next 3 hours watching him dab, dance, walk like a t-rex, literally tbag, jump, yell, scream, laugh non stop, hug, high five, do the Carolton, drop to the ground, blind fire behind something, drop his ammo and panick trying to pick it up, crawl for 10 feet to revive a teamate only to lose his teamate and throw his hands in the air while on his knees screaming NoOoOoOoo followed by wild shooting into the air, etc etc etc etc.I thought wow what a dork.Then it was my turn. Spent the next 3 hours doing all of the same exact things.This game IS the future of multiplayer shooters. 10/10"
76561197969233640,Recommended,496240,26480924,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Tisalia,"Problebly the best game I ever played.This has taken over my ArmA 2/ 3 addiction. so real, Quick and relatively easy to learn.Quick Rounds, makes it very enjoyable.only downside is that I keep stepping on My headphones cable and pulling them out of the USB port"
76561198040534259,Recommended,496240,26474177,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,CRaShCoUrSe316,"My whole team is dead...All i head was some gun fire and then silence. I tried to reach Abdullah on the radio....no response. I could only assume at this point that my entire unit has been wiped out and I am the lone survivor...Suddenly I Heard enemy off in the distance....""we got three down the last one is in the building ahead""....I start to panic...""should I run to the building farther away"".....no wait the Radar unit is just down the hill out the window I can't leave it unguarded. I tell myself to remain calm as I am crawling to avoid being seen through windows....I hear them closer now.. just outside the building talking about how they were going to rush in after throwing in a grenade....I suddenly hear ""OK"" directly outside the window I'm laying next to....I Peaked out the window slowly and met eye contact with eyes that were filled with terror as he was not prepared and had an electronic device out. He tried to pull his main weapon but I ducked down and fired my sidearm blindly out the window. I hear screaming...I shot him and hes still alive yelling for help from ""Jimmy"". Jimmy is yelling I'll be right there. I grab my grenade of my belt and pull the pin. I wait a few seconds and carefully roll it off the ledge of the window. ""Oh god no!"" I hear as my grenade explode and in the distance ""JIMMMYYY NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!"". I could only assume jimmy had gotten to his friend and was attempting to patch him up. ""YOUU MOOTHER FU************R! YOU KILLED JIMMY YOU SON OF A B*****...AHHHHHH!!!! I hear the screaming comeing closer fast now. I draw my weapon and prepare for the assault....but it never came...silence....just as before when my team was wiped out...I move to the entrance of my building. I Peek out the door pieing the corners I don't see anyone...I wait a bit longer and decide I need to check the objective. I dropped my mag and reloaded as I forgot if I have fired any rounds earlier and knew I would not be able to reload if I had two guys waiting for me. As I prepare to leave I decide I'm going to turn left and then check right and head for the objective. If I check the wrong side first I'm as good as dead... I prepare to run out and stand up. I catch my breath and run...I turn left and not even a foot from myself hes standing there his gun pointed down as he was moving up. we both swing our guns up and fire.....I see the light dimming around me but am I ok? am I dead?....no wait, his body is on the ground hes not moving.....but I need to keep moving. I feel pain in my body and can barely move. I grab the shot of adrenaline off my belt and hit myself with it. The pain fades and I feel like I can run through a brick wall. Then I remember...The radar! I make a 180 turn and sprint as fast as I can...I see it....He's there... the last of them. Hes frantically trying to enter the code to disable our radar. Do I  have 10 seconds before he finishes or do I have one second....I panic and take aim. My hands and arms are shaking with the adrenaline I used to keep myself moving. I wasn't equipped with a scope this mission. god I wish I had a scope....My iron sights are so unsteady but I can't wait there's no time. I aim at his head... I breath in, hold and Squeeze......10/10 would subject myself to getting PTSD again."
76561198015438129,Recommended,496240,26471446,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,The Wrecker,"Amazing game best for VR. Regular updates,  new maps and optimisations etc. Would totally recommend."
76561197992217915,Recommended,496240,26443053,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,toekneec,Awesome game
76561198042381005,Recommended,496240,26410701,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,MellowDrain,it's good.
,Recommended,496240,26296322,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Fluffinator,"This game hurts me while I play with the artifical locomotion but it's worth, very fun tactical shooter!"
76561197970413755,Recommended,496240,26415452,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Blake,"This needs refining, but what they've acheived is incredibly fun, and immersive for a proto-vive/fps game. It certainly needs some polish. I really enjoyed this. Took a good 30 mins for me to figure out the basics of handling the guns and whatnot. But geez, once you do! It's a blast lolA peek of what's to come in the future with vr tech."
,Recommended,496240,26029854,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,TONY MONTANA,8/10fine tunin of game mechanic  needed.Great VR FPS experience!!!
76561198031827535,Recommended,496240,26027074,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,xander63,One of the best games for the Vive
,Recommended,496240,26023477,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Demonman101,"stupid fun. best part, only like 2% of the community are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. everyone is generally pretty cool."
76561198323331715,Recommended,496240,26044595,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Nolomite,"Been playing this game for about a month now, and so far still my favorite, and I've bought everything that's been slightly interesting.  This game is like the golden eye of VR right now.  It has the most replayability of any game and is by far the game I play most.  VR is a new territory, it can use some improvements for sure, but overall it's the one game that makes me happy I own a Vive."
76561197968406208,Recommended,496240,26048970,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Heavy Metal,"One hell of a good time, even if at times it definitely feels like early access. The idea of what more can be added to the game is exciting enough.Once you understand the controls, and how to use your weapons and other tools, the game gets really addictive. The community, like many I've seen in VR titles has been very helpful, and nothing tops the feeling of playing with at least one other who watches your back. Being tactical and putting together good plans on the fly always feels excellent.Basically, if you like multiplayer shooters, you can't go wrong here. As time goes on, I can only hope for more content to further flesh it out."
76561198312606544,Recommended,496240,25967482,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,CHAES,"this game is the the vr game yet, a must buy,please increase the players yo atleast 6v6 and if possibe a 4player co op wit bots"
76561198149525968,Recommended,496240,25983414,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,AirPerrone,I don't review many games but Onward deserves one.  It is by far the best VR game out.  I was weary about the movement but honestly it's the best way to make a game work.  If you own a Vive this game is a must.  It's what you bought it for.
76561197983752725,Recommended,496240,26022649,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,KliX,"Pretty much the only competitive VR game out there, and its good!"
76561198042348150,Recommended,496240,26155637,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,IUNOI VR,"Dear devs, please add death match where u respawn after death ""WAR"" Is an awesome mode but the game needs more modes and 4 vs 4 is cool but more players would take this game to next level but one of best games on vive. A must buy for any call of duty or battlefield fans."
76561198264864953,Recommended,496240,26175806,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ajtepper,best game ever
,Recommended,496240,26007055,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,The8BitCanadian,"Onward is a 4v4 fps about counter terrorists (Marsoc) versus terrorists (Volk). The game plays like a hybrid between Insurgency and CSGO. Like Insurgency, you pick out a role (Automatic Rifleman, Rifleman, Specialist or Designated Marksman) then create a load out for said role with options for grenades, armor, bullet type, secondary primary, etc. When loading into the game you and your teammates are spawned into a large open map and depending on your team, told to protect or attack the objectives. Like Counter Strike, the game has multiple rounds, however you switch sides on the completion of each round and if you die, you don't respawn until the next round starts. Each round ends with either one team being completely killed off or one team completing the objective (typing a code into an IPad while you are on the objective). Rounds can be incredibly intense when ingaging in shootouts or sneaking past enemies and hearing their conversations (the game has both proximity and radio chat). Overall the game is amazing and a must have for any Vive owner looking for a good FPS/milsim."
76561198066799096,Recommended,496240,26105375,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,MooseOnTheLoose,"literally the best VR game available right now, 10/10"
,Recommended,496240,26091732,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Joe,"This game is one word AMAZING! No game I have played comes close to the sense of excitement and fun that Onward brings to the table. The player is rewarded when using tactical thinking and stratagy at upto the teamleader level. This game has justified my purchasing the HTC vive and really needs as much support as possible.To the DEV:Great job so far, with some more maps and weapons this will be my mainstay game for many months (Years?) to come."
76561198067562229,Recommended,496240,26082884,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Kushapus,this is the FUNNEST game ive ever played as you can tell by my play time but it needs to be updated more often
76561198083721521,Recommended,496240,25368616,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,GALIGA,"Yes it's buggy, but this game is THE GAME for VR and its only going to get better"
,Recommended,496240,25358876,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Super Kame,"Easily one of the most entertaining games on the Vive.  I'm normally not a big multiplayer-only fan, but man....  This game...Pros-Immersive.Tons of fun playing with others and socializing.Smooth gameplay.Easy to pick up, lots of cool things to keep you playing.Community is super helpful and not full of trolls.Graphics ain't bad at all.Cons-No in game tutorial or control menu, just look it up online or youtube.Reloading can be a little iffy sometimes, though always doable.You don't necessarily run faster with a knife.Verdict: Buy it no matter what the price is or if you like multiplayer only shooters, just buy it."
76561198213670741,Recommended,496240,25375658,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,jeakami,Best vr game yet! And I estimate 150+ people playing at any given time. It's the first complete game. Not a demo or too early access
76561198055207201,Recommended,496240,25283841,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Dingo Jones,Interesting game Well in its infancy but fun. Most initial bugs have been ironed out.
76561197999884624,Recommended,496240,26043225,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,McMuffin,"It's true what everyone says, this game is the most fun and engaging game on the market right now. I was told Raw Data was the best Vive game, but I disagree. Onward takes the cake IMO.Pros:- Amazing teamwork aspect and great community- The movement makes you feel more immersed in the world and is a great alternative to ""teleport everywhere""- Runs great, looks good, and controls are easy to learn in 1 or 2 gamesCons:- Occasional lobby glitch will require you to leave the lobby and join/create a new one (not a big deal imo)- Dropped frames here and there (but that is probably due in part to my weak CPU)- The movement, while I do like it, does cause me to feel like I am loseing my balance sometimesIf you enjoy teamwork and getting into some palm sweating action this game is one you should pick up. The community (usually 60-70 players online at any given time) is awesome. I've laughed more in this game than any other game (except maybe Rec Room!). I highly recommend this one!"
76561197965440889,Recommended,496240,25953775,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,murph,"This game is so satisfying for someone who likes team play shooters. I can't wait to see where it goes.If you like strategic shooters, instabuy!"
76561198082301919,Recommended,496240,25951385,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Deathcon1,"This is what I've been wating for. Best VR game I've had the pleasure of playing. This is basically Battlefield from EA, in its infancy. Imagine if Dante had a team of people behind him building this game. Thank you for taking the first steps!"
,Recommended,496240,25949766,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,X24MATT,Great vr game
76561198325099281,Recommended,496240,26255809,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DOCTORjohnMD,great game
,Recommended,496240,26621774,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Nocturnal_Nick,"This game is amazing! By no means is it ground breaking or a new idea, but it's just so well executed, and by such a small team (Dante you rock!) that It's easily my go-to VR game now.The small teams/servers (8 players) and simple objectives really make for a quick game to pick up and play a round or two of , and I'm yet to have a game where there's been any silent players! It all feels like I've just been dropped into an Airsoft tournament with all the right tech and 3 (or 7 I suppose) other players that want to work together to win.The motion controls (walking/running etc) are the only drawback, but they are a necessary evil (Artifiial motion in VR can make some feel ill) as any other form of movement (teleportation/on-the-spot running etc) would cause complications in other areas.In sum, get the game! Do it!"
76561197967849203,Recommended,496240,26620094,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ShockwaveGT,"The game is awesome, if you've played Insurgency or America's Army then you know what you can expect. Love it!!!"
,Recommended,496240,26727798,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Krystal,In this version of Arma you have to actually crouch! Also people seem less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ than usual!
,Recommended,496240,26704589,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,The Lion,My favorite VR game to date.  Nothing holds up to how Onward makes me feel.  The online to this game makes me coming back every day.  I also enjoy the community alot.
,Recommended,496240,26692143,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Curs0,"best fps game ever played on vive!brilliant movement handling, realistic gunplay, soo tactical!keep improving it, I'm glad glad to support :)"
76561198036101870,Recommended,496240,26697178,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,THE_DARKNESS16,Best VR Multiplayer game out there.
76561197960913595,Recommended,496240,26609743,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,RoadRunner,simply Awesome!
76561198082364431,Recommended,496240,26642213,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,The - Gaming - Chespin,"This game has given me 2 of my GREATEST VR moments...1: I walk into a room with 3 enemys with their backs turned,*Aims and pulls trigger**CLICK*""Oh ****""*Enemys turn arround**I get obliterated*2: I'm being pinned down from a guy in the next room,*Pulls out grenade**Pulls pin**Throws grenade**Grenade bounses off door frame back into my face*""OH COME ON!!!""*KABOOM*"
,Recommended,496240,28380780,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Gomer Pyle,"I've played a good portion of Vice titles out there and can firmly say that the vive excels at 3 platforms. 1: RPG games like legend of luca and other titles, 2: FPS Games like H3VR and Onward. 3: flight/driving sin etc.I've clocked the most hours in my flight sim, but that's expected. This game is the only game without teleporting that doesn't instantly make me see my lat 4 meals of the day. The chat system is nice (shoulder mounted radio for team comms) the gunplay is crisp and responsive, the reloads aren't nearly as detailed as they are in H3VR, bUT that's not this games selling feature. Let's talk about the community currently playing. The players I've come across range from young teens trying it with their familes to actual combat vets with nothing better to do that drink and shoot. Team kills are a constant worry, communication is key. Think of onward as if Arma, CoD, Battlefield, and Insurgency all had a mass orgy and one of them wound up birthing onward. So what are you waiting for?! Get in here and gear up. It's Def one of the best vive experiences I've seen to date."
,Recommended,496240,28383061,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,DemoMan0351,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!
,Recommended,496240,28312979,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Abe&&&&,This is good.
76561198022264953,Recommended,496240,28327467,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,lIIIIIIIlIIIBARCODEIlIIIlIIIIIII,A great tactical game!
76561198007750123,Recommended,496240,28241975,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dweetybyrd,"Fantastic first step in 1st person Mil-sims. Loads of fun, hope they add more and more. Would love a bit of persistance and perhaps leaderboards/rankings.This game needs to be in your library..."
,Recommended,496240,28213900,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Toph MaGoph,"This is by far the funnest, most immersive game I have played yet.  I've clocked 51 hours so far in this game, and it'll probably be at a hundred by the end of the year."
76561197970508289,Recommended,496240,28217437,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Haggler87,"This gives me hope for a AAA Arma 3 type of game in VR someday. It's a really fun game, the controls take a bit of getting used to sp Definitely check out a tutorial video on youtube first thing. It only takes about 10 minutes to do that and you are good to go! This is extremely immersive. If you always imagined something like Arma in VR this is a close as you are going ot get!"
76561198158928157,Recommended,496240,28222634,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Randyx007,Very great game. What VR needs more of!
76561198041144866,Recommended,496240,25257500,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,DirtyMike,I would give this 4/5 stars only because the movement made me sick af.  This is the type of game I've been waiting for in VR.
76561198319982023,Recommended,496240,28195845,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,satolas,"So immersive, so amazing, just like airsoft :-DAnd all that made by one dude !Now the team is growing and I thing this game is going to be the best FPS VR game on HTC vive / occulus Rift of 2017 and behond :-)"
76561198090413018,Recommended,496240,28261319,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,TOPGUN,"I want so bad to love this game. It was so much fun untill I started to move.... Holy smokes I could only go for like 30 minutes until I just about threw up. If you can handle the locomotion then this game is a must. Otherwise, you might want to try it out somehow before buying."
,Recommended,496240,28261425,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,RedCovert,"This game is still in development but it is already my favorite game on the Vive. A lot of people are trying to make ""shooters"" but this one just gets it right. The movement and game mechanics all feel perfect for this style of game play. The developer is responsive and is always adding new content/patches. Great Job!!"
,Recommended,496240,28263314,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Your Mom,The only game in VR that keeps me coming back! It's is a breath of fresh air in a world of casual-pampering COD games; this game is for the die-hard players who don't want compromise on realism for some cheesy cinematics.
76561198017125492,Recommended,496240,26111644,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,haykeye13,"Wow. Great VR game and a blast to play. Very in depth shooter. It's been said before, and it's true. This is currently the best VR game on Steam."
,Recommended,496240,28702730,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Berserker,"TLDR: Arma for VR.Onward is a fantastic realistic military simulation VR experience with accurate reload mechanics that vary for each specific weapon.  The controls are intuitive from squeezing the vive handles to hold or grab or raising your hand to your sholder to tap your radio and speak to distant team members.  This is seriously one that I know I will be dishing out hours into (when I can) to hopefully get better and better along with finding more repeat squadmates.Motion sicknes:if you are prone to it be wary of this one, you use the pads to move and double tap a direction to sprint, I handle it fine with the ocasional weird feeling here and there.  A nifty trick I use is tapping instead of holding movement, this effect feels more like a teleport and gives my eyes/mind a break of I feel a little iffy from a long sprint."
76561197976009007,Recommended,496240,28663255,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Brainslug,"If you like FPS games, get it!Is it Early Access and buggy? Yes, but it's ok. You sometimes have to rejoin or restart and read some Tipps on performance when you have a weaker PC (I'm playing with a GTX970 - and it runs fine - after I spent a few minutes searching for Tipps on performance). Has it a steep learning curve? No, not really. You have to rethink some of the stuff that you ""learned"" in conventional FPS games, but anybody who played Counterstrike should feel at home after 3-4 rounds. Will I throw up? Probably. I felt some slight motion sickness at the beginning. My Tipp: Start on the shooting range. Get used to movement and controlls. I did that for 10-30 Minutes and then had a pause. Now, I have no problems with motion sickness. Will I be TKed and screamed at by teenagers? No. Not one (intentional!) TK so far and very few annoying people. In fact the community is by far the nicest I met in a long time. If you have questions, ASK - nobody will mock you! They will help you! Incredible! I have a Rift, can I play with two sensors? Yes. I do that as well. And it's working really nicely with the 360 experimental Setup. I ordered a third sensor anyway, but it works fine with just two.So: You really should get it! It's by far the most intense game I ever played. I break out in sweat every time I play, my heart is pounding like crazy when I'm in a firefight, It feels really physical, not from the ""workout"" (there is little, actually, you just turn and crouch) but by the impression of a real threat. Hard to explain. :) I have to take a break every hour or so (and change my T-Shirt...) Maybe ask your Doctor if you are out of shape or have a heart condition (I mean it!)So, I see you on the Battlefield!"
76561198147935759,Recommended,496240,29217195,Posted: 12 January,all,KushBerries,"Best game in vr imo. Can't wait to see what the future holds for us , thnx Dante"
,Recommended,496240,28297486,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Papa Alpha,Fantastic VR shooter. Never before has a game made my heart race like this. Somewhat difficult when you first play but give it some time and you will figure it out. Great community too.
76561198073378946,Recommended,496240,28345404,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,clamchoda,Still ... the best game on the Vive.
,Recommended,496240,28352610,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Jaeyen,"This game is phenominal. Amazing. Feels greats, a bit buggy but expcted. Really enjoying it. I wish I had friends with VR to play it. My biggest concern right now is that I'm 5'4"". Shortest setting is 5'6"". Which creates a problem where I cannot run and am kinda crouching every I believe. But in due time to my understanding. Till then.. still a solid game... WHOOO!!!"
76561197991923787,Recommended,496240,25298605,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Steeldoor38,"FINALLY THE GAME I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR!!! As real as it gets! For those of us who have always been waiting for a realistic FPS this is it and it's in VR.Absolutely amazing! No motion sickness and no teleporting. The movement is very smooth and actually lets you cut corners slowly or quickly. I love how realistc the game is, each piece of equipment was very carefully designed to spec. Each firearm was uniquely designed to mimic its real life mechanics. The way you actually have to aim the gun and hold it with two hands was done perfectly. If it wasn't for not feeling the recoil, I almost felt like I was at the range.The chest rig was excellent idea, you are actually equiped with your equipment on you no scrolling through menus.This game you can actually use real life tactics and must rely on team work.I look forward to seeing how this game developes in the future, but as of right now I am extremely impressed. I would like to thank the Creator of this game and my hat is off to you my friend. This game is by far the BEST one out and I will be playing many hours of it!Absolutely AMAZING FPS that has every come out!!! For anyone who has ever wanted a video game to come alive this is it. COD and Battlefield on VR, but more realistic and accurate. They thought of everything when making this game and really make you feel like you are in combat. This game has very intense fire fights that will have you literally kneeling and laying on your floor. I will never forget trying to clear a small house and entering the doorway only to find an actual life size enemy trying to kill me (VERY INTENSE).Weapons: The weapons in this game are designed to spec and you have to operate them like you would in real life. (They are so realistic the only thing you are missing is the actual recoil in your hand).Equipment: To make the game  more realistic you actually wear a chest rig with all your ammo and equipment on your body, very cool!!! Your back up weapon is also attached to yor thigh or chest piece.Tactics and Communications: The game can be very tactical if you have right group of people or it can be just fun free for all. The use of communications in the game was great idea. You can speak normally like you would in real life and people around you can hear, even the enemy, or you can use your radio attach to your shoulder, in the game, to communicate long distances.Maps: Maps are a nice size and have a lot of detail. You can enter buidlings and use objects as cover. There are also night maps, which you utilize Night Vision.The limits are endless with this game and I look forward to how far this game will push the limit. Everything is realisitc and no one has an advantage over the other person like in COD or Battlefield. Probably one of the best games every created for FPS and it is designed very well."
,Recommended,496240,27909634,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CandyGunz,This game is why VR was made. Can't wait for larger games.
,Recommended,496240,27913842,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Doug Dimmadome,"Team Deathmatch & Deathmatch modes would make this game complete.Other than a couple bugs, some of them minor, some of them game breaking... Nothing a restart of the game can't fix usually.This game gets a solid 8/10 for me.1/10 for the bugs1/10 for no T/DM mode."
,Recommended,496240,27572799,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Oddity,"The game isn't without its faults; you'll run into your share of bugs at times.That said, it's still my most played game in VR.  There's continuous updates to improve the game, but already I can say this game was worth it and I can't wait to see what lies ahead.  It's one hell of an experience to play."
,Recommended,496240,27648899,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,My Lamb,"Only a few hours in but so far its amazing, Great fun and its only going to get better!"
76561197960277398,Recommended,496240,27904209,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sprak,"best vr shooter out there, it still has some problems with the netcode but have put alot of hours into this game and i really like it."
76561197972848811,Recommended,496240,25585593,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,gshort1,"First review ive ever written....the game is that good.WOW. like nothing els put away COD BF4 CounterStrike Arma. this looks and feels close to real. you need tactics, good communication, coms and most of all skill. You learn to be cool under preasure, nothing worst than clicking empty on your primary weapon and fummbling to dump and grab your SLP aim and oops dead again....a MUST try if you are into your war games.at the time of writting ive been in for 2 days and every one is really helpfull loads to learn and a feels like a real skill test.get on your gym kit for this it gets your heart rate up.""new maps and guns added. its getting better. 27/11/16"""
,Recommended,496240,27900060,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,QuantumAssassin,Incredible game and its far from finished. This is the CSGO/Call of duty of the future!
76561198011017511,Recommended,496240,27803729,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Loaderbot,"What happens when Arma 3 becomes a VR game (only more polished and with a lot less bugs) you get Onward. I have a bunch of VR games. None of them come close to the level of enjoyment I get from this game. This  community is great and helpful to noobs and it requires a great ammount of communication and skills to play it well. Or you could run and gun like in COD but that probably won't get you far. Eitherw ay buy it and try it out. Worst case scenario you can always refund it, but your not likely going to."
,Recommended,496240,27771392,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,hentai.,"I'm no more than two hours into the game currently. BUT! That's in one session. This game is fantastic. I've only stopped to wait for my animals to shut the f*** up so I don't annoy my mates in-game. So the informal, early review;Onward is a first person shooter in VR form, akin to Counter Strike or ARMA, as silly as that sounds. It's a mil-sim (Military Simulator, not to insult anyone's intelligence) and it doesn't really fail at that, however, it plays out more like a simplified version of R6 Siege. You are pitted with seven other players in a map that the eight of you vote over. The teams, as expected, are divided into two, 4 on each squad. In itself, none of this sounds special. However, with this overused method applied to the Vive, this makes this game the most appreciated purchase I have made on the Vive, contending with maybe Audioshield.You move about in your roomscale play area for the cover use and corridor maneuvering but the real movement takes place on the trackpad, being utilized as more of an analog stick. At first, I didn't like this method. It had been used in a horror game I tried a while back but it seemed cheap. Now, I'm thinking maybe it was the game and not the locomotion. In this game, this mode of walking seems intuitive and works out well enough, until we get our omnidirectional treadmills. (You'd better be working on it, HTC...or whoever else Valve commisions) This seems to simply be the best way to avoid that break in immersion as of right now, unless you're A Chair In A Room and you can get away with just being a set of finite areas.TL;DR this game is worth your money. Yes the pricetag is highish for a Vive game right now but to be fair, most games are tech demos, essentially, for the Vive. This game isn't that. It is in early access but so much has been done to it now that it no longer feels like it. I can't spout the usual ""It has potential...but..."" This game is just already worth it.Oh, and it has a playerbase unlike some games. If I'm not mistaken, Art Of Fight isn't being heavily played, anymore. Which is saddening."
,Recommended,496240,27791782,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,-Griff-,First review I ever wrote because this game is that good. Great community willing to help new players out. Still has a thriving player base and is standing the test of time which is hard for VR games. If you have a Vive you simply MUST have this game in your library.
76561197999890228,Recommended,496240,27821753,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Wuuzil#GER,"One of the best VR Titles for the Vive.But please include Team Deathmatch, Free for all or something else with respawn system.The game would be really better with that."
76561198064955686,Recommended,496240,27422383,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jackblades,The must-buy of the HTC VIVE at the moment
76561198059670127,Recommended,496240,27562198,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Choicecut,"If you like counter strike, GET THIS GAME. There is a small learning curve, but the time spent getting killed while learning is worth it. Unbelievable experience!!!"
,Recommended,496240,27566156,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,VoidWalker,"Absolutely FANTASTIC VR game.An absolute must have for any VR owner, hands down one of thee best VR games currently on the market.As soon as you start the game you're instantly immersed in the action, you feel like you're in a firefight with the enemy.With the actions of reloading, movement, the load outs and map design all being superb, despite being made by one person this game feels like a AAA title.I would not be surprised if one day we see ONWARD as a VR E-sports title.***BUY BUY BUY***"
76561198019967906,Recommended,496240,27860423,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Owls,This game made my VIVE worth it. Such a cool military shooter simulation. Fun and tactical.
,Recommended,496240,27858188,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,EntirelyTom,"Easily one of the best VR games you can get your hands on right now, the locomotion works great, some people might feel a bit queezy so it's not for beginners probably, but as someone that's played a fair bit of VR it doesn't bother me one bit. Recommended buy without a single doubt in my mind.Must have."
76561197970812502,Recommended,496240,30226694,Posted: 27 February,all,Solid,Realism-focused 4v4 shooter with a pretty great community. May seem intimidating at first but fun to play no matter your skill level.
,Recommended,496240,26032814,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,suicidal.banana,"So its already time to update my 2 weeks old review, at first it was negative based on the many issues the game still had with basic tracking, regardless of graphics. But with the latest update, this has now mostly been resolved, the game's tracking is perfect 99.5% of the time.When you do get this game, be aware that it still is early access and theres still plenty to improve, however i feel like i can recommend this game now that the tracking issues have been dealt with, not in the least because the controls & immersion in this game are something else, that any gamer that likes shooters needs to experience.Currentlly there are 4 maps, 2 desert themed, a container ship & a subway map (first 3 comming in day & night versions, subway sorta combines them) and the dev is adding more maps each few updates & will soon open up the game for community made maps.The game has quite a nice selection of weaponry already, and is still beeing expanded upon aswell (the dev just added a shield for instance, wich is cool) im not gonna list all the weapons since i dont have a clue about most of them, but at the least i can mention theres obviously the usual rifles like ak47 & m4a1(or something close to it) and for pistols things like a 1911 and a glock, thats just the ones i know tho, theres a bunch more pistols, rifles, shotguns, snipers, idk what they're all called, i just go for the ones i see in movies/tv :PWhat really makes the game is the combination of joypad walking and roomscale movement, you walk up to a corner with joypad walking, lean around and aim your weapon 'for real', you wanna crouch? you crouch in real life, prone? same thing. (joypad walking will take you 15-90minutes of getting used too, depending on your current 'vr legs')And then ofcourse theres the vest, you 'wear' your inventory, your rifle, pistol, magazines, knife, radio, grenades, syringes & tablet are all grabbed from/stored on a spot on your 'body' and its just the best thing ever, really helps with the immersion.Overal, the game is very fun, immersive & interesting to play, and deserves tons of kudo's for doing a decent translation of shooters from monitor to VR, theres nothing like it available at the moment, if you like shooters and have a Vive (or later down the line, 'similar roomscale vr'), get this game."
76561198073298546,Recommended,496240,25824669,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Error 404,a must play vr game for all love it
76561198108601005,Recommended,496240,31166815,Posted: 15 April,all,[Wolfeins] EdgeLord,"Amazingly fun game.I would recommend this to anyone who likes FPS games, as its probably on the level of difficulty as Insurgency,Another fun edition is the fact that most people who play this game, don't seem to rage, or call you out for being an idiot, and seem to try and help you get better any way they can.Keep in mind though, if your planning on purchasing this great game, you do need quite a beefy PC, Something like a GTX 1060 and an I7-6700k onward should do ( Hehe get it, I just made a lame pun XD ). Athough I'm running an I7-7700k so I'm not sure about the 6th gen cores, but they should run.PS : Use the (FAK U) LMG because that thing has 150 AP Bullets, that fire faster then a Tommy gun, least to say, anything infront of you will have more holes in it then a half-baked potato."
76561198107061242,Recommended,496240,31152757,Posted: 15 April,all,Dig,"This game is the future of FPS/ Sim/ VR. I love it and i am sh*t at it. Visually in some maps is amazing. Easy to learn how to fit out your kit and operate guns, nades etc. Great gameplay, a bit Laggy most likely due to servers being in US only. Early days so the future of this is going to be something to look forward to."
76561198249998932,Recommended,496240,30186233,Posted: 25 February,all,aidemwferg,I under the lowest height I spent my 25 bucks on this i want a refund I cant im too short but anyway its still a pretty good game
76561198194593450,Recommended,496240,31295776,Posted: 22 April,all,Quake,"Onward is by far the best multiplayer game for VR right now so go buy it.Devs - please make it available in the Oculus store ""Oculus Home"", as many Rift users have no idea it exists. The few that stumble onto it in Steam love it. That way Rift owners can play in native mode instead of OVR wrapper which adds bugs and slows us down.The game is being likened to CounterStrike type games but to compare the experience best I would say Airsoft or Paintball. Its less like any flat screen FPS, which is a good thing.Don't judge it by watching videos of the game, they won't convey how good this really is. Go by the reviews it is receiving."
76561198350614216,Recommended,496240,31282740,Posted: 21 April,all,shootmebitch!,"not a bad game graphics are not bad but the height is problem for people under 5,6 i got fun gameplay out of it"
76561197987078807,Recommended,496240,31307443,Posted: 22 April,all,Kali,+2
,Recommended,496240,31307350,Posted: 22 April,all,Tempest,"This is a blast to play. Motion sickness is not an issue, and the community seems mostly friendly. My new favorite VR game!  Definitely build yourself a poor man's rifle out of PVC. Makes the game so much more fun"
,Recommended,496240,31268604,Posted: 20 April,all,1Hunnit,"This game is by far THE BEST GAME I've ever played! It's incredibly realistic and very immersive. After you play this shooter in VR, you're not going to want to play any other shooters. I'd say it's pretty much like Insurgency when it comes to the realism and gun mechanics....but on steroids! What gets me though is that it's this good as an Early Access game. THEY'RE NOT EVEN DONE DEVELOPING IT!!! My gosh I can't imagine how much better this game can get once it's labeled as a finished product!"
,Recommended,496240,31249700,Posted: 19 April,all,LiPete,"Definatly a must have, the best muliplayer vr game atm in my opinion"
76561198046379623,Recommended,496240,31263246,Posted: 20 April,all,Pete Spankenstein,Love it!
,Recommended,496240,30317262,Posted: 4 March,all,Degenerate,"Hands down the most fun I've had a on game. Ever. This is exactly what I was looking for with VR. If you want a FPS game with VR immersion, this is it."
,Recommended,496240,28316885,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Tron-,"Onward is without a shadow of a doubt the premier VR milsim shooter. One of the best VR games available, despite being in an early stage of development. I cannot recommend this game enough.Challenging but extremely fun, Onward feels real enough to make your heart race. Every weapon feels extremely satisfying to fire and the gameplay mechanics - such as manual reloading - make the experience very immersive and engaging.This game stands against any AAA title currently available, and comes off feeling more enjoyable, more involved and overall just genuinely better. It does this despite being early access. It is my honest belief that the finished version of this game will become the foundation upon which future VR titles will be judged against. Seeing each update being released feels very much like seeing history being made.If I only ever got to play one game again for the rest of my life, I would want that game to be Onward. If you only buy one game for your VR headset, buy this one!"
76561197970598500,Recommended,496240,30339159,Posted: 5 March,all,Acidmonkey,"Hilarious gameplay, love everything about this game! :)"
76561198075861332,Recommended,496240,30330459,Posted: 4 March,all,airforceman12,"A friend recommended it for me with my shiny new HTC vive. For an early access game it plays extreamely well! There is depth in the control set up and guys with actual range time seemed to have a say in how it was designed. Its early, but this game is the most amazing early access game I have yet played.The nearest experience I can say is it reminds me of playing paintball again, except inside; and yelling at my wall for cover fire.10/10 would yell at wall again!"
76561197972474195,Recommended,496240,30347252,Posted: 5 March,all,Captain Saunders,"I thought Arizone Sunshine was beyond awesome..... until I played this.I imagine this is the high that drug addicts experience.The best VR experience there is (for me so far).It's just incredible.I'll never play another FPS 2d game again... ever.If you like FPS games, if you like war games... get this now.Get it now."
,Recommended,496240,28771506,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,a big fat unicorn,Had some issues reloading and with post game audio but doesn't seem to be an issue anymore. Decently good game. Wish you didn't have to wait till the match ends to respawn
,Recommended,496240,30270270,Posted: 1 March,all,JOHN CENA,"Great game, some issues, but frequent fixes. Great mechanics,weapons, and everything."
76561197995348509,Recommended,496240,28935837,Posted: 2 January,all,JT,"Hands down the best VR experience in my opinion in terms of; Realism, replayability, enjoyment, immersion, fun, competitiveness."
,Recommended,496240,28854540,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Yohanasburg,So Far out of the 30 VR games I have played.  This is the best one by Far.  So immersive.  I love the way you move in this.  It does not get you motion sick and feels very fluid.  YOu can use room scale as well and it can work very well in this game.  THe guns are close to reality and feel great holdling in your hands. YOu feel like you are there!  There is some lag here and there but over all My favorite VR Game.
,Recommended,496240,28814084,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,GreenChris90,"By far the best, most enjoyable experience in VR"
76561197963449508,Recommended,496240,28917124,Posted: 1 January,all,Phorensika,"I bought my vive home. I Plugged in and played the usual. all free games all others I wanted. I came back to look at this an thought..na, then i came back again and again and then i thought.. what the hell.This is the most fun I have had in ages. No Zoom, no crosshairs, a lot less ammo than I want an grenades that take out a whole squad, yours if you aim badly.There are no kids (up to now) There is nothing funnier than running out of ammo and then flipping the old one out, grabbing a new one from the belt, then slipping it in, letting go and realising it wasnt in. and then fumbling around to find it on the floor cos it was your last one. and then yu have to prime and finally grab the rail again. There is no ""Press R to reload"" there is reloading.Shooting is also hard, the guns all react differently. I chose the SAW for instance stood on the range for 5 minutes and still didnt manage to get it to shoot...The only thing that annoys me is I cant really see if I hit nything on the range. maybe I am missing something there, but I AM sure i am hitting 100% of my shots. ;)Buy this. Dump CS. This is the future. I am wondering when it will be the new Americas Army Engine. 12/10. off to find my magazine and try that SAW again.."
76561198067737543,Recommended,496240,28849659,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Momo Gaming,Probably my favorite VR game. The game is fun and really makes you feel like you are in the battles. My heart has raced when getting into some fights. Will take you a moment to get to movement in the game if you are new to VR thoghg. My friends tried this for the first time and almost fell over XD.
76561197973164831,Recommended,496240,28884158,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ham Sandwich,"This game is an amazing preview for things to come for VR shooters. Tactical, fun, and addicting. Get it before they run out of copies!"
76561198007469043,Recommended,496240,28919615,Posted: 1 January,all,derekcampanelli,What all VR games should be like.
76561198139568800,Recommended,496240,28919750,Posted: 1 January,all,jmmustang,"Amazing start, can't wait to see where this goes!"
,Recommended,496240,28923795,Posted: 1 January,all,BattleSnacks,"This is easily the best multiplayer VR game on the market right now. The controls are extrememly natural feeling and the gameplay is very fun. The community is super friendly as well. Right now I'd rate this an 8.5/10 as the game itself is great, but there are still a few bugs here and there and the visuals on some maps are a little rough. If you are looking for a multiplayer tactical fps VR game, look no further this game is absolutely the best."
76561198106272044,Recommended,496240,28848501,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kenny Omega,"Amazing Game!, 9/10.Reasons:-At The Begining This Can Cause A Little Motion Sickness- Tracking isint 100% AccurateOtherwise This Game Is Amazing and Worth 20-25 Dollas."
,Recommended,496240,28813811,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Matras,"I really like that game but I constantly get motionsick, any way to get around that?Edit:After some more hours playing I no more feel any motionsickness. If you have some extrem need to vomit, its part of the boot camp :DBut it's worth it!"
,Recommended,496240,28840786,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MrTechit,"This game is probably the best game for VR right now, First person, VR Shooter. I run this game on a 970, 8gb ram and a i5 6400 at 2.7ghz. That is basically minimum spec, and i play with very few problems. There are known issues, but the Dev is active and talks to us all pretty much every day. This is a mil sim, cod like game, (much better than cod) Get it, spread the word. Upward and ONWARD!"
76561198047102890,Recommended,496240,28847776,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ClassicWafflez,Best VR game out there
76561198032416995,Recommended,496240,28860093,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,awareunlikeu,Worth the purchase of the Vive alone! Nuff said
76561198095887753,Recommended,496240,28858280,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,FitNerdPilot,"This is an initial review as I haven't played much yet. I will update as I spend more time. Bottom line up front: This is awesome and has a lot of potential to be great. This feels like where everyone expects VR to go in the future. First person shooters are one of the most popular genres in gaming and most people want that experience in VR. This delivers that in the early stages of VR. If you can get this on sale, it is definitely worth the money. Even at its list price, it is a great buy.This is NOT recommended for non-gamers who are trying VR for the first time."
76561197961529373,Recommended,496240,28861545,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,FarHope,"My favorite FPS and VR game, by far! haven't touched GS:GO ever since....."
,Recommended,496240,28915705,Posted: 1 January,all,ash,"Amazing game for fans of FPS, military sims and real life airsoft/paintball.  The real-life accuracy of reloading your weapon, using side-arms, etc without cutting corners and assigning actions to single button presses makes the game that much more immersive, fun and challenging.  Of course, the game is still in its early stages.  It's not perfect by any means, but Onward is a prime example of the future of first person shooters, and now that the developer will be working with Valve, I think we can expect great things from this title as it becomes more refined and complete."
76561198043331458,Recommended,496240,29120627,Posted: 8 January,all,Mark,"I very rarely write reviews, but this game has just blown me away. I actually thought the graphics would be awful based on the Store page, but they're actually very polished and high resolution. The gameplay is fantastic, and really gives you a huge sense of immersion when you play. The community is so terribly friendly, yes you do get the occasional jerk who has no patience for newbies (and the lack of a real tutorial or single player campaign really doesn't help), but once you get the basics of how to reload and check the objective you'll be hooked.It takes about 30 minutes to really get into the swing of it, so I had actually put it down after playing the shooting range and being overwhelmed by how complicated it was to just reload, but when I picked it up again I had more fun with the game than any other in my library. I wholeheartedly recommend it."
76561198019022758,Recommended,496240,29136219,Posted: 8 January,all,=Alpha Sierra=,Brilliant  ! great job Devs. With frequent updates\optimisation this could be easily the best VR shooter out there ...
76561198272392231,Recommended,496240,29165946,Posted: 10 January,all,Legend 27,very cool\Fun game i cant wait for more updatesPS. I think that it will be really cool if you up the amount of players per team to 8.Thanks
76561198082608749,Recommended,496240,31942765,Posted: 24 May,all,Jacobhwrd,Great game!! When you consider this is early access and it was started by 1 guy (recently picked up more employees) its one of the most impressive games ive played on my Vive. Most people will get a little vertigo but it goes away very quickly after your brain has time to adjust. The guns are great but a small choice right now. The aiming is tricky but you can buy or build very simple addons to fix this. I have ordered mine but im still able to play and get kills without it. This game is a MUST BUY!!
,Recommended,496240,31989209,Posted: 26 May,all,Slushi,"Best Vr game in my opinion. Amazing concept.Few issues:Random Fps Drops (lasts for 10-20 seconds)TradingSome glitches (dont make that much of a difference)Other than that, I love it."
76561198088458678,Recommended,496240,31966984,Posted: 26 May,all,bloodmad,Very good game easily worth the $25.00.  But make sure to watch the tutorial first.
76561198030263790,Recommended,496240,32034057,Posted: 28 May,all,Kevynnam,"A few bugs here and there, needs a proper tutorial for sure but the YouTube video gets most of the point across. Lots of fun. Can't wait for more than 4v4!"
,Recommended,496240,32067324,Posted: 30 May,all,iucpxleps,quite good game and enjoyable. i like playing this. i wish there was a team or some kind of deathmatch mode.
,Recommended,496240,32054896,Posted: 29 May,all,HotShot,Easily the best competitive VR shooter on the market
76561198128590698,Recommended,496240,31149165,Posted: 14 April,all,Shadowblade,"This game is awesome, the community is great, and hilarous, the controls are easy and friendly to those who don't have a roomscale play area, it feels real and its very physical. Everyone talks tactical and as someone who enjoys the military it really makes me happy, however it isn't really that friendly to tall people, I'm 6'3 and I have to crouch to aim out some windows and taking cover is quite a chore but it adds to the whole experience. The enviorments are surprisingly well made and its just overall a really good game. It is a must buy fall all VR users who want a really good experience"
,Recommended,496240,32214411,Posted: 5 June,all,Tyler,"by and by this has been the most fun vr game, its got the deep gameplay to draw PEOPLE in. and when you have people in VR all doing something fun and engaging, good times are had. Its almost like playing a sport, but indoors all by yourself screaming and laughing and your family or roomies think your crazy. But you know your not. buy and buy. nao"
76561198247579948,Recommended,496240,28730974,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Major Boothroyd,"Wow wow what can I say this game is awesome the detail that has gone into the weapons, the little actions that need to be undertaken before even firing. I love the belt fed machine guns and I wrestled with manipulating the controls to do what Ive done in real life,when I've prepared this weapons and weapons like it for firing. The grenades are superb the dev has clearly done their research of this game. My only observation is will there be any AI missions coming out as Ive waiting an age for someone to either join my team or the opposition when I play COOP.  The fast air coming in the sound of the chinooks I cant wait to see this game when its complete, a work of art."
76561198345342980,Recommended,496240,28437845,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Virtual G,"The realism in Onward is unprecedented.  The accuracy, and control layout is perfect.  I like how it's little slower pace, because it makes it more immersive and real.  People are used to traditional FPS games on a flat screen.  You move fast, make quick turns, and the kill/death stats are high.  Onward is not Call of Duty.  Realism is the focus of this game, which you have to appreciate because it is VR, and it's what most of us want.  1:1 Realism is where it's at, and Onward does it so well.  Although not perfect, as anything with VR being so new to developers, it holds so much potentional for a first attempt.This game is already legendary in my book."
,Recommended,496240,28606321,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Excession,"Got a bit of motion sickness the first few times i played, but i got used to it after a while and now dont suffer.The game is good fun, and i love the depth of gun play involved."
76561197982898580,Recommended,496240,28239958,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Donky,"Really great game and it shows that normal locomotion is the best way to play a vr title, you just can't go back to teleport once you played this.I've tried it with Vive and Oculus and to be honest I like the Oculus touch for this one more, because they have analog sticks. I whish Valve would have put at least one analog stick on the Vive controller... :("
76561197993433664,Recommended,496240,28380728,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,The Lost GM,"My favorite first person shooter, hands down.  Great job with this."
76561198026151406,Recommended,496240,28226259,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,DruBaru,Excellent! A must buy for the VIVE. Def needs polishing and a Good solid update can feel clunky at times. But its fun. Really fun.
,Recommended,496240,28546579,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,jcollective,Awesome example of what a FPS shooter could look like in VR.
,Recommended,496240,29147493,Posted: 9 January,all,DeadWeightDylon,"Not only is this the best VR Military Sim, I would go as far as to say it is the best FPS around. I've played countless days of almost any FPS you can name. Onward utilizes team based strategy on a level I believe is unseen in any other game. Calling it a game is an injustice... Steep learning curve but after an hour you'll be having the time of your life! Give it a try!"
76561198150260040,Recommended,496240,29143819,Posted: 9 January,all,xCREEP1NGDEATH,"One of my favorite VR games. Makes me finally enjoy having my vive. It brings me back to the old days of the original Rainbow Six and Ghost Recon games. Expect to have to use two hands when holding your weapon for steady aim, using a map to identify where the objective is and keep in good communication with teammates.Would love to see more maps, maybe 5v5 and of course single player with bots would be amazing. Would also like to see using the grenade with one hand, maybe bring it to your mouth to pull the pin by swiping up on the touchpad (like bullets and more).Make sure your tracking is top notch before trying this game and be open to feedback from other players. Community seems very engaged and mature at this point. If you don't know how to do something, just ask!"
,Recommended,496240,29175454,Posted: 10 January,all,Booger,"First review I felt doing in my 12 years on Steam, here goes:Exactly what I dreamed of for a VR FPS; the realism so far is amazingly thoughtful and well done... I'm more stunned this came from a single, young developer.  Give Dante a team to work with who share his creativity and love for gaming, and this game will flesh out into more than we could hope for; not at all surprising to hear Valve picked him up to join the other amazing folks at their compound.From an interview I had read, Dante seems to have a emphasis on solo-play and was using multiplayer more as a testbed for features. I think this is amazing, though I believe he should not undermine the multiplayer he's set up so far.This is the future of competitive FPS play, I have no doubts.If you have just bought a Vive as I have, and you have a background in FPS, this is the game you should have in your library."
76561198041545923,Recommended,496240,28230098,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,MITCHMATCH,"I am blown away how amazing this game is. Seriously nothing bad to say, this game is literally the future of vr. The first game to incorporate free movement with the dpad while everyone else does teleportation, thank you so much for that! Everything in this game is impressive, the maps, weapons, weapons custimization, the list goes on and on. I am so glad i came across this game, onwards sets itself apart, and sets the bar really high. The dev is insanely impressive. Only thing is i have gotten really greedy and spoiled and now i want more content!"
,Recommended,496240,28836709,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,HOOPPAH,"this game is like when arma and VR meet  and have a love child.i first got my vive because i saw demos of this being played, only top realize it wasnt to be realeased for anohter 2 months. so i patiently waited for it  to come out, bought it the moment i could and it was by far my favorite game for the vive. its intense, hilariously fun, and the game that gets your heart beating out of your chesat, my only regret is i havent had any time to play it and my vive has just been collecting dust, but everytime i pick it up for another session, onward is always the game i go to."
76561197998164570,Recommended,496240,28824080,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cknight91,This game is absolutley amazing!  Get in on early access while it is still farily cheap.  Dante (the developer) was just offered to continue working on the game with Valve...so you only know it's going to get more amazing in the future.
,Recommended,496240,28797737,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Space Cat,Amazing game! needs a little work but overall one of the most stable and fun games on VR 10/10
,Recommended,496240,25838682,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Buxton,"As of 29 December 2016, this is one of the best vive game out right now. So much replayability with an overall nice community and an active dev. What more can you ask for?Send help, I smashed my lightbulb playing."
,Recommended,496240,28770873,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MilkyWayJoe,Amazing. Played the early access version and it's really fun. Can't wait until the release!!
,Recommended,496240,28768218,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Smokey The Bear,Squad in VR. This game is basicly the game Squad in VR. There are a lot of bug that dev needs to fix. But in all im having a blast playing it.
,Recommended,496240,27782655,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JiHAD_JoHNSoN,"The locomation is a bit jarring at first, but once you get used to it, its pretty good. The game is a little buggy but a hell of a lot of fun."
,Recommended,496240,28014457,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Brick,"Some of the best VR gameplay you'll find right now. Feels like an actual game, not a tech demo, albeit an early access beta of one."
,Recommended,496240,29995498,Posted: 17 February,all,ITz STEVEN Qc,The best game that I've ever played in my entire life.
,Recommended,496240,29994328,Posted: 17 February,all,[Draknor],"Best VR experience yet. please look up the developer and how he came to building such a great concept from the ground up. I normally shy away from such FPS games such as CS Source or Planet Side 2; however, I am both feet in this title. I love the community of gamers here, everyone is friendly. The action while procedural, feels and acts authentic. When I need to get down I can physically lay down on my floor and go prone (please make sure you have room). The sounds, the teamwork, and the down right amazing gameplay is far beyond what you're paying for Onward. Can not recommend it enough."
,Recommended,496240,29967665,Posted: 16 February,all,thefoolau,"Probably one of the best experiences i've had so far for vr gaming. As has been said, we all need to buy this game and support its development."
,Recommended,496240,30000630,Posted: 17 February,all,Cubiccube,"Great VR experience, intense as hell."
,Recommended,496240,29945297,Posted: 15 February,all,Sharky,This game is freaking awesome!
,Recommended,496240,29948151,Posted: 15 February,all,Kelmark,"Just as Halo was the killer app for the Xbox, Onward is the killer app of VR"
,Recommended,496240,29914653,Posted: 13 February,all,Sizzly Grizzly Sausages,Can now personally say this has almost replaced all fosters games for me. It's great and fun as heck. Can't wait for more maps and guns and game modes.  But as is. It's great. Can't beat it
,Recommended,496240,30085195,Posted: 21 February,all,spu,This is what FPS should be like! VR Arma!
76561198010614779,Recommended,496240,30087670,Posted: 21 February,all,sniperj1m,"this....game...... rules, this is what VR was made for."
76561198021455578,Recommended,496240,29930590,Posted: 14 February,all,AXExX420Xx,This is not just my favorite Vr game but one on my favorite games period. There is now way to fully describe this to anyone who has not played within moderd Vr how amazing this experiance is. The moment you get in a lobby with players that think/play outside the box is where pure magic comes to life.
76561197983105124,Recommended,496240,25347660,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Extremophile Elite,"This game is really fun, I have to recommend it, even in it's current state. It really is incredible to group up with a few people in VR and work together to win the game. There are a lot of problems, but ultimately it offers an experience in VR like no other. 6 minute rounds are the sweet spot, they used to be 12 minutes, big improvement for me. Constant updating with new maps, improved sound, new weapons and items, has kepy me coming back. This game really shows you what VR can do. I heard Valve is even helping Dante with the development now, so it's only going to get better.The good:-Seemingly good netcode, dedicated servers.-Looks great, sounds great, after patches, it runs great.-The maps that are there are good, and always being improved-Decent variety of items, nightvision, armor, flashbangs, frags, riot shield.-Very immersive, you'll feel like a soldier.-Deep mechanics for everything. and it's all so intuitive. Reloading, using your radio, turning on your night vision, it's all how you'd expect it to work. Some of it is a bit complicated so watch the tutorial before playing.The bad:-Odd bugs with your characters placement when going up stairs, ""jumping"" over walls, black screens etc.-Only 1 game mode, I would like a more action oriented game mode like team deathmatch etc, with respawns. Drop in drop out maybe?-A few new maps have been added but there still aren't that many.-What weapon you use is mostly unimportant, they seem to all have similar fire rate and bullet damage. I would expect a P90 to shoot way faster and have low kickback, but not have as much stopping power, but it shoots just like any other gun in the game.-I feel like at this point, everyone uses body armor (cannot be penetrated by FMJ) and AP bullets (you get fewer bullets but they penetrate body armor) completely negating both. Remove them both, it would be more fun, and allow us to use the other more fun items.8.8/10, this is the best multiplayer VR game out right now."
76561197969727570,Recommended,496240,29975174,Posted: 16 February,all,COWonCRACK,"This isnt Call of Duty. This is a slow paced tactical shooter, and it is amazing. My favorite game on the vive hands down."
76561198066495675,Recommended,496240,29943728,Posted: 15 February,all,battlefield3joy,"This game makes me forgot how to use keyboard and mouse for FPS.....Pro :+ Immersive!!!! Try it yourself and see if you can still stand using mouse and keyboard again for FPS+ Great community - full of laughter+ Game always on - there are always ppl playing the game. You won't be lonelyCon :+ Lacks of tutorial+ No single campaign - yet?Overall :This is a must buy game for VR owners, especially if you're a fans of FPS"
,Recommended,496240,29935046,Posted: 14 February,all,jd,"As real as it gets, its golden but still early and things that need work."
,Recommended,496240,30021689,Posted: 18 February,all,Psythik,"This is BY FAR the GREATEST video game I've ever played! Not just the greatest VR game, but the GREASTEST VIDEO GAME OF ALL TIME. I haven't had this much fun since my airsoft days. The amount of realism is INSANE, no other game comes close to providing the same heart-throbbing action you get in Onward. I regret not buying it sooner. Battlefield, CS:GO, CoD, and ArmA can all go to hell."
,Recommended,496240,31046375,Posted: 9 April,all,Oody,The best Multiplayer FPS VR game availableAnd the game keeps growing
76561198275966991,Recommended,496240,29129817,Posted: 8 January,all,kimthesax,"Fantasic, I play this every day"
76561198064047012,Recommended,496240,31048312,Posted: 9 April,all,TwoKenyanBabies,A bit of a learning curve but by far one of the best online multiplayer experiences since Halo 2.  Great Community since every has mics and incredibly immersive VR with realistic weapon sounds lead to some of the most terrifying combat ever in video games
76561197999021953,Recommended,496240,28206862,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Un Poisson Rouge,"This is probably the best game on Vive at the moment. The one thing that I wish they would add, however, is a shooting range or something to the room where dead people are. It's very boring waiting for upwards of 5 minutes in the 'dead room' so it would be nice if there was something to do there :D"
76561197969378430,Recommended,496240,29673018,Posted: 3 February,all,Scifictus,"This is the first VR game I've played that has really nailed the FPS openworld stucture. Locmotion is intuitive and not sickness-enducing, crouching or hiding for cover all works well, weapons etc work as you'd expect. Its a lot of fun and - once you get used to the level layouts - becomes very tactical very quickly.I hope the devs upgrade for more players as the maps would easily support 8 or 12 per side - and that would make for a more fun experience as the only downside is that you can walk around for a long time without seeing anyone and then the briefest of firefights and its over. In that regard its very much like counterstrike - so if you are expecting a shooting frenzy this is not it. That said, it can be very rewarding accordingly and even with 4 players on one side, commerardery (sp?) builds up quickly.The only real criticism I have is not really the game's fault. Any players more than a virtual 150 yards away are represented by so few pixels on your headset that you cannot always tell which side they are on - there are simply not enough pixels to allow your eyes to differentiate between dark khaki and black colours of the opposing clothes. This will improve with hardware resolution over time, but in the meantime maybe a 'garish' mode could be introduced where players were more brightly coloured (red/blue) to help a little until then (I appreciate this would give a tactical advantage so perhaps would have to be applied to everyone as an option for that game session).Overall a great game design and experience - devs of other FPSs should take note."
,Recommended,496240,29738756,Posted: 6 February,all,†‡JB‡†|DiabeticGuineaPigs,"By far the best VR experience out there for shooters.Whether you're invading a house to capture a hostage while your team mate shoves a gun in his mouth and screams ""I'LL DO IT!"" or you're cooking a 'nade before setting it tenderly on your adversarys window sill, you'll have a kick♥♥♥♥♥time."
76561198124292953,Recommended,496240,29700334,Posted: 4 February,all,GuyMan,"So far i have a good 2 hours in this game (probably the most i have in any vr game), because this is  one of the best experiences ever for me. I play alot of csgo, 6 seige, arma 3 exedera and this is a vr version of that with real people and surprizingly low que times. This game deserves to do well because it is so well made with mechanics i never though possible, overall i definatly reccomend this game for anyone who likes shooters and realistic shooters"
,Recommended,496240,30110863,Posted: 22 February,all,TacticalSheep[III%],good
,Recommended,496240,29871276,Posted: 12 February,all,lamichi,Best VR game out to date.  just practise and controls will come in time.
,Recommended,496240,29894834,Posted: 13 February,all,HiTMAN,really solid gun feel and environment.locomotion is not perfect however and will take some getting used to. I feel off balance with the current system
,Recommended,496240,29816112,Posted: 9 February,all,Atomic_OVR_dose,Most fun I've had in VR so far..
,Recommended,496240,29873388,Posted: 12 February,all,naka,best vr game
,Recommended,496240,29859829,Posted: 11 February,all,KifDawg,"THIS GAME IS T!TS ( . Y . )Check out my game play videos below, if you dont enjoy these then kys because this game is amazing and more.10/10 BEST VR title yet.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bttrr7opAdY&feature=youtu.beWHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? BUY IT!"
,Recommended,496240,29642925,Posted: 1 February,all,BUBBLES,"If you have a Vive/Rift, GET IT! I bought a vive today and this was the first I paid money for.  I was on the fence about if it was worth keeping or not until I played this game.  This made me decide to keep my vive!  It's amazing how fast you become immersed in it! Videos do not do it justice."
76561198153056921,Recommended,496240,29745441,Posted: 6 February,all,Fizzy,"awsome game , keep the good work up :D"
76561198038701678,Recommended,496240,29762023,Posted: 7 February,all,✠ Mїиcнїи ✠,Best VR game i have ever played! if you are thinking about buying this game but arent sure yet subscribe to my Twitchtv channelhttp://www.twitch.tv/jimmiminchinill be giving away a free copy of onward soon. (or game of similar value if already owned)10/10 will play again
,Recommended,496240,29772055,Posted: 7 February,all,CleverClover,This game is so good that i was getting flashbacks to Nam!10/10 +a warm hug
76561198059375701,Recommended,496240,29771446,Posted: 7 February,all,DoltishSucubus,Greatest VR game to date!!!
76561197990878725,Recommended,496240,29372049,Posted: 20 January,all,Big Sarge 4ID,A good start for 1st person VR
76561198123081373,Recommended,496240,29367617,Posted: 19 January,all,DJ,amazing game
,Recommended,496240,29384219,Posted: 20 January,all,ElectrikMedic,"Gameplay is fine with Oculus Touch IF YOU HAVE 3 or more sensorsIt's also playable with 2 sensors in ""front facing"" mode where you use the analog stick to turn around.  Using 2 sensors in an opposing corner 360 configuration does NOT work well for this game as your gun will like to skip around at times.Whilst Onward is fairly buggy at times, the gameplay and locomotion are fantastically done, particularly considering that this was made by a 1 man dev team.Player height issue SERIOUSLY need fixingA big game breaking issue (for some) is that all players under 5""6'/168cm are detected as crouched when they are standing.  I'm only able to properly play by setting the floor height below my actual floor height.  The dev needs to open the other half of the population (i.e. shorter men and women)."
,Recommended,496240,29413640,Posted: 21 January,all,ALbaiN,"How good is it ? Valve brought the dev into Valve, so it is basically a Valve game now."
76561197988120162,Recommended,496240,29411502,Posted: 21 January,all,Blairmeela,"Hands down they best game for the vive and just VR in general. Awesome community and awesome gameplay, can not wait for the future updates and to see where this game will end up going!!!  10/10"
76561198089885315,Recommended,496240,29344533,Posted: 18 January,all,Russyboy,this is an amazing game and a definite 10/10 my only complaint is that this minimum hight (5.6) is taller then me and some other people so when we play we cannot run and are always in crouch or prone. I think making the minimum hight 5.0 would be a welcome addition. besides that it is the best vr game ive played
76561198030195554,Recommended,496240,29345533,Posted: 18 January,all,TactusMortis,"Not bad, but a lot of work is left. Aiming is difficult, some times you see through the scope, sometimes you simply can't. Walking is a little nauseating. Lastly (I think this is just me) but reloading seems a little off. What I mean is sometimes I insert the new cartridge and I just keep hearing a clicking as if the round is not going in the chamber. I try to engage the bolt (if there is one) but that doesn't seem to load a round into the chamber...not sure what I'm missing. This doesn't seem to happen with pistols.If these things are addressed this has the potential to be a great game."
76561198041075583,Recommended,496240,26338027,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Nederlag,"The first game you realy can enjoy for a long time, but you will have to spend some time getting in to it.4 hours inn and im still first one to dieHigh skill curve, you will have to invest time to realy enjoy this one. But if you do it's very much worth it9/10"
,Recommended,496240,29297866,Posted: 16 January,all,BiggieSmalls,"Onward is an amazing game. The slow paced, tactical milsim gameplay builds up so much more tension and weight than comparable instant-respawn type games. The community is awesome, and the bi-weekly competitive tournaments have really fostered a large group of dedicated players to work to get better and up their game. Can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,496240,29305422,Posted: 16 January,all,Dicky,"Viggo Tarasov: It's not what you did, son, that angers me so. It's who you did it to.Iosef Tarasov: Who? That ♥♥♥♥ing nobody?Viggo Tarasov: That ""♥♥♥♥in' nobody""... is John Wick. He once was an associate of ours. They call him ""Baba Yaga.""Iosef Tarasov: The Boogeyman?Viggo Tarasov: Well John wasn't exactly the Boogeyman. He was the one you sent to kill the ♥♥♥♥ing Boogeyman.Iosef Tarasov: [stunned] Oh.Viggo Tarasov: John is a man of focus, commitment, sheer will... something you know very little about. I once saw him kill three men in a bar... with a pencil, with a ♥♥♥♥ing pencil. Then suddenly one day he asked to leave. It's over a woman, of course. So I made a deal with him. I gave him an impossible task. A job no one could have pulled off. The bodies he buried that day laid the foundation of what we are now. And then my son, a few days after his wife died, you steal his car and kill his ♥♥♥♥ing dog.Iosef Tarasov: Father, I can make this right.Viggo Tarasov: Oh? How do you plan that?Iosef Tarasov: By finishing what I started.Viggo Tarasov: [irritated, turning to Avi] What the... did he hear a ♥♥♥♥in' word I said?Iosef Tarasov: [in Russian] Dad, I can do this! Please!Viggo Tarasov: [pulls Iosef close, talks into his ear] Iosef, Iosef! Listen! Huh? John will come for you, and you will do nothing because you can do nothing, so get the ♥♥♥♥ out of my sight!"
,Recommended,496240,29148364,Posted: 9 January,all,GOD is a BLACK WOMAN,Absolutely amazing.
76561197977297658,Recommended,496240,29235539,Posted: 13 January,all,Edward Low,"I fell against the wall, thinking I was leaning on sand bags after i died lol."
76561198087872951,Recommended,496240,32304965,Posted: 9 June,all,UAE123456,"Overall it's worth it, Needs some polishing in terms of maps and players per match."
76561198044737779,Recommended,496240,32054921,Posted: 29 May,all,Broken Point,"It's fun! I would say though, some of the menu screens are fussy with what order you go in and it can leave you hanging. This game is an open beta so I understand there'll be some cracks.This review was previously a negative because of some n00b errors on my part.This game kicks a$$!"
,Recommended,496240,30627947,Posted: 19 March,all,Mr. Lightbulb,"Great game in every sense, however if you are running, even on low settings, on a minimum spec build it just is not worth it. It is completely unplayable on my build which does meet the minimum requirements. It is alright during the first round of a match, but as I keep playing the stuttering increases tremendously. edit:If a pc reaches the minimum requirements for a game, it should be able to run that game on a playable level at minimum settings. I would recommend the game to anyone who meets the recommended requirements. I will update this review as time progresses.Edit 1: Performance has made significant improvements, when I do get performance drops they don't last nearly as long, but just loong enough to make hitting anything nearly impossible during a firefight."
,Recommended,496240,32359261,Posted: 11 June,all,vaer-k,Hands down THE best game in VR right now
76561198268621010,Recommended,496240,32613156,Posted: 21 June,all,Clio_ryder_UK,"only played a few hours but its a realy great game, need some polish but still super fun mil sim!id day its the only mil sim on vr worth getting at the moment, i tryed pavplov and it sucked, especialy for a uk playeri can still play with usa players fine so dont worry about that!could do with an actual tutorial but watch a few youtube vids and get into the game,great comunity so far!realy worth the money! buy it!"
,Recommended,496240,32113204,Posted: 1 June,all,KennyMondragon,"*Update*The new optimization update has made the game soooooo much more enjoyable; it's like night and day... I would now highly recommend this game.I love this game i have almost 100 hours on it, But recently I can't play almost a single game without being kicked out due to unstable lobbys or experince extremely nauseating lag."
76561198065331473,Recommended,496240,32632133,Posted: 21 June,all,jdaks,This is the closest thing we have to Rainbow6VR as of Q2 2017.
76561197962810553,Recommended,496240,32657568,Posted: 22 June,all,Infraggable Krunk,Takes some time and paitence to get good at this game.  Damn fun once you get the hang of it.  Looking forward to more updates!
76561197962041588,Recommended,496240,25839357,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Lance from Texas,"Hands down the best FPS out there...im 47 been gaming along time, seen side strollers evolve into 3d FPS now the next phase in gaming evolution. ""  The I'm am the soldier""   hats off the the developer you hit it out of the park!  I'm hoping this game inspires people get a vive...kinda how doom made me get a faster pc and modem....10 of 10"
76561198127509143,Recommended,496240,30498598,Posted: 13 March,all,vexxd,truly amazing. especially since its only one guy. best game on vive. do yourself a favor and buy a gun stock to put your controllers in. it feels like you are holding a real gun.
76561198158217456,Recommended,496240,32817877,Posted: 26 June,all,jasetheace,one of the best games on vive.
76561198034737950,Recommended,496240,32819927,Posted: 26 June,all,grim,"very realistic milsim the guns are very well modelled, the only gripe with the game is i get motion sickness and the walking without actually walking has a tendency to make me feel dizzy but thats my own problem not the game this game is worth the money good fun to play"
,Recommended,496240,32761803,Posted: 25 June,all,Shwayne,"Simply awesome! Dante has been hard at work developing this game from the inception of VR, and he's managed to create a fun multiplayer experience that makes little compromises in being intuitive and fun."
,Recommended,496240,32706202,Posted: 23 June,all,Marvin Bernard,ye
,Recommended,496240,32739918,Posted: 24 June,all,LadysWinter,"Pew pew shooty sim, can't really go wrong with it."
76561197973696095,Recommended,496240,32741284,Posted: 24 June,all,Thehurricane22,"I normally dont review games but I felt I had to on this one. I have played a lot of the FPS titles on VR and for some I just cant get over the motion sickness on free emovement. This game, not an issue playing 2 hours straight which is a decent amount on VR. Teamwork is essential and generally everyone I have played with has a good time. If you are looking for a good pvp shooter that is tactical and gets your blood flowing, this is it.Warning: Night Vision goggles a must on night maps otherwise you will shoot your teammates."
,Recommended,496240,32763515,Posted: 25 June,all,Jainz,"Some kind of room-clearing target practice could be good for learning how to move, shoot, etc, effectively."
76561198083238586,Recommended,496240,32823060,Posted: 26 June,all,NAEKEM,"The game is very well managed by Dante, the creator of the game and his small team. I come back every month to play it for a couple hours and see what has improved. Sometimes you will find something wrong with the game, like getting black screen for standing in a building wrong (this happened several times), or after hours of play your character will gradually move slower (Only had that problem twice).All in all, it is worth any virtual purchasers attention. After all, the game is constantly upkept and being made better and better."
76561198082798639,Recommended,496240,29470553,Posted: 24 January,all,the medic who never heals you,"""i think i finally know how it feels to be solid snake""i would compare this game to being the VR version of ""Metal Gear Solid"" (if your playing single player) and really any other team deathmatch kinda game if your on multiplayer"
76561198039738874,Recommended,496240,33565427,Posted: 15 July,all,The Jiffy,"Hands down the best VR Shooter I have played. If you have a VR headset you must, at the very least, try Onward."
76561197971200127,Recommended,496240,29020104,Posted: 4 January,all,Awesome!,"Easily one of the most memorable and intense competitive VR experiences.My specs: GTX 970, i5 6600k, 16 GBs RAM."
76561197963141848,Recommended,496240,25285362,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,squirrel army,"The good: This game instantly raises the bar for VR shooters and co-op gameplay.  The locomotion movement system has influenced has pretty much set the bar for first person VR gameplay.My first match in I knew I was never going to buy another VR wave shooter again.  This not only scratches the itch for VR gunplay, it promptly puts 3 rounds from a m16 in it."
,Recommended,496240,33493571,Posted: 12 July,all,Blorgus TradeSkinsFast.com,"Best vr game I've ever played, great gameplay and community. Just an amazing game, if you have a vive or rift, this game is a must buy."
76561198002816690,Recommended,496240,30269646,Posted: 1 March,all,RD | Possibly,"My favorite game on VR outside of Arizona Sunshine. By far the best multiplayer game on Oculus and I love the controls once you get used to them. Make sure you read up and how to grab what and make sure you are taller than 5'5"" until they fix the height restriction or else you will be stuck in crouch mode and cannot run. But if your taller than 5'5"" this is a must have game with hours and hours of fun. lobbies are always available at all hours unlike other games such as The Art of Fight. Can't wait to see what they do next with this game!!!"
,Recommended,496240,33444897,Posted: 10 July,all,SGT. Major Moist,10/10 i love playing this game i have it on my other account more that maybe 100 hours total and thats weeks straight of playing it i loved it so much can't wait to play the player vs ai mode im looking forward to all of the new players who may join and the ones i haven't met yet see ya on the battlefield my fellow vr players
,Recommended,496240,33357097,Posted: 7 July,all,[TFN] Viking,"The game is posotivley VERY fun and VERY frustrating. The game puts your mind and memory and reflexes to the test. I SUCK at this game XD but I try to play it more often but im just horrible. I wish I could get better. If your BRAND new to VR I wouldn't recommend this game to play first. This game is strategic and very hard, movement is amazing and hard to get control of. The players know exactly how to play and its a real challenge, I hope to one day get better. I would recommend this game but not to BRAND new VR players."
,Recommended,496240,33425679,Posted: 10 July,all,Leagle,"I love this game, and along with H3VR has made me get back into it again.Some of the features, such as using the radio really add to the game, and proper reloading without having to be precise is awesome.The two issues I have with the game is that reloading the LMG can be annoying when you hit your controllers together, and lag (but as an Australian it's kind of expected).Be warned though, if you're left eye dominant but right handed it can make aiming quite a bit harder."
76561197970321343,Recommended,496240,33408028,Posted: 9 July,all,gekido,"It's just awesome. It might not have the looks and sure is still bugloaded, but it surely has the adrenaline packed gameplay you're looking for. The weapon handling is superb. So is the sound. Next to Superhot VR, this is the game I enjoy the most on Rift."
76561198137888837,Recommended,496240,33292236,Posted: 5 July,all,Raisin Bran,i approve this dank but some noob made fun of me cuz i have a rift
,Recommended,496240,33345804,Posted: 7 July,all,WolfCam02,"The only complaints I have are that walking animations are terrible, the window frame collision boxes are huge, there are only 2 gamemodes, and there are no bots. Otherwise great game."
,Recommended,496240,33299827,Posted: 5 July,all,hellcase.com csgoroll.com,"One of the best VR shooter games I've played, it's a must-buy for anyone with a Vive or Rift. Plus the community is actually not cancer"
,Recommended,496240,33301264,Posted: 5 July,all,TheDevilsHound,Very awesome game! amazing gameplay and community. nothing else makes me hit the floor so hard that everyone knows what im playing!
76561198077262492,Recommended,496240,33109625,Posted: 1 July,all,StevieJack,This is very cool; can’t wait to see what the developers do next!
76561197961215927,Recommended,496240,33025084,Posted: 29 June,all,Myztkl©-Kev,"Most VR games, I'll install and play for an hour or 2 and put it down and probably not play it again for another week (except DCS world which I geeked out on for a month straight after buying rift) but this game, I bought yesterday and played well passed when I should have gone to bed. Came back today and didn't want to put it down. The gun mechanics of reloading manually and everything just feels great. It takes a while to get used to aiming with your hands not physically attached to a gun shaped thing, but it's super fun even though I suck. Most FPS games with full locomotion have made me feel sick to some extent unless I move slowly, this game does not make me sick at all and can play for hours. Really well done. It's early access and made by a small team, there's a good number of guns and they all act very realistically and I see why it's taken as long as it has to make what's here so far. Excited to see where it goes once bots are implemented and systems are refined. Definitely a recommend even at full price (which isn't much for what it is))"
76561198078876836,Recommended,496240,33295018,Posted: 5 July,all,Crustache Ride,"This is one of the few fully fledged games in VR. You know, the kind that you can sink more than six hours into. No brainer purchase here, support this dev."
,Recommended,496240,33687640,Posted: 20 July,all,Asa,I wish that all VR games had movement similar to this one.
,Recommended,496240,33689675,Posted: 20 July,all,Quincyyy,a very fun game that is very challenging but the community is great and will help you through it and you can always find games at any time of the day
76561198162374437,Recommended,496240,33682691,Posted: 20 July,all,Fizizy,10/10
76561198025938704,Recommended,496240,33753319,Posted: 23 July,all,Dr.NaCl,gud
,Recommended,496240,33746511,Posted: 23 July,all,boat,Best FPS available on Steam.
,Recommended,496240,33745215,Posted: 23 July,all,Put,"When the battle gets rough, just slit your throat and then the enemy can't get 'cha. 4/4 Would prevent enemy from getting a kill again."
76561198315258300,Recommended,496240,33897007,Posted: 29 July,all,OutDoorsMan,"Very fun online shooter in vr controls are great and shooting is on point and fun. I would definitely recomened ajusting the supersampling via the steam vr dev settings, once you do that game looks great and runs fine. I have a 1070 and put it to 2x sampling in dev settings. So far everyone i have played with is nice. At first i was very disoriented by the motion of this game but after about an hour im able to cope with the motion very well, im glad i gave this game a chance. The motion will take getting used to and will make you dizzy for a bit if your suseptible to motion dizziness."
76561197976166708,Recommended,496240,32265242,Posted: 8 June,all,Terence Hill,"After update game runs perfect, best VR shooter now .Pro :Good and big CommunityGood gameplayRealistic Weapons and handlingTactic is better than rushVery good support with updatesReal VR experenceContra :Maps too open ( you see enemy very fast)Need more maps (early accses status makes this point not so importend )More mods / ony 2 gamemods (vip and bomb sattelite) is not enough for a good game like thisAt the end, my point is thats the best shooter game , i ever played in VR and i play almost all shooters ,most of them are better in one way (most of them in grafic) ,but this is about Online ,and here it is the best! So much fun to testing your aiming kills , i was on the ground to hide from enemy and much more ,this is so much fun! Well done !"
,Recommended,496240,33894105,Posted: 29 July,all,Rm7gaming,Awesome VR military sim.
,Recommended,496240,33887514,Posted: 29 July,all,Piper,Alot of fun both single player and multi-play. I wish you could do single player with AI on all maps hopfully soon.
76561198025111720,Recommended,496240,33811656,Posted: 26 July,all,Hypn0o,Really good Early Access VR FPS.
76561198032055522,Recommended,496240,34539343,Posted: 27 August,all,Shackled,"First recommendation would be to practice guns vs AI until you find what you like and what works for you, then hop into multiplayer.Always use red-dot or holo scope, the maps that get selected in multiplayer rarely give you an opportunity to make use of sniping.once you start to get some kills under your belt it becomes very very enjoyable to play"
,Recommended,496240,34533744,Posted: 27 August,all,The Mighty Spoon,highly recomend this game
76561198161343523,Recommended,496240,34557477,Posted: 28 August,all,1ce_man17,Fun and always a good time...even if all I do is die. I recommend this game as a must play for VR users.
,Recommended,496240,34567107,Posted: 28 August,all,ArchAngel713,First timme I've ever felt compeled to leave a review for a game. This is one of the funnest games I've ever played. The immersion and action is on point! Can't wait to see what the future brings for this title!!
76561198123011676,Recommended,496240,34541398,Posted: 27 August,all,Skiitts,"If you're a huge fan of FPS and you want to feel like you are in the game, this game does it. There is a slight learning curve just learning to reload the gun and use all the items but its amazing once you get the hang of it. You reload the mags yourself not just by a push of a button, feel like knifing?? its in your hands! Community of people has been helpful and fun. Its basically like cs:go but in vr!"
76561198385046675,Recommended,496240,34522708,Posted: 27 August,all,duds.johnson11,"This game is great. There is a very steep learning curve however which may be frustrating for some. However, rest assured there is a lot of good going for this game. It lacks the overall polish of many games but that is to be expected of an early access title. Many mechanics will not be explained such as the differences in reloading the variety of guns. But overall I would recommend this game if you have patience, you will be able to appreciate this game as the best military sim on VR so far."
,Recommended,496240,34542997,Posted: 27 August,all,Gallen,"Very fun, bought vr just to play this game and i am not dissapointed at all!"
76561198049485466,Recommended,496240,34445636,Posted: 23 August,all,semu,Absolutely fantastic. Runs like a charm.
,Recommended,496240,34454063,Posted: 23 August,all,BlueFalcon,About as real as you can get in a video game.  My only complaint is the reticle in the acog isn't right
,Recommended,496240,34460786,Posted: 24 August,all,LTG.,"If you loved Insurgency, this is the VR version of it and it will blow your mind!"
,Recommended,496240,34497390,Posted: 25 August,all,mossyoaker69_09,"Actually a really good vr game, I was a little skeptic on the price, but it's worth it."
76561197962206684,Recommended,496240,34466999,Posted: 24 August,all,Officer☼Statham,plain and simple best game ever made.
76561198044668283,Recommended,496240,34508411,Posted: 26 August,all,powwie,By far the most immersive and exciting VR game I have!
76561198216261988,Recommended,496240,34130647,Posted: 9 August,all,TisDaBigQ,"Game is really fun, graphics could be better and controlls are a little confusing but definetly worth buying if you can get your way around the controls."
,Recommended,496240,34326656,Posted: 18 August,all,nelsonjav,"The devs are actively updating the game :)This game gave me the best multiplayer VR Experiences!Just go for it! And DON""T SKIP THE TUTORIAL!I wish, one day we get some cool missions instead of the current simple ""skirmish"" operations."
76561198018482347,Recommended,496240,34282410,Posted: 16 August,all,StreamsFall,"Onward is an extremely great VR FPS title.Reasons for my approval...It really does a fantastic job of putting you in the shoes of a solider, you've got to be tactical and strategic.Teamwork is truely the key to winning the fight, I suggest you squad up with friends you have real chemistry with.Procision is very important as you need to make impact with every shot you fire towards you're enemies, I suggest you don't go in guns blazing and get some practice done at the shooting range.This isn't you're ordinary fps, treat it as military simulation."
76561198036731668,Not Recommended,496240,32056350,Posted: 29 May,all,I LOVE BIBI NETANYAHU,"I am going to get alot of flak for this but i cannot reccommend this game to new players because of how awful the community is. There are alot of great people, but a lot of them (avoid Competitive serves like a plague, it is filled with spergy autistic man children who think they are better than everyone else and kick everyone out of their games.) are really awful to new players. They treat everyone else like dirt. If you do get this game however (it is a good game) Play with friends, do not make interaction with spergy man children, and be a decent person to others aswell."
,Recommended,496240,34357471,Posted: 19 August,all,FitzZZ,"Fluent, natural - and intense as ♥♥♥♥! Awesome!"
76561198067654906,Recommended,496240,34403233,Posted: 21 August,all,Don`t poke the Bear,I only have 180 VR 2 sencor rift setup and 2m x 2m playing space  but this game is really great controlls i didn`t feel sick at all it just works so well. Im very sensitive to motion sickness buti played 1 hour straight no issues.The way you have to reload and empty the chamber in a gun fight add to the tension and realism really good.The aimming down sights works but need to be tweeked a little bit to make maybe a soft lock when close to your face I was still able to hit the targets.
76561198006709435,Recommended,496240,34349632,Posted: 19 August,all,--=Thunder=--,Back to lumpen (military service)!Most fun i've had in VR to date.
,Recommended,496240,34389516,Posted: 21 August,all,ALL I SMOKE IS TOOKA,"*****SOLVED*****""this game got some huge lags for me and make it unplayable in some moments.i did alot of settings wiht the oculus tray tool and on my system it just wont work properly. will give thumb up if fixed""If you press ""ctrl"" to start the game ""exe"" you can choose another graphics quality ""lowest"" after i did that its working withouth anyproblems and i love it!geforce gtx 1060intel i5 744016gb ddr4 ram."
76561198007759879,Recommended,496240,34395264,Posted: 21 August,all,Swinff,Best game on VR.
,Recommended,496240,34155116,Posted: 10 August,all,Dwight Frightening,"Gameplay is funThis is a ""Tactical-Milsim"" sort of shooter not Call of Doodoo. Running around will get you killed early and yes you will have to sit back the rest of the round and watch your team play properly. Boohoo.Lots of bugs still; If these bugs get fixed the game will be fantastic.Did take me a while to get used to the movement (Locomotion, no teleporting) but once you get your VR Legs and stop being a little ♥♥♥♥♥ you'll have no problems- except for some bugs in pathing and clipping.Development seems constant for now, as long as it continues to get regular updates I would recommend."
76561198404106374,Recommended,496240,33544408,Posted: 14 July,all,*y0bRo-PALO*,"have a problem  to start a game,the installation was fine ,but when i hit to play it says WE have to do a few thing before starting when i hit continue the arrow stays in the some place and does not let me move on PLZ HELP ty"
76561198019046685,Recommended,496240,30915766,Posted: 2 April,all,Hooded Crow,"With the introduction of AI and COOP this game has become 100% worth every penny!  Still a slim selection of maps and no Workshop support but the excellent 3D sound and sharp visuals topple every other VR game on the market right now.  If you're looking for a realistic and immersive FPS, this and Pavlov are definitely the way to go."
,Recommended,496240,34231028,Posted: 14 August,all,Hotshotkyle,If you have a HTC Vive and you like shooters you must get this game. Amazing!!
76561198271744739,Recommended,496240,34231003,Posted: 14 August,all,hANDS,"fun, intense, team based shooter. has its issues too but just fun to play."
76561198117751240,Recommended,496240,34230854,Posted: 14 August,all,Gandoza,"Ok, this game have a lot of potential, it was an pretty good and enjoyable experience, though i have a couple of things to say.- The graphics are not bad but these days the texturing can be so much better!- The game modes are explained in the tutorial and they are actually nice game modes, but i felt like the maps are too big and overcrowded with buildings and trees and most of the times i don't see my enemies.. but i guess that's what they are aiming for, to get a realistic feel of the world, but still i lost the fun aspect at some points.- The recoil of the weapons seems legit for a realistic feel.- Weapon handling, reload, mic use and syringe use are also realistic which in my opinion makes the gameplay a bit complicated and a bit difficult to just pick up and play... But when you get used to all of these controls it gets fun.Bottom line, if you're looking for a realistic gameplay this is a good game to play. Certainly not for beginners! You need a lot of skill and you have to be well aware of VR controls to master this game. Thumbs up for now"
76561198096707228,Recommended,496240,34197334,Posted: 12 August,all,SlickBananaLad,"Once you get the settings all done, this is a great game! Im on the oculus rift. The only issue is reloading, taking the clip out is not easy, you have to keep waving the gun up and down to try and get the clip out while holding the clip button. Please fix this, make it where we can pull the clip out. Again im using Oculus touch."
,Recommended,496240,34202428,Posted: 12 August,all,Orcywoo6,Something along the lines of insurgency in vr.
,Recommended,496240,34186038,Posted: 12 August,all,Red Dirt Nurse,"I'm really trying to like this game, and it's got so much going for it.  It might be an issue on my side, but the controls seem clunky - the Vive controller tracking seems to drift.  For example, when using the bolt action rifle, I release the hand-grip with the right hand to move the bolt, and my hand jumps (and remains) about 30cm to the right of my actual controller.Great game.  I'm looking forward to further updates and tweaks.I played a ton of Bullets and More VR before purchasing this, and I kept hearing players referring to Onward ... so I thought I'd give it a try.The guys playing BAM VR said that it played better than Onward, and I agree, but I'm hoping that I can learn to love this title as time goes on."
,Recommended,496240,34234170,Posted: 14 August,all,Buck717,This is easily the best vr experience I've had yet. $25 very well spent!
,Recommended,496240,31266098,Posted: 20 April,all,Mink,"Since I bought this game, I have gotten 4 new holes in my walls.10/10"
,Recommended,496240,34627482,Posted: 30 August,all,Ketsa,"My time in Onward has been pretty great so far. Most people who have played the game for a long time are quick to help noobies. I think more people should use push to talk to be honest, as the vive does not have the best mic and it can pick up your breathing and it can get very loud. I do not judge, vr games are exhausting but I learned that people do not want to hear the efforts to live and I agree. There are a lot of actual veterans from all around the world playing too, and it is useful to watch their tactics (usually after I've died). In my opinion, its core playerbase right now is milsim enthusiasts and veterans which is expected from a milsim. I can totally see how one would spend hundreds of hours in this, it is totally addicting, as a game and as a tool. From a gamer's perspective, the people with actual war experience are very valuble to have on your team, so I treat them with respect because I want my team to win. But as an American I think soldiers kick♥♥♥♥♥ and I don't care how much money you spend trying to kill the bad guys. To the game.Multiplayer matches are 5v5 that last around 6-7 minutes but if you die early then you have to wait a bit. It's not terrible, take a seat and attention to what your team mates are doing. There are 6 maps, one or two have a night variant and there is a tanker level where you can recreate the ship level on CoD4. Watch those CORNERS. I have played them all, some more than others, but I still haven't memorized all of them yet as there are a lot of nooks and crannies where a bad guy can hide on every single level. Not every building has an interior, which is okay for now but hopefully they add more intereactivity with the environment as the game is developed. The graphics are decent and the levels are detailed enough to think that you are actually in that environment. Gameplay is solid, my aim can get a little shaky but it can be hard to aim like that in vr. I don't think there is a specific way to do it, unlike controlers in the past, the vive's controls are up to you. Sometimes I pull my controllers real close to my body so I can aim better and other times I extend further out.  Easily the best vr game I've played, others are good but none have come close to being this immersive and fun.Some feature that I think would be nice to haveincreased server populationmore heavy weapons (rpgs? at4's? That would be an interesting control scheme to see.)information about the guns, a description and their stats would be nice, I get guns but gameplay wise I did not know how to remove the magazine from an ak. The game teaches you to press down on your dominate hand track pad (htc vive) to eject a mag, cool works for tan team's guns, but once you start testing weapons out there are some things not covered such as having to manually pull some mags out on the black team's guns unlike the dropping action of STANAG mags.vaulting/mantling/jumping/crawling over or through walls and windows.Rifle mounted grenade launchersdrone uavmore levelspretty good for an early access gamevery good for a vr gamethe best milsim game out so far"
,Recommended,496240,34626272,Posted: 30 August,all,PurriHasRez,The controls and feel for this game... No other VR shooter can compare!
76561198234844036,Recommended,496240,33787835,Posted: 25 July,all,Faisal_95,On my top 10 list.Edit: Top one actually
,Recommended,496240,34654599,Posted: 1 September,all,Hulkbearza,Great game.  Especialy given how early it is in development and the size of the team working on it.
,Recommended,496240,34870884,Posted: 10 September,all,Bermudian,Best Milsim in VR right now. Playing 7 hours straight and I don't even notice that it's already 5AM. Well worth the price.
,Recommended,496240,34974752,Posted: 15 September,all,ThereIsNoTry,"I make like 3 reviews a year total on all platforms, so know that when I say this it's basically me yelling from on top a mountain.  This is straight up the future of FPS for me.  It's that teamwork, that i've sunk 100's of hours into battlefield games.  In Onward, it's just straight bliss.  Like most early access, the content is on short side.  Just reloading alone, makes me want to uninstall all other claimed ""military"" games.  Now i'm not saying this can replace the other games, i'm just saying this is now king of hill!"
76561198157056515,Recommended,496240,34979659,Posted: 15 September,all,Freeto Funnypro,"This game is straight up the most promising VR game TO DATE.If it delivers on regular updates and adds more content and such it will be the future of gaming and may even get to Esports.Pros:+Great weapon handling- It's the best ive seen in VR except for H3VR which is betetr in that sense.+ Sound is super immersive- The overall vibe it feels makes you feel like a real soldier and sounds realistic and good!+Promotes teamwork- Although at the moment the teamwork aspect is hard to be used with randoms but with a premade team it is amazing!Cons-- Not enough content- I know this game is in early access but updates take so much time to come and dont add enough to keep being interesting for a whole month+....- Customazation is a lacking aspect here- I think that this game could easily be benefited from more deep customization with weapons and gear and outfits (while staying realistic).- The community- The community itself is GREAT but there are almost none games running in the middle of the week... almost nobody plays it and it is a shame!Overall a 7.5/10 with a huge pomise to become an 8 or even a 9!Would highly recommend even with the negative aspects, the good one's just outweight them!"
,Recommended,496240,34978117,Posted: 15 September,all,KobaEnigma13,"This is as real as it gets. No hand holding, no health bar, one shot one kill, no luck, all skill."
76561198014119536,Recommended,496240,35065839,Posted: 19 September,all,greenjust,"great game hard to aim with the sniper rifle either build or buy a ""rifle"" stock that can hold the controllers in line makes it alot easier. game doesnt have any ballistics where you shoot is where it hits, need to line up the iron sights properly in order to get a hit."
76561198292214923,Recommended,496240,34984354,Posted: 15 September,all,RapidJosh,"The one game i play to get a thrill. GET IT if you don't have it...also, whenever you're in trouble, surrounded, or just sad... you can always shoot yourself in the head-while your teammates scream ""no please"" ""you have so much to live for""LMAO10/10"
76561198041089358,Recommended,496240,34982526,Posted: 15 September,all,Awesomedude,Absolutely Amazaing Game I Highly Reccomend this game If you Own a Vr Headset And Have the Money It might just be my Favourite VR Game theirs Alot of vr Games out their so its hard to say what ones the best but this ones definitely Out their
76561198252016888,Recommended,496240,35009710,Posted: 16 September,all,ROYAL  |   KuBA,Lots of fun but also a bit stressful (especially at first since it's so realistic). This title belongs in every VR FPS fan's library and so does Pavlov VR (its more like Counter Strike or COD while Onward is like ARMA).
76561197985237231,Recommended,496240,35010407,Posted: 16 September,all,Faca-Coque,"I have played little of this but please do not discourage my lack of hours befuddle your interest in this game.  I moved and do not have the resources to move around so it is upsetting to say the least.  Now, I throughly enjoy this game to the fullest extent.  Not because its the typical shooter.  But because there is a bond with you and people from all around the world.  Literally, people on my team were Japenese, Russian, Spanish (Spain), and another American such as myself.  You seriously cannot come across another game to create as much of a bond in such a short amount of time.  Fond memories and strongly suggest people wanting to play this."
,Recommended,496240,35018117,Posted: 17 September,all,Nissen,Must have VR game
76561197967689449,Recommended,496240,35016113,Posted: 16 September,all,Th3rd3y3,"I love this game. I've only put in six hours, but I'm thoroughly impressed. I had a fantastic time playing co-op with my friends. I look forward to more gameplay. I only hope we eventually see more maps as only having two maps (one with night/day variation on one of the maps). This really is one of the best VR shooters available. If you own a Vive or a Rift, you should do yourself a favor and pick up this title."
,Recommended,496240,35033774,Posted: 17 September,all,SpaceNavy,"I've had this game for a while and I have to say its really amazing. It honestly sets the tone for how other VR shooter should be like especially with movement. Some people complain about motion sickness with it, but I've tried other touchpad movement games and while they might make me sick, this one absolutely do not. I'd say the only limiting factor to this game right now has to do with the Vive/Oculus hardware rather than the game itself. If you like military games and are looking for a VR game, get this. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,496240,35000451,Posted: 16 September,all,Mooseable,"One of my favourite VR games.First and foremost, it is a Milsim. Strategic thinking and teamwork will see you victorious. Running headlong or going solo will see you fail.You will NOT get many kills in your first few hours, it takes time to adapt. But the community is very good, everyone helps educate new players, you've just got to ask.In any regard, this is one of the best VR titles out there and it started out with just a solo developer. Hats off to him."
76561198044284536,Recommended,496240,34999877,Posted: 16 September,all,ReyMortadela,best of VR so far
,Recommended,496240,34998599,Posted: 16 September,all,Damn Lee,This is the TURE vr shooting game which everyone should try!
,Recommended,496240,35093848,Posted: 20 September,all,Lady Lysa Arryn,"only had to watch one youtuber play this game before i bought, and i'm SO glad i bought.this game made me purchase a VR headset (Rift), and i have not looked back since.if you enjoy SOCOM-like gameplay and an immersive way to end bad guys and take objectives, BUY THIS ASAP.pretty sure this is the only game ive reviewed, and ive been gaming for years. that's how much i love this game.BUY. IT."
76561198058406734,Recommended,496240,35086300,Posted: 20 September,all,Akaton,"Great VR game and a must own title. When I finally made the jump to multiplayer, the online community was very helpful and friendly towards me. This game takes a while to get used to, but when you finally get the hang of it you can't stop playing."
,Recommended,496240,35140163,Posted: 22 September,all,Mysterio✔,One of the best VR games I've played.
,Recommended,496240,35136885,Posted: 22 September,all,[BBD]SubMeOnTwitch,"Needs a team deathmatch mode something fierce, asap, six weeks ago. Don't get me wrong I enjoy the game, it's a pretty good. It definitely has some flaws, and some glitches and bugs here and there but it's still pretty fun. I think I've spent 2 of my 6 hours actually playing the game and not in some kind of loading session or watching other people play. Sucks because I had to refund Bullets and More because it didn't launch properly in order to get his game. Bullets and More has TDM so it would be more my style of play. I've never been one that enjoyed the 20-40 minute match with one life that if your teammate murders you in the beginning you just have to sit there and watch people play. It's pretty annoying and a waste of time in my opinion.Do I recommend this game?Yes and No, if you don't like sitting around watching other people play a game or just sitting around waiting then I would go grab Bullets and More instead of this ASAP.If you like the super slow, one life thing then this game will be right up your lane.Overall, it's like ArmA and CS had a baby which actually came out to be better than both of those games as both of those games are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥in their own rights.Is it worth the price?Absolutely, even with all my grips and problems this game is worth it. The movement is one of the better variations in VR currently and the gameplay is pretty good.This game has a ton of room to grow and I think if they add a few more game modes and maps that it will be one of the most recommended games on Steam and for VR. Currently, there are very few VR games that are doing great things and though realistic similations of things like this aren't what I wanted VR for, this one does it as close to right as they could with current technology. Personally, I want to be able to jump into VR and do a bunch of stuff I can't do in real life, and I supposed for some people they will never be able or never want to actually join the military so this is great for them. Or wounded warriors that want to relive those days in the desert. Even not being something I would play everyday, I can say that the developers actually had a vision of what they wanted to create and they are doing that well. I say give it a shot and see if it's what you like, if not, there is always that refund button. I think most people will find this pretty enjoyable though, the community is hit or miss, but overall the VR community is 1/10th as cancerous as the normal gaming community so you're already at better odds to begin with."
,Recommended,496240,30135693,Posted: 23 February,all,Credit MacDaddy,♥♥♥♥ing fantastic.  I love the community in this game.  This game could be absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥and the community will keep me playing.
,Recommended,496240,35135369,Posted: 22 September,all,Vahlok,"Such a good VR Game, played a few matches and it really focuses on good communication and understanding of the maps.really intense during firefights with multiple people who know what they are doing and you have to flank the enemy and you sneeze and they hear the proximaty chat and figure out your plan."
76561198410394856,Recommended,496240,35212104,Posted: 25 September,all,KillaBeez2014,"Hello all ! Onward is awesome ! If you like tactical game play, with realistic movements / environments - This is for you ! Onward nails the feeling of a gun fight to the T. It's not a Battlefield or COD graphical quality game. But once your in the game, none of that seems to matter. You have to work together (mostly) to accomplish a common goal. Sometimes it's sending an uplink, other times it's defending the objective. Either way, you will find yourself immersed in some amazing situations. I'll never forget the fist time I physically laid on the floor in order to get cover - that was awesome! (and amuzing to my wife ;)This game has a great community, and you will always be able to find a match ! It seems to be ever growing as well !Do yourself a favor, buy this game - You won't regret it ! Hope to see you out there !"
76561198151636950,Recommended,496240,35314988,Posted: 29 September,all,[kizzer],10/10 best vr game ever
76561198243236464,Recommended,496240,35303388,Posted: 29 September,all,gooodhope,Amazing game.  One of the only games I play on VR.
76561198017435260,Recommended,496240,35334162,Posted: 30 September,all,EkkiePitang,"Played the tutorial and wanted to get straight into the action without going to the shooting range first to test all the different types of weapon.First match I ended up throwing a spare magazine at another player when I couldn't work out how to reload.Died laughing.Next match I ran out of ammo again and switched to knife, got the drop on someone and accidentally stabbed myself in the head.Died laughing again.Best. Game. Ever."
76561198398684953,Recommended,496240,35277986,Posted: 28 September,all,Peregrinus,"This is the best VR Game out there. I highly recommend it. We (employees from a VR cafe, 4 people, private accounts) are playing it all the time after work. It is just in its alpha and it is already amazing. We are hoping for more weapons and maps in the future. (ice map with blizzards would be nice) and hopefully more realistic graphics but apart from that this game has so much potential. We hope it will continue to grow in the future. It is a very bonding experience if you play in the same room against other people around the world or even against A.I. It is that immersive. Thank you for such a wonderful game."
76561198041104988,Recommended,496240,35360230,Posted: 30 September,all,Tofu Warrior,Awesome game. Not too bad of a learning curve. Definitely worth the money.
76561197969207256,Recommended,496240,35163756,Posted: 23 September,all,Natemo,best VR game hands down you cant find anything close.
,Recommended,496240,35404059,Posted: 1 October,all,ParticleMan,"best shooter for VR, supports both Rift and Vive, bit of a learning curve if you are not tactically inclined"
76561198402323528,Recommended,496240,35377749,Posted: 1 October,all,Donny76,"Awesome, just awesome. Hopefully maps and games get bigger"
,Recommended,496240,35425543,Posted: 2 October,all,SherlockGriffin,"Even as an Early Access title, this game has a lot to offer those who are looking for an action packed, stand-up experience. The firefights can be intense, and the added realism are radio banter and using your arms to gesture other players is great. Even when you're losing, the game still feels exciting and fun. This has definitely taken the top spot as my most-played VR game. People even sell ""gun stocks"" that you can attach your controllers to, so aiming long-range is easier (and you'll want to invest in one if you play the game a lot, otherwise long-range rifles are next to useless, unless you just have the most steady hands on the planet).I think my favorite moment has to do with being stuck behind a building, with several enemies coming for me. I had this large rifle the requires you to pull up the top of the gun, and load the bullets into the barrel. Having to do this manually instead of pressing a button makes the game so much more intense than your standard shooter. I think that future VR Shooters will draw inspiration from this title.Definitely with the $25."
76561198165196382,Recommended,496240,35404982,Posted: 1 October,all,Chaz Micheal Micheals,"The potential for this game is endless and should be the standard all FPS VR games to come. If the creator can find a way to enhance the graphics and continue to release guns/maps, then this is hands down the best VR game out. Give it a try - you wont be disapointed. 11/10 would shoot my VR friends again."
76561198392213535,Recommended,496240,35461841,Posted: 3 October,all,STEEL,Best VR game so far for me. more maps would be nice. did get shot by a rifle that came out the ceiling along with a leg on multiplayer hahah but other then that♥♥♥♥♥♥HOT !
,Recommended,496240,35489540,Posted: 5 October,all,Tru.gamer.jr [Uncle Nickolai],"the game is great, just wish they had a team deathmatch mode instead of two modes where if you did by a team kill right away you hae to wait for the round to end, team deathmatch would bring more action in a shorter time span, or a free for all type deal"
