user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198045737800,Not Recommended,496300,32732200,Posted: 24 June,all,Mark,"This game is beautiful. It really is. It is very beautiful. Its simplicity and attention to detail are almost unparalleled. I really wanted to like this game. I really did. But something is deeply, deeply wrong with it.The first worrying sign of trouble is that no prompting or tutorial explains almost anything in the game. Basic controls are all that is ever explicated, forcing the player to experiment to discover what the various world interactions are.This isn't actually problematic in itself. In fact, the mystery makes the game feel far more explorative than it actually is and I'm glad that the developers chose not to hand-hold the players.However, because this game is a resource management game, and because the experimentation required just to learn the game is never free, the need to figure out how the game works ultimately causes your death. This doesn't happen just once, or even twice... it happens over and over again. Each time you restart feeling that you'll do better with your new knowledge. And each time you quickly run into something else you don't know that you have to kill yourself to discover. Except that it isn't ""quickly"" at all... the slow pace of the game means that each one of these mandatory experiments eats up a significant amount of time. I'm over three hours in, and I'm still having to kill myself just to learn the basic mechanics.But, let's say you've put in the time. You've killed yourself in wholly unsatisfying ways at least a dozen times over the course of several hours... and now you're sure you get it. Now you can really play. What is it that you now understand? Is the game even worth playing?Unfortunately, owing to some very bizarre choices about how the AI works, this game is almost unplayable. Let me explain - in this game you collect workers and assign them to various roles... most notably roles which ultimately protect the very workers you just collected. You don't have any direct control over them. All you can do is assign them to a role. You have to trust that they will perform the role reasonably. Of course, they don't. Frequently, units will bunch up on one side of the map, defending one wall with every ounce of their courage. They will do this even if you've never been attacked on that side. They will do this even if you are currently being attacked on the other side. They will continue to do this even when the bad guys breech the wall on the other side and start demolishing everything in their path... These are vigilant defenders of the left! Everyone to the right be damned!The result of this nonsense behavior is, of course, that you die. You will die, and there will have been nothing you could have done to change that. Aren't you glad that you spent those several hours just learning to play?Of course, someone in the crowd is bound to dismiss this criticism. ""This guy just doesn't know that the reason they bunch up like that is because he built towers and farms and had grassland all on the same side. He doesn't know the trick about not using any towers or the trick about building perfectly evenly, or the trick about [whatever]. Also, I bet he doesn't even know that knights keep a bunched up entourage of four arches with them... that's all this is,"" they'll say.To these folks I have two responses. First, I do know those things. They do not really make sense of the AI nor are they good excuses for senselessness. Second, even if there were some trick to keeping it from happening like I describe, how long should I be expected to experiment myself to death just to learn the game, and what kind of game requires such a thing just to learn to circumvent the poor development choices? It seems to me that suggesting I figure out some trick to make the AI behave appropriately is a taxing and arduous proposition that perpetuates the unsatisfying sacrifice of time described above. In other words, it is not a real solution.The real solution would be for the game to just be better. Beautiful or not, at the end of the day it just isn't very good."
,Recommended,496300,28541498,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Darek,"I've enjoyed this game and hope the best for it, but when I ran into trouble getting coins durring the winter and read a comment from a dev saying the point of the gaem is to fail, I lost interest, quick.  I'm giving this game a positive review because I did enjoy it...  until I read that.  Ultimatley I want to enjoy more game content after a few hours of play, not just watch my kingdom crumble and have no power to do anything about it.Devs, please feel free to stear me in the right direction if I'm off in any way."
76561198027252867,Recommended,496300,24873755,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Bohimen,"For a Free Upgraded game, I have to hand it to the developer. This is the correct way to make a name for yourself in the indie scene. The game is a an enjoyable yet simple rts. Comparing it to the classic version this basically unlocks a different win condition as well as adds quite a bit of new content to enjoy.You can easily see the bread and butter of the game play within the first two hours of gameplay. So if you buy it and find out it's not for you you can refund it. I recommend waiting for a discount on it if you feel $15 is a bit steep, but let me remind you you are funding a small development team and not a coperate machine. Save gaming, one indie at a time."
76561198202995004,Recommended,496300,32855998,Posted: 27 June,all,Larry Owlmann,Simple yet very engaging. The first two islands are not too hard (the first is pretty much impossible to lose) but the later islands make you question every coin you spend.  I love the art style and the soundtrack makes the game even more enjoyable.
,Recommended,496300,24902039,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Saluki,Making this meaty expansion to an already great game free for previous buyers is heroic. Warmest thanks and looking forward to buying whatever comes next.
,Recommended,496300,31996088,Posted: 27 May,all,Bass][e,"★★★★☆This game was like crack to me: I couldn't take distance from it eventhough I wanted to stop. I eventually did stop playing after I unlocked the last achievement, because by that point any player would have seen more than enough of this simple but suprisingly deep game.Kingdom is a sidescroller where your interactions are limited to the things you spent your money on: hire workers to build and upgrade, archers to kill, farmers to recieve more money. With the exception of one mount in New Lands, there is no other way to fend of the daily zombie-like army that attacks you every night (every 10 minutes in real time). The control scheme exists with a total of 4 buttons: left, right, shift (to run) and an interaction button. As you can imagine, you run a lot from left to right and back expanding your kingdom.First time players might find the limited construction options questionable, like the fact that you can't place walls, towers and farms anywhere you want unless it's located on a randomly, pre-defined spot respectively recognizable with dirt, a rock and a small stream of water. This means you can't always have a good constellation of towers and walls. Instead, you have to make a choice: Do you cut through the woods to find a better spot, risking your base to be neglected for a night or two, or do you stick with what you have right now?The simplicity has also a charm: the graphical design is calm and relaxing and the music and sounds go hand-in-hand with it. You mostly just run, time your attacks and think forward. Their are more mechanics going on than the developper will tell you about (in fact, they almost tell you nothing), which brings the satisfaction of discovery but also the frustration of trial-and-error with it. This is where most players seem to polarize.It looks and plays simple, but not without faults. You cannot decontruct buildings to prevent archers to run for it. You also cannot tell archers to defend the other side of the map. Specificly this will grind the gears of a lot of players, because all of them will reach the point where there is zero threat on one side of the base and want to put all force on the dangerous side of the map. The same goes with the archers in the towers: they won't ever leave it till they die. In these cases you'll feel like you have to power to fight, accompanied with with the feeling that you cannot use it. Experienced players would be able extend this list of faults, but will probably still like this game a lot.You should consider getting the mobile version of New Lands, since I found this game to be perfect to play while I'm listening or watching something else. The steam version can be windowed into ANY size, so you play it in the corner of the screen if you like."
76561198048473831,Not Recommended,496300,24816395,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Mooshie,"This is one of those games where I wish there was a rating between yes and no. New Lands provides a nice content update for the original, which already had very solid base gameplay. Unfortunately, the game still suffers from the repetitive nature of the original. It's fun to play for an hour, maybe two at a time. However, even with the updates you'll still find yourself doing the same things over and over again for a lot of the game.One of the main reasons I think this is the case is because at its heart the game doesn’t have a huge amount of depth and is really pretty easy. Most of the challenge in the game comes from not knowing how game mechanics work. Once you figure out how things work in the game it really just becomes a matter of doing things in the right order and at right time.Since you can’t really control your troops directly, for the most part, the game is just about knowing when to do things and what order to do them in. Unfortunately, because of this there’s pretty much one best way to do things and there’s really not much reason or indeed any real possibility of doing things a different way. And as long as you do that you’re never really in much danger of losing unless you get hit with some kind of bad RNG that you weren’t expecting. Unfortunately, if you do mess up there’s a pretty good chance that it will be impossible to rebuild in time for the next wave of enemies and you’ll have start the game over completely.It's a game that you can keep coming back to over a period of weeks or months for an hour or two of relaxing gameplay. Just don't expect something with a huge amount of depth that you can play for hours at a time; without it becoming very repetitive at least."
76561198022112231,Recommended,496300,28065830,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Boldt,"I'm sure you might be asking yourself. ""How can a game with only three keys be any good?""It's a fair question, but even the great Einstein is quoted saying, ""Make things as simple as possible, but not simpler""Kingdom is an experiment in such extreme simplicity. Move right, move left, or interact. That's it. Even still, the team which built these game understood how to take this and build an intriguing experience. Controls aside, the true charm of this game comes from the art style and musical inclusions. Even when you walls are being stormed by a wall of greedy little creatures it still provides a really relaxing and calming experience after you've come home from the outside world beating the crap out of you."
76561198031278560,Recommended,496300,24816816,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Othobrithol,"Wow. Just wow.My friends might recall that I only very grudgingly gave the prior installment of Kingdom a negative review. For everything they did right (and boy did they do a LOT perfectly!) the game quickly grew stale.I am happy to say that this release (which was free to any that owned the original : excellent play) fixes all of that. We keep the haunting soundtrack, the elegant mechanics, the nostalgic yet intricate retro art style but now a new layer of complexity has been added. Instead of a simple random map each game with the only point being to survive as long as possible, they have added in a 'simple, yet functional' (that phrase being the credo of the game it seems) progression.Now you must rebuild a wrecked ship, protect your workers as they lead it to a dock at one end of the map and then set sail to a new, harder map. The progression provides a sense of accomplishment missing in the prior installment while the process of building the ship requires both a massive outlay of coins (requiring development of farms) and possibly the need to defend the workers/ship.Added to that are a number of simple improvements and unlocks (like new mounts, a banker npc etc) that add some polish and ease of use, as well as a bit of replayability.I very much recommend this title for your casual, staying-up-later-than-you-thought enjoyment."
,Recommended,496300,25130136,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Millenia,"Words can't do it justice, but I'll attempt anyway. Stunning pixel art aesthetic, atmospheric soundtrack, plenty of content to unlock and explore and a satisfying difficulty level. Definitely going to be in my top 5 games of 2016.Did I mention they gave New Lands to existing Kingdom owners completely free of charge? I would have been more than happy to pay for it. Kudos to Noio & Raw Fury!"
76561198293695326,Recommended,496300,32696750,Posted: 23 June,all,Eadwynn,"Great game, beautiful soundtrack. Running around looking at everry corner of your kingdom making it as good as possible just before the night falls is thrilling."
,Recommended,496300,26114765,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Dr.Ichel,"15 bucks and 34 hours of fun - i absolutely recomend it! Just three buttons and two directions (left, right, toss coin) but sooo much fun with it."
,Recommended,496300,28392734,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Mirabel,"Having purchased and played Kingdom before the New Lands ""update"", I recieved Kingdom: New Lands for free, that alone says a lot for how commited the development team are to their user base.Kingdom is a game I keep coming back to over and over again, the majority of the time when I've had a stressful day or got a bit salty in another game (it happens!) I retreat to Kingdom and find myself lost in it's beautiful artwork and relaxing, simple-yet intuitive gameplay.I feel that the artwork in this game sells it the most, from the season changes to the little details in the enviroment bring it all to life!I would happily recommend this game to all my friends."
,Recommended,496300,24805284,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ConsoleCowboy,"I can't recommend this game highly enough. It's a minimalist work of art, a rpg told through pictures instead of words. It seems really easy at first, then overwhelming the next day. You learn alot from dying, your next kingdom will be built better, stronger, and more efficiently.The art and tone remind me of Hyperlight Drifter. The play is unique, combining elements of a side scroller with a rpg and a kingdom management sim. The soundtrack is haunting.I've only played for a day, but I can see it's one of those games that will keep me hooked for a while."
76561198002530703,Not Recommended,496300,25669048,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Ghizguth,"The idea behind 'Kindgom' seems to be to control, expand and protect your land and its people. It's basically a tower defence game crossed with some resource management, set in a beautiful, almost oneiric pixel world. At first, the feeling one gets while playing is rather peaceful, despite the somewhat harsh difficulty, which comes in the form of nightly enemies who try to rob you of your kingdom and your crown, but also from having to figuring out how the game works.The game has an addicting part to it as well, with a very ""one more turn""- like symptom; always getting the player to think, ""oh, I will just quickly recruit those peasants"", only to find oneself playing on and on without even realizing it.There are multiple problems however.First off, there is the repetitiveness of it all, which can still fit into the whole peaceful mind-set of the game, but there is no denying that the player is always doing the same thing over and over again. The fact that the setup of each kingdom is randomized changes little in that regard. Once you have found a winning strategy, there is little to no reason to deviate from it and the soothing and calming slow pace of the game tends to become tedious with the added repetitions, especially since you can't rush the different phases of the game; everything needs to happen in a certain order, if you want to survive that is.However, it is true that, contrary to the base version of the game, ""Kingdom – New Lands"" offers more options, more buildings, more mounts, and even unlockable structures; all of which are a most welcome addition as well as a must-have for the challenges of the later levels.Yet, this raises another issue of 'Kingdom': the mechanics of the game, especially in regards to these new additions, as remain poorly explained. Figuring out what happens for what reason can be fun sometimes, but all too often this leads to encountering counterintuitive design decisions or glitches.For example, hermits are characters that can upgrade some of your buildings. Winning the last level without them is almost impossible. Yet, these characters wander of, constantly putting themselves in danger, screwing you over indirectly by denying you access to their upgrades: once they are gone, you can't find them again for the duration of that level.And then there are the drawn-out nights which are an infuriating death sentence over which the player has little to no control over. Those are nights that never actually 'end' for the scripts of your population because the enemies that spawned at night took such a long time to reach your kingdom. Thus, your economy grinds to halt even during the day. It gets even worse during blood moons, -which are basically 'boss nights'-, or badly timed artificial blood moons linked with the destruction of lesser portals spawning enemies. Even the workers refuse to repair your walls during those bugged times, and that might just as well be treason for all the good it does to you. But sometimes, reloading the game will fix that issue… but for that day only…But it doesn't stop there! Prairies, and their bunnies, are a great way to make a decent amount of money at the early stages, but how, when or why these prairies expand themselves is a mystery. Buildings seem to stop their growth… except when they don't… Cutting down trees should also increase the size of the prairies, except… not always! And you are stuck with vast stretches of muddy ground. It is unrealiable at best, and sadly this seems to be the permeated feeling of 'Kingdom'.The lack of control, -and I'm not just talking about unrebindable keys here-, is really what drove me away from the game. The fact that you can't order people around directly is cute at first, but all too often it ends up being infuriating since the players is at the whims of the IA. When you see your knights abandoning a wall, leaving unassigned archers and workers to their doom, how can one not sight in desperation? Archer towers actually become a death trap in that regard since the scripts of the game seem to order them to man the towers even amidst intense battles, even if this means facing a horde of enemies to reach them. The best part? These archers in towers are as good as dead as soon as flying enemies start to spawn. What is the point of a defensive building that is more a liability to the player than anything else? Also, when the defensive walls are built too close to enemy portals, the archers tend to walk right into them, and die. It's quite exasperating to have to deal with an IA too stupid not walk straight into death.Tackling a challenging game can be fun, but only if it is fair and honest in its mechanics, which 'Kingdom – New Lands' isn't good at. And sure, one can push through the minor setbacks and annoyances, yet the reward for doing so is just more the same, with only the certainty of getting screwed over, sooner or later, not necessarily by your own hand, but by the obscure glitches or weird game decisions. Fun at first, annoying in the long run."
76561198252146098,Recommended,496300,29303847,Posted: 16 January,all,Shifty Mole,"I was a huge fan of Classic, and New Lands adds so much. It's a lot of fun and helps time fly by.I definitely think you should give it a try if you're the least bit curious even if strategy isn't your thing.The game can be difficult when you first get into it, but you can't expect to know everything and be a master the moment you first start the game. Eventually you'll learn how to read the forest outside of your kingdom and environment around you. This helps when planning how to expand your kingdom. The tiny bushes have a chance of turning into wall mounds when the trees surrounding it are cleared away. If you build your wall too close to a portal, you can't expand outwards until you destroy it. This means you won't get rabbits to spawn for some much needed gold. You're not limited to the trees directly outside of your walls. You can always try to run out and see if there's a clearing somewhere before a portal with a mound you can build a wall on. This can be risky, but it saves a lot of time and gold.I have read people saying the AI is wonky because archers miss and workers will go out into the night to build if you assigned them a task, but I don't think this is a problem. The game would be too easy if archers hit everything perfectly. There is an unlockable you'll find that will improve your archers. Concerning workers, plan and don't send them out to complete a big task late into the day. It helps greatly if you pay attention to the sun and learn how long certain tasks take. You're recruiting random people hanging around camps in ripped up clothes. It's impressive they don't fire an arrow into their own eyes or whack themselves with a hammer.The pixel asthetic is beautiful. The water in particular looks amazing. As you unlock more things around the lands, the beauty keeps growing.The music is wonderful. It sooths you during quiet days. It makes your heart pound when danger is approaching. If you pay attention, there are cues that tell you what is further ahead.New Lands isn't the type of game I usually play, but it has me hooked. Give it a try. The refund option is always available should it not suit your taste."
76561198027596122,Recommended,496300,32826842,Posted: 26 June,all,Archmago,"I am writing this review because I came here to check if there are any new expansions to this fantastic game.And then I was shocked to see several negative reviews by people who played this game for 0 to 10 hours and then giving this game a negative review because they do not understand the game mechanics.That is like your wife telling you that your favourite sport is boring when she obviously doesn't understand anything about the game. It's like saying a car is stupid because you do not know how to drive it.This game may not be for everyone.But if you like rogue-like games, replayability, strategy, tactics, finding out slowly how mechanics work out and then making more progress each time you play, then you will be highly rewarded by a deep strategy game that can be played with only three arrow-keys. Go ahead."
76561198200297245,Recommended,496300,33992024,Posted: 3 August,all,queenofwesteros,"i've played the original for 27 hours & new lands for nearly 60 & have all the achievements there. i love this game, it's fun & relaxing, i just wish you could do more & i don't like the endless winter, since you can't do anything other than defend your castle. i get that it's supposed to be hard, but different seasons with different pros/cons would be way more fun in my opinion."
76561197997819311,Not Recommended,496300,30434848,Posted: 10 March,all,planescaped,"It's strange. It's like you keep expecting the game to become a ton of fun, but it just always teeters on the edge of being mundane.Kingdom feels like a great foundation for a fun game. But that's the problem, it's just the foundation. The whole game feels like rising action that never reaches a climax. Still, it's fun for a bit. Go ahead if it's on sale and you're bored. But even then... I dunno. It's worse in a way that it is so mundane. Because there could have been a great game here with a bit more work."
,Recommended,496300,26478875,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Karma,"Pros+ Nice art-style+ Devs Listened+ More beautiful music+ More contentCons- On Island 4/5 camps may be behind portals- May get stale doing same thingThe dev's listened to the community from the first game and added in new mounts and pieces for us to unlock after completing each island. Allowing a reason to replay the game other than just achievements.The archers/builders can run now meaning they are less screwed by the Greeds which I am very thankful for.However after the 3rd island, players may get bored because they may be doing the same thing, however because of the new mounts and such, you can actually challenge yourself to play a different way.Such as- How long you can last with one wall on each end- No tower building- No destroying the woods- Using the bear mount only- No farmers used- Recruit only 3 people max-per day?Many ways to challenge yourself in this game. See how long you can last winter or maybe which wave you can last up to Maybe even try to only build on a certain odd/even day to make it a bit more challenging and spruce up what you were doing before.I myself still like to go back and play to see what else I can unlock or what I can do different to beat my score of which day I escaped which island. Those who loved the original will love this one. Give it a go and try to challenge yourself.My only issue with this game really is the fact clicking off the game makes it pause. I do not like games that do that specially when they have their own pause menu. It makes certain nights boring just waiting for it to be over so I can go do something on the side I have left or at all really."
76561197969035830,Not Recommended,496300,34478863,Posted: 25 August,all,Mindblighter,"A beautiful looking and sounding game with excellent atmosphere that is let down by a lack of depth and control in gameplay and being at the mercy of a suidical AI of your servants and map layouts by our lord and saviour, RNGeesus. Extremely repetitive.+Visually very pleasing if you're into pixel art. The water effect alone is worth praising+A very diverse feeling soundtrack that seems to never annoy or get old+The basic concept of the game is very appealing to me...-...but it seems half-cooked when so much is left to RNG and not being able to directly influence almost anything important like troop positioning-Much of the game is spent just repeating the exact same running around after a few measly coins and a couple of recruits over and over day after day-Random map layouts make difficulty vary from easy to (nigh?) impossible-Servant AI is absolutely horrible at prioritizing things and is often downright suicidal when monsters appear-No real sense of progress from level to level. You can carry over some servants from your last map but if you get a 'bad' map, you'll just have to restart from that level with nothing or start from an earlier level, tediously complete it and then go the level where your luck failed in the hopes of getting a better map.-The game explains itself very poorly as the tutorial is quite limited and none of the building or upgrade options have any explanations regarding what they are or what they do, only a price tag-Customizing your appearance by inputing keywords is extremely clumsy and seems like something that would have been fairly trivial to implement with an actual GUI considering the small number of attributes available-Oddly long startup time for a new game with ads from the devs other games"
,Recommended,496300,29697010,Posted: 4 February,all,DarklordMogrithe,"Kingdom: New Lands is a great improvement from the original Kingdom game on Steam. The minimalistic control scheme of the game may seem like a con, but it is why the game is so interesting. New Lands adds multiple islands that can be sailed to after constructing a very expensive boat. The difficulty increases drastically on each new land, but you get sort of a New Game+ when you start, getting to keep as many coins and citizens as you can fit on the boat. This makes replay value much better, but also makes death more punishing.If you for some reason are interested in the older variant, a copy of Kingdom: Classic comes included with the purchase."
,Recommended,496300,30813021,Posted: 29 March,all,Alessondria,"After watching the trailer I knew I wanted this. Kingdom: New Lands did not disapoint!The graphics are charming and the gameplay consists of WASD (or arrow key) and ESC but there's a lot to learn here. This is a permadeath game however its not about combat. Rather its about defense, management, expanding, adapting and strategy! Every game I play I learn to play a little better and I do better!Beyond those points its very artistc. Yes, pixel graphics can be beatiful. This is a very unique game and completely recomend it if you like the trailer. I give this title a solid 5/5"
76561198120416269,Recommended,496300,24900446,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Smuc Muck,"The original 'Kingdom' wasnt really worth 10$, but with New Lands, the price tag is now justified even if it's 5$ extra. Good game"
76561197994105655,Recommended,496300,24885748,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,steakman1971,"I played the original Kingdom game - really enjoyed the game.  It does eventually get repetitive, but isn't this true for any game?I would have paid for this update - this could have been a DLC.  The seasons are beautfil and have deadly consquences - winter means no bunnies=no gold.  Deer become scarce.  Plus, as the game progresses it becomes increasingly difficult.Some of the new monsters are wicked cool.  The fat blob that pukes up monsters - nice.I like the ghost for the tutorial - more fitting than what the original version had.I'm still on the first island.  I played last night for a solid 3-4 hours.  It felt good to be back in Kingdom!If you've never played before, except a game you might play for a few weeks.  Read other reviews - the game is not for everyone.  Some will think its tedious.  Some people hate the pixel graphics.  I find them mesmerizing - this is gorgeous art and fantastic parallax scrolling.  It reminds me of my Commodore Amiga days..."
,Recommended,496300,24805235,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,donovan51,"I started a small camp of hobos, This will be my gang!other gang doesnt like me moving into their territory..Savages all of them, start attacking in heavier force!need more capital to hold off rivals, can only do one thing!I have the lower tier hobos start working the poppy fields,soon they will be back, I pray that we can hold them off."
76561198133885944,Recommended,496300,24797084,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Sir.Cactus,"Kingdom: New Lands is a great improvment over Kingdom:Classic, it adds more elements and challenges for the player to overcome. If you loved Classic then its guaranteed that you will like New Lands."
76561198163495878,Recommended,496300,24804920,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,DEngineerer,"This game and its predecesor (The original Kingdom) are both well worth playing.Pros:Repayability,as it takes effort to play this game, each session is guarenteed to take time. So even if you have 'beaten' the game once before, the next time around will be just as fun as the first (and maybe just as long).Simple and easy to get the hang of,this game is easy to understand after one or two sessions or short games of it, but is challenging. So understading the mechanics of the game and how to play it is easy but trying to beat it or beat your last record is a definate challenge.Pleasant to look at,this game is well made, and the art and soundtrack are as well. Its playable art if pixel art or retro looking gmes are your style.Big friendly and active community,there is a fairly large community for this game so FAQs and guides are sure to be found very soon.Cons:Price,I would argue that it is worth every penny, but that is unfair to those that have never played the game or cannot afford it. So, in my opinion, it is fairly priced just on the higher side. So wait for a sale or just get it now, it is unfortunate when the price of a game limits its audience but great things may come at great cost.Current lack of a wiki or in depth tutorial/guide,many of the characters, structures, and other mystical things that you may encounter in playing this game you may not understand or know where to find them. This is a problem that is likely soon to be fixed, as the community for this game is large and active and working hard to make a full guide.note:I know this somewhat contradics stuff that I said before that, so let me explain just so you don't get confused: the concepts, controlls, and way of playing the game are simple to understand and figure out but certain interactions or efects some objects and things may have are harder to figure out or find out, and thus can make the game frustrating at times.This game in new and may have glitches or things that will need to be fixed,this is true of all new games, I don't find it to be that much of a problem and I havent yet encountered any bugs. I hope you don't see this as a huge issue either (I just needed a third con to balance it out :P).Overall this game is great and i highly reccomend it if you enjoy an interesting twist on a 'tower defence' and exploration game."
,Recommended,496300,24933501,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Liam,"Kingdom: New Lands is an amazing updated version of the original Kingdom; Kingdom: NL is amazing. This small, almost quaint indie game really is fun for the fair price of £10.99. the game is massive compared to the original content in Kingdom, I'm going to give you a short run down of how great this game is.(tl;dr at the bottom)The game is fairly simple in almost all gameplay aspects, you make money, you spend the money and progress to the next island. I won't lie, when I got Kingdom I didn't like the look of the graphics that much, I got the game regardless, though they may look not look like the best, they fit with the game and it fits well with the theme of the game, which is survival and progression. The jist of the game is that you fight enemies called ""Greed"" which will attack you at night, you build up during the day by making money and recruiting new people into your Kingdom, assigning them jobs such as archer and builder, surviving and then leaving the island to expand your kingdom into the next island. You might be thinking ""Does the game just rinse and repeat? What do I do when I get to these other islands?"" Every time you leave the island, or lose the game on that island you'll unlock a new thing to explore and figure out what it does. There are a lot of guides that will help you if you get Kingdom: NL so if you ever get stuck on something, check the guides.The mechanics in this game are simple, and after a solid 30 minutes to an hour you'll get a good idea as to what to do, I don't want to bore you as to what to do, put simply, you gain money, you spend the money to gain money, you survive and explore. I want you guys to figure it out and enjoy the game as it's meant to be, explore the game and enjoy it! I didn't want to spoil the game for you guys so I have to make this review seem very ""basic"", sorry.TL;DR7.5/10 The game is fun and when you start, it's hard to stop. You'll either love it to death and play it quite a lot, or do a lot of long games and then get frustrated at it, but overall it's a good game that you'll be able to put a solid amount of time into it.Kingdom: NL is a good Indie gameIt's a fairly cheap game (I paid for the original Kingdom, this is an updated version of Kingdom, I got it for free)A fun and addicting game, even if you lose you can be rewarded.This game isn't hard to learn, you'll get the jist of it fairly quickly, and if you don't there is guides.The graphics aren't half bad, to each their own. If you don't like the graphics I still recommend it."
,Recommended,496300,31102415,Posted: 12 April,all,heretic,"Wow... got this in the recent sale - totally worth it!I don't usually play games for more than 1 or 2 hours at a time but picked this up and did not stop for 3+ hours!Very chilled out and nice game, doesn't tell you much you have to figure out some of it yourself.Died twice, first time I hadn't prepared well for winter but second time was a shame went off too deep in the forest and had a bit of a WTF moment as I got swarmed...Still, there seems to be quite a lot more content so will keep exploring.Again, totally worth the price!"
76561198045756757,Recommended,496300,28705431,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,CAHOOTS,"Build. Expand. Defend. Oh, and watch everything you love crumble before your eyes.When you spawn into your first land as part of the tutorial, you are a solitary king on horseback. As you ride past the massive stone letters introducing Kingdom, they splinter and collapse. The withered ghost of your predecessor leads you to a small hoard of treasure, an extinguished campfire, and a handful of unemployed vagrants in the middle of a forest, and as King, you wield the power of money to set the vagrants to work building your empire.Kingdom is a resource management game in a gorgeous low-res sidescrolling format. You don't get the coins unless you run over to pick them up, giving a very personal feel to the dryness of many management games. And those coins will be needed to build defenses against nightly raid by Greed Trolls, an army of little gremlins who will steal your coins and equipment by night. For all the joy of expansion and natural beauty, there's an equivalent horror at the constant decay of your walls, men, and gear as the attacks grow stronger and stronger with the passing days. If the trolls should knock to the crown from your head -- ""No crown, no king.""Kingdom quietly dances a fine line between total serenity and creeping terror. Sure, the one-button interface has the peasants doing most of your work for you -- but you must carefully manage your horse's stamina as you run back and forth across the countryside. Amassing coins is easy. So is watching all your ivnestments melt away the night of a bad raid. The end-goal of rebuilding a shipwreck and sailing away devolves from noble ambition to desperate escape...Will you be able to keep your crown?"
76561198015522135,Recommended,496300,28531474,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Djinnx,"The game is lovely. Simple concept, ideal to chill out, great sound and graphics. The game gets repetitive but producers counter it by adding more details with every patch. I highly recommend this game, especially if you are stressed out. (Watch out it is highly addictive!)"
,Recommended,496300,25845250,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Fellvoid,"This all comes from someone who rarely enjoys strategy games, as I find them too steep to dive into. Sure, I've played my StarCrafts and WarCrafts, and Red Alerts, mostly for lore and fun custom games, but I've never actually felt good while playing them. A constant hope for survival gripped at my throat, knowing I had the odds against me, because there were far too many things to keep track of and I felt overwhelmed.Kingdom is the first strategy game that makes me feel knowledgable. It's learning curve is intriguing, in the sense that I constantly felt interested when I was figuring out how things worked. It took me around 5-6 hours to find out most things, but I never felt frustrated during that period. I found joy.The game is also rich in beautiful, serene moments of clarity, giving you the peace to figure out your next move. But you best use that time wisely, as often one mistake can cost you lots of progress. Sometimes, even everything. But that's the beauty of it - it's your fault, you know why and what you did. You learn from that mistake, and next time - you conquer further and further, until there is peace. For a time (that's where this wonderfull expansion comes in).All during this - wonderful pixel graphics and superb music are your company, and on this new quest - a journey is ahead of you. And it tests all you've learned in the game; how far are you capable of going? How much stress are you able to manage? Too much? Never fear, you can always start anew and enjoy yourself, because now you are stronger. And next time - you will go to new lands and meet new challanges.And all this is superbly executed, with minor problems here and there. For instance, one of the few things that always bugged me is how the catapults are prioritized by workers, still moving slowly as ever, which can cost you the game at certain points, or how some things aren't that clearly hinted at, or how there is a very real chance of a map location generating, which simply offers no possible solution to beat the game in. Then there are still some technicalities worth cleaning, like torches on towers lighting up as reflections before they actually light up on the tower. But none of these ever stopped me from enjoying everything else, because it's more than enough.Thank you to the team who made this amazing game. Certainly one of the best games this year - Kingdom is a must play. Might not be for everyone, but it's guaranteed that you will appreciate your time with it.Overall: A superb addition to a great and fresh strategy game."
76561198139919603,Recommended,496300,24911320,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Abaddon,Pretty nice indie game.+Nice graphics+Relaxing gameplay+Cheap+Easy to play9/10
76561198129181638,Recommended,496300,29626372,Posted: 1 February,all,ArchaonEverchosen,"One of my favorite indie games of all time right next to FTL, should have recommended sooner this game deserves it. If you havent tried this game yet please do, theres a refund option for a reason now and i doubt you will need it."
,Recommended,496300,31620122,Posted: 8 May,all,Preyhamster,Throw Money at Your Problems: The Game.
,Recommended,496300,34804177,Posted: 7 September,all,Mikeliosus,"I can say a lot of great things about this game.This game impressed me so much, that I can recommend everyone to play it. It is WORTH your attention.I even persuaded one of my friends to buy a copy and bought a gift copy for another.After feeling the atmosphere of this game I really want others to have such a great experience as well.10/10But let's talk about the reasons which made me love this game:- ArtAll art elements of the game including animations and effects are awesome. Thanks to the tons of little pleasant animations the game world feels really alive.- Music and soundsSoundtacks are so beautiful and restful that you will never get bored of them during the game. Even when I played for 10+ hours I enjoyed the soundtracks.Memories about the atmosphere of this game makes me really love the soundtracks and I continue listening them even after I completed every single achievement.- GameplayGameplay based on a pretty simple mechanic from the first glance. But a great balance of this game and a deep game world make this mechanic feels awesome all together.""Easy to play, hard to master."" This game also follows this golden rule.I love that the game not push me into the information how should I do something. To discover sense of any action I need to try it and check the results. No tutorials, it is fantastic.I recommend you to not read anything about the game on web and fully discover it by yourself. Study of the game world is a part of it's gameplay and atmosphere.- AtmosphereGreat art, music and gameplay all together form unforgettable atmosphere of this game. This game gives you feeling of the game world and a feeling of responsibility for your actions like a governor.To summarize -Not every little thing in this game done perfect. Something always can be improved, but even if you find any of this small things they will not spoil your expeience.Thanks a lot for the developers of this mastepiece. If they will release any other projects I will be happy to check them out."
,Recommended,496300,30033742,Posted: 19 February,all,Giraffe Cat,"At its heart a tower defense game, a lot of what makes Kingdom special is in the way it obfuscates its mechanics. As you expand there are exciting new things to spend your resources on, but inevitably the best way to use them isn't clear at first, so your resources will probably be wasted. Progress comes through failure, however, through noticing things you did wrong and getting them right next time. All the while, you're moving back and forth through a beautiful and strange landscape, which itself reflects how you're doing."
,Not Recommended,496300,31227343,Posted: 18 April,all,Above,"I was having a good time, playing the game and slowly learning the mechanics until it slowly started to move towards frustrating. The main ""difficulty"" in Kingdom: New Lands is that it's a race against the clock. The downside to this is that it doesn't outright tell you, and lets you keep going after you've gone past the time. Winter comes, and slowly erodes your economy and wittles away your resources. This would have been fine, if, especially for a newer player, it wouldn't be so easy to keep playing a doomed run for several hours before realizing you're not supposed to survive this.Browsing the Steam user forums, I found out the developer made statements saying winter is supposed to end your run. I don't mind perma-death mechanics. But I do mind a game requiring lots of restarts dooming you without you knowing and letting you continue that way for several hours. There's one thing in not telling players information and letting them learn for themselves, but being entirely obtuse to the point you can't know about this with just in-game information is absurd. Even if the run is supposed to end at winter as a state of failure, the game doesn't communicate this in any meaningful way to a point people struggled their way to keep playing through it anyway, despite it being entirely against the function of the game.I dunno, after struggling through one winter I'm just soured on a game treating me like this entirely. Most of my favorite games on Steam have perma-death and require you to experience things to understand the concept fully, so that in itself is not a problem. But they also function as intended, and I don't get the feeling this game does that."
,Recommended,496300,25407882,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Eloweasel,"Kingdom: New Lands is a fantastic game that looks like a five minute time-killer at first glance. Don't be fooled.A ""sequel/cross-quel"" to the original Kingdom game, New Lands delivers a stunning amount of new content, while carrying over the essence of the original game. Would I say buy both? Of course, it's not like playing on easy and hard mode, it's like playing Solitaire and Free Cell, same-same, but different.I am a huge fan of New Lands, having recieved it for free after playing the original Kingdom from early on, and I was initially surprised to see a new game in my library, then I was stunned by the amount of new content, and how fantastic it was.One of the best parts of this game is how much the developers take player feedback and suggestions into account. If you'd like to see something in the game, put it up on the discussion boards, the developers ACTUALLY LISTEN TO PLAYERS - it's like finding a unicorn (which you can actually do in this game btw.).Like its predecessor, Kingdom: New Lands doesn't hold your hand. It gives you little tips along the way, but largely, you're left to figure out what to do on your own, and what strategy works best for you. There is a fantastic guide in the community page which is essentially like the Kingdom Bible -https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=740733723Highly recommend giving this a read if you're stumped, heck just give it a read even if you think you have it down pat! Definitely recommend for old Kingdom players who are trying to figure out all the new things!Overall, Kingdom: New Lands is a fantastic successor to the original game (which you should also still play and buy btw), I've already racked up a ton of hours on this, and the new features are fantastic (all hail the Hermit of Baking omg.). I cannot thank the humble developers enough for all their hard work, and for actually communicating with the community and letting the players suggest new features and whatnot."
76561198027954343,Recommended,496300,33590546,Posted: 16 July,all,ChefOrc,"This is one of those games that manage to feel poetic, beautiful, and touching, while actually offering really interesting gameplay. In itself, this makes it 100% worth playing.The game is also impressive in its gameplay simplicity and elegance. You can actually perform only 3 inputs in this game: go left, go right, and throw a coin. How can this lead to a real-time strategy challenge, you ask? Well, you activate specialized workers and militia men by giving them coins, you upgrade buildings and defenses by investing coins, and you make sure to be at the right place at the right time to manage the two fronts of your kingdom and get intel on what to do next. Brilliant design work, really.Now, replayability is not one of Kingdom's strong points. But that's ok. You can just play a few maps and spend maybe 5-10 hours in its world. It will have shared with you a whole new strategy experience, while sweeping you in the character's personal journey through hope, beauty and melancholy.Definitely worth 15$."
,Recommended,496300,34026340,Posted: 4 August,all,[RR] bazkie de boer,"This game manages to combine easygoing input (just 1/2 buttons + directional input) with some nice strategic depth. Other big plusses are the immersive atmosphere, the music/audio, and the way in which all the gameplay elements combine perfectly.I always play this game if I don't really feel like doing anything else, because somehow it's always challenging enough, without being too complex.Also, +1 for the original concept of being an RTS that you control through an ingame character. I know very few games similar to this!"
,Recommended,496300,24798613,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Helen Keller,This game plus the original Kingdom is the most enjoyable addicting game i have ever played. The soundtrack is absolutely amazing as are the visuals. Everything is pleasing to look at. I reccomend this game to anyone
,Recommended,496300,25287221,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Gert uit Friesland,"I didn't get very far yet but damn, this game is really addicting.It's simple to learn but hard to do right unless you read guides (please don't, just learn from doing it).This game is worth the price.(not to mention the amazing devs giving this free for owners of their previous versions)"
,Recommended,496300,25207944,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,newagebegins,"I've had fun times playing Kingdom: New Lands. I explored and learned the basics, got some victories and defeats, devised strategies and tried to implement them. The game looks simple but is surprisingly deep. Music is great and pixelated graphics is heart-warming. One minor inconvenience is that it's almost impossible to figure some things out without using forums and guides."
,Recommended,496300,24804396,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ae_,"Great improvement over the original. The new mechanics add clear goals, and the difficulty increase is more gradual. Fun minimal citybuilding and defense game."
76561198043843104,Recommended,496300,29170198,Posted: 10 January,all,accatac,"A lot of fun!I suggest reading a guide on how the different parts of the game work, otherwise its a lot of trial and error."
,Recommended,496300,24914123,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,bomberman1117,I love this game. It fixes everything I didn't like about the original Kingdom. I do have one complaint though: I have about 15 archers just sitting around on my castle and 11 open spaces on my towers. There aren't any animals around to hunt so there's no reason for them to not be in their tower. Hopefully it gets fixed.
,Recommended,496300,25266665,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Xue-tenantSHEEP,"This game whilst feels simple, is actually very fun. It envolves running around on a horse managing a camp to turn it into a city by paying people and collecting taxes.Buy it, you'll have fun. Can also be played on a tablet!"
,Recommended,496300,24799868,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,/Trap,"Okey, so Kingdom: Classic was already a 10/10 game. But with this new update... pooping unicorns? bears? winter? It's... world's best RTS ever, If you're a fan of age of empires then you probbably like this game too. Pretty sure that the creators of this game sold their souls to the devil. With this new update it's 11/10. Easily the best indy ever. Though i'm quite a noob and i die. allot."
76561197973833701,Recommended,496300,26395649,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,baudot,This little game was one of my favorite new releases of the last year. A tasty little indie that's alternately exciting and relaxing to play.
,Recommended,496300,33168580,Posted: 2 July,all,Spin_Echo,"One of the most beautiful and relaxing games I've played in a long time. I cannot get over how delightfully charming this game is. The pixel graphics are just stunning, and the music and ambient sounds really add a lot to the atmosphere. I downloaded this game onto my old laptop that I took on a camping trip.  When I got home the first thing I did was buy a copy for my little niece and nephew. It is easy enough for kids to play, but as an adult I really enjoyed it, and I'm sure you will too! Kingdom is simple, fun and very well executed. There is a bit of trial and error the first few playthroughs but once you get the hang of it and find the right balance, you will see your kingdom flourish. Give this game a try, it is not that expensive and definitely worth a few relaxing playthroughs."
76561198144006333,Recommended,496300,24804423,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Jager,Tax man simulator.10.5/10Get this now.
76561197970307004,Not Recommended,496300,28648115,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,vélo,"Don't get me wrong: It's a fun game. But it feels bugged. At least it's not balanced very well - it seems impossible to progress beyond the second mission. I get that it's a resource management game, but it feels stupidly unfair at some times, as you're not able to reallocate your troops to the other side of the screen, as the guy with the donkey gets stuck, or the seasons don't seem to change anymore, or troops gather on one side for no apparent reason. It's all quite frustrating. And as much as I like the minimalist style - I really wished for a manual."
,Recommended,496300,24797049,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,LordXaras,"Severe performance issues.I have absolutely no clue what is causing this, as a game of this style doesn't seem like the kind to put heavy strain on a gaming computer, but I have some serious problems with this game. In Kingdom: Classic I would have significant periodic lag slowing the game down and making it choppy and unresponsive for periods. I have seen some people complaining about lag in the late game when you may have hundreds of archers, but I never had any problem with that - my lag spikes come seemingly at random.In New Lands it's much much worse. Instead of getting choppy every once in a while, which I could deal with, New Lands will completely freeze for up to 10 seconds, then return to be playable but extremely choppy and with no sound until you hit ESC and load the menu. This will happen with only a few minutes between freezes. It's so bad I had to stop before the first day just to write this review, because I have not been able to find any helpful information online and I hope the devs will notice this, because I *REALLY* want to play this game.PS. Apparently Steam won't let you write a review until you've had the game running for more than five minutes, which also tells me I have a whopping 1 minute on record when I started writing this review. It's that debilitating.EDIT: After some troubleshooting and a lot of emails exchanged with the devs, the freezing bug turned out to be a sound device issue. I managed to work around it by disabling every sound device but my headphones. The game still stutters a bit, but it's playable. I'm changing this to Recommended."
76561198011376453,Recommended,496300,24945097,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Zweiv,11/10 I will sacrifice my people for conquering this land again.
76561198004145760,Recommended,496300,25021087,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Avenger8,Good expansion over the original. I like how it has purpose now.
76561198050020408,Recommended,496300,32955408,Posted: 28 June,all,Twain,Simple and pixel heavy and yet has enough content to keep busy for some hours and each playthrough can add a bit of difficulty and change gameplay. Is fairly repetitive since the beginning premise is fairly simple. Worth it in sale at least.
76561198074452358,Recommended,496300,31623162,Posted: 8 May,all,FloBelle,"This is an amazing game with a very unique playstyle and feel to it ...The art and the music are gorgeous and really enhance the immersion.My only complaints are small gameplay annoyances and could be easily fixed in a patch:1. How many do I have of what? Give me NUMBERS !!!In other words, it would be really helpful to see a number somewhere that tells me how many archers, builders, farmers and knights/squires I have at the moment.Also, in what season I am and how long it lasts. Winters seem to never end ... x.x2. CosmeticsI figured out how to change my coat of arms, but a slider to change gender, skin and hair without having to restart would be very much appreciated. Also, more hair colors. I dream of playing a fiery, red-orange haired queen in a white dress atop her stag. Like Diane, the godess of the hunt ...3. A compendiumPlease, add a small ingame compendium giving information to subjects, mounts, natural wonders, special NPCs, etc. as you unlock them. Like a diary of sorts that I fill on my journey as a king/queen. That would be great!And lastly, a slightly bigger topic ...4. Control over my subjects and Deconstruction !!!Why can't I tell my archers where to defend or which side to defend? Once I've cleared the sea side of portals I don't need knights and archers to guard that side. They'd be much more usefull on the big portal side!Also, there has to be a better solution to reassigning farmers in winter instead of them just dumping their scythes into the river (in other words, THROWING AWAY MY MONEY) !!!And why can't I tell my builders to deconstruct something? It doesn't make sense ...Still ... Thank you for making such an awesome game !!!"
76561198255708819,Recommended,496300,28682516,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,sandykerr20,"Kingdom: New Lands is the classic example of ""easy to learn, hard to master"". Even though many of the concepts in the game are simple, it takes a lot of skill to build a successful settlement. Very fun and entertaining!"
76561198218653289,Recommended,496300,25057612,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Tjfa,"Kingdom: New Lands is a fantastic expansion for the original game. It maintains all the features and aspects that make the first one an absolute blast and carries it forward into the new edition. The developers have done a great job in making sure that the game is not flooded with new features, but brings enough to the party to make anybody who's played the game before be excited for New Lands.There were many good features (including the stunning aesthetics, the smooth and simple playstyle and the copious amounts of choices to be made) that brought the game to life. It was a very engaging experience and I took responsibility for every single one of my citizens and it felt a true shame when they died.The only thing I could isolate as being a potential issue was the short day cycle which could be a pain at the best of times. This, however, could be overcome by planning ahead in most situations.Overall, I believe that this game is a hidden gem: something that has not been widely exposed but something that feels special. Many hours have already been spent protecting my kingdom from the waves of greed (many more will come, too) and I hope that maybe you'll get the chance to enjoy it just the same."
,Recommended,496300,31975214,Posted: 26 May,all,Yosmer,"This game looks really great, sounds really great, plays really great, sucks time really great, tackles progression really great and is really great."
76561197970522089,Recommended,496300,25692635,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Blantress,"This game is amazing. I just love it. I played the original and fell in love with it at first sight, the soundtrack and the art style was amazing. Not to mention the amazing gameplay! And now with the release of New Lands, I find it even more exiting. This is a must buy for users who like games that are a bit slow pace, and have a repetive gameplay."
76561198044985686,Recommended,496300,30119576,Posted: 23 February,all,Zibywan,"If you're looking for a game that is easy to learn, but hard to master, this is a great option.Kingdom: NL is a minimalist real time, 2-d side scrolling, tower defense, structure building game.You play as a equestrian king/queen attempting to rally an island of humans who have had everything taken from them by shadowy thief-beasts called ""The Greed"".You only have the ability to walk/run left or right, and spend coins you acquire to improve pre-existing structures. These simply controls make the game easy to play, and very intuitive.The game has a surprising amount of depth, however. Learning which structures to improve, when to take action and when to wait, and which units you convert your new recruits into will take most new players several attempts to get the hang of. The end goal being to escape the island you are trapped on in search of a land without The Greed. During your travels, you will find mysterious statues, new mounts to ride, hermits with secret building techniques, and ever increasing difficulty and danger as you move from island to island.The games world is well designed, and though it sports pixel graphics everything is very clean, easy to read, and pleasant to look at. The music and sound bites are enjoyable, and easy to listen to and distinguish from one another.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys learning and applying strategy to overcome a resource management challenge, and doesn't mind occasionally being screwed by the RNG. (Having learned the game, I win about 70-85% of my matches, with the RNG accounting for about half of my defeats.)"
,Recommended,496300,24812906,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Sea Nyan,"I started playing this game before New Lands was available. I loved the concept and the art style, however the game felt as if the idea was never finished. Now that New Lands is here, the game is amazing. Kingdom couldn't have had a better addition to it, even if there are a few issues with it, such as explanations as to what certain things do, or the ability to unque things for construction. These issues can be easily fixed, and other than those and a few others that slipped my mind, nothing is game-breaking or experience-ruining. New Lands has successfully turned the classic verion of Kingdom into a masterpiece of an original game design. I look forwards to seeing more for this game."
76561198264389415,Recommended,496300,25829850,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,smeq,its amazing. just amazing
,Recommended,496300,33150807,Posted: 2 July,all,obiwanchunn,"An excellent time waster game.  Its pretty hard, though.  I installed both Kingdom and New Lands.  You don't need both, New Lands is the same as Kingdom but with more stuff."
,Recommended,496300,24933041,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Yuri (The first Cosmonaut),"The Devs did a great job updating the game, and keeping it interesting for a long time."
,Recommended,496300,32945580,Posted: 28 June,all,Zable,Just one more island... this game is more addictive than cocaine. If you have OCD than this game will give you a raging red one.
,Recommended,496300,29450462,Posted: 23 January,all,✠ The Italian Spaniard ⚜,"Good game, didn't take me long to get a grip on. It is surely one of the more addicting strategy games out there. This game could've easily won the ""Just 5 more minutes"" award, were it nominated. Some things I would like to see in the future would be the ability to have weapons on horseback. Perhaps a crossbow, lance and sword. Maybe some early firearms too, not just for the player but also for the units."
76561198053656072,Not Recommended,496300,31207260,Posted: 17 April,all,Warbeck,"Just my opinion here but there really isn't any reason to play this any more after the first level. It's repetative and doesn't give you much reason to come back. I was drawn in by reviews saying it has hidden depth and lots to work out. After the few hours I've spent playing it I've found out all there is to find.I was surprised at that so I searched around online properly to see if there is depth I missed. Nope- but I could play for lots longer to get a nice mount and have a dog...If you want to play something very mindless and repetative, this is the game for you. If you want a challenge and some development throught the levels steer clear."
76561198043974212,Recommended,496300,24944629,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Blind Beard the Pirate,Better then Clash of Clans.
,Recommended,496300,25528545,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,PooNanners,"Best game I've ever played.  The music, the visuals, the sound FX, the gameplay, everything is top notch.  This thing is a real work of art.  I get emotional describing this game to people.  I love it."
76561198067244048,Recommended,496300,24963151,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Hornetz,You can ride a unicorn that eats grass and poops out gold.10/10.
,Not Recommended,496300,25960991,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,The God Ghetto Holy,"Something feels very shallow about this game. It has some difficulty but the strategy of it is lacking. You can only make three defense units, and two of them are limited to a point there is no choice but to get as many units as you can as fast as you can. Maybe that's the challenge of it, but it feels incomplete. THe lack of real choice during play makes play slightly boring.That said, I think there is potential somewhere in this game, but I doubt the developers are looking to expand on what it is.Pros+Beautiful Pixel Art+Great thematic experience+ChallengingCons-Shallow-RepetitiveI wish there was a neutral option, but I gotta thumbs up or down, so I have to go with down for now."
76561198381262774,Not Recommended,496300,31573201,Posted: 5 May,all,seanpergola,"It's fun, until it's not.First off, the game explains almost nothing to you. I understand that learning as you go has its own charm, but it is to the point of ridiculousness. You will almost definitely not be able to play unless you look the game up.My main complaint is how the game ramps up the difficulty. It gets to the point where it is not at all enjoyable, and can be pretty much impossible. Most of the enemies run away when the day comes, which is good. That means if you screw up, you have a chance to regroup. Until you hit the massive spawners. These guys have crazy amounts of HP, punch through walls easily, and survive during the day while creating hordes of enemies. Basically, if you aren't prepared for it, you're dead. It is somewhat manageable until multiple spawn at once, completely obliterating your defence piece by piece while you sit there and watch as your carefully micromanaged world goes up in flames with nothing you can do about it. And then you die, and you have to start your world over, and you think to yourself, ""Do I really want to do this? Am I having fun?"" And the answer, I can guarentee you, is no. The game ropes you in and doesn't let you think how about how tedious it is until you realize ""Wow, I wasted 20 hours on this and the only thing I can do in retaliation is write a whiny Steam review."" So here I am.I do really like the music and art style though. So... there's that."
76561198008389361,Recommended,496300,24799729,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mr. Finn,The bottleneck in cash flow is just way to severe. Every game is exactly the same and it just reaches a point where I can't progress further because I don't have the money to fix everything that gets broken after the first blood moon.
76561198097423754,Recommended,496300,27263936,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Firetreeee,Great game with beautiful artwork
76561197977376242,Recommended,496300,29258484,Posted: 14 January,all,ZERO,"You're a king dropped in a random spot by yourself, with a few coins to your name.  How you allocate and how well you accrue more coins in the game is entirely up to you.  You can spend the coin on your fortress, building walls and archer towers.  You can spend it hiring lots of people, choosing to have more builders, archers, farmers, and eventually knights. You can upgrade towers, tear down trees, make more walls, build farms, ballistas, or even ships.  All of this is done with the simple goal of expanding and eventually defeating the bad guys who portal in from both sides of your kingdom.  The enemies progressively grow stronger and more in number and the bigger your kingdom becomes the longer it can take to traverse it.  Like other rogue-likes, the game is based on RNG and has permadeath.  Money can be hard to come buy and you have to be careful on what you spend it on.  One second you can be be very satisfied with the kingdom you've built yourself only to come under a full attack that completely wipes out a side of your base the other.  How well you recover before the enemies return and how fast and efficiently you can expand and destroy the portals is a big part of the end game.Very addicting and can certainly be punishing after putting in an hour building a great kingdom just to see it all fall apart at the last minute."
76561198164572531,Recommended,496300,29747863,Posted: 6 February,all,CODEwater208,"Can play this on a laptop no problem, Art style is amazing. Easy to play, only keys are ASD and mouse. Addicting strategy, even better than original kingdom. And above all a 14.99 price tag. Highly recommended"
,Recommended,496300,31101327,Posted: 12 April,all,The OVERLORD,"Worth it when on sale, fun for a night, but the freedom to keep expanding is an illusion. Winter in the game comes after a certain number of days, forcing you to go to another island, otherwise you lose. Great concept though."
76561198247346210,Recommended,496300,25443940,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Ehstopit,this is a great game and it is amazing that they upgraded the game for FREE. They also added a ton of new features to the game which makes the game even better.
,Recommended,496300,25064960,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Chinese Mike,"Kingdom: New Lands is one of those games in which you play the game, lose, learn somethng new, and start over. It took me about 15 hours to get a playthrough to completion. Once you learn the game, there's not much variation between playthroughs, so there's not too much longetivity to the game."
76561198008414638,Recommended,496300,26374324,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ricardo,"Fantastic way to spend a few hours. Beautiful art and music. Relaxing pace. Great game for parents because it won't demand all of your free time.The less you know, the more you will enjoy so try to avoid spoilers."
76561198117367651,Recommended,496300,33329829,Posted: 6 July,all,joe,Great if you like pixel games
,Recommended,496300,33084558,Posted: 1 July,all,wynwnata,What a beautiful game <3
76561198108578648,Recommended,496300,31390267,Posted: 27 April,all,Ramon Film Productions,"Kingdom:New Lands is a simple yet a challenging game. ,So relaxing in day time you feel so good but time is really important you have to do everything in day time because in night the challange starts. Monsters come from a portal far away from your kingdom and you have to defend your kingdom obviously. You lose when you lose your crown and thats it don't let monster touch you cuz they will steal your crown and all your hard work is gone in a second. But thats the fun part you learn from your mistakes and start a new one and again and again, this makes Kingdom a great experience for all."
76561198207887031,Recommended,496300,25482203,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,RedNinja,"Massive green purple things, Unicorns, a bear, horses, a dog, archers who only have pony tails, ballistas, bob the builder and of course the random person who collects money in a shed for us :3 10/10 will play forever + free if you bought the original game."
,Recommended,496300,31351298,Posted: 24 April,all,Zomberry,this game is amazing if you're looking for something simple in gameplay but more dificult to beat. wonderful for passing time or just looking at nice sunsets before your town burns down. ;)
,Recommended,496300,31106834,Posted: 12 April,all,da_gamer,"I really like this game, takes me back to happy amiga days, being absorbed in a game with an unexplained learning curve, trying to figure out what to do, every playthrough getting a bit further, graphics and sound are really nice to look at and listen to, I would definitely recommend this game and reading or watching a user guide first."
,Recommended,496300,24806999,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Thinzy[:3],"I got this game for free since I bought the first game so that is such a big bonus.I've played for an hour and already can see what has changed! If you go out far enough there is a shrine, it starts out wooden (wooden age) once you have enough money to upgrade it, it will become a stone shrine (stone age) - so that's a huge feature because now we have to fully upgrade the kingdom in order to proceed to the next age.They've added boats, bears, unicorns, mini bosses and even knights!They've added a merchant that gives you a lot of money for the first 10 days. I don't mind that but others might because without his income you steep back down hill for a few nights.If you lose your crown it goes back to the middle of your kingdom where you have to race the monsters to get it back.Also the soundtrack and pause screen is different and none of the less, better.My score is 8/10, the problems with it is that the beginning feels exactly the same as the last game plus the tutorial is basically the same as well. I know this is an add-on really, but it would've been nice for a different touch at the beginning"
76561198002911983,Recommended,496300,32968950,Posted: 28 June,all,wolfknight904,"Really fun game its hard at times, but if you are not good at getting good then you may want to skip this game."
76561198132473019,Recommended,496300,25488372,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Raiden,What's that? A game where you can bribe the enemy to run away?Sweet I'll do that.later...I just need a couple of coins for a new archer.1 coin short.Stares at screenenemies overrun castle.9/10 would run out of coins again
,Recommended,496300,24802177,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Turnipples,-enters game-likes building walls-gets a bunch of workers-im always right-builds all walls on the right-bloodmoon comes-wonders why nothing came from the right-kingdom falls10/10 would let kingdom fall again because the king is always right
,Not Recommended,496300,25131627,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,noobule,"Aesthetically excellent but outrageously tedious otherwise. I appreciate the attempt to make a game like this with very light one-button mechanics but the ultimate execution is pretty terrible.This is a game of waiting, and long, mindless trips back and forth for hours with little to no reward for the 'effort' put in, and so many of the design decisions that led to this situation feel pointless, or things that were added purely to pad the game out. This is a game of a few, very small decisions at the start of each level (which are almost always the same each time), followed by often an hour or more of little more than waiting for coin generation, and endless marching back and forth across the map to collect those coins and make tiny, unfullfilling upgrades to unexciting pieces of equipment.It's a grand shame that this new version does so little to address these substantially unrewarding mechanics and instead focuses on adding considerable late game content - content that can only be accessed by force-feeding oneself through this game's awful grind.And this is with quite a heavy reliance on uncontrollable AI. It's been improved markedly since the previous version, but this is still a game where your success can hinge terribly on whether your archers feel like hunting deer that day, or which fortifications they may decide to defend. And that's before we even find out whether they'll actually hit any targets today.My play time for this title is quite inflated because a game where you make no decisions and often have nothing to do is good platform for catching up on audiobooks. But then there are so many other, better games that fill that 'undemanding and pleasant' niche without being so throughly unrewarding in the process."
,Recommended,496300,25207776,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Bringer of Jollity,"Maybe a little too expensive for just 5 levels (the devs gotta eat somehow), but still it's money well spent. The pixel art graphics are beautiful and the soundtrack is mesmerising. Gameplay mechanics are simple and well defined. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,496300,24806214,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Tokugawa Ieyasu,"Kingdom: New Lands,Truly a great game to follow up Kingdom through its simplistic approach to a abstract topic.Although I have only played it for a short amount of time I can safely say that it is a game thatanyone could love and play on and on.There are many things I liked about this game, disliked about the game and what it has to offerand so I have come up with a small list of things that caught my eye in the game.Good Points-It pays VERY close attention to details-It follows the previous game but with more defined goals-Easy to pick up-Carefully planned out throughout the game-It's great for more relaxed,casual players-Great artstyle choice-And finally, Who doesn't like a game that you can play with one hand?Needs Improvement-Lacks a full storyline and is mostly bits and pieces (although this may appeal to you)-The artstyle may throw off some people at first glance-Costs a ""bit"" too much for the overall gameplay and experience-Still no multiplayer :(Additional NotesPlease do not mind the terribly horrific pun towards the end."
76561198141510707,Recommended,496300,24801354,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Toaster Turtle,"Hours of content, critical choices, and monstrous bloodbaths!This game is great, the graphics have a certain ambiance to them that really created immersion9/10"
,Recommended,496300,24799854,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Fierce Banana,I have a reason to play the game with the best art in gaming and one of the best soundtracks again 10/10
,Recommended,496300,25449996,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Cashdiddy1,This game is an amazing game for 15$. Not to mention for those who bought the older version who recieved this for free and still kept the old version. The main improvement is a diffuclty curve as in the old version there were 4 portals with 2 on each side which would SURELY overwelhm you on your firs 10 tries if you didnt learn how to play pior. This game makes it much easier to learn the mechanics for new begginers which is a must in a game. Theres also a bunch of new mechanics and additions to make the game much more interesting. And for those who say theres no strategy to this game is completly wrong theres different ways to start off in the game. Theres different late game strategies to win as well as a few more ways to get a large sum of gold each night. Another minor slightly confusing addition i liked in the game is the fact you can decide what your flag and colors will look like which is a thing i always though would be great in this game. For anyone who didnt want to read all of this BUY IT its worth a few thousand plays.
,Recommended,496300,24935609,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,DragoNate,"Just as good as...no wait, BETTER than the orginal Kingdom, Classic version!Super amazing game, lots of new content added. New mounts, new mechanics, new people, new things in the forest.Also great music, as always!If you haven't gotten Kingdom: New Lands, then what are you waiting for?! Get it!I livestreamed Kingdom: New Lands and plan to do more in the future!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBdStZWXZwk"
76561198016880157,Recommended,496300,25537334,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Riik,"Horse Stamina Simulator 2016.In all seriousness, Kingdom is an awesome little game. Graphics and mechanics look simple, but it is a lot of fun. Think of it as a 2D side-scrolling tower-defence-ish village management thingy. The new content in the expansion seems to add further unlockable maps to play on, which adds further depth to the game.Just don't do what I did in the Classic version and throw away a hugely successful long-running save by overtiring your horse and letting yourself get jumped by bandits mere feet away from your absurdly defended fortress."
76561198014027851,Recommended,496300,25571147,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,BadNeighbour,"Strikes a really good balance of being both very challenging and relaxing to play. The aesthetic is very nice and gameplay is incredible simple, but there are still decisions to make and you will lose a few attempts before getting the hang of it.If I had to make a criticism, it's that information about the game can be a bit tricky to come by, and although I like the fact that the tutorial is very quick and basic and out of the way in less than a minute, you can end up not understanding some important mechanics because of it - like the fact your mount can refresh its stamina if you stop and let it eat grass.Overall I got a hell of a lot more hours out of this than I ever expected to (still haven't 100%ed the game and have a bunch of achievements to do if I want to)."
,Recommended,496300,31653391,Posted: 9 May,all,Darkrid,"Honestly this is my favorite game! I kept playing this little game and it turned out a fantastic experience. There are indeed a few bugs but i hope they will fix them, but even with those bugs, i strongly RECOMMEND to try this game out. It might be difficult at first but you get the hang of it fast."
76561198140024627,Recommended,496300,24812515,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,YOUR WORST NIGHTMARE,love the game wish it made the use of the map more clear.
,Recommended,496300,25058777,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,TheDavv,pretty good that they added a goal to this game. Bit repetetive but werry entertaining. Problem is that it is now too easy. Overall props to devs of this game to listening to their audience ;)
,Recommended,496300,25059846,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Glitch,"Awesome game! The original (imo) was awesome, and now this has just blown me away! I'd fully recommend getting it, at the start you may not get what's really happening but I guess that's what the developpers wanted :)"
76561198031809934,Recommended,496300,24936081,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,EliasH,"This version of the game truely brings this game to new hights. Before i saw this game as having little to no replay value, but now i can not wait to play it again. It brings a lot of new things into the game that just makes it more exciting. And the Ai problems have mostly been fixed.I still miss the posibility to move your soldiers after recruting them. they sometimes move in directions that can become game breaking for your playthrough.GL fighting that demon scum."
76561198124033606,Recommended,496300,29094622,Posted: 7 January,all,ShelfCloud,"This game is amazing. Although it has a simple concept, it can captivate me for hours and hours."
76561198013779324,Recommended,496300,29777026,Posted: 7 February,all,Whisperfoot,"I highly recommend this game. It has some of the most beautiful pixel graphics, an amazing soundtrack, and gameplay that is relaxing, challenging, and addicting. You dont actually fight anything in this game, rather you hire peasants and turn them into builders, hunters, and farmers. At night you are attacked by monsters and must defend your camp. During the day you manage your kingdom by earning coins, upgrading things, and exploring the woods. You win by finishing the boat and successfully leaving the island, but that's just the beginning."
,Recommended,496300,25519937,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,jolt,"A king is not judged by how much land he has conquered, or by how large his army is, or how many demons he has slain.No, in these New Lands™, a king is judged by how fast he can get us the ♥♥♥♥ out of here."
76561198262842364,Recommended,496300,24830280,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,r37d,"it is really fun,i would reccomen it to players od undertale and rpg players"
,Recommended,496300,25435996,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Cacti,"PLEASE fix your ai, I was having a great time until all my builders walked outside and died and howcome knights die in 1 hit?"
,Recommended,496300,26807705,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Onestar (Mike),"This game is a prime example of the unnecessary need of complicated mechanics. While the game could use more content to keep it entertaining for a longer time, the initial relaxing experience I got from the game was fantastic and blew me away. The use of pixel art (that water man) was done brilliantly and is an example of pixel art done right. And the overall difficulty of the game was pretty hard given that the sole mechanic of this game is dropping/using coins to build structures and hire troops to defend your base in the center of a 2D map.The big question I think a lot of people have when they play this game though is the ""potential"" it has to be so much more than it already is. And I don't think that's a wrong way to look at this game, I just think that the developers were aiming to make the experience like it is now. This is a game I can take and ask anyone to play, and even with 0 game knowledge they could easily pick it up and have fun building their little kingdom against the creepy yet adorable endless waves of enemies. And that doesn't diminish the strategic value the game has. It gets very hard to defend your kingdom over time, and when winter rolls in, you're in sudden death mode with your only source of income being whatever you saved up in the bank. The overall good strategic elements combined with a super relaxing aesthetic really makes this a quality game for a great price (sales make this game a steal!).There are many games out there this year that would have taken game of the year for me (dark souls 3...) but this game actually takes it for me because it proves that the true love of building video games is what matters the most, and Kingdom: New Lands makes me say ""this is why I love video games""."
,Recommended,496300,29081527,Posted: 7 January,all,doom guy,this game is absolutly AMZING as soon as it had started i was inthralled it cuz caught holdof my breath as i stared at that pixel created world and it was amazing
76561198109049211,Recommended,496300,31319896,Posted: 23 April,all,Sidney Selvidge,Top of the line game.  Captivated me for hours.
,Recommended,496300,31119553,Posted: 13 April,all,Placeable,By Land 4 you'll be bathing in coins!  My king is greedy and as I spill my overfilled bag of coin I still demand more to fill my coffers from my lowly peasant plebs!
,Recommended,496300,25450437,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Kick me after Hug me,"Highly addicting game! The controls are simple and easy, but there are many details and nuances to explore and discover. New Lands has added a lot of new and interesting gameplay to the original Kingdom. I highly recommend both games!"
,Recommended,496300,24810562,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,NekoiNemo,"Basically a good old Kingdom, but with NG+ of sorts (traveling to a New Land), significantly improved AI, difficulty curve that isn't as brutal and dickish as before, and a ton of new mechanics and features.Game was ""received for free"" since i bought the original Kingdom before."
,Recommended,496300,24810685,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,NitoKa,"Kingdom was one of my favorite games from last year. I remember the time I spent learning each of the mechanics and painstakenly dying over and over again just to either find the right map combo or just to try and get the best defenses the earliest. Now when I had heard about two or three months ago about New Lands, I was obviously extremely excited on the subject. It was as if I could get to experience everything all new again. The grinding between early and late game had gotten a bit stale and I had loved to imagine what this would be like, in fact something similar was suggested by me in the early days of the steam discussions on the original game.After playing it and getting past the first island here is my opinion on the game so far. It seemed to me that once I started and saw a few of the changes, the game devs had listened to the complaints of the masses. Yes in fact many things were changed from prices, to how many chests were in the area, to even adding a tax collector that you get your money from. I would say with these changes the game felt different, more... beginner friendly, which was a complaint about the Classic game. Would I say that this ruins the game for people who have been playing for a while? Not at all! Infact with the several new content you can access on this first island, and the interesting way the enemies are placed, it will make you think harder about what to do or what people to get first.Overal since the only new content I've experienced is the first Island I can only give my opinion on that. I'm not that skilled of a player to get that much further! But Kingdom has done it again, it made me fall in love with their new content and I will be a devoted fan of the company that made it. Look forward to patches and your next game guys!I give Kingdom: New Lands a 8/10"
76561198191285057,Recommended,496300,33913368,Posted: 30 July,all,G3tTr!gg3rd,"One of the greatest games I have played.The beauty of it draws your attention, but the music in the background makes it better.All I would ask at this point is for there to be Mods."
,Recommended,496300,33939726,Posted: 31 July,all,WohlfePac,"Hey everyone this is WohlfePac and this is my review of Kingdom: New Lands. First off I want to shout out to my brother who got me hooked on this game. He bought it on Xbox one and I had a blast playing it. So now for the review.Pros: The game is a lot of fun. If you like city builders or kingdom forging then this game is for you. It's not a kingdom vs kingdom game, its more of a start a kingdom from scratch and protect it type of game. The controls are really simple and the 16 bit art style is really awesome. The simplicity of the game is one of the reasons I bought it. You literally use up, left, and right. Super simple. Once you complete an island you move to the next but as you do that the game becomes more and more difficult. It's a very casual style of game and I've caught myself playing for hours without realizing it.Cons: I didn't really find any cons other than there's not much for telling you what you need or what certain things do. Other than that it's really fun and it's definitely worth a buy. I bought my copy during the steam sale so it was only like $4 or something. Anyway that's my review thanks for reading and I'll see you guys next time bye bye!"
,Recommended,496300,33944220,Posted: 1 August,all,Nemorivarex,"*Received it free from the developers, thanks guys!*Compare to the original Kingdom: Nothing Last, this game has many cool updates and slightly different yet still challenging gameplay. The soundtrack also has many new pieces. The in-game changing seasons system is immensely atmospheric and enjoyable, even the difficult winter has its own wonderful melancholy sensation."
,Recommended,496300,25789399,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Flxur,"Absolutely a great game! Dont think i didnt play the game cause of my little hours, i played the other kingdom before it became a full release. Its nice to see all the new things that have been added. A really good game which can entertain you for some hours."
76561198136336463,Recommended,496300,33098876,Posted: 1 July,all,Milky,"This game needs more attention!I absolutely love this game, beautiful pixel-art graphics, amazing soundtrack, and in-depth gameplay that forces you to explore and expand, or die.At it's core, the game is a base-building, tower defense type game, much like the original, Kingdom. However, this game adds more that really makes it worth buying.I would really recommend this one.Edit:Kingdom: Two Crowns was announced recently, and if it is a free dlc that is basaically a new game, much like Kingdom: New Lands, I would recommend this game even more. The dev team are amazing and actually put heart into their well-crafted games, unlike AAA developers who only care about making as much money as possible."
76561198104052985,Recommended,496300,35425847,Posted: 2 October,all,✪NoSoundGGardul,A really fun little indie game.it is pretty repetitive so it's definitely not for everybodyi personally enjoyed it so i recommend you try this game out
,Recommended,496300,24960081,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Forbidden-Frost,"Beautiful Game, if you played the orginal ""Kingdom"" you will love this one.It differs the the first have a ship you can build up and the little Sherpa becomes a daily form of income that you pay for his service as and when you need it. *I love that little touch* on top of that only one side orginally gets attacked one begin with as I'm still currently progressing though the game I have only just yet built and I'm filled with both excitement dread to what can only happen as the game goes on.The monsters seem to be a little tougher than the orginal, and get a little hevier on the attack sooner I think? But the upgrades on the kingdom seem to cost less then they did in the first kingdom. *I,e the farming.* I also like the gradual build of the ship its not just *le poof, built!* and it's not one big slog to build it leading into the evening. I can have them do a section of the building and come back to it at a later point. That's very handy if should the boat be on the side where the goblins attack. *It does shift both sides per new game, one side has the dock one has the goblin portal.My little builder buddies don't become goblin food as often. I haven't come across an bugs and the achievements, most of them are the same as the orginal game which is nice and obviously more as you progress thoughout.Not taxing on a simple Laptop. Genrally a joy to play. It's a little go too game that I will always go back to and never get bored of. Love, love, love."
76561198111844592,Recommended,496300,25744991,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Anime Randoms,"I love this game! Not only do the graphics look great, but the sound is amazing, too. It plays well, and feels very balanced to me. I highly recommend this one!"
,Recommended,496300,26539529,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Skyblue-ZA,Fantastic game. Very addictive and unique gameplay. The difficulty on New Lands feels dialled down from the original title but it it compensates for that with more variety.
,Recommended,496300,25073924,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,FML| 天空龙,It's a very addictive. Easy play. Atmospheric.Kingdom Managing. Workers. Archers. Discovery.Strategi critical thinking..Anyway I don't know how to write a legit review.It's a must play game. So Buy it now and enjoy medivalish survival horrorish game now.XD
76561198201549103,Recommended,496300,26340813,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Ravneet23,Fun game to play!
,Recommended,496300,25421842,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,|Bread|,A very satisfying expansion upon an already well designed game.
,Recommended,496300,24800824,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Midnight Moon™,I LOVE THE NEW LANDS it so AWSOME and cool i love that the fact that i got it free i love the devs but i have some bug reports to make.-http://prntscr.com/c3prjpgot this when the game was puased and then it stopped responding then crashed- archers arms are stuck sometimes in towers and in the boatso far i LOVE it except the issues that im experiencing ive manage to got to the second island right now then the crashed happen alittle into the new island hope i can still run the gameanyway i would like to thank the devs for this AMAZING GAME its even better then the classic one cant wait what new things i will explore on the new island and more
76561198202887071,Recommended,496300,24801218,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,dn.baker,"About half a year ago I bought Kingdom: Classic and fell absolutely in love. It is simplistic yet very hard to beat. I probably lost more than thirty times before finally beating the game. The game is mostly randomly generated so it made for a new experience with every play. Although its mechanics are very easy to get the hang of, the game continuously throws twists and turns at you, making the journey the opposite of a walk in the park. If you are looking for a fun strategy game that does not take your utmost attention, then this game is absolutely for you.I have just started playing New Lands and although it is closely resembling the first game, many new additions to Kingdom have put another spin on the easy-going sidescroller. I would reccomend this game as a absolute must purchase for anyone who likes a relaxing game to play in their spare time.On the side of all of that, the soundtrack is phenominal and the game design is beautiful. This game made me love pixelized games and showed me that a 2D sidescroller can be just as good of a game as a 3D one.The Kingdom series is one of my favorite series of games I have ever played. It is a diamond in the rough.If you are still skeptical of buying this game I reccomend going and watching Markiplier's playthrough of Kingdom: Classic on YouTube.Can you survive the world of Kingdom?"
76561198055130584,Recommended,496300,25060979,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,SuperKingChris,"In the name of the Lord, protect that crown!"
,Not Recommended,496300,31089157,Posted: 11 April,all,Armadeus,"Perma-winter starts 20-30 days in and your economy just dissapears. I have no idea if this is a bug or ""feature"" but it makes the game less of a strategy game and more of a rush a build order to beat the island before perma-winter comes and ends it for you."
76561198121636624,Recommended,496300,33357700,Posted: 7 July,all,Tirrene,"If you want to buy this product, you are either curious about the prospect of a sidescrolling RTS or you played the Newgrounds version. If it's the first one, go play it in Newgrounds and then keep reading this. If it's the second one (welcome back, first one-ers), you might be wondering: ""Does this version revamp the gameplay enugh to justify actually PAYING for this?"". The short answer is yes. The long answer: This revamps the gameplay in loads of ways; you can organize crusades to destroy the portals from which monsters spawn (temporarily, at least); you can build catapults; you can get new horses, unicorns, or kommunist bear who rides YOU. Some of the changes actually make the experience more challenging; for example, and this is the main problem with the game (if you even consider it a problem), many of these features aren't explained. You just see a thing and have to figure out what it does. Which is why, I have made a handy dandy beginner's tips list.SPOILERS1. Be careful when chopping down trees. If you don't leave at least 1 tree between your kingdom and a homeless people camp, said camp will disappear; this means that you will eventually lose the ability to get new slaves.2. Find the wooden freemason symbol-thingy and upgrade it. It will be in the woods, and it allows you to upgrade everything else by a lot more.3. Again, be careful when chopping down trees: The mule guy merchant will disappear FOREVER if you cut all the trees between his tent (you will recognize it, it's a tent) and your kingdom.4. The greedling (that's the name of the monsters) portal can only be destroyed temporarily. Just focu on the actual goal of the game, which is...5. You can find a boat in the woods; upgrade it (it is expensive) and you will be able to leave the current island."
76561198066770788,Recommended,496300,33780043,Posted: 24 July,all,Mintus,This game is based on a very simple (and unforgivable) principle. It's all about the learning curve and optimizations. The developers did an amazing job balancing the game out as it is one of the most interesting puzzle games I've ever played (and I've always been addicted to them so I've played a lot of them). I actually found it very inspiring to find such a beautifully simple gem. Thank you very much for the amazing experience you (developers and producers) have taken me through. My brain is better because of you and I've found the experience very rewarding.
,Recommended,496300,25735925,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Aizu,"once you've gotten a hang of it, it's very addictivereached the final island on my first playthrough, but i got slaugtered by the time i destroyed the 2nd portal, LOLfast forward to today, my 2nd playthrough and i've reached the last island again, plus with all of those new things that you get on the maplet's see how long i can last this time!just a little rant tho, i know many peeps have mentioned this but yes, we would like to manage our archers on personal level like how much you want to post them on the left side/right side"
,Recommended,496300,25677137,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Tidus,"Kingdom: New Lands is a simple, yet uniquely fun medieval strategy game. The game mechanics are easy to pick up on and the graphics are very nostalgic. Kingdom: New Lands does indeed have more to offer that the original and I recommend it to any gamer for its simple strategy, pleasant soundtrack and nostalgically pleasing graphics.8/10"
76561198004820719,Recommended,496300,25622347,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Cobal,"got easily addicted to this game. micromanaging a group of idiots who dont know the true meaning or purpose of self preservation is.  the knights ran at the first crack of a wall with their archers, the builders would stay outside the wall waving at me until the greed showed up. then they'd try to run and be eaten. the hermits like their walks in the woods. the greed also enjoy these snacks. newly paid peasents would rather walk then run to safety, spending the day strolling till the enemy comes.  very fun and infuriating at some points. some of my walls were not breached only because the catapult decided to keep fighting while the majority of my guard ran away. i wish a knight with more than 2 coins would engage to defend the walls.but in the end, i loved it; till the ending sequences. i would then realize that i had learned nothing of this world's history or the points of these kingdoms we keep running away from.  the final game is same as the first minus a merchant, longer landmass, and more gates.  the ending is the same as the others save that end credits also play.  after that, i felt empty.  i apparently built a city and left it for no reason other than the enemies keep coming.  i did nothing for this world or the people that live there other than abandon all but the honor gurad who happen to be on the right side of the walls to come with me. everyone else was left to defend a kingdom i willingly abandoned.  and the ending sequence was me doing the same thing. i have no lands for my own. i have no people i watch over. the monsters that are never explained still dominate the land masses.  why is my ruler doing any of this? whats the point of theses kingdoms that do nothing but make a civilzation for less than a year to be torn right back down? i want to know more. i want to understand more. and i want to know why.  now, i probably wont play again unless a story element comes in. i loved playing it, but finding that my continued dedication had no effect on the world made me feel i wasted my time after completing the first couple of islands."
76561198127674654,Recommended,496300,29308302,Posted: 16 January,all,deathknight999,So ar im hooked on this game
76561198049833250,Recommended,496300,29765119,Posted: 7 February,all,Black Babe Killer Payne,This game is like Life is Hard
76561198078236869,Recommended,496300,25863012,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,FiTy,"The artstyle, the gameplay, the music, so unique yet so amazing.10/10"
76561198322785070,Recommended,496300,33471140,Posted: 11 July,all,HBG,very good
,Not Recommended,496300,31120578,Posted: 13 April,all,charliechuckleberry,"Paid $5 for both Classic and New Lands.  I suspect a lot of people recieved this game for free.I still feel it wasn't worth the money...  The point of the game is figuring out how to abuse the HORRENDOUS AI to the point that nothing makes sense; and until then, you can finally win the game.  I am still perplexed why a developer would be so lazy as to not improve the AI of the game at all.  Actually, New Lands did not change anything of the game, to be honest.EDIT: I just found out how most people got this game for free.  Not sure if I'm allowed to link it, but you can easily search it on google if you put a little bit of effort into it.  Humble Bundle also had a free promo for this game.  I'm already passed 2 hours played, otherwise I would get a refund; then get it again for free.  (The high rate of positive reviews most likely is a result of the free game status)"
,Recommended,496300,28140846,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Cinnabar,This is such a claming game. It is simple yet hard at times. This game is so nice and does a great deal with such simple controls. For only 15 U.S.D. is has given me hours of fun. Only downside is that some may find is to much of the same thing after a while.
,Recommended,496300,26897652,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jasod,"Awe, what a cute bunny. ""Hey archer, what are you doing? OH GOD! Wait, bunnies are secret gold machines... KILL THEM ALL!"""
,Not Recommended,496300,28725677,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,AluminumHaste,"You can't win, not in this one.Game was designed to beat you, and make you depressed.Move on to a new island before winter sets in or you're done for. The last time I played, winter set in just after day 6. Had to start over.Even if you get to a new island, you have to move on to another one again. You might last a hundred days, maybe 150. But there's no winning, not in this version of the game.It's still beautiful, and wonderful to play, but I'd stick to the original version, at least you can win in that version."
76561198128792306,Recommended,496300,24803521,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,OG,i just like this type of gamesA i still need to do better though
,Recommended,496300,24797076,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,BondyLox,"Don't know if it's a bug but the builders keep going out at night to basically die, sometimes for no reason and sometimes to do work that they wouldnt do at night at the older version."
76561198313126757,Recommended,496300,30084379,Posted: 21 February,all,joelaranda17,"This game acknowledges all I want in a Medival Survival Pixel Game, its asthetics are very appealing to the eye, the mechanics are very complex and love it, Story would be nice to add, but a kingdom has no story until you have created one for yourself ;) I would recommend this game to every one I meet. The new update is flawless, would wish to have amount of knights be increased again for boat voyage, and would like to see some newer characters in the future, and perhaps some multiplayer with friends? But nontheless Enjoy the game, and would play it over and over again learning from every previous endeavour. Keep Up the great work Raw Fury."
76561198151921166,Not Recommended,496300,31029479,Posted: 8 April,all,alex.vigano,"After playing Kingdom for a while I can see why it gets addicting, BUT, the thrill goes away too quickly here is why:1) Find Recruits, Buy arrows, hammers or material to work the farm. Build a wall. Keep hiring and collecting money. Night comes. Your bowman defend. Day comes and you gotta do the same again and again and again, and that's it. THAT'S IT.2) For the above reason it's not worth the money, WAY too expensive! (In my opinion).3) I'm disappointed. I enjoyed my hours playing the game but I was not suprised by any special event occuring or interesting upgrades or SOMETHING exciting to pop up.Positeves:1) The developers did a hell of a good job on the overall design and character drawing.2) Soundtrack is spot on.3) You get to like the overall atmosphere.Finally,To make this great, in my opinion the developpers should give it more depth, more storyline, more open endedness more everything. Make a new game, nice and heavy in suprising events."
,Not Recommended,496300,28467477,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,seyferseed,"After playing Kindgdom Classic I was confused what good parts people find in this game, I didn't get it.But I tried New Lands and it was funny experience. 1st level I have accomplished quickly.But stuck in the second level. Why?After I have defeated circle (round) portals from the both sides of my castle, every Red Moon night start to be disaster.My castle was totally ruined in 2 waves, all archers, 2 catapults and 4 knights - all die. Why?Because game is unbalanced and stil with bugs.1. First of all I have mentioned that before Red Moon night monsters start treir march toward castle from the middle of the day!!! So, when the moon actually appears in the sky, monsters already behind my walls.2. AI is STILL very very very stupid.- Reapers are not went back home at all at night, they are start running only when monsters near them and this is too late..- Builders sometimes act in the same way outside castle walls...- Armies.. When I had 4 knights, they are wandering with archers from the both sides of the castle. 2 from one side, 2 from another. And after first Red Moon wave, when my right side of the castl was ruined - left side army left at left side.- There no rebalance at all. 2 knights and 5 archers with them became totally useless and die on 2nd RM wave, becase even when I have rebuild right side walls - they are not moved from their side.- And giants. They look cool, but why they are not disappear in the morning like other monsters?One giant stayed in my castle during the day, producing small monsters and killing my people. And they even attacked me. DURING THE DAY.So, i'm very disappointed with this game. It's not ready and not balanced."
76561198281305912,Recommended,496300,30382665,Posted: 7 March,all,111Doctor,10/10 would pay hobos to work until they die again
76561198012302079,Not Recommended,496300,26349913,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,VolumeOne90,"This is the start of a good game...Only 4 units you can get, and only 3 enemies.  Once you start going, it kinda stops, then you just play a waiting game of maintaining.  Good idea though."
,Not Recommended,496300,24867931,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,mvincent17781,"I enjoyed the first island, but realized all too soon that the repitition was too much for me.Enjoyable maybe for like $5-$10, definitely not $15."
76561198068691991,Recommended,496300,25683384,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,adele_delight,"This game is deceptively simple but highly addictive. Beautiful graphics and music, I would highly recommend the game. Certainly worth the price but if unsure watch Jacksepticeye on youtube."
,Recommended,496300,25022120,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,MrCombatGiraffe,"This game is great, love the little banker guy, few different things, not sure if seasons changed before but that is nice. would be interesting if crops didn't grow in the winter. really like the boat and entering a new area. hope there is something more to it then just starting over in a new spot on the map.""pros""Little more replayabilitymore featuresgraphics are slightly enhancedregions to discoverAI might be a little bit enhanced?Little busy atm ill come back and finish this later."
,Recommended,496300,24867315,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,"pretty gay, like pretty pretty","Um. Just buy it, lbr. It's a fantastic time waster and it's perfect just to leave open while watching Netflix or in class or while antsy/anxious. Lovely step up from the original."
76561198274678885,Recommended,496300,32824820,Posted: 26 June,all,abrola,Great game I love the graphics I would reccomend unless you cant handle raging.
76561198201584541,Recommended,496300,25011200,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,loudcloudTD,"the best game i've ever played and I really love the new update.¨edit: I got this game free because i had bought kingdom classic already when this was realesed. I haven't played the game alot on PC but i do play it on the phone alot more. Simply I just wanted to explain that i could have mentioned every part of the game in my review because there is no negative parts of the game in my opinion. Basicly my favorite game from the start, it needs a little bit more attention from devs and the community to become more popular."
76561198100628202,Recommended,496300,33060783,Posted: 30 June,all,deathwatch,Much good
76561198082501903,Recommended,496300,25433750,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,pandathevampireslayer,"Great game! Considering I bought the original and got this version for free, I'm super happy!"
76561198040918164,Not Recommended,496300,25882613,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,mr poopybutthole,"Rating: 6.5 / 10This was a fun little game that I enjoyed playing, however, it's definitely not for everyone.If you like strategy games, building your own little kingdom, and a chill experience then you may just like this game.There are a few downsides. For instance, you're dropped directly into the game to figure it out yourself. Your goal is to create a kingdom in each land, defend that kingdom, and make a boat so you can move onto the next level. There are four levels and it gets harder with each map. Once you play one map, you basically know how to play the next map. There is a wiki that will help you but I wish there were atleast nametags for some units or maybe a story. I played this game for about 5 hours and just stopped playing. I got bored, but I only got to the third level so maybe it gets more exciting.If you're looking for a game with a story, a game with high quality graphics, or a game with depth then don't buy this game."
,Recommended,496300,25601345,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ZUGOC,I recommend it strongly!
76561197993495496,Not Recommended,496300,31523908,Posted: 3 May,all,Farcon,"Winter never ends and that is depressing. Its a poor mechanic too slowly kill you, now matter how good you play. The whole game builds around cycles (day/night), you start to understand the game and then wonder why winter never ends. At that point I decided to quit, after 8 hours you have seen enough of it and progress ends."
76561198278761184,Recommended,496300,29264094,Posted: 14 January,all,Xx_THEBOSS456_xX,you guys should add multiplayer
,Recommended,496300,24814606,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,wololo,"Magnificent, atmospheric and soothing."
76561198196823647,Not Recommended,496300,31488612,Posted: 1 May,all,funk_masta,"What I liked:  the graphics are really something special.  At first glance it just looks like a retro-styled game, but it's much more.  There are a lot of subtle atmospheric things going on as you traverse different parts of your island and as the season, weather, and time of day change.  Light is used well as it plays off of objects and is reflected in the water.But, that's about all I liked, the graphics.What I didn't like:  Everything is just hard to figure out.  It gets repetitive fast.  Permadeath is not great for a game like this in my opinion.  It felt like torture going through the first couple of islands over and over due to permadeath.  Islands (at least the ones I got to) are basically the same."
76561198123309495,Recommended,496300,31268892,Posted: 20 April,all,Choc_Of_Boxlates,"What I like-EverythingWhat I hate-winter-builders and farmers sitting outside wall to be killed every night-not letting me know what banner did ( hint: makes your entire army run to the portal just so they can commit suicide by monster )other than that its a pretty decent game, I like the way it looks, i like the music, and i like 95% of the gameplay, really fun and addicting."
76561198033643827,Recommended,496300,28958970,Posted: 2 January,all,SAMURAI-GIRLS,KINGDOM : NEW LANDSเกมนี้เป็นเกมที่ ตอนแรกคิดว่า แนวสร้างหมู่บ้าน จาก พื้นที่รกร้าง จนเจริญรุ่งเรือง มีความสุข happy ending ฟรุ้งฟริ้ง แต่หารู้ไม่ แนวคิดของเกมนี้ได้แตกต่างจากสิ่งที่คิด อย่างสิ้นเชิง ถึงแม้ว่ามันจะมีการสร้าง สิ่งก่อสร้างก็ตามตัวเกมนั้น ถ้าจะให้อธิบาย เหมือนเป็นเกม tower defense then escape  คือ เราต้องเริ่มสร้างอาณาเขต และขยายอาณาเขต จากพื้นที่รกร้าง อีกทั้ง  ไปไล่เกณฑ์ ชาวบ้านธรรมดา(ที่อยู่กระจัดกระจายตามป่า) ให้มา ทำงานต่างๆ โดยใช้เงินซื้อมา แต่มันไม่ง่ายอย่างงั้น ตัวเกมมี เป้าหมายคือ ให้บริหารทรัพยากรที่มีในเกาะ(เกมจะดำเนินในเกาะ เล่นเป็นเกาะๆไป) ในการ บริหารให้ ตัวเอก( เป็น ราชา/ราชินี) ได้หลบหนีปีศาจกระหายเงิน จากเกาะให้เร็วที่สุด เพราะว่า หากมัวแต่บริหาร ชิลๆ  สภาพแวดล้อม จะเริ่มเข้าสู่หน้าหนาวซึ่ง หนาวไปตลอด สิ่งต่างๆจะแร้นแค้น กดดันไม่ให้เล่นง่ายๆ พูด อีกอย่างคือ บังคับให้เราต้องพา ตัวเอกออกจากเกาะไปเกาะต่อไป โดยตัวเกมจะมีปีศาจ ที่คอยมาโจมตีตอนกลางคืน ตลอด พอรุ่งเช้าก็จะกลับรังไป ...จุดนี้ จึงเป็นจุดที่สร้างความท้าทายให้กับตัวเกมหากใครชอบแนว บริหารจัดการ ก็ลองหา youtube ดูได้ เผื่อการตัดสินใจ ตอนแรกเกมอินดี ไม่คิดว่าจะเล่นแปปๆ พอดูเวลาสักพัก ล่อไป เกือบ 12 ชมละ ใน 2 วัน
76561198042282685,Recommended,496300,26635709,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Caesura,"Charming art style, interesting and flexible ways to play, a tough challenge which provides hours of fun - Highly recommended."
,Recommended,496300,33114852,Posted: 1 July,all,Bastidge Child,Oustanding!
76561198013085392,Not Recommended,496300,31166082,Posted: 15 April,all,Akadosh,"It's a really neat idea and a unique experience that's overall a good, relaxing game. However, I absolutely cannot recommend because the entire thing is overshadowed by the horrendous winter system. Not only does it essentially remove all income (i.e. your ability to play the damn game), but lasts significantly longer than the time inbetween winters.It's a mechanic so obscene that I had to double check that this wasn't still in Early Access. It would be one thing for the winters to be brutal and short, or last as long as they do and just apply some pressure to your income. If you just AFK when winter rolls around, the end result will nearly be the same because youre not allowed to do anything in the meantime anyway.Quite the shame. It was really quite fun up until that point.Second Opinion: I gave the game another chance only to be reminded that it's still a title that never really left Early Access. Even if you just consider winter to be an implicit ""You lose"" screen, the fact is that you have no control over which side your people go to. So hypothetically, if you were to have just cleared the portals from one side and turn all your new recruits into archers, only to watch them all flock to the wrong side and throw the game away at no fault of your own isn't just awful design, it's a bad gameplay experience.Fortunately things like this can be easily added into the game later on, however since the devs are producing content now it suggests that they're not interested in changing that part of the base game."
76561198115923054,Recommended,496300,28966755,Posted: 2 January,all,More Rails,game is good
,Recommended,496300,25420331,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,SKANKSPANKER,everyone of ur problems can literally be solved by throwing money at it
76561198027200246,Recommended,496300,25424928,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Hobo King,"Great Game, very addicting.Multiplayer would be awesome.8/10."
,Recommended,496300,30244240,Posted: 28 February,all,Salem5,"It was a nice upgrade to the first one. propper ressource managment, even some persistency between stages, nice decision making.it still requires some experience or researche to avoid classic trappings, like how archers will always divide to both sides no matter where an atttack comes from, or how tasks and structures too far from your own wall will cause you to ""bleed"" units.But it feels rewarding when you get some real momentum."
76561198356076989,Recommended,496300,29203758,Posted: 12 January,all,nicktour99,the forest
76561198006368299,Not Recommended,496300,26210809,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Nybrat,"I like the art style and at first it's a fun game but it only takes a couple of runs to get the basics down and litterally see everything the game has to offer. After that the game feels very shallow and you don't really feel like playing it again.I would only recommend this game if the price was 5$ or lower.Oh, and waiting for your men to push the boat from one end of the level to the other is just madness..."
76561198016381028,Not Recommended,496300,33536400,Posted: 14 July,all,CorporateSellout™,I can't recommend a game where a staple game mechanic (winter) forces you to just sit in boredom with nothing to do while you slowly wait to die.Hard is fun.Boredom is blasphamy.
,Recommended,496300,27920002,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kobe bryant of ghostfucking,"Love the art, the music, the concept. Good challenge. I could stare at the water all day."
,Recommended,496300,28798632,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dark_Birdie,"Near a fortnight of mine time was spent toiling to secure my rule over the islands. Twas nearly a fortnight wasted on the 15th eve when I shouted to the heavens ""Sard me with a Iron brush, tis a nigh impossible endevour"".Then I won.10/10 time waster would play again when I want to grind achievements"
,Recommended,496300,24822987,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Zzz...,"The game is BEAUTIFUL, 10/10 hands down, BUT...just like to address that the ""builders"" are dumb AF when it comes to building and priority,should definitely add some sort of a command on what to build first or where to standbecause they can be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes when moving the catapult,The game is pretty simple, you start popping out of a tree, you build a campfire, recruit some peasants,spend two coins on a bow and three coins on a hammer. After that you build a wall, upgrade it.Rinse and repeat. simple as that.IMO, I think it should be more complicated than that. Maybe add some sort of command system.Which allows you to command builders on what to build first, or where to stand, etc...Also the same thing with archers. I hate the fact that archers are divided automatically whenpeasants are recruited. %50 of them on the east side and %50 of them on the west side.You should allow the player to actually organise his defenses instead of just making a paper thindefenses with the ""%50"" of your archers on the east side doing nothing while the west side is beingburned to the ground by some big♥♥♥♥♥♥monster who spits three small minions at a time. Same thingwith the farmers. They're actually too dumb to return back to base in the middle of the night.that's pretty much what i wanted to say... other than that the game is awesome!"
,Recommended,496300,25315217,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Protosac,I LOVE THIS GAME. Played the original last year for my entire vacation. Can we pretty please get this on Linux? Kickstart it and I'll be one of your best supporters!
,Recommended,496300,24801857,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Silver-Rayz,Its free 10\10
,Not Recommended,496300,30657348,Posted: 21 March,all,killkenny,"While new lands improved in many aspects compared to the original, Kingdom classic,the overall experience is still irritating somewhat.The main core mechanic has not changed. The player builds the wall and army to defend one self.There are few variations as there are hidden items / rides throughout different maps.However, it again provides a repetitive experience.While the atmosphere as well as astonishing pixel art bring utmost visual satisfaction,the experience is very irritating rather than challenging despite the improvements compared to the original."
76561197987204533,Recommended,496300,31068776,Posted: 10 April,all,cerubois,"In a modern world of games that hold your hand and tell you exactly where to progress next, Kingdom: New Lands is a refreshing learning experience. You start with a horse, a bag of money, and some troops. Your goal is to rebuild a kingdom from nothing while defending it against the relentless demon enemy.But that's not told to you. You need to learn through visual cues, trial and error, and your own ingenuity. Find an odd-looking statue in the forest? It has a purpose, of course. You can guess, but the only way to find out for sure is to try.If you're looking for a nice, simple blend of tower defense and kingdom-building (emphasis on the simple), this is your game."
76561198061971329,Recommended,496300,28720624,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,AZZ,"I only just bought this game, and I gotta say it's stunning; the art style, the music, EVERYTHING IS JUST SO GOOD."
,Recommended,496300,24806202,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,unclepeyj,"I only played a few hours, but I loved it so far. This is a more refined and balanced version of the Kingdom. If you liked the original game, you're gonna love this one. There are new stuff like the original game that have no explanation and you have to try them to see what they do -- which for me is fine and adds to the mystery -- that some people might find frustrating.One thing that is bothering me, is that I can't understand why they released this as a separate game and not an update or a DLC. It seems that they removed some features and added some new ones. But I would've loved to see all these things in one complicated game."
76561198267695338,Recommended,496300,28797307,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,rjdim,"Kindom New Lands is about frustration and anger toward your citizens. It's all your fault, but you always blame them.Pros:DifficultLots of stuff to doWeird enemiesMeh:A style that works in some waysDifficultNo guide to help youMusic is good, just not amazingCons:Citizens never listen to youThe Game is Difficult, ok.PriceyIN all, this game would be worth on sale. not at full price unless you like games like this."
76561198102169951,Recommended,496300,25198756,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TheLast34,Absolutely an amazing game. Does become repeptitive sometimes. Really strategic.
,Recommended,496300,34012125,Posted: 4 August,all,Alexander the Persian,It's new. Like the lands.
76561198056922906,Recommended,496300,24964161,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,God-Emperor Babadui,Got archers. Killed a billion rabbits. overflowed with money. upgraded 3 times. Found weird structures into forest and gave them money. Got attacked by a billion little monsters and became broke. found some money in a chest in the woods. Got attacked the night after. Became broke AGAIN. Cried myself to sleep.Game was pretty good.
,Recommended,496300,24860330,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Braedenjk04,Came home. Saw new lands was out. Robbed bank. Bought new lands. 10/10 would rob a bank again
76561198070325613,Recommended,496300,32889745,Posted: 27 June,all,Dannty,Gameplay is fun and challenging. Love the art style/Music.Game could maybe benefit from some more features or mod support.
76561198259029577,Recommended,496300,32871768,Posted: 27 June,all,Slimpergold,Such a nice little game! Beautiful graphics and awesome gameplay.
76561198004171929,Recommended,496300,33173481,Posted: 3 July,all,Mr. Wolf,True gem!
,Recommended,496300,33182647,Posted: 3 July,all,coures,"At first I was frustrated with the game, but it grew on me after hours of gameplay."
76561197970701282,Recommended,496300,28250361,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,kEn_sct,"One of my favorite games on steam.  Love the art, music and how so much stratergy can come from such simplicity."
,Recommended,496300,27915668,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CamoJackson,One of the Best Time killer games. I love playing it on my laptop because its not resource intensive.
76561198172603655,Recommended,496300,25689572,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,odst55801,"Really good game, would recommend it to you if you are looking for a casual game."
76561198124343881,Recommended,496300,25584595,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,altayaphoenix,any chance you can do an update that makes the peasants less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like maybe add a school that teaches your fellow people to runnnnnnnn when its night time and not walk.
,Recommended,496300,25957297,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Avatar40k,"I am leaving a very cautionary positive rating. This game is hard. It advertises its enemy as The Greed. But in reality the enemy is your horses stamina and the frustratingly stubborn Villager AI. Ultimately it is the AI of the villagers that has led me to give up on Island 3 of 5 and move on to other games.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=778241731I have had a lot of fun with this game, but I've also had a lot of frustration. When you have 4 Knights, and 12 Archers per side, as well as 3 max level walls on the side you're being attacked on, and then proceed to lose everything because of a giant, as the entire army of the right side sits on the safe right side doing nothing.... It's not fun. If you could change the sides that Villagers were assigned to, or frankly have ANY kind of control over them, I would continue playing.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=778241654As it is, the islands get stale after the first few times and the AI prevents you from recovering from mistakes and losses that should not be game ending. Combine that with the fact that you have to start on island 1 every time you lose and you have my cautionary rating. If you can get it cheap and 5 to 7 hours of fun is worth it then go for it, otherwise I'd pass."
,Not Recommended,496300,33337040,Posted: 7 July,all,| nzDOG,"Very cathartic.  There is something innately relaxing about the beautiful pixel graphics and imagery.Overall quite a cool game, nice plot and play development... but terrible AI.  In fact the AI is killing it for me.   To have a decent crack at a level you need to bring stuff with you from the previous levels, so if the AI ruins a series of hard-fought level-ups when all your builders decide to run to their dooms, & suicide... rather than staying with the catapults or repairing your defences?  Thumbs down.I'd like to see an update so that you could prioritize your tasks among builders especially.Be happy to change feedback if this update comes."
,Recommended,496300,24872626,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Zneaky,Play Kingdom new lands>Build up empire>Build swanky boat>Realize the aim of the game is to escape the islands>Escape first island as kingdom is destroyed>new island>mad rush to escape it>build mega army>army destroyed because knights are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥>Escape again>Go Afk for a moment>come back to the crown being stolentldr - swanky boats 8/10
,Recommended,496300,34316917,Posted: 17 August,all,FalconClaw,"Love the 2D style, and the survival//tower defense feel of the game. Probably the easiest controlled game I own."
76561198029751280,Recommended,496300,34008071,Posted: 3 August,all,SoLiDSoNiC,i liked it
76561198000143560,Recommended,496300,35038492,Posted: 17 September,all,Voltare,It gets good. You can find a dog.
,Not Recommended,496300,25861656,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Dinokaiser,"Kingdom New Lands ReviewI played the original Kingdom when it came out and found it pretty frustrating, yet relaxing and stimulating in its own way, Kindom New lands is a free expansion (if you already owned Kingdom) that expands on it by featuring new mounts and npcs that will aid you on your quest to get the heck out of a bunch of cursed islands. This became my go to game for when I wanted to listen to a podcast or watch a video on the side with the game scaled down slightly... and that is where my problem began.Before this game I would usually play Risk of Rain as my go to “podcast listening game”, which would last roughly an hour (usually shorter), which was fine, Kingdoms on the other hand... aside from the first 2 islands, you will spend longer and longer if you want to have a session where you get off an island each time, the last island can take over 2-3+ hours, 3 REPETTIVE, NOT FUN hours and that's the crucial bit, I realised after playing this game for hours over and over that I wasn't really enjoying the game, but why?My main reason for why I am not recommending this game is for this purely subjective reason; This game is a productivity killer. Because for the most part, this is “Running while waiting for stuff to be done the game” (well, not really, due to the fact that each of the mounts are the only hypoglycaemic animals in the world and cant run for more than a few seconds without needing to eat).The game asks for an ABSURD amount of waiting, want to cut some trees? You have to wait for the carpenter to run and cut it, you want to charge an enemy portal to destroy it? You have to wait until your castle reaches a certain level, have enough peasants to equip the armour and to also have enough archers (for which you also need peasants), so how do you get peasants to work for you? You pay them a single coin, oh but you also need to find their spawn points (unless you have a cook) but guess what? Only 2 peasants spawn per spawn point per day, one in the morning and one at night, which you will have to wait for. That's not all, if you want any hope of having enough cash to recruit the peasants, you will need to make farmers, but before that you need to wait until you have a carpenter and enough cash to build some farm land, but oops! Turns out you REALLY NEED a 2nd level farm built because the farmers will walk back to the main camp otherwise, which forces you to WAIT EVEN LONGER! Oh and the farming? You have to wait for that as well. The games forces you to wait and forces you to REPEAT waiting for your tasks to be finished.I spent hours on games like Risk of Rain, Far cry, Assassins creed etc But while some of those games require patience, I rarely spent over two hours (or even an hour) per session, nor did ANY of those games ever ask me to wait for things to happen like this game does. The payoff for beating the game or getting off any of the islands is not worth it, you will just get a stamp of the day you left and credits roll.Truth be told, at times I found the game alright (obviously, you don't play a game for hours and hate it completely), but just know this, if you decide to really to get into it, it will just become a complete time waster, do something productive, go outside or play a better game, there are so many awesome indie games that you can afford to skip this one, you will thank yourself for it."
,Recommended,496300,24798157,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,hiiamrobi,omg i love this game
76561198070352043,Not Recommended,496300,30403487,Posted: 8 March,all,ColdOneK,"If you're interested -- pick it up on a sale. Whats there isn't worth it.If they wanted to inject life into this game - content was a start --control was more important -- should have allowed players to choose what kind of worlds would be created.I don't care why it wasn't done. -- It should have been.Short Vs.Prior to new lands - this game was fun for a hour or so - work as fast as you can to destroy portals before what comes through them at night kills you.After it - portals rebuild themselves - you get less and less time between powerful waves even w/out blood moons -and as you move from island to island the only way it gets more ""difficult"" is by decreasing defensive locations or resource nodes.Sadly after new lands - you can't just choose to play a casual game and ignore all the ""difficulty"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t - having one goddamn farm node on a map doesn't make it hard - it makes it really ♥♥♥♥ing slow.--- LongRun-down for this game. -- Run around on an asthmatic steed w/ a heart condition - and panic attacks - that needs to stop and wheeze every 15 seconds. while you attempt to make gold - either by creating farms or leading animals into some of the worst archers in video games --- because you need the gold to hire unskilled laborers - and pay for equipment - in order to hire more unskilled laborers and pay for more equipment - in order to fight a completely hopeless war against an unintelligent enemy that simply rams itself into walls or fly up and eats people.I say hopeless, of course, because your main combatants are some of the worst archers in video games - hitting the walls you build to protect them - just as often as hitting the enemy.  -- And the most cowardly P.O.S. knights you've ever seen. Losing defensive positions - their lives - the lives of everything behind those walls - etc - for no reason. Just up and runs away. Wouldn't be so bad if they weren't REQUIRED in order to attack enemy portals. AND if a bunch of archers didn't just follow them as turn-tail.You will lose points to these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. - You will lose points because your archers are not at the walls to defend them. You will lose massive numbers of masons who are absolutely certain they'll be the one to fix that goddamn wall you thought you could easily rebuild 20 minutes ago - you know the one lost because w/ 3 goddamn enemies left your knights and all the archers w/ them started running - witch is why it fell -- and why every single one of them died. --- I mean it's not like it's that far from the base - the masons would get there w/ plenty of time to fix them if they'd left in the morning - hell mid-day and they would have had time -- but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s always leave in the afternoon or AT night when the enemies attack.Oh, but it gets better.In winter you make zero money because farms don't grow and animals don't respawn so yay seasons.And the best part.Even w/ the most upgraded wall you can manage - lucky node placement for double towers next to each other -- a ballista in one and triple archers the next -- with a fully lit archer statue - a catapult - and 3 knight squads worth of archers --- YOU WILL STILL LOSE in blood moons.----------------Point is - the game is painfully slow.It doesn't matter what you build. It will fall. In some games thats an enjoyable part. It isn't in this game. Wether it's because you likely aren't going to be there to see it. Or because its lost to cowardice - or because 20 masons have already gone to repair that ♥♥♥♥ing wall you cannot undo.Or because rebuilding would take hours - if it's even possible.Or because it's now winter and in a game where you could barely do anything. you now can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥Prior to new lands - this game was fun for a hour or so - work as fast as you can to destroy portals before what comes through them at night kills you.After it - portals rebuild themselves - and super upgraded defenses just give you less and less time - as you move from island to island witch only get more ""difficult"" by decreasing defensive locations or resource nodes.Sadly after new lands - you can't just choose to play a casual game and ignore all the ""difficulty"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t - having one goddamn farm node on a map doesn't make it hard - it makes it really ♥♥♥♥ing slow."
76561198007324150,Not Recommended,496300,27611421,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ap3741,"Kingdom is a very simple game with very little strategic depth.Get money, hire people, build walls, rinse and repeat until army has been built.  Destroy portal with army.  Build ship, go to next island, rinse and repeat.Not sure why the hype around this game.  What little is does offer though, is nicely presented in a very minimalistic way.  It's not a 'bad' game per se, just very shallow.For the price ($15 as at time of writing) there are better games available, and as such it is not recommended."
76561198218900547,Not Recommended,496300,33558524,Posted: 15 July,all,Curious Creature,It always starts out as funthen....Winter comes and never leavesFarmers throw their tools into the river out of frustrationno source of income in a money management game means you gallop around waiting for greed to destroy everything you built and dierestart the game several times so you can generate your prefered gender/arms of coat / skin color
76561197970058182,Not Recommended,496300,25066058,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Tenbuckstew,"My people just stopped doing their jobs on the last island.  The farmers just sat in their homes, the builders wouldnt repair the walls and the banker would only come out once every like 8 days or so and I ended up losing because I just couldnt get any money.It is extremely frustrating to lose so late in the game because of some hidden mechanic that only occurs on the last island.  That or the game is just broken and I lost because of some bug.  Either way you have to rely on random map generation to get the resources and the tools you need to beat the game and then you have to hope this game doesnt bug out.  Very dissapointed."
76561198042223617,Recommended,496300,32931042,Posted: 28 June,all,coreyy,Good game to mindlessly play
,Recommended,496300,24803463,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,manladypig,This game has many new things from the original very good
,Recommended,496300,30349885,Posted: 5 March,all,Melar Baram,"I'll keep it simple, as the developers did with this game. It's incredibly charming, has a fantastic atmosphere, and is polished to a shine. Beyond this, the developers treat the community well and are clearly good people. 100% buy. It's worth every penny."
76561198019163801,Not Recommended,496300,33733616,Posted: 22 July,all,Tochimo,"I'm really glad I got this on sale for a couple scheckles rather than paying full price.  It took me a half-dozen hours to figure out what the game needed me to do versus what the game was baiting me to do that would ultimately spell failure.  After trying to make anything and everything EXCEPT spamming archers work I've lost all desire to play - the economy is more basic than vanilla pudding and it often feels like you're less a king/queen and more a Master of Coin throwing money at everything without direction or command, hoping they'll do what needs to be done but knowing, deep down inside, that they weren't programmed with any sense of priority or intelligence.It'd be a great mobile game if it cost $1, but at $15 you'd be better off ordering a pizza and firing up a game you know you'll enjoy for a few hours."
,Not Recommended,496300,30362655,Posted: 6 March,all,Wolf3D.exe,"I enjoyed a few this game, but at last, it turns a few frustrating because the AI of your units thinks like a damn monkey and exposes to death for free. The horse have a desperating low stamina and the progress of everything is very slow. I don't know if this is a hardcore game or a desperating experiencie with a lot of good ideas but an insufficient gameplay.It's excessively slow, and you will only enjoy if you have a lot of time and patience.You'll also enjoy if you like to contemplate a very accomplished pixel art, with lights, shadows and little details, cool animations, great sound and music. But I had fun with this? Only a little. The most, I felt wasting my time and waiting to recover the horse to run from one side of the map to the other."
76561198172091763,Recommended,496300,24801575,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Malivamar,"Like the original, but better.  - Expert game reviewing"
,Recommended,496300,30078393,Posted: 21 February,all,Blaze,"This game is both engaging and a source of unrelenting frustration-.. in the good way. Managing and reinforcing your kingdom's defenses can be challenging at times, however the sight of a horde of demons falling to a hail of arrows and boulders is more than worth the effort. Overall it is easy to pick up but can be difficult to master, and I gladly recommend it to anyone who enjoys 2D sidescrollers or Tower Defense."
76561198136966905,Recommended,496300,26853881,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrSliddes,AMAzING
76561198066725523,Recommended,496300,24880952,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Nervous Octopus,What an amazing game. I love the minimalism of this game so much.
76561198178229034,Recommended,496300,24887644,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Edsel,10/10 would die over and over bc im bad
,Not Recommended,496300,33487599,Posted: 12 July,all,Megmadon,"Frustratingly unbalanced. It's fun 'till winter comes, which lasts indefinitly and is frankly what makes this game impossible to play pleasurably. Other than being impossible, it was quite fun and engaging up until the sharp increase in difficulty. Maybe a diificulty setting, short winter or some sort of minor tweak could, and would, make this game an absolute blast. Until then, I'd say wait for an update because I think it's worth waiting for. Fun concept, amazing visuals, frustrating and unbalanced gameplay (at least for somewhat casual playing). Like being dominated by a hot chick almost..."
,Recommended,496300,33391098,Posted: 8 July,all,Desert Skate,"Pretty gud, but needs females"
,Not Recommended,496300,31210765,Posted: 17 April,all,Soul Reaver,This game is broken!!!!! Builders don't come in at night so if one dies while building something all the other builders will run out to die too. This game is stupid with stupid NPCs. Wow didn't they aready make a game with Lemmings?
,Recommended,496300,25354516,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,servando2,great game. wonderfully made with a bunch of thought into it. but could use a few new updates.
76561198201235475,Recommended,496300,32983963,Posted: 29 June,all,IMWLF15,Nicee :))
,Recommended,496300,24807912,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,D-Jake,Ive played the vanilla version and just started the New Lands. I was avoiding any type of spoilers. What i love about this game is that I want to discover everything myself. The soundtrack and artstyle bring tears to my eyes as they make me feel nostalgic. I highly recommend this game and now im off to further exploring!
76561198064932180,Recommended,496300,32968678,Posted: 28 June,all,UnlovedOrphan,Took me 4hours non stop to make it past the first level... make it to second island and already gettin fricked
,Recommended,496300,24811191,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,badminton,The original version was well worth it.This is better by far.Doesn't take a genius :)
,Not Recommended,496300,32780337,Posted: 25 June,all,Alucard2401,"It's not even worth 4,49€ (70% offer) in my eyes.I like indie games and give them always a try.Graphic: Amiga levelControl: Left/Right and down for action/activating.Tutorial: 2min (Create one archer/worker)Gameplay: You spend money on things you don't even know what they are supposed for. In my case i thought i build a forge for the town and then i got catapult.I played the game for 3/4h and all the time i thought ""Ok, when will the fun begin?""I know f2p browser title that makes me wanna play the game more."
76561198073504340,Recommended,496300,25404920,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,|Ðдrk|NoNamesProduct,It is nice.Negative:-Feels too long-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t AI-A lot of 'nothing' to doPositive:-Pixel Graphics-Music-Strategy GameplayJust play it.It is worth it.
76561198035074353,Recommended,496300,27476111,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Айро,"Добываешь деньги, нанимаешь бомжей, потом на тебя нападают ебаки и ты снова у разбитого корыта. Для релакса самое то!"
,Recommended,496300,28280050,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,gunslinger51,i love the game love how there is only one portal at begining love the portal rebuilds itself
76561198143030878,Recommended,496300,25119091,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,blumenleere,"The game is beautiful; and relaxing in some way.There are lots of reviews, so you already should know, what it is all about including the game mechanics.There is one big contra:I won't play the game anymore, until you can start from the beginning of an island and not from the very start. And this probably will never happen. (The devs could of course include a different game mode for that, so the purists can enjoy their permadeath.) One little mistake, a little bit of not so good circumstances and ...I enjoyed my time with the game: Goodbye!"
76561198214385803,Recommended,496300,30086045,Posted: 21 February,all,warhammer,i think it is an amazing game and i hope to see more updates and more games in the trilagie
,Recommended,496300,30645675,Posted: 20 March,all,The Bread Box,"Ok, so I have a computer but it is very slow, despite being a gaming computer. But, I have an IPad, which this game is mobile, but costs money. Am I able to continue playing this game through Steam? Or must I buy it?"
76561198180100247,Recommended,496300,24938776,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,3rdVA Dilloncoll,It is simmiler to the original but this game adds much more then what could ever expect.Now i dun goofed the first time I played this new game but thats okay this game is a lot of fun and its a learning experience. 10/10 best game so far (besides battlefield one and No mans sky)
76561198271398691,Recommended,496300,25095679,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,✪ Piter ✪,I really like the pixel art from the game.
76561198045870604,Recommended,496300,25121139,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Brandon's gay?,"This is by far my favourite game ever. This game has such depth with being very very simple.Just by this being simple, makes it fun on a whole other new level!I fell in love with this game when I got the classic version months ago, awaiting the day of new content.Then this masterpiece DLC came out, by far the best DLC in any game. ever.I give this game a  12/10"
,Recommended,496300,25041714,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Ryscir,"I would barely recommend this to someone. It's barely a step up from the classic, and for those who didn't purchase the original before this one was released, is just a cash cow. The visuals are absolutely stunning, the atmosphere is beautiful. Just standing in the middle of your kingdom at night and hearing the murmur of your people just puts me at ease. But the game still has so little content for it's price. I wish they would see the value in making their game moddable, but instead they've closed themselves off to it. They could be opening themselves up to a much broader audience, but instead offer excuses such as ""It would take months to do, and we wouldn't be able to produce any additional content during that time"" (Paraphrased) but they already take months on end to produce new content anyways. If you buy it, you buy it at your own risk. They could do much better with this than they have, but that's not to say it isn't a good game already."
76561198005632071,Not Recommended,496300,31101277,Posted: 12 April,all,Blaster,I had a lot of fun .... then the winter started ...
76561198201331877,Recommended,496300,26618637,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Steve Ross,"First of, the pixel art in this game is beautiful and probably the best part of the game. Absolutley fantastic. A short session of an hour is super relaxing. However It is VERY repetitive and after a few games you might get bored, as every island is very simular and the basic base building is the exact same every time. Also, everytime you die you have to go back to the first island. No idea why they thought this would be a good idea. To get back it could potentially take a few hours of doing the same thing over and over again. This is what made me quit because I do not want to be burnt out with this game, so im waiting for more content/upgrades before I jump back in. The Game as it is a bit pricey in my opinion, however definatley pick up on sale.Pros:Pixel art is one of the best ive seen, absolute joy to look at.Music is great.Super relaxing.Cons:Not much content.Always start on the first island after death.Very Repetitive.Cant play in long sessions.VERDICT: 7/10 Personally, I think the positives far outweigh the negatives and is worth picking up in a sale. Expect a low amount of content but once the devs add more, I can see myself putting a lot of hours into it."
76561198220409767,Recommended,496300,26599615,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Psycho,Bloody good game
,Recommended,496300,27926498,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Punkboyleech,"I played the Previous version of the game, although fun, once completed I did not find anything to bring me back to replay it.This version has progression (which it sorely needed) and additional mechanics that make it much more fun to play.  After these fixes, I highly recommend it, and hope that more gets added to it or the company expands these mechanics in their next product."
76561198051194348,Recommended,496300,31131425,Posted: 14 April,all,Chance,An amazing rogue-like empire building game.Intuitive and stylistically beautiful it has a manageable learning curve. Even though things can quickly go from under control to total catastrophe you'll be eager to play again with the lessons you learned from your last monarch allowing you get a little further each time.
76561198124608691,Recommended,496300,26241945,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,jkynne,A nice indie game
,Recommended,496300,26475100,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Cark,"bork bork, a good game from me. a good dog. 10/10 if you die in game you die in real life"
76561198083808184,Recommended,496300,26400796,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,TheQwak,"Muy bien. Most buteful, fun and amazing game ever!"
76561198208369871,Recommended,496300,26223925,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Slic,Great game.
76561198064825566,Recommended,496300,25864331,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,SgtBigglesworth,"If you've come looking for a time destroying, addicting, beautiful, stressful but fun adventure, look no further than Kingdom. This game will get you hooked. You play it once, and you can't stop. At first, this game seems calm, peaceful, easy, and enjoyable, but later you will realize that is certainly not true. Late-game, there are so many enemies that it gets very overwhelming very easily, and RNG screws you over almost 99% of the time. Honestly, I can't give this piece of art a bad review, but be warned, it will suck you in. However, other than the fact that it gets very difficult near the end of the game, this is a masterpiece of a game. I just beat the game, and I don't know what else to say. There is a bit of replay value, to unlock all the ""collectibles"", but after that I would imagine it gets quite boring.In the end, this game is quite the adventure, however a very mysterious one at that, due to the lack of information floating around on the internet right now. If you want the most thrilling, mysterious adventure possible, look no further than Kingdom: New Lands.P.S one word of advice to the devs, is please, PLEASE add mod support. I think it would add a great deal of replay value, and more fun to the game for the people who have cleared out everything. Thanks! :)"
,Recommended,496300,27723269,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mystline,Damn it feel's good to be a ruler.
76561198217281100,Not Recommended,496300,27881881,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Burak Hunter,"The game is getting boring after time.You buy the game.Two hours have passed and it becomes boring after that time.You do things over and over again.Add something interesting like give us a sword at the beginning so we can defend ourselves(if you add character stamina it will be fair),or a different boss fight in all different islands,soldier upgrades(i'm talking about weapons or armor),a blacksmith(to do armor and weapon upgrades),you know more Mediaval content,add town folk so we can feel we're in a KINGDOM.That kinda stuff.But until that i do not recommend to buy this game."
76561198048581025,Recommended,496300,24894103,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,EK ¦ SugarDaddy,"Guys! This game is hot, i would definitely recommend this one to play, Especially to people who loves indie games.But it STILL has some minor issues and bugs like:1)Sometimes u have 1 archer defending on the left side. and 3 archers on the right side (which is not attacked at all) and sadly you cant do nothing about switching their places so your base is going down.2)The knights in this version are manly useless, they wont help you at the defences and will run FIRST when the walls are close to fall. SO the archers and cata in every situation are getting slaughtered. I mean...the knights are the toughest units, shouldn't they be helping others to retreat? Or even hold their ground like they did in previous version of the game.3)Also if you give your assistant (or paymaster?) some coins, he won't give it back until the next day, and thats very annoying as well.4)Two of my workers were repairing a ship that i found in the woods. And when they finished the job they just stood there until greed came and killed them both.So you have a great game but there is a still work to be done i guess.At the current moment i would rate this game 7.5/10.p.s. sry for observing only negative side of the game lads ;)"
,Recommended,496300,26369015,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,gg unit,"I really enjoyed this game, not as deep as I might have hoped but defnitely a great play!The game is intuitive and expands around you; a feeling which is both super fun and gives the game an edge of mystery and stress (which I love!).+ros:- Super immersive, in a retro way.- Unique gameplay.- Beautiful graphics.- Some sort of unclear unlocking system I am vaguely compelled to explore further.c-ns:- Not as much going on as it seems like there might be at first.- Y'know that weird feeling where roguelite games sometimes feel like they're covering up for not having QUITE enough content?- Bad guys are simple and don't seem to get much more complex (3 or 4 types).- Your army has very few units (4, counting 'archer' and 'archer in tower' as seperate units.)It won't be for everyone and I don't really feel like there in an end game, but I LOVED the first 5 hours."
,Recommended,496300,26197524,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Nicksea|24/7|,Really fun and addictive gameit pushes you into your limitHoping for any further improvement and DLC
76561198149635470,Recommended,496300,24833210,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Maple.Bacon,"if you look through the reviews you will see stuff like, ""The AI is terrible"" but that is part of the game, if you dont like a challenge then kingdom isnt for youi love this game, and new lands added alot to it, but it does get pretty repetitive even with new lands. But then you may be asking, ""Then why are you giving it a good review?"" im giving it a good review  becuase even though it may be repetitive it is still an amazing game and worth buying."
,Not Recommended,496300,31763793,Posted: 15 May,all,Dick Killroy,"There's a fine line between stressful and challenging and Kingdom ride right in the middle of it. If you ever want to know the feeling of helplessness and anxiety of building a kingdom all to yourself this is the game for you. And I'm not entirely sure if that's a good thing.First off, every little choice you make greatly impacts your playthrough for the entire game. Do I start my defences on the left or right or spread out between both? If I fortify the right  with most of my money than I leave the left open for assult. That's some pretty intence decision making to have throughout the game. The problem is there's barely any kickback if you make the wrong decision and the dread and stuggle will drag you into the grave. There have been countless times when a major wall has been breached or I lost some workers (I'll get into that next) and even though there's a sense of getting back up on my feet, it'll be far less stressful to just restart the whole game in hopes of a better playthrough. Once something breaks midway and you already have a short list of♥♥♥♥♥♥to take care of for the next night the pressure immedilty becomes to overwelming to want me to continue dealing with.Then there's the AI. The stupid ♥♥♥♥ers. I cannot begin to tally up the amount of times I've watched my workers stand outside of my kingdom, doing nothing but whiping sweat from their brow as day slowly turns to night and they wait for the last minute to run home before being attacked because they're too slow. A couple times I've tried to make a quick build before night fall and right before they finish and die/run away all of the other workers in my kindom will charge out into the night because somehow bulding this outpost or cutting down this tree is something that needs to be done during an attack.  It would be really nice if the workers just stayed within the kingdom during raids like the houseless farmers but instead I will find them wondering around the walls acting like little teases for the Greed. Also it would be nice if I could make them run with me. When I expand my Kindom I would end up having to go to further vagrant farms and hope that I got theire soon enough for their slow asses to leasurely make their way home.But I think the most painful thing about this game is the ♥♥♥♥ing horse. ♥♥♥♥ that ♥♥♥♥ing peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥horse. PLEASE FIX THE HORSE. Not only do I have to manage this kindom but I got this ♥♥♥♥ing weak♥♥♥♥♥horse huffing and puffing the entire way through. I get that theres a simplicity element going on but the breathing doesnt say♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sometimes I can run a good chunk or so but most of the time its stop and go. The huffing and puffing indicates nothing. You maybe get a couple puffs and he stops immeditly or he can go a little ways longer, you'll never know. You won't even know if it's full or not so a lot of the time you have to walk and just hope you built up enough to run away if danger turns its head. Something YOU NEED TO DO because often times if you get caught out in the woods with a out of breath horse you'll have those ♥♥♥♥ing monsters beating on your♥♥♥♥♥the entire way back. There's no ruuning from it, they run faster than you can walk and if all you can do is walk then go ♥♥♥♥ yourself. You can stop at patches of grass to refuel but often times it just get's in the way. I remember I was exploring and found a portal, a little dude popped out and started chacing me. I got a decent distance and needed to refuel so I stopped and kept an eye on the left part of the screen. As the horse was eating (about 2 seconds worth) the little fella popped out and was coming at me so, thinking that I had enough to boost my way away, started to run but was prevented by the horse reering. Sure enough the little greed monster attacked me and it became this chace back home to grab my crown (as well as loosing all my ♥♥♥♥ing coins in the process).I think a lot of my stress and frusteration towards this game comes from dealing with the ♥♥♥♥ing horse.I payed full price for this game and I feel like I didnt really get my entire money's worth. They threw in the orginal with it but I feel like if I just got New Lands by itself I'd experence a stronger buyer's remorse. I'd wait until the next update or when it goes on sale.  They show off that they have newer stuff but it gets thinly spread out over various Lands and with the 'various' Lands being the same game mode only with more portals I don't see much reason to push myself into progressing.I'm on an edge of giving this game a No as a recommendation but the enjoyment I get when the game goes my way is a lot of fun. I do actually like this game but there is a bit that's proventing me from truely loving it. The sountrack is wonderful, the whole game has this amaizng atmosphere to it. I know it sounds weird if you havent played, but you do get a strong feeling of living back in that sort of era when it's a foggy day. The graphics and art is amazing, I am extremely impressed with how nice it looks. I like the simplicity and makes some things easy to jump into. I couldnt figure out what the hell the banker did until I looked them up. For a while I assuemd they were the tax man and I was getting my money from the villagers who didnt have jobs.It's worth a shot if you like simple management games. Get it on sale or when they actually get around to fully completeing it.UPDATE: GOT SWITCHED TO A NO. MY CITIZENS ARE ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,496300,25387558,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,bexs88,I got unhealthily addicted to this game and then my excitement died down when my builders all milled around uselessly and my boat didn't move for a week. Then I restarted and played a bit and moved to the next land. Then I stopped because I was poor. :D
,Recommended,496300,31711861,Posted: 12 May,all,Solomons Proxy,Played until day 20 then got buttraped by massive ogre ♥♥♥♥s and flying tenticle ♥♥♥♥♥. 7/10
76561198080978664,Recommended,496300,24896869,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,cool123456aqw,Fantastic game. Love it
,Recommended,496300,24897427,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,hippie0115,A great relaxing time waster
,Recommended,496300,24897346,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,grimreeper1995,Fantastic game. Very simple. Very beautiful. Linux support :) Thanks to the developers!!
,Recommended,496300,24950790,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,TheMoomin,Found this in my inventory one day.9/11 Would get free games again
,Recommended,496300,26738653,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Emaxmagnus,"This version adds a lot of replayability to the core game, the art style is enhanced, there are new units and a lovely custom banner creation tool.The differences from the base game make the experience a lot less tedious than it used to be in the first episode, while 15 euros might seem a bit pricey i'd suggest this game to anyone willing to spend some hours on a well balanced and crafted 2d scrolling game."
,Recommended,496300,24799689,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ElementalFriend,"really good game has some new stuff too, could play this for hours"
76561198026535249,Recommended,496300,24809961,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Longtail,"Perfect!Absolutely amazing how much they have expanded on the base game. Instant classic and dozens of hours of fun. Definitely recommended to anyone. Never seen a bug, AI is much more intuitive and there are a lot of secrets, unlockables. While the game might look repetitive, I never seem to get bored of starting again and again. Super fun."
76561198137484829,Recommended,496300,28488803,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,SplendaciousMare,beautiful and addictive!
,Recommended,496300,25339159,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,dppittma,I received this since I bought Kingdom: Classic and I have wasted quite a bit of time on it. It's funny that you can play this game with four buttons and still find a reasonable challenge. At times it's frustrating because you decide to upgrade your town too late in the day and they march right in without a fight but you know it's your own fault.It is simple but that adds to the enjoyment. Really the only thing I wish it had was multiple slots since my kids enjoy playing it as well but we have to wait until someone dies for the next person to play. That one minor point doesn't stop the enjoyment though.
,Recommended,496300,25300958,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,KarateSnoopy,Great game.  Very addicting
76561198070856528,Recommended,496300,25337476,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,NuttyS,Very Fun. I finished the game and am still replaying it. It's a great time waster and a great game. Could have a lot of fun with it.
,Recommended,496300,25300548,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,诸葛亮,"Where do i even start ?This game is worth every penny because of the gameplay, music, the design of the game and many more. This game is full of mysteries for you to discover and that feeling of you watching your kingdom expands !It doesn't matter if you fail just try again because this time you know what to do. The music in this game is so good it's the music that makes you move on and not stay and wait ! It makes you do something with your kingdom and the people in there. The struggle of surviving is horrifying, when it's night time the monsters man... they don't stop coming ! in conclusion : 9/10 highly recommend !"
76561198248854442,Recommended,496300,25329537,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Coorscolors_1,This is a amazing game! It is like a upgraded version of the Classic Kingdom. There is so much to do. I recommend this game if you liked the Classic Kingdom.
,Recommended,496300,25338598,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,AsatorPrime,"Super addictive, a great game to get your mind of things and relax to."
76561197970998492,Recommended,496300,25357623,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,windfollower,"Everything that made the original Kingdom so satisfying has been thoroughly enhanced by New Lands. It's an extremely engaging, side-scrolling strategy game that still feels good to play after having completed all the islands. Delightful!"
76561198205566717,Recommended,496300,25299074,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,JustaNiggaWithaRocketLauncher,"Worth every penny! This is a game for anyone and everyone, its simple, chalenging and entertaining. (for those that don't know it is a huge up-date to the original and adds so much more to do)not to mention the crazy cool devs for giving out free copys to those that bought the previous game."
,Recommended,496300,25339431,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,uiopy1,"Even more brilliant than the original. Please buy this, it's a fantastic game, but it deserves to be played knowing nothing in advance."
,Recommended,496300,25304862,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mathias,"Great strategy game where you control only the king/queen. The begining of ""Kingdom: New Lands"" is easier then ""Kingdom"", but is harder at the end. Was a long way to understand and master - make mistakes, die (lose the crown in this case) and restart lot of times."
,Recommended,496300,25368850,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Efe,This game is good for its price its a great strategy game/survival except it could use multiplayer. I think it would be great if it had multiplayer. The game in it self is a great one i love the pixel graphics i love this little gem!
,Recommended,496300,25341442,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Backrub,"I love it!Don't let the relaxing atmosphere fool you, it can be very unforgiving."
,Recommended,496300,25361924,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,STRYKER™,I Love it! Its gampeplay is simplistic. But the soundtrack is awesome.
76561198049113876,Recommended,496300,25310652,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Drogbazooka,"Awesome game, I love it."
76561198122198460,Recommended,496300,25368697,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Commander Cool89,"The game is awesome but the horse stamina is super annoying, if you're being chasd and your lazy out of shape horse runs out of stamina you may as wellgive up because not being able to run while being chased is futile."
,Recommended,496300,26701407,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,死 Dead Eye 眼,Ki Rani Mukherjee road Kolkata Port trust factors that affect the price of the week
76561197980448559,Recommended,496300,32782273,Posted: 25 June,all,PegasusJF,This game is pure artistry.  A simple yet compelling resource management game that is more than the sum of it's parts.  But be careful about the coming winter.
,Recommended,496300,33833827,Posted: 27 July,all,Lemon Moon,"I love this game a lot, and it feels so satisfying when you are successful, but so bad when you die from a tiny gremlin man. I was so relieved when I saw that the citizens could run. This game is an overall improvement on the last game,"
76561198189503030,Recommended,496300,24823278,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Cooper,GOOOOOOOOOOD GRAPHICS AND GOOD GAMEPLAY
76561198060014267,Recommended,496300,28807843,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jaina,LOVE!!!
76561198149508632,Recommended,496300,25165764,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,HentaiP,Nice Game!!!
76561198212784079,Recommended,496300,25174287,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Lyriks7,why is winter so damn long?!? I've been waiting for the season to change back to summer and still nothing but anyways this is a good game even though it can♥♥♥♥♥♥you off some times.
,Recommended,496300,25170592,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,canimaniack,it is a HUGE improvement on the classic version. 9/10 could play every day
76561198014832534,Recommended,496300,25162145,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ScherSheep,very fun. very straightforward. surprising amount of strategy/planning.
76561198327960620,Recommended,496300,34606351,Posted: 30 August,all,Scardigo,"If your looking for a game to play alot, i wouldnt pick this one as you'll tend to find yourself getting bored of it in less than a week and then finding it fun about 6th months later. i think the graphic style is great and the gamplay which is very addicting but can be very unforgiving. I would recommend this game for players who like to play single player and just want to relax."
76561198126312797,Recommended,496300,32389869,Posted: 13 June,all,Dusk_fox.♀,"this game is really hard :/still love it though, from the consept to the atmospher and all the stuffs, it is very well desighned and i highly recoment even if your probably not going to get very far with it...you might IDK mabie i just suckit would be cool if your NPCs said things in little speech bubbles or something, just to add charicter to them, jus a thought..."
76561198005952118,Recommended,496300,33183985,Posted: 3 July,all,Nozdrum,"I like classic more, but still a good game."
76561198012942245,Recommended,496300,30061966,Posted: 20 February,all,enisbayramoglu,"Great game, it has a unique feeling to it. The game has a very simple interface (just 3 buttons, left - right - spend coins), but there's a deep strategy element."
76561198131162333,Recommended,496300,30036844,Posted: 19 February,all,PRANM_13,it's a fun strategy game that does'nt give you any help so you have to try stuff out to find the best way to survive and progress in the game
,Recommended,496300,27040207,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chicken,Horse running sim 11/8 would eat grass again
,Recommended,496300,35049650,Posted: 18 September,all,santa hoovy,this game is super awsome enyoed it very muchlie the graphics and gameplay
76561198178462998,Recommended,496300,25878478,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Starfish,"All of my archers stand guarding the heavily fortified right side of the wall while my farmers are slaughtered relentlessly on the left side, running in fear and dropping their ambiguous farming implements (rakes? hoes?). Meanwhile the archers stand around gambling and shooting rabbits, watching their countrymen fall to the enemy onslought.10/10 Archers did 9/11"
76561198032944583,Recommended,496300,25880124,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,spiritchan,"I'm going to start with the Pros:*Beautiful Artwork*Color customization of both character and your Blazon (flag).  Note:  During the ""load screen"" when you watch your character run, push the ""down arrow key"" and it will randomize your character, including gender...  When you set your Blazon (flag) later, this will also customize your character's outfit color.*Lots of mounts to choose from.*You can have a dog follow you around.*Build a city to your heart's content (and the limits of the game).*Refreshingly simple gameplay (only three buttons to worry about).*Enjoyable strategy game.*Fun to just run around and ""explore"".*Nobody dies...  Sounds silly, but it's just good-hearted fun.*Though it's ""easy to beat"", If you stay on a single map long enough, it gets harder... to the point of insanity.  If you want to avoid this, take the boat to a new map... otherwise, stay on that one and see how long you can survive.*Ride a Bear and eat bunnies.*Ride a Stag (which is awesome).*Ride a Unicorn.Now for the cons:*While you do build your own kingdom, the ""customization"" of this is somewhat limited.  For example, you can only build towers on ""these rocks""...  Which helps with the strategy part of the game;  you have to pay attention to your surroundings...  But leaves a little to be desired as far as ""build my kingdom my way"".*AI is decent, but sometimes frusterating...  Though ""stupid archerers"" happen very rarely, when it does it really hurts your survivability.*You'll play this game many times (which is a good thing, obviously)... however, when you unlock everything (about 30 hours of gameplay in) - you end up ""running out of stuff to do""... that is to say;  the game feels repetative after about 30 hours or so.Over All?Totally worth buying and giving a try.  Sink in some good hours, build up your kingdom, and unlock everything you can.  Have respect for the hermit and bread-maker (unlockables), and enjoy whichever mount you choose.I'm highly looking foreward to more DLC or updates;  but certainly worth buying and playing as-is."
,Recommended,496300,28297798,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Architekt,"I had no idea I'd enjoy the game this much. It's like a really light RTS and kingdom builder. You give your peasants a tool (hammer/bow/scythe/knight's shield) and they do that job. They'll automatically divide up evenly across your kingdom and they'll auto fight without you having to micromanage anything. If you play it like me, it's a relaxing, chill kind of pace. Great for hangovers and just general chilling out. Works great with Steam Link for some tv/couch action."
,Recommended,496300,26911670,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Helping Hoof,"I have been playing this game day in-day out trying to unlock all the island's unlockables and it keeps being engaging with each playthrough.Kingdom: New Lands and its predecessor Kingdom are both wonderful games, even if the random placement of objects within the game forces me to think twice before launching into a day-long trek to try and upgrade something, only to then get chased home by the Greed.I really really hate the Greed's flying abductors and lumbering giants.......... which is a good thing in this game, because it adds to the pressure of really wanting to build the best layered defence you can make!I nominated it for the ""Just 5 More Minutes"" award in the Steam Awards 2016."
76561197987103121,Recommended,496300,28291152,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Subterfudge,"Such a chill game. The music and atmosphere make it an easy to pick up and play piece. Gameplay involves throwing gold coins at people and objects, accompanied by meaty and satisifying sound effects. Gets downright spooky at times.Doesn't require a large time investment to gain a tremendous amount of entertainment out of. Big plus for dip♥♥♥♥♥ like me that work 12 hours a day. Now you know why I gain such joy from hearing a coin impact the ground in this game."
76561198100768405,Recommended,496300,28304332,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Tenedria,Its a good game and the pixel art is just beautifull. But winter is a little boring... can you guys add something to do during winter because there's nowhere I can get money from and I just end up spending my days doing nothing because of it. Its really really boring.
76561198157324921,Recommended,496300,28354074,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,dinojoe,LOVE THE GAME. please make more like this or in the same univers but with some more lore.
,Recommended,496300,25440479,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,GRipley,This gmae gets me into the Flow state every time I play. Such good progression/reward and satisfying visuals!
76561198114103676,Recommended,496300,25919662,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,warkierancollins,it azomen but you could add the abilty to have a arter on the king or qeen back in kindown so they can kill flying enemny and help defeat greedand when are you going to add more updates
,Recommended,496300,25998225,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,G.O.F GOLDEN,I LOVE this game but they have no die save feature so if u get really far in the game and u die u can go back to that kingdom you have to start all over but it's really fun and interesting the art style is amazing if I could I would buy it a  second time
76561198004167126,Recommended,496300,25030352,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TheCardGame,Even better than Kingdom!
76561198253521087,Recommended,496300,28315064,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Uncle Grandpa,good game
76561198261066527,Recommended,496300,24799500,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),better than the first one dont forget people there is a chest in both directions full of coins the achievements dont work some of them and also are silly.. but better than the first amazing game
76561198202390846,Recommended,496300,24980490,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,WeebName.exe,One day Im like lets finish kingdom huh its called kingdom classic idk finishes kingdom looks in library for game to play this showed up 11/10 would like free game in library
,Recommended,496300,24827033,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Oxillious,"This game is fantastic! Though in the long run it could certainly fall into a repetitive fashion, I believe this game to be sound and the fact that the expansion came for free is a huge bonus. If you have designs to experience a somewhat post-apocalyptic medieval setting in which you must guide lost souls together to reforge a proud kingdom: Get this game."
76561197970483712,Recommended,496300,27107902,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vane303,"i love this game so muchriding around with your horse, listening to great sounds and music and just enjoying the lush world while fighting evil little demons :)"
,Not Recommended,496300,33310488,Posted: 6 July,all,malaisling,"A beautiful and atmospheric management game which ironically squanders its own potential through poor management. Fantastic art, animations, visual effects, music and general atmosphere. With a simple system of building, protecting and expanding a settlement while trying to construct a boat to escape the island. At first, it was one of the few games that genuinely feels exciting to return to.However after only a few hours of playing, the promise is quickly lost. After running left and right as far as possible to survey the land, there is virtually no reason to explore anymore. The only activity that requires the player to leave their base is recruiting new helpers from camps around the map. Which requires tedious and exhausting amounts of time spent doing absolutely nothing but riding to their camp everytime you want and can afford new recruits. And this is indeed a commonality.Because everything runs off currency, the player only has anything interesting to do; when they have currency. And so during those many, many moments when the player does not have any; they simply have nothing to do but sit around waiting for their helpers to get more for them. There isn't even that much to build, the game is actually lacking a lot of diversity that it needs to make expansion even interesting. There's literally barely anything to build or advance.In the end, the game is sixty percent riding around to recruit more people, thirty percent waiting to get more currency, and ten percent buying things. And so ironically, the developers poor management of their resource management game mechanics makes it honestly, boring. Because so much time is spent grinding instead of doing anything interesting. The game looks and feels amazing, but the balance of the mechanics and the lack of activities ruins it completely.Players cannot attack or fight, they cannot perform any unique activities, they have no reason to explore after the first sweep; as the monarch of the land the player spends almost all their time literally doing grunt work.If the grind nature of the game itself and the lack of proper things to occupy the player is not bad enough, the game itself is fundamentally flawed to the point of potentially being unplayable.There are three sources that players can get coins from consistently; farming, hunting and trading. The trading camp will despawn if players clear the trees around it while expanding their base, so if the trader camp spawns near any important points of interest; you have to choose between having it or destroying it to make use of that point of interest. The only consistent and reliable creatures you can hunt are rabbits, which only spawn in places you naturally have to raze while building your base. So you have to choose between hunting, or having an undersized base lacking primary buildings. Finally you have farming, which takes a long time to set up; costs a lot; and even better, during winter it doesn't work anymore. Every single primary method of getting currency, which the entire game runs off of, can be rendered null. And borderline will be rendered null if the game generates a map in the wrong way, so you can basically end up having your game become unplayable because in order to progress you had to destroy everything that you need to progress because the game spawned things in the path of your destruction. This includes the places where you recruit people, they too will be destroyed if you remove the trees around them to progress.The ally programming for the game is also, poor. They automatically choose one side of the base to defend, you cannot choose or change this for yourself. So if the threats on the island are only coming from one side, all the defenders on the other side are useless. You cannot reassign them, and they assign themselves automatically so some archers you recruit will automatically be useless because some will always go to the side you don't need them on. And if your base is being destroyed from one side, all the defenders on the other side won't come to help even if they aren't busy. Sometimes allies will linger outside of the base walls even its night when the monsters will come, you cannot choose what buildings your builders prioritize. If you mark some trees in the wilderness to be cut down or something in the wilderness to be built and it happens to be near night or turn night, the builders will run out to do the thing and get themselves killed by the monsters. You cannot tell the builders to wait until day or retreat, and they like all the other characters in the game are very slow even when running.The programming for the game itself is sub par and amatuerish. Players have to move onto a coin to pick it up, if a coin spawns on them they will not pick them up after the first coin because the game is not coded to check for a coin if they are present; it is coded to check for a coin on impact with one. Catapults will not be pulled back to the wall behind them if the wall they are set behind is destroyed, defenders will crowd at walls that haven't even been built yet over ones that have. Defenders will not change sides to fight off threats even if one side is not being attacked and all the defenders are there while the other side has none and is being attacked; and you have no control over this. Even the deer are badly programmed. The deer are coded to run when they are attacked or approached, but they continue to run in the initial direction they were scared towards even if something new scares them from another direction. Because the deer are not coded to change their direction actively when they are running, they only do it after they stop running. This makes it much harder to hunt deer because when your defenders shoot them and the deer runs, you have to wait for the deer to stop running before you can scare it back towards your defenders to shoot it because it is not coded to change its direction based on where the threat is when it is already running from one.The game doesn't even have that much content, there's some randomization to the maps but barely any, and unique points of interest are actually more of a bother because you have to travel to them anytime you want to do something with them. It takes only an hour or so to reach most of the maximum upgrades on your base, and that's not because you get currency so fast; it's because there's that little upgrades you can make. Technically, this game only has an hour worth of unique content. Yet it's being sold for the price of some indie games, especially Rogue-likes, which offer double digit hours of gameplay.The beautiful graphics, the atmosphere, everything artistic about the game itself is phenominal ten out of ten. But everything gameplay oriented about it is simply just bad. The lack of content, the grind, the lack of diversity, the bare bones poor design of all of the systems, mechanics and programming of the game itself.It's fun for the first hour when everything is new, then it's just boring and subpar on every functional level. This is worth a few dollars at the most, if only for the effort that the artists and sound designers put in. And this is the updated re-release of the game, and it's this generally bad. This game was originally sold for the same price with even less content and polish."
,Recommended,496300,24873945,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,subscribe to 4kres,Review in progress not throught the game completely yet
,Recommended,496300,24871275,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Balto the Thief,10/10 Got to tame a bear.
76561198055031802,Recommended,496300,34794334,Posted: 7 September,all,downarchers,Simplistic and fun town builder.
76561198273000983,Recommended,496300,34783577,Posted: 6 September,all,coopy30,"This game is a nice, 8 bit game for relaxed gamers."
76561198066022068,Not Recommended,496300,28804546,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BOBTHEBUILDER,Baffled by the overwhelmingly positive reviews.This is a 3 button game that plays like a bad mobile port. Pace is very slow and game very quickly becomes boring.Was expecting a kind of rogue like survival base building adventure. What I got was a walking/waiting simulator totally lacking in depth and with really unbalanced enemies.The enemies hose you king in about 5 seconds. Your king has no attacks and your king is required to explore. This highly discourages you from exploring in a game where that should be one of the primary tasks.This was one of the most dissapointing indie titles I have played in a long time.
,Not Recommended,496300,33794567,Posted: 25 July,all,Riddlewrong,"The core strategy, once learned, is used in the exact same way for every level of the game. Levels can either be really short or go on for a really long time as you grind away on the push to the end, and there's nothing new or fun thrown into the mix for different islands. Each island is just the same as the last for the most part, with the various unlocks adding a way to make things easier, but otherwise add little to the gameplay.Once you defeat the final island, the game just starts over. There's not really any story or ending, it's just a big loop. I didn't find such simplistic and repetitive gameplay to be very fun in Classic, and New Lands doesn't add enough to keep me interested beyond the novelty of trying out something that wasn't in the first version of the game. On top of that, the AI is still really unintelligent at times, running around between areas and wasting time -- this often causes catastrophic resource losses that take forever to recover from (if you even can, depending on the stage of the invasion).Overall, if you're not too concerned with depth of strategy and you like really repetitive gameplay, this might be for you. It wasn't for me."
76561198158149244,Not Recommended,496300,25057415,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,tuckboat,Aghhhh.....I have watched blades of grass spring from the earth and reach maturity in less time than it takes for anything of note to happen in this game. Yes it was slightly more enjoyable to play kingdoms over watching my lawn...but not by much.Cool concept of mixing 2d pixel fantasyland platformer layout with the tower defense genre. I give them props for doing something new and familiar all at once. However in the end this game was just not quite fun for me. Yup I know I know there's lot's of good stuff here and there's clearly a good number of player's that enjoy this well enough (90 percent plus postive rating is not easy to achieve) but I am not one of them and you might not be either.Good -Decent amount of difficultySimple controls and upgrade mechanicsPixel Art can be just that and it's particularly well done hereAC/DC -Learning Curve Due to Unexplained Mechanics/SystemsMusic/Atmoshephere sets peaceful serene toneNo StoryThe Bad -Slow....really really slowRepetitive....realy really repetitiveLimited Strategic Depth - Most of the challenge is figuring out what upgrading what does and the applying it. There's no adjusting your strategy vs different setups each game plays out more or less the same.The Deal Breaker - Having to start over your kingdom from scratch is okay if it did not mean doing more of the same things over and over again. Some will argue that if your learning as you play your should be optimizing and doing your base building better and different each time. Well here's the thing...once you figure the best way to do something your still going to have to do that same thing over and over again each time you die and there's just not enough variety in the randomly generated layouts to make much of a difference in your overall setup. The shallow gameplay is okay in and of itself because it requires trial and error to wade your way through. However combined with the fact that your really just going to have walk the same path over and over again if you guess wrong or haven't figured out something just made this game more of a chore than anything else to me.Overall rating 4/10
,Not Recommended,496300,28775692,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Spartan S2A4,it gets to repetitive
76561198091327945,Recommended,496300,24797853,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Sombra,"if you like the classic kingdon you""re going to like this one with new ways to rage its perfect lol"
76561198057195913,Recommended,496300,32966584,Posted: 28 June,all,calfazzo,fun
,Not Recommended,496300,32793795,Posted: 25 June,all,Vino [Olive Garden],"Another (literally) one-dimensional mobile game on PC. Walk left and right and interact with things by pressing The Button. There's strategy to it, and it's kind of cool to see what developers come up with given the design restrictions of the phone gaming space (no fine controls, pick-up-and-play, etc). But this kind of experience feels thin on PC."
,Recommended,496300,30080082,Posted: 21 February,all,Sh4nks,"This game is a piece of art. There is no other way to describe it. The feeling you get while playing this game is so relaxing its almost worth buying just because of that. The music, the art style, the creepyness, all blended into a game that you have to get. The gameplay fits the style as well. It feels like you are actually building the kingdom yourself, watching it grow, then seeing it fall. Personally, it is too hard for me, but I don't mind. I will continue to play this because I love it and I hope more people will bring attention to it."
,Not Recommended,496300,29928053,Posted: 14 February,all,Seacam,"This is a beautiful game, the graphics and music conjure a wonderful atmosphere. The controls too lend themselves well to the gameplay, allowing relatively deep interactions with the environment.Where it falls down however, is in the difficulty curve. I get that 'hard' games are trendy now, and that's fine. What I object to is there being a 'right' way to play a game - strategies that remove any semblance of fun or exploration. I have to do x on day one, y on day three in order to achieve z. And it's complete trial and error up until that point, which is another thing altogether. It isn't unsettling, or engaging when I'm completely destroyed because of a random error I made hours ago, it is just frustrating.The game has become better since its launch, that's for certain. The developers have something interesting on their hands, hopefully it'll evolve into something I'll want to play continuously."
76561198024694181,Recommended,496300,32896234,Posted: 27 June,all,tallpanzer,"Fun time, about three hours long."
76561198217867508,Not Recommended,496300,25711596,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,rnickell116,"The actual gameplay is fun...but either Steam or the developers need to get their acts together.  I have tried all the tricks for  getting the game to load properly...1.  Deleting the storage file.2.  Turning off the Sync in Updates.3.  All that plus reinstalling the game.No matter what I do 4/5 times it won't load no matter how much I try.  I DO NOT want a game I have to reinstall and juggle with programming for an hour to play.As far as I'm concerned, I have wasted $15.00 on a game that DOESN'T WORK.  This is the second time I've bought a game from Steam and BOTH have had these headaches.  I'm starting to think that Steam isn't worth my time, either."
76561198044978709,Recommended,496300,24798628,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,de_onion,"beautiful, nothing more to add."
,Not Recommended,496300,28227017,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kenthria,"I love the look of this game, however gameplay wise it is extremely restrictive. Building placements are annoying, with massive gaps of nothingness that feels pointless and builds into travelling fast distances daily, stopping at every npcs for a second incase they have money.I can get past that though, calling it a shame, however the winter element kills Kingdom: New Lands. At the beginning the game works well, farms, defences etc, like the classic game. But quite soon in snow starts, farms become useless along with farmers, your merchant stops bringing gold in, and theres no animals for your troops to attack, so basically very little gold income. The attacks still happen though, as you go 40 days, and i've heard 70 being mentioned, with endless snow.The AI as well needs a real shake up. Armies forming while more effective positions are left empty. Troops prioritising moving to the side that isn't attacked rather than the only one that is...in general it feels like this game is a great opportunity missed. A change at a game about building where you want, what you want, to include better strategy. Whethering winters that last 10 days, as with all seasons making differences to income and more factors (less horse stamina in summer?)."
,Recommended,496300,30271722,Posted: 1 March,all,hlookenbill,"Gorgeous game, great soundtrack, and solid build."
76561198093806604,Not Recommended,496300,25999783,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Quesadilla | Trade.tf,"This game is just very ""grindy"", especially at the start.I got this game because it seemed fun when I watch ""HuneyBunnyGames"" watch it on youtube. But it is just very repetitve and not worth the time or money."
,Recommended,496300,25619601,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,afk t spawn,"best game to play when drink , reading a book, touching yourself, watching movie, podcast, etc.also best boat crashing simulator 2017"
,Recommended,496300,24833321,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Vipr Nixel | YT,The beginning game was amazing now it just got better!! if u havent already downloaded this plz do it is a great game!!!!!!!
76561198068401107,Not Recommended,496300,25334465,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Ernesto Bananez,"I've played the original Kingdom and so the review I'm writing here applies to both, since in the time I played I couldn't yet see a difference and the basic gameplay remains identical.This is a game that, I think, is designed to be obtuse and frustrating, one that attempts to teach without words and that does, if you're willing to learn through constant failure at the hands of events whose magnitude you can't plan for but that you're *required* to plan for so you can get enough gold to build a dozen random objects in the world whose functionality isn't evident at all but that might become less opaque if you keep pumping gold into them, all the while hoping that your townspeople are smart enough to run away instead of standing right in front of a horde of enemies about to mow them down, thus costing you half your in-game wealth (spoiler alert: they're not).On that last point, the AI of your townspeople is awful. Well not awful, just, by the design of the game there are times when it is ABSOLUTELY CRITICAL to direct them, but you can't. Say you just had builders finish a gate that then gets attacked by a horde of enemies that the random generation determined would be massive tonight. It becomes clear that the gate is going to break. Instead of reacting to this, say by going and hiding behind one of your other, inner gates, the builders just stand there and get murdered by the enemies, costing you a dozen in-game days of playtime and leaving you without half of the force that could have rebuilt the gate. And again, there's no way to direct them. You can go to the other side of the map and try to get them to build something, but that's a workaround for a simple, necessary mechanic that should have been put in the game in the first place. In a management game like this, it's kind of a deathblow if you can lose because of stupid AI that's supposed to be on your side but whose actions you really can't plan for.To summarize, it's a try-fail-retool your approach-try again type game and honestly, not a great one. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone."
76561198328806576,Recommended,496300,28476706,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,g0lddenpanda,Kingdom is a butifull game that is a fun castle-building game. You defend agenst waves upun waves of little gremlins every night.
76561198079960850,Recommended,496300,28463111,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Bill Clintons Bee Farm,1. Build kingdom.2. Travel to different lands.3. Spend hours in game.4. Lose everything.5. Cry.6. Repeat.
,Recommended,496300,24858016,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Nutella,"Day 1: A ghost haunted my a$$ and showed me how to survive (thank god he showed up, I wouldn't be alive right now if it weren't for him)Day 2: I get more peeps for my camp and build wood walls and defences and other♥♥♥♥♥♥Day 3: Somewhere I find a structure built out of wood. I threw my coins at it and it magicly transformed into stone. Later when I came home, I figured out I can build stone walls out of stone!Day 4: I threw my coins out to some weird♥♥♥♥♥rocks and my builders came and built some....Whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you call them....Oh! Towers! Right...So my archers could be better at killing those mofos that are trying to get my sweeta$$ crown.Day 10: Those motherf*ckers are getting more and more tougher everyday...Day 15: They nearly killed everyone in my camp!!Day 20: OMFG!! THEY KILLED EVERYONE!! SOMEBODY HELP ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!....Day 21: I ran back to my camp, finding out they distroyed everything and killed everyone.......Day -0,23672: I'm srsly starving...Day 25: ......Dead....THE END."
76561198262952162,Recommended,496300,28662371,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BubbaBookaBoo,VERY GOOD
,Not Recommended,496300,25215168,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Blackaroni and Chizzle,i just got this game and i already have 7 hours thats not normal for me. I get so into this game i cant tell how much time has past cause its like a better minecraft. I highly recomend this game to anyone who likes the type of city building or rescourse management games. jk jk this game is a waste of my time i played like an hour and fell alseep for the other 7 i would not recomend this game to anyone
,Recommended,496300,27688118,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vaeuth,"In this game you have to build a wall to ""protect"" your ""country"" from evil black people.Basically you are trump."
76561198198497287,Recommended,496300,24831931,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,overseer700,I love the new game the sond track is funominal and the graficks are even beter
76561198259977337,Recommended,496300,28776793,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Qeb Sekani,"Good gameplay, nice sound"
,Recommended,496300,25342626,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Milark,such kingdom very game
76561198019281505,Recommended,496300,25351780,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,RenSeal,"Simple but absolutely STUNNING game with addictive sense that forces you to stay focused and pick your priorities carefully in order to succeed.If you like basic, but yet difficult, check this game out, you might at LEAST love the design and the music.MUUUCH love to this game and it's creators, I wants moooore! <3"
76561198112915382,Recommended,496300,27947315,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cykawarrior,"Not only a good game, but also a game to spend ur time."
,Recommended,496300,24811125,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Ana,I LOVE THIS GAME YOU SHOULD BUY IT FAST IS SO SO COLL AND IT;S GIVE YOU KINGDOM NEW LANDS AND KINGDOM CLASSIC SO COOL!
76561198167773923,Recommended,496300,24910915,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,UN1DENT1F13D,+gorgous pixel art+awesome music+awesome sound+good gameplay+good AI+difficult-lack of freedom-can bring up a lot of rage
,Recommended,496300,24903272,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Epidemic 2.0,good game
76561198230124320,Recommended,496300,24910582,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,sn1per5000,awsome gamegot ongot to feel cool for ten days♥♥♥♥ed everything updied next blood moon
76561198241666928,Recommended,496300,25193016,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,COAEEEEE!!,"A game wich continue to live on,a funny and really dramatic game as you never know what can happen.A really good game wich shall countine adding more mods or developing even to a 3D version.But for moment it is very cool as it is."
76561198245370280,Recommended,496300,24810779,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Rich.,EPIC
76561198136912079,Recommended,496300,34740411,Posted: 4 September,all,123bomba,s
76561198088097064,Recommended,496300,24809863,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Gophie Gobber,Now that I got that proplem fixed thanks to Jonas Its awesome it's the original Kingdom but with more things that make it a better experince.
76561198067108312,Recommended,496300,26166713,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Bugy,Megaaa!
76561197968821487,Recommended,496300,30613986,Posted: 19 March,all,Freddy,simple and perfekt! i love this game!!!
,Recommended,496300,30230103,Posted: 27 February,all,Kruche ciasteczka z marmoladą,100/100
,Recommended,496300,29047283,Posted: 5 January,all,EbolafromMenola,HELP IT SUCKED MY SOUL OUT AND NOW IM TRAPPED INSIDE THE GAMEIM FORCED TO HAVE FUN FOR HOURS ON END GOD HELP MEHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELP
76561198062282302,Recommended,496300,24799526,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,MarineKing,Shipwreck simulator
,Recommended,496300,26293451,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,McPingu,"So, this is some kind of Clicker game, but it's really notand it's really good.You basically manage a settlement with gold, throwing gold at stuff solves everything, and your mission is to avoid dying. It's actually very engaging and time flies when playing it.Really easy to pick up even with it's minimal UI and very intuitive to play. I would recommend checking it out."
,Not Recommended,496300,25101756,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Cuil,"AI is absolutely awful and as for learning the mechanics you're entirely on your own. Difficulty increase is too steep it's like day 1 is smooth sailing and the next your kingdom will be wiped out. Not worth the full $15, but I can't get a refund as I played over 2 hours thinking it would get better."
76561198068339167,Not Recommended,496300,24838609,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Bigweld,"Potatoes return...seriously the AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as ♥♥♥♥...the archers dont know how to aimthe builders hang around at the edge of the kindom and instantly get rekt if a wall is brokenthe builders dont have a set building priority either, theyd rather build the stupid boat than help 1 builder repair the defenses that will save their liveswhy is the only camp that gives me 2+ refugees at the edge of the map so when i hire the people there they dont even make it back?why dont the farmers make the same amount of plots as there are farmers?WHY CANT PEOPLE RUN UNLESS THEYRE TRING TO GRAB COINS OR EQUIPMENT OR GET BACK TO THE CASTLE BEFORE NIGHT??? THEYRE SOOO SLOOOOOOOWWWW!!!!!11/10 built kindom up. upgraded a wall. builders decided not to upgrade wall. got mostly deaded"
76561197971049654,Not Recommended,496300,24843662,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Khyron,"Firstly, this review is from a player who has already played the first version and so most points rasied are from that point of view and probably more relevant to existing players.  However, new players might be interested in some opinions of the difference between each version. So, feedback:The previous Kingdom base game was great, and the mechanics of the game, after some patching & tweaking, worked well.  The 'new lands' version however has disrupted the balance that the game previous achieved with the addition of a lengthened game spread over several islands.  Issues include:- Starting a new kingdom on each island from scratch.  It is now quite repetative and tedioius, especially since the first 2 islands lack any diversity, such as;- Lack of additional mounts on the first 2-3 islands means your horse never changes to a better one (getting sick of eating grass) and makes the first point about camps even worse by dragging out how long it takes.- Lack of portals on the first 1-2 islands (though they are slightly smaller worlds I think).- The save system (or forced contol of not being able to actually save at will) was fine when there weren't 'levels' as it was more of a challenge based game (improving your survival count).  However, now that there are levels, and considering how much repetative effort you have to go through to get through the first few islands/levels, the save system could do with more user control (ctrl+alt+delete when your crown is taken and returning to the game does not work as a work around).  Being able to resume from the same island for example.- When you died, and before it was a matter of management, you aimed to improve your day count.  But I find there is no motivation to imrpove your day count of the first 1-2 islands, making them undesirable to be repeated.- the advertising would have you believe that there are new features, such as new mounts (bears and elks and such) and new characters.  The characters however do nothing but wander around you camp, and I never saw any of the new mounts (it even lacked the black horse).Above is what I feel are non-personal points I feel need to be improved before I can give this game a better rating.Personal feeback: I died on the third island from one tiny mistake in managing the freaking horses stamina (damn grass, and lack of better steed) whilst getting another camp going 'yet again'.  After restarting the game back on island/level one I am not motivated to play this again (unlike the previous version).  Again, this is due to the lack diversity and interest in the first 2 islands/levels.  It's as if the levels have been gutted in order to save the diversity for the last levels.  The only new thing on island/level 3 was more portals (though there was 1-2 on level 2).Overall I still rate the first Kingdom version highly, just not this 'new lands' version yet."
76561198038037769,Not Recommended,496300,25025150,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,treelaunka,A good game with a saggering amount of over-sight in development.Bad AI is the reason you will lose a lot of games.
,Recommended,496300,30811758,Posted: 29 March,all,kingopingo,"Kingdom is 1 of my favorite games...the game is a 2d scroller that talks about a king trying to build his kigdom for scratch,although the game is tough and challenging,It is fun and can be fun if for any reason u dont have internet.Pros:1.Challenging gameplay.2.Creative idea.3.They really improved this game from its original.Cons:1.Sometimes it can get too challenging.2.Nothing really.They really worked hard on this one,u can see a clear difference between the classic and new lands."
76561198201510228,Not Recommended,496300,24797164,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,DeadZoker,The game fill with bug when you in the 3th island. The farmer stop working and it is always night. I try to restard the game because I thought it is some AI bugs. But then the problem wasn't fix and now the bank doesn't open anymore.So I am stuck because I don't have any income from the farm. The money can not be wthdraw because it close 24/7 (apprently).So I am stcuk here. I dont know how long I can hold them off anymore.People fix this !!
,Recommended,496300,24796960,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Bashiie,"Incredible,,, just.... ♥♥♥♥ing incredible!! 10/10"
76561198171446565,Not Recommended,496300,25450882,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,NASAturtle,Well.. For me the game is way to hard me for to make any progress what so ever i hvae been playing for months and no further in game at this point its just useless effort and i cant even get to the new features or even a new island >_<and developers please make a difficulty option i would be very happy if you did
76561198121403316,Not Recommended,496300,26275989,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Picklecricket McDappingtonshire,"Basically the orignal game, but then with islands (which are all pretty identical)... Still not a lot of replayability. :("
,Not Recommended,496300,24881328,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ZombieYahweh,Buggy and bad AI.Recommend waiting for patches before purchasing.
,Not Recommended,496300,32720729,Posted: 24 June,all,✪ tommy | Farmskins.com,"I thought it will be funnier... But its boring, you are doing the same things every time."
76561198031208547,Not Recommended,496300,25186936,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,buttwife,"Fun casual game for a while, but gameplay mechanics aren't clear and you can't control any of the units at all. Combine this with bad AI and get ready for a headache the moment you try to do anything beyond ""try this and see what happens."""
76561198232084168,Recommended,496300,31696080,Posted: 11 May,all,Gyzmo.Firefall,Gaem is purty gud
,Not Recommended,496300,33073242,Posted: 1 July,all,Pew The Communist,"This game is very repetitive and it dosent worth his price even when is reduced by half , wait for 90 %"
,Not Recommended,496300,24968476,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ronzilla,"I feel like there's a ton of great stuff hidden in this game...but I have to trial & error my way through finding it. No instructions/guidance on how to do anything, or why a player might want to, say, invest coins on a statue in the forest.Instead of telling/showing the interesting stuff in the game, the player has to resort to trial & error to discover any of it."
,Not Recommended,496300,30350476,Posted: 5 March,all,TUSHAR451,"Now that the game is too easy, the lack of depth becomes more apparent."
,Recommended,496300,24807505,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,The Toileter,Poop gold.
76561198069115726,Recommended,496300,24810725,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Fread,good game 10/10
76561198032435065,Not Recommended,496300,29191465,Posted: 11 January,all,ogreburdened,"ai is junk, pretty much same as previous game"
76561198020396907,Recommended,496300,31005878,Posted: 7 April,all,Samsonzi,"I must be thick, but i have googled the controls for this game and came up short! and the options menu leaves me wanting! please tell me where i can find the controls for this game? ps. devs this should be blindly obvious!"
76561197993568711,Not Recommended,496300,31511106,Posted: 2 May,all,Dumpy Potsticker,Pros: Great pixel art.Cons: The game sucks.
76561198072983661,Recommended,496300,33171582,Posted: 3 July,all,Jack-Jack,"Im into collecting things in games and this one basically hands me that since all the islands has a couple strewn about (technically).Basically, Im a simple man, it may be repetitive to a point [control land, build ship, head to new island] but it's a nice simple game that can fk you over real quick."
,Recommended,496300,30089668,Posted: 21 February,all,connor,pretty cool
76561198323106922,Recommended,496300,30020700,Posted: 18 February,all,►Paľkø◄,please update
76561197970384883,Recommended,496300,26170260,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FHDA,76%
76561198164081784,Not Recommended,496300,24826797,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Izen,"the pixel art is fantastic, but it is more of an Arcade game than anything else. Mobile game at most, too expensive for few hours gameplay,"
,Not Recommended,496300,24831423,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Dr. Jonny,"Definitly not worth 15 ♥♥♥♥ing Dollars/Euros.Its more like a mini-DLC instead of a new game, any other Indie-Developer would release this as a free part of the game (for everyone).The added gameplay ""mechanics"" are minor and are not justifying the price at all.Besides that, I lost my complete progress (after 5 Islands/ 6 Hours of playing) with an ""oops"" crash of the game.6 hours for nothing, lost my whole motivation since its a progress-driven ""DLC"".Thanks for a half-baked ""GAME"", devs."
,Not Recommended,496300,28476544,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Jazzepi,"Reptitive, and boring. This game should have been released on an iPad not a PC. The majority of the game consists of holding down the left or right arrow key while you crawl across the landscape. It's got an element of tower defense, but don't expect any kind of interesting tactics. You simply build archers, and build walls. The more the merrier. Probably the only meaningful decision to make is when to leave your camp to pickup new peasents"
,Not Recommended,496300,30865728,Posted: 31 March,all,Oska,"This game was AMAZING to start with, but that's just it, to start with, gonna cop a lot of hate for this, but in my PERSONAL oppinion, it got very boring very fast."
,Not Recommended,496300,25205830,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,⎝Stevepunk⎠,"The game is very basic and frequently things will happen that you did not intend due to the lack of control (case in point: on the map screen Left/Up/Down move the cursor and Down will Confirm the current selection which is truly bizarre considering that the next island is sometimes below the previous).For such a basic game $15 seems a bit much - it should be closer to $5 - all you can do is move left and right, sprint (which runs out too early), and drop money. Frequently there will be a buildup of archers on one side with no enemies while the other side is struggling.And the game punishes you hard for failing when failing is usually due to the game design rather than player action. I've only played it for one day and am already over it (and when you die it forces you to start over completely).A fun little game but wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,496300,28215411,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Coyote,A charming game with excellent art direction. An abysmal experience to play. Ride slowly back and forth across the same 15 screens on an asthmatic horse. Build a wall at the wrong time and watch your military be ripped to shreds. Receive pitiful residual income from your residents. Realize you've been playing for two hours and have accomplished nothing interesting.
,Recommended,496300,31483644,Posted: 1 May,all,♫Sappfire_Leomand♫,Get this game for free?Here's how1. buy the game2.Install the game3.refund it4.go to local file and find the game aplication5.Click it6.And so you get the game for free (Dont unistall it)
76561197966358311,Not Recommended,496300,25810487,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Ketamarine,"No meaningful tutorial, no controls in game, no explanation of the basic concepts of winning the game.And a terrible AI that seems to literally be working against you at times. I had a ton of archers just sitting around doing nothing with a horde of rabbits and deer jus toutside my village."
76561198052324887,Not Recommended,496300,30365990,Posted: 6 March,all,MistuhMeseekz,"Demanded a refund after 40 minutes. This game is so shallow that it gives Paris Hilton a run for her money. A shame. Visually this game looks great. Gameplay-wise i might as well have sat down and colored a book with pre-outlined Disney characters. Boiled down, you can move left... or right... or use up to pay for stuff. Compared to what you get I'd say this game is 10€ too expensive [It's 14,99€ as of writing]. I guess dev's were going for simplistic and in that respect they nailed it. Some people like it that way. However for me, in regards to minimalistic mechanics i found the actual gameplay being a tedious boring chore. I bet the guy from Slingblade would have loved this game."
76561198216417175,Not Recommended,496300,25042423,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,creatureofdoom900,it crashes whenever i start it up plz fix so i can play i bought this game when it was just classic kingdom and am quite sad that i cant play this my computer should be able to run it just fine but it wont finish startup
76561197960406015,Not Recommended,496300,25053536,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,kinG<3Seaker,No control and really boring
,Not Recommended,496300,28887189,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,madSimon,"It's a neat little game, and I wish I could recommend it, but the AI is just too dumb for a game that takes this long to play."
76561198055663208,Not Recommended,496300,30037166,Posted: 19 February,all,doc_nak,"This game is so broken and horrible.  There is no balance and it is very slow and painful.  You will spend hours building your ""kingdom"" that you have zero control over.  Your only job is to run back and forth putting gold into buildings and units.   Your only real source of making gold is by farming, which is the most expensive unit to purchase.  The game has seasons and you cannot farm in winter.  By the time you are set up to start farming, winter will come soon after, and you will be stuck with a bunch of farming units, who although carry big♥♥♥♥♥scythes, cannot defend themselves.  They will hang out in your town and do nothing and then magically disappear halfway through winter.   What takes you 20 game days to build, will be lost in 1 night, leaving you little hope to recover.  The AI is stupid, and will often get themselves killed.  There is no interface, and your horse can only sprint for 15 seconds, and then it takes 15 seconds to recover your stamina.  This is especially painful since when your horse is at walking speed you cannot out run the enemy.   There is a trader which you pay 1 gold and he returns the next day with gold.  Problem here is the trader goes to a location very close to your starting spot, meaning if you spread too far in that direction you will no longer be able to trade, which is your only source of income during the winter.  This forces you to save at least 1 gold to give him every day, so if you lost any units (you have to pay 1g to recruit them back + buy their tool again, meaning if you lost a farmer it will cost you 5g to get him back).  If you do not save that 1g and spend it, game over.  You will not be able to get any more gold until winter ends.  Sure you can TRY to chase deer back to your town in hopes your archers can shoot them, however the deer are buggy and get stuck at the end of the map, and will suddenly change direction and run right past you, and since you can only sprint for 15 seconds, all the time you spent chasing them back to your town has been wasted.  Keep in mind it is 1 and done.  You die, game over.  So your 10 hour game will end off some terrible game mechanic (like getting hit from the left with no coins, and your crown flies off your head to the left, right into the hands of the enemy).   HORRIBLE HORRIBLE game, do not purchase or you will regret."
76561197962889940,Not Recommended,496300,33719475,Posted: 22 July,all,Capt_SexyPants,Great game... until winter...
,Recommended,496300,31845925,Posted: 19 May,all,CupCupBaconBox,Thanks for your opinion.
76561198282762992,Recommended,496300,31003908,Posted: 7 April,all,Squirrel with switchblade,I absolutely love this game it is a very good mix of skill luck strategy and trial and error
,Recommended,496300,28925723,Posted: 1 January,all,ArtemisHunt,"Wow. Just wow. What an amazing game.So Kingdom: New Lands is an RTS in which you play a Monarch that is trying to rebuild the kingdom of their ancestors. You recruit goons of questionable virtue and build a kingdom from a small fortune you found lying around. Lord knows how it got there but who cares. Use this gold to rebuild your kingdom. But it seems that someone knows of your attempt to rebuild your kingdom because every night you get assaulted by mobs and mobs of goons. But you couldn't, nay, you'd never sully your hands by fighting the goons yourselves. So you have your archers fight the goons for you and you just have to sit back and pray that your walls are thick enough. If you'd like to stem the flow of goons, you can destroy portals using knight squads. Each knight can have three archers following them. The knights don't attack the portal, they just hold the line so their archer squads can do the work.Every few nights a Red Moon appears in the sky and during this night you get mobbed by even more enemies than usual. Normally this wouldn't be that much of a problem but your archers have the accuracy of blind man firing a BB gun at a flea on your cat. The good part about Red Moons is that the enemies will only spawn from one side. I think there's a possible exception if you destroy a portal right before it though.There are various shrines you can offer gold to if you want to buff your units (and why wouldn't you) but they can get pretty pricey if your income is stifled by... I dunno... the swarms of goons at your door. And then your knights are such♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that if the wall gets low on health, instead of doing their jerb and holding the line they run back to an inner wall. And they bring their archer squads with them! The number of times I yelled at my computer because if the knights had stayed and let their archers keep firing, we wouldn't have lost that wall! Christ.And don't get me started on the engineers. If you happen to accidentally mark a tree for removal out in the middle of nowhere, your engineers will continually suicide at it until they cut it down! And sometimes your archers will stay out hunting way past their bedtime and get gooned. And sometimes you need that extra gold coin and your archer will shoot like five arrows at a rabbit and miss every time. PUT. ON. YOUR. GLASSES.The only downside to this game (I would say) is that each level takes like two hours to complete. Oh, and if you want to clear the last island, it's imperative that you set yourself up by beating a prior island (I chose the first island for ease) because the small fortune you find at the beginning of the game is a little tooooo small.That said, it's very absorbing. I accidentally played through the night until I had to get up for work several times. ""Just one more attempt."" The game nicely works its way into itself for replays too. After your die, your new monarch will be the ghost that leads you to the new site. There's a war horse you can ride that spawns in a battlefield. One of the background textures for that battlefield is the body of your old monarch. The little touches. 100% recommend."
,Recommended,496300,30768917,Posted: 27 March,all,TheLazy9,Beautiful and fun game 12/10
,Recommended,496300,24796530,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Soupfanatic,"New lands, New content, New content, New rage! This is still fun though."
,Not Recommended,496300,27411060,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TZer0,"I ended up refunding this.I liked the theme and the aesthetics, the music, and the general idea of just trying things to figure them out.The problem I had was that the AI is not bad, but downright horrible.First game went to hell when both my archers decided to guard the same guard post as there was no guard post on both sides, meaning that one side of the village was undefended.Second game went to hell because the guard post was constructed approximately two seconds after the archers decided to go man them and they didn't redistribute after it was finished.You can't instruct people in your service to rally to you or anything like that. You can also not attack (at least.. I couldn't in the beginning, who knows what happens later on).  I'm a fan of streamlining, but not to such an extent that it comes in the way of the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,496300,25230911,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Dom,"Played the original Kingdom for like 3 hours before my patience was drained. Played this one for 0.8 hours before the same happened. In that time all I saw was that they removed the only constant source of income, so I spent days through vi–xii scrounging for money.Basically, if you run out of money, it's impossible to get back up because every day you'll spend 3-4 gold on every unfortunate worker that was hit the night before because the day before you already didn't have enough money to fortify or spend 20 coins on a wall."
,Recommended,496300,24894749,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Noxivi,"This game is basicly about running from your own greed.Sailing from island to island to safe your oh so precious crown.Pretty nice, Donald dump recommends!"
76561198117356041,Not Recommended,496300,25184455,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Warrmann,Really too hard to be funny
76561198002733960,Not Recommended,496300,29656167,Posted: 2 February,all,Peace and Love,I wanted to like this game but there are some design choices that make it very frustrating. Your troops are stubborn and always seem to face the opposite way that you want them to. There is no indication of what is happening at the edges of your kingdom. Could have been good
,Not Recommended,496300,28110760,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,SandvichKiller,"Eh. That's the word that comes to mind with this game. It's gameplay? Eh. It's visuals? Eh. It's story? Double eh. This game suffers from the same problems Kingdom Classic does. It's boring. I have less than an hour on this game. It's because it failed to keep me interested. Same case with Classic. I have about an hour, but it just got boring."
,Recommended,496300,25561623,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,worldwar2,it does not work
,Recommended,496300,24833272,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,The Emperor,Get rekt people who didn't have the base game.
76561198103005061,Recommended,496300,32552939,Posted: 18 June,all,bocajmantup,very goodly i r8 8/8 gr8 m8 would recommend
76561198220645184,Recommended,496300,30938345,Posted: 4 April,all,Fuzzyscreenbroadcast,"A Fantasitic game, fun, simple and brillient!I would defanatly recomend it!!!!!!"
76561198012120582,Not Recommended,496300,29640332,Posted: 1 February,all,RaveDigger,Very simple game (literally the only keys are WASD) and progression consists of traveling from island to island doing the same thing over and over. Only redeeming aspect are the aesthetic and soundtrack. Not worth $15.
,Recommended,496300,32933123,Posted: 28 June,all,WolvenTower,Its good...
76561198147231902,Not Recommended,496300,32279523,Posted: 8 June,all,my7luus,It's not what I thought it would be. It's fun for about an hour but after that it's pretty boring
,Recommended,496300,24833289,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Riddle Master,get gud and game gud.
,Recommended,496300,24916702,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,🅱️onelessRanger,Found a dog10/10
,Not Recommended,496300,29344284,Posted: 18 January,all,Nobushige,was fun for 5 hoursthen it just repeatsif you plan on buying thisdon't buy this full priceit's a rip off
76561198274613072,Not Recommended,496300,25096455,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,DooM Marine,"Hi, I like this game but I have a problem, the knights don't wany to be bought, any idea how I fix this?"
76561198218855195,Recommended,496300,28612316,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,メシャーリ- NO -,:D
,Recommended,496300,24796439,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,hardshell1,the only thing i dislike is that you dont get chests and run out of monye
76561198029669586,Not Recommended,496300,25455393,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SKIRMISHER,"Pass on this game. Little entertainment value. No game configuration available. Replay value only created by the difficulty of the game. Limited to two groups of five archers led by two knights attacking portal. In daylight, both knights were destroyed in sight of the portal but before reaching it. Archers run as soon as knights die. Let the developers starve."
,Recommended,496300,28585586,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SpooderMan4653,Donald Trump simulator. Hey thats pretty good.
76561198334992555,Not Recommended,496300,32371187,Posted: 12 June,all,kingfinnigan,i think its false advertising
76561198140346223,Not Recommended,496300,25226781,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,bcjcb,this is symmetrical to the last game only adding a few things. do not buy
,Recommended,496300,25167843,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,👾 🅼 🅰❎ツ,Love this game
76561198324284729,Not Recommended,496300,29324135,Posted: 17 January,all,DatBoi,Too much money for so little theres nothingto do its so boring and for that much i could get Cs on my smurf
76561198019584864,Not Recommended,496300,29551951,Posted: 28 January,all,Devorlast,"I could sum this game up in one phrase - RNG at its finest... If you are lucky and the random world generator gives you the right setup you can pretty easily finish your ship in 15 turns or less. However if that is not the case then get ready for some painful nights where your settlement gets wiped out because you have three wall building points in a row and only one tower... Why cant you build defenses wherever you want? Because the game designer was lazy and didnt want to make the effort of adding a build command so everything in the game is done by dropping money in to it instead. I remember Majesty game going a way similar to Kingdom, where you had no direct control over your people, but it was still done a lot better than this. I had fun with this game for the first hour or two while exploring and learning the mechanics, once I realized that some 60% of how the game will play out is up to the RNG happening while the map generates I gave up. I tried to give this game a chance a few more times but ultimately I dont like games that play themselves and the player has very marginal input on what will happen. Pretty sure that is not how you should feel being a king."
,Not Recommended,496300,24936822,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Cartof,"Unfortunately the ""new game"" makes the same ballance mistakes like the first one. Really sorry..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ej58fSo6Qrw"
76561198297766123,Not Recommended,496300,31135442,Posted: 14 April,all,sondregamer112,Just three buttons. Not funny
,Recommended,496300,25007256,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,m͓̽i͓̽n͓̽a͓̽,Nice game
,Not Recommended,496300,25062243,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,ilcavero,nice art and somewhat addictive but frustrating game mechanics and very little content sink this game to the flash game garbage tier
,Not Recommended,496300,28786488,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Nepttune,Meh
76561198112191533,Recommended,496300,30660466,Posted: 21 March,all,Everitt,The blood moon rises...
,Recommended,496300,24833081,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,BSJ Student,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
,Not Recommended,496300,24806686,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,AAAAA,"A game filled with RNG and tedium of the worst kind, only buy if you enjoy sitting on your butt for 20-30 minutes at a time waiting for boats to cross an island and troops to arrange themselves in silly patterns (often condemning you to a slow and tedious death)"
76561198013462546,Not Recommended,496300,25656942,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,7thsojurn,Agian another game that plays so well on you tube that don't work worth @@@@ on my system window 10 alian ware whyyyyy whyyyyy is the question all your games i buy stop working or just freeze up my computer... junk junk al i get from this site....
,Recommended,496300,24797294,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Tris,"Me before playing K:NL:／ﾌﾌ        ム｀ヽ/          ） ヽ/ ｜　　( ° ͜ʖ °）ノ （ゝ.,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-人`ーﾉMe after playing K:NL:／ﾌﾌ        ム｀ヽ/          ） ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)  ノ （ゝ.,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-人`ーﾉWhat did you expect?"
76561198147938484,Not Recommended,496300,24913976,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Moldy Turtle Burgers,"Boring and confusing,  just like the first game."
,Not Recommended,496300,31798841,Posted: 16 May,all,MARDY,dont buy it or you regret it
,Not Recommended,496300,24805492,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Nechayev,Legwork: The GameBasically a combination of all the worst features of Mount & Blade.
,Not Recommended,496300,28604670,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Real_Pinochet,i just have no interest in it.
,Not Recommended,496300,25017724,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,技能点全加卖萌上了,"NO CHINESE NO BUY, NO BUY YOU WILL HAVE NO MONEY.NO MONEY YOUR GAME DIE.FACE THE TRUTH. CHINESE IS THE RICHEST PLAER, SO MAKE IT CHINESE.请支持steam平台全面汉化！！！！"
,Recommended,496300,30386861,Posted: 7 March,all,DadouXIII,"A bigger and better version of the original, how could I not recommend it :)"
76561197989465075,Recommended,496300,30479798,Posted: 12 March,all,Sarpedon,I found this game very engrossing. Couldn't stop playing once I started. Just. One. More. Moon.
76561198022376038,Recommended,496300,26004274,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Dan7,"It's mechanics are simple, yet not too explicit. The game leaves room for exploration and mistake, which is what makes a good game great. And it's quite addicting."
76561198305863237,Recommended,496300,30440372,Posted: 10 March,all,ichangethemaptothesamemap,"Awesome game. Howver, they should find a way for buyers like me to have the game for free on mobile devices... it's really annoying that i need to buy the game again which i probably won't since it's a waste of money and i don't have lots of that stuff"
76561198076758819,Recommended,496300,30492393,Posted: 13 March,all,werewolf.spookshow,"This is probably the best game I've ever played on Steam. It kept me addicted, unable to quit even if I lost the level and had to start over."
,Recommended,496300,27337806,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,アダム  | Sticknleaf',Very Nice
76561198015171534,Recommended,496300,30627134,Posted: 19 March,all,zoupskim,"Kingdom is a work of gaming art, and one of the finest RTS games I have ever played.Imagine trying to teach your three-year-old to control an army in a Total War game, or attempting to explain the diplomatic options in a Civilization game to your seven-year-old. Imagine trying to explain the advanced build orders and timing attacks in a bronze league Starcraft 2 match to a thirty-year-old adult, who's never played a strategy game.Now, imagine that same three year old, making the descision to shift her primary income to agriculture, due to the degredation of hunting grounds after expanding.Kingdom: New Lands creates an engaging, and complicated strategy experience with a few extremely refined tools and concepts. These concepts are surprisingly simple; there are only three resources(player attention, money, and timing), only four in-game keyboard imputs(left, right, up, down), and you interact with your units and buildings only one way. Yet, the depth, and challenge that the developers squeeze out of these basic comcepts is phenomenal, and unlike anything I have seen in a game.You start every round of Kingdom the same way: a monarch astride a hours, a few coins in hand, and a ghost telling you where to go. You find a few vagabounds around a fire. Here, you learn how to spend your first resource.Coin. By spending coin on things you build your units and buildings: the vagabonds become serfs, the snuffed out fire becomes the base of your camp, and merchants provide weapons and tools for your camp. Serfs become hunters and a source of more coin, and builders improve your structures, but only if you have to coin. As you spend coin your settlement grows, and you learn about the second resource.Player attention. There are only two directions you can move in Kindom: Left, or right. As you build your settlemet, the distance between all your sources of income and tools become larger, and the time it takes to get there becomes longer. You soon find that managing a larger settlement requires you to choose what is most important at that time. Do you move left and harvest the coin from your farmers, or spend time recruiting more vagabonds? Do you go back every time the merchants arrive in your settlement with coin, or do you skip a few visits to clear more forest during the day? The sense of urgency, and choices you make due to have to be there to manage everything is amazing, and soon you are faced with the hardest resource to manage.Timing. The ultimate goal of Kingdom is to rebuild a boat to escape from the Island, in order to save your monarch from the night time enemy of the game, the aptly named ""Greed"". These gray, zombie-like creatures will break your walls, rob your serfs, and try and steal your crown. As the game progresses, their attacks become more and more dangerous, and  your time and coin is stretched. The trick, is that they only attack at night. You have to learn when it is the right time to spend coin on strengthening your position, and when you can spare coin for the ship to win. Victory is not always sure, and one strong attack can strip you of much of your power. You have to time your spending of coin, and your visits between the crucial parts of your settlement, in order to overcome the Greed and escape.All of this takes place on carefully rendered and randomly generated maps. These three elements are complicated by layout of the land, where everything is important, from the positions of wall and tower sites, to the richness of farming lands. This conflict is so well executed, there is depth and delima to every game. You have to reall pay attention to where you build things, or whether or not you build them at all.Kingdom: New Lands is wonderfully executed, simple to learn, and yet full of depth. My three-year-old learned to play in about an hour, and with a little help from me was able to manage a settlement and make choices that affected her playthrough. It's an amazing game, and worth your time if only to see what can be done by a few well implimented concepts."
,Recommended,496300,30653636,Posted: 21 March,all,Sketch Szabo,"Love this game, tons of replay value. Beautiful art and great soundtrack. 11/10"
,Recommended,496300,24799324,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Faze_360noscopeMaster420blazeIt,"A couple minutes in the game, Found this boat and assuming it leads to other places (like the first one) for more money? we'll see, further then that i found no portal at the right sight."
76561197982542794,Recommended,496300,24802522,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mr_Eko,"""That's gold, Jerry! Gold."""
76561198121753688,Recommended,496300,24801042,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,120cat,Great gme i loved classic and for having it i got this for free and this game is way better then i imagine
76561198176682910,Recommended,496300,24803012,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,privateryan5671,"In my opinion, I'd recommend this game. I got it for free and I couldn't wait to download it. I loved the original, so I knew I would love this. Definitely try Kingdom out."
76561197972364092,Recommended,496300,25215100,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Lockey,"Like the original it's a lovely little game with great art, relaxing music and minimalist but surprisingly deep gameplay.I feel the balance in this one is a little better, but you can still get royally screwed over by the RNG. A well functioning kingdom can be utterly gutted and irrepararlly doomed in just one night. The same frustrating ""A.I."" as in the original will randomly place your defenders, mosty where they are not needed and you cannot do much to influence what the little people do. The terrain generation also sometimes produces indefensible levels with too few possibilities to build towers and none of them near a wall. Once your kingdom reaches critical mass, even a small setback can turn into a huge disaster as your little men pick up the wrong items, leaving you without archers, builders or farmers and they take too long to cross the huge map to get to their assignments, only to get robbed of their items and gold again before repairing the walls or manning the defences. I personally feel the game would be much improved if you could demolish buildings and change the peoples jobs. While it is the point of the game to have kingdoms rise and fall, I really dislike how random it all is.Given its problems, Kingdom: New Lands is still a fascinating and charming little game and I do think it's worth picking up. Just don't waste too much time on bad maps and restart early, or you will end up wasting a lot of time."
,Recommended,496300,25274273,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Billy Kumquats,the game is good but after a few days whenever i opened it it wouldnt loadi waited hours for it to load for nothingi recommend but if that happens to you pls tell me how to fix it
76561198136012457,Recommended,496300,25261020,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,DanKrawciw,"You should play this game because it is really fun. I know, all you do is ride a horse and collect money and then pay people to do stuff for you. I think it is really fun because of the tension involved in watching your city get attacked and not being able to do anything. Still, this game is cool, I think you should invest in it."
,Recommended,496300,25259597,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,tree1568,"Great game, so addictive. Great addition to the series and loving the additions to the game including the islands and different mounts. Still sad to see no archer weighting abilities and the builder AI seems a bit squiffy with them happily standing outside the wall slowly awaiting death. Also in a few cases the builders have been 'distracted' or stopped part way leading to a partially built wall for 40 days +. Would be nice to see a patch for this. Can't wait to see what's next. :)"
76561198173435294,Recommended,496300,25253847,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,allencraig,"Kingdom: New Lands is an absolute gem of an indie game. Simple mechanics, beautiful pixel art style and truely addictive gameplay. There isn't much in the way of a tutorial as half the experience is experimenting with your tactics and figuring out what works. Building your kingdom is a rewarding experience and leaves you feeling satisfied with each new step. There are a bunch of unlockables that add to the experience by introducing new mechanics even ten hours on.If you love the pixel art style and simple but deep gameplay, this game is well worth the investment."
76561198325645569,Recommended,496300,25257293,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,kyle_farren,I liked the animation and the artwork. The gameplay was cool. You could interact with all and everything on the map pretty much. I liked that it involved careful decision-making and did not reward recklessness.Kingdom: New Lands comes with an expansion involving travelling to different islands. This felt a little forced. I would have preferred that they add some kind of story to frame the gameplay. That would have been more welcome.I would recommend this to anyone who loves a good strategy game but hates lots of complicated stats and dials. This game is pure strategy.
,Recommended,496300,25126821,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Devilman954,WAAAAAY too much fun though it did seem easier in the beginning compared to the original game the diffuculty went back to what i remember after leaving the beginning island :P
,Recommended,496300,25129494,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,lift thine eyes,I love this game!
76561198106950787,Recommended,496300,25098183,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,PcPlayer,"8/10 Pretty mutch Kingdom:Classic with some differences. Buy this or the older one, but not both, they're about equally as good. I got this for free since I already had the older one when this came out."
76561198050879547,Recommended,496300,25135477,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Feed Good Inc.,"The simplicity of only playing with 3 buttons betrays the complexity and great replayability of this game.Fun, relaxing, and nostalgic."
76561198272629370,Recommended,496300,25125460,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,kirmitishere19,ilove this game
,Recommended,496300,25174071,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,admiral_adama,This game is a blast and shines in every way that Kingdom does and more. How do you add to perfection?  I don't know but these devs do.What's amazing is that the devs gave existing owners of Kingdom this game for free. It's amazing that anybody would do so but especially with a product of such high quality.
,Recommended,496300,25141236,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ousted,I love this game.  You should own it.
76561198058148139,Recommended,496300,25190417,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,SirFranceAlot,"I love this game, I like that they are trying to improve the longivity of the game, but there are some serious problems with this new version. and really the biggest one is the ""winter."" From what I can tell it lasts for ever and it severly limites the ability of the player to grow and respond to the annual blood moon pushes. I've had two farmes and plenty of farmers but when winter hits, I suddenly only have one working farmer and the rest have disappeared. Ever time I would eventually dig up the coin to rebuild after a devestating blood moon and plan on sealing the portal, I get wrecked by the next blood moon. Really what I'm saying is there needs to be an end to the winter. I like the idea of seasons but at least let me have periods of plenty and periods of want."
,Recommended,496300,25158164,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,CookieBite,overall a better version of the original one.
76561198078579231,Recommended,496300,24997467,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Dannyblack78,"It's bigger and better in every way and certain. ""Kingdom classics"" were good games and this ""New Lands"" have whatever ""Kingdom"" had and more.Pixel graphics are graphics that does not matter for the game is very entertaining and you look forward to future developments.9/10"
76561198220606268,Recommended,496300,24996707,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,BattleSpear21,great game love the artstyle and gameplay
76561198091814767,Recommended,496300,25041269,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Cuddles.,Farmers were too lazy to move to their level 2 farms and farm.I love it.
,Recommended,496300,25094381,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Ayrik,I can't stop playing this game! Some people think it's repetitive but I never thought that. There's always something new around the corner. One thing I don't like is having to spend an entire day to run across my kingdom in the 5th map. There should be closer portals to allow for faster travel earlier on.
,Recommended,496300,25092631,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Warzone_,good game but they really need to add an option to cancel building before the workers finish building something because recently i made a mistake buy which led to almost ruining everything so please devs and also i love the game.
76561198047808643,Recommended,496300,27463746,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Robin,"Even though I pretty much cleared the game, I still come back to it every now and again.For two hours each time, or until greed took my crown, or my wife took my mouse."
,Recommended,496300,27507115,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Acceler01,"Very well done, and the things that were really good was the possibility of adding things to your town if you move to the next island and the fact that you could ""customize"" your character."
76561198280356428,Recommended,496300,27453277,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crafty Bunch,Game of the year. Yes I said it. This could be the game of the year for Steam games. This game is simple but amazing. Must buy.
76561198071720482,Recommended,496300,27533210,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pyr0kid,"better then kingdom, does anything else need to be said? yes. and that is that kingdom is a good game."
76561198033498120,Recommended,496300,27056614,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DrKhorn,9.5/10Gameplay 10/10Gameplay diversity 6.5/10Developer's attitude to the community 10/10Animation 11/10Soundtrack and sound design 11/10
,Recommended,496300,27259393,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,priabudiman,"""Awesome Time Waster""~ 8/10"
,Recommended,496300,24838339,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,JumpRope,BEST USE OF A FARM ANIMAL? <3 <3 <3 <3GET THIS GAME! YOU WONT REGRET IT!Heres my Review:-Graphics and Art-               10/10-Gameplay and Features-    10/10-Theme and Story-               10/10-PLEASE UPDATE MORE-    YES/YES
76561198155467128,Recommended,496300,27205468,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mackroz,Awesome game.
,Recommended,496300,27273238,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Evelend,A very nice a pleasant game to play and enjoy in lazy days. Very nice art and music. The game play some times feels a little bit unfair but it keeps you going.
76561198106782017,Recommended,496300,27342447,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,De_Duck2,Is gud
,Recommended,496300,27303150,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ihm Betmehn,"I can't stop playing, it's too addictive, I don't know what to say apart from ""this is the greatest game i've ever played"""
76561198027565918,Recommended,496300,27304188,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mc Catranco,"Maybe one of the best simple games I've ever played, it may be very repetitive after some time but it still a genius game"
,Recommended,496300,27331756,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Filius Ex Leo,"Relaxing, beautiful take on the Tower Defence genre. The art is honestly gobsmacking."
,Recommended,496300,27324614,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chadatog,"Bought Kingdoms origonally and love that game, would of gladly paid the money for this expanded game as well, but they gave all owners of Kingdom this one for free.  This game is the better experience I recommend this to most who enjoy defence wave based games."
76561198042769910,Recommended,496300,27350235,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Skully,An awesome game but much is the same to its predecessor
,Recommended,496300,27380664,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zambie,Good time management game 10/10 Would play again
76561198067878286,Recommended,496300,27380784,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Authentic,8.5/10Pros:1. Challenging2. Fun to figure out what to do3. Simple when you figure it out4. Addicting5. Replay valueCons:1. Unforgiving2. Lack of total control over AI (could be a Pro towards Challenging)
76561197972347196,Recommended,496300,27363997,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,troglodyte,"A simple and fun game.  It is repetitive at times, but you will want to keep playing nonetheless."
,Recommended,496300,27358214,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Armag,woth every $$$
76561198091745674,Recommended,496300,27360677,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DRunner,I love this game the most !
,Recommended,496300,24822292,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,BlueOrange,"New Lands improves on Kingdom in a number of ways.  Replay value no longer depends on 'working out what the heck is going on' followed by 'getting the achievements' - there's a campaign mode now.  Frustrating friendly AI behaviours are much better now, and you no longer spend time wondering why your guys are doing stupid things.  Strategic options have improved, and you're no longer forced to construct your defences like an eggshell.It's still 'that game where you ride from left to right, throwing money at people', you'll either love the haiku-esque philosophy or not.  I've loved this game for a while - but with the New Lands edition, my love is purified of misgivings."
76561198084793657,Recommended,496300,24822615,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,paper_umbrellas,"Quick to pick up and very fun.I had the first game and liked it, but this is a great improvement."
76561198001290355,Recommended,496300,24821683,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Tyranids21,"amazing game, wonderful soundtrack."
,Recommended,496300,24821751,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,~MennoBarten,"I love this game, the atmosphere in this game is really good too, when you walk through the forest you really get that dark feeling of a big spoopy forest, the gameplay is very creative.one little note, the first time me playing this I really didn't know what to do, the only way to know what to do in this game is to try it for yourself and fail horribly. try little things, buy thigs you think you'll not use just to see what it is/does."
76561197998933813,Recommended,496300,24821831,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Mr.Whitefolks,"I can't recommend this game highly enough. It's a minimalist work of art, a rpg told through pictures instead of words. It seems really easy at first, then overwhelming the next day. You learn alot from dying, your next kingdom will be built better, stronger, and more efficiently.The art and tone remind me of Hyperlight Drifter. The play is unique, combining elements of a side scroller with a rpg and a kingdom management sim. The soundtrack is haunting."
76561198028090740,Recommended,496300,24819480,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,SiNnEdBtHyNaMe,This game is the best    now with more  places to travel with more things and secrets to find       this is overall one of the most casual   fun game you can play        buy this    its really good
,Recommended,496300,24819708,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Skribbles,"i find this game very entertaining, able to save also and come back later. It takes some time to figure out the pattern of building correctly/recruiting more guys and so forth but after that it gets easier."
76561198136290270,Recommended,496300,24826517,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Reganoid99,Totally worth the money I didn't pay for it.
,Recommended,496300,24830952,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Leika,Quite like the new features added from the original. Very fun.
,Recommended,496300,24816992,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,BEN BOBBY,"**MINOR SPOILERS**This game appeared in my library randomly after looking at this page. At first I thought this game was just a copy and paste of the first game but over time you realise it isn't. I didn't get very far, but it still felt like a long time. In the end I only got the boat about 1/3 built before I got bored and gave up. The same reason I stopped playing the first game, I got bored. Maybe it's just my short attention span, I don't know. In the end this game is fun for short periods of time before it gets repetitive, but for someone completely new, I would reccomend the hell out of this game."
76561198275742277,Recommended,496300,24845284,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ThatOneIndividual,It was cool that they gave this game for free to the people who bought the original Kingdom I 'preciate it
76561198045080783,Recommended,496300,24913138,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,L0stLP,"Got the product for free because I had Kingdom: Classic.This expansion adds a lot of new things to the game, that you will have to unlock.The objective of the game is to survive until you can escape the island.There are five islands that get larger and larger with more portals along the way.You are a King/Queen whose only power is to redistribute money.You build a base, you hire people to protect it and farm the land.(Put 7 coins into the wooden rocket to unlock the better walls)Eventually you will have enough money to build a bout and escape.Your enemy comes only at night and every about five days a stronger wave will arrive at your walls.You can and sometimes will have to destroy the portals in order to progress, but that will also trigger a strong wave.The more you wait the harder it will get, so I went for the clear everything between me and the dock strategy as fast as I could.You unlock new items by paying two coins to a directional post, which is located usually in the direction opposite to the dock and on the 5th island it is next to the coastal portal at the opposite edge to the dock, but if you explore in the first 2-3 days you can bribe the enemy. Once you unlock a item it will have a chance to spawn, starting with the next island.There are new mounts, some with abilities.New statues and the old ones, the knight statue is a bit risky.And finally special builders for interesting and necessary buildings for latter stages.Because you can't control the units directly, you are at the mercy of the AI, archers and farmers are redistributed at the worst times, builders stay outside the walls after they cut trees."
,Recommended,496300,24891771,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Level ?? Half Ork,"I have a few little peeves with the game. Such as the fact that when you have a hall you get this guy who you can give money to and he keeps it safe by hiding inside at night...but my peasants, the farmers and the builders won't hide and I lose far more money from them ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s than I do kiting around the monsters so....really...this money saving guy is kinda pointless! That being said I think this offers a pretty great selection of new content and they've really put a lot of effort in to fixing problems I had with the base game so for that I would definitely recommend it!EDIT: Having played for a while there is another thing that rather bothers me and I think needs addressing. When you have knights at a wall they will stand there and let their squires fire arrows. But when the wall gets below a certain threshold they run back to the next wall. Now the problem with this is if that wall falls before they reach it you will rapidly lose most of the knight's archers because he's too busy running away to keep them safe. Kind of a big problem if you're low on funds and you lose like 4 archers that the knight could have easily protected."
,Recommended,496300,24933424,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Mr L. Morningstar,"I cannot praise the developers enough for making the expansion free for all who owned the original, thats an absolutely magnificent move and it honestly shows how much the developers appreciate the fans and the fanbase of Kingdom that has been built. It shows to everyone who bought the original that they really appreciated our support in buying the game and i really hope this studio goes far."
76561198081634041,Recommended,496300,25278654,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ngantukan,"I recommend this game! especially if you want to relax playing with one hand while other hand doing something with your body (no..not masturbating i mean)..with introduced island gameplay and keep it simple but deep mechanic, i really enjoy it!"
,Recommended,496300,25279364,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Senstrae,"I think the most important detail this game has to offer is the fact that it is incredibly beautiful and charming game.  The pixel art is stunning, watching the sky slowly turn color at sunset never ceases to awe me, and the OST does it tremendous justice.  Every time the blood moon comes, I get chills from just how haunting the music is as the monasters come knocking on your walls.  Seriously, if you haven't turned the music on from the initial video go do that now.With that aside, you begin as a lone prince or princess, with few people and resources at your disposal.  Your job to recuit new people into your kingdom, and protect it.  You collect coins from a variety of sources, such as when your archers hunt rabits and deer, or when your farmer's crops complete.  You spend these coins in building new structures and defenses, as well as recruiting new people into your kingdom.  The pieces are simple, but failing to recognize that there is tactic to it all may result in broken walls and a lost crown come the night of the blood moon.Once you understand all the mechanics, and have a rhythm down, it does become a bit repetitive.  You get some new toys to play with in the later lands of the campaign, like ballistae, kitchens, and special mounts, but the enemies and their respective tactics remain the same... they just get more punishingly numerous.  There's no special bosses or suprises once you hit several hours in.  This does cut into the overall replayability, but I would argue that it has a suitable price tag as a result.If you are looking for a gorgeous, simple, tactical defense game - this is great.  But if you are someone who craves depth or replayability, you may find it a bit lacking.  Personally this game left a strong emotional impression on me, and I am eager to see what the future has in store."
76561198101090663,Recommended,496300,25778496,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,fireborn,Its very repetitive after you learn what everything does.I think its worth around 8-10 dollars though for what it offers.
76561198047223574,Recommended,496300,24864189,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Cinu,Incredible addition to an already great game.Now I have even more reasons to spand waaay to much time playing it that I should ;)Warning: Highly addictive. This game will take over your life over for at least couple of days.
,Recommended,496300,25798903,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Randomizer,"Amazing game! Extremely addictive, nice improvements to the Kingdom Classic!"
76561198198302003,Recommended,496300,25802004,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Juansmiles,"Amazing game. Great controls with keyboard, awesome gameplay and concept. Good  job Raw Fury! Keep games like this coming."
76561198032588972,Recommended,496300,25616431,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Stop changing my name Damien,love it just love it <3
,Recommended,496300,25615435,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Michio Yuki,"Beautiful and addictive game with great visuals and simple gameplay. I'm a fan of pixel graphics and ""Tower Defence"" type of games, and this one by far is my favorite."
76561198259311053,Recommended,496300,25655305,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,TheDMan1885,This  game is great i love it but there is one thing please fix the ai for the bowman pls
,Recommended,496300,25555020,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Joey Two Hands,One of the best tower-defense and survival games I have ever played. Its a very simplistic game with simple goals:build and survive. And you dont need a super good computer to play it and 15$ is well worth the price.Buy it!
,Recommended,496300,25559339,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,The_Gobo,"A must play game for anyone who enjoys resource management.The classic mode was fun, but New Lands adds on to the experiance a whole new layer of enjoyment."
76561198007374629,Recommended,496300,25624091,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,MO,"Fun indie game. Quite a unique concept in that it is a 2d side scroller that incorporates base building/strategy in a seemingly simple way at first, but can become deeper as you try to work out how to get to the different islands. Definately good for someone seeking something different."
76561198094684731,Recommended,496300,25641357,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Matt,"Kingdom: New Lands is easily one of my favourite ever games.The premise is incredibly simple; you are a king or queen and you pay money for things to make a kingdom happen, all the while the 'greed' attempt to destroy your kingdom and steal your crown. You hire vagrants and vagabonds and buy them either a hammer, bow, scythe or shield and set them to work in the respective roles of builder, archer, farmer, and knight. Your men then earn money for you and you put that back into building walls, towers, catapults, etc.+ Its very easy to pick up but difficult to master.+ It can be highly unforgiving, but 'death' (losing the crown) doesnt carry too much penalty.+ The game is SERIOUSLY beautiful too, the pixel graphics are simply stunning.+ THE ART STYLE THOUGH.+ Don't forget that gloriously minimalistic but emotionally evocative soundtrack.+ There's a decent 40ish hours of gameplay to be had just until you unlock everything, then comes the task of trying to survive indefinitely.+ a reasonably novel concept, certainly a different take on a survival game+ all round very fun and challenging- sometimes the unit AI is pretty terrible, and men will run to their deaths in order to try and fill an empty archer nest, for example. That said, the men dont ever die, they just become 'un-hired'.Solid 9/10 really excellent and worth playing."
76561198186526222,Recommended,496300,25656608,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Spoon Kid,Very good gameBut wish it was on the uk app store
,Recommended,496300,25641960,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,tightywhitey,Great game. Loved it. My friend Esen won't play it though
76561198175522047,Recommended,496300,25642495,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Roxas532,Awesome!!!
,Recommended,496300,25877302,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Ultra Classical Liberal Zealot,"A great update for the awesome origlnal game.Pets, boats, hobos, new and different level layouts."
76561198143085470,Recommended,496300,25869402,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,blackrogueheart,"Having never played the original Kingdom, I don't have anything to compare this to. But by itself, its an interestingly addicting little game, especially if you happen to like resource management games in any capacity. Kingdom: New Lands has you acting as King/Queen in a brand new, unbroken land. You get two peasants(?) to start off with, a sack full of gold, and a ghost. The ghost points to things like walls or fires, and you build them. (The ghost doesn't stick around past the tutorial, so if you're worried about spending the entire game being haunted by a dead relative, you don't need to be.)The first island is easy enough to get through, but beyond that things can take a turn for the difficult. I think in this regard, it can actually be EASIER to have some experience with the first Kingdom game, since you know what to expect. I played the second  island and didn't realize that enemies can come at you from more than one portal in more than one direction until the second night happened. I lost my gold, my crown, and had to restart.It makes things easier supposedly if you manage to destroy the portal with your knights, but that's something I've never managed to do. Either way, in 20 days winter sets in - and yes, the game does go through an active season change, its very pretty - and then your rabbits vanish, your deer retreat into the forest, your farmers can't bring in any new crops, and the only money you've got is from the little man with the donkey and your banker. It's possible to get a boat up and running and your kingdom fully armored by the time 20 days rolls around, but it gets harder on each subsequent island, as monsters can come on you from both sides, meaning if you want farmers that will be safe (since they stay in their own little hut at night, OUTSIDE the walls) then you have to extend the walls to keep them safe, which will mean extra coins for walls and catapults. It can be  nerve-wracking, especially when it gets down to the wire.But overall, its a good game. Mindless enough to enjoy running back and forth, but intense enough on the resource management that six or eight hours could easily pass without you noticing."
,Recommended,496300,25871831,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,RaveYoda,"I really like this game! The art style is pleasing and the game mechanics are simple yet so rich. I still haven't gotten off the first island but that's because I suck at resource management and play too conservatively. Also, it works on Linux which is what I use. So thank you devs for thinking of the little guy when you made the game. I would deff recommend!!"
76561198137128653,Recommended,496300,25866447,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SOLDIER5556,"Dear developers,I discovered this game  on Jacksepticeye's youtube channel. After i got a prize from school, I decided to buy the game. I was not dissapointed. ""Kingdom: New Lands"" and KSP are my favourite games. Tip: you should create a website with blazon models.Good job!solder5556"
76561198097611517,Recommended,496300,25857833,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,帝国骑士猫,已中毒。
,Recommended,496300,25779428,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,EmoCosplayer,"Bordering on 30 hours of gameplay, and I'm only in the third lands~This is the best free update to a game I've ever gotten.I play it almost everyday, though in short bursts, cause I'm a busy man, and I have♥♥♥♥♥♥to do. The art style is amazing. IT's not 3D graphics, it's not procedurally generated, it's not even online. But damn, it's just so pretty to look at that I just can't help but want to keep playing.The added snowy weather is a neat touch, the trees lose their leaves and slowly it starts to snow, there's ice in the water, and slowly the snow covers the ground. While it is a very nice touch, it's also deprimental to the progress. Snow might be pretty, but it also means no grass for when your horse gets tired and needs to rest (You can still walk, but when you're running with no coin and for crown keeping, it's annoying to run out of steam for little horsey)Now for my griping.The game is repetitive. Get in, make camp, recruit, fight, defend, build, escape, repeat. (But often with an added bonus, usually a statue to help builders or archers be better at their jobs, sometimes new horses, and (me personally) a party elk for bringing helpless deer for money)The ""Blood Moon"" is inconsistant for some reason. The original game, it was on day 5, day 10, day 15, etc. Now it's just seemingly at random, it's hard to judge when I'll need the archers ready for battle or not (monsters come almost every night, but Blood Moon makes the worst of them come out to play) Maybe I'm just stupid, and it is every 5 days, but it just seems a tad randomised.Don't get me wrong, I love this game, but there are a few things that bug me a little."
76561198041265402,Recommended,496300,25023646,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Commander KC,Tis Great lads
76561198072437695,Recommended,496300,25056015,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,BringOnTomorrow,If you looking for something relaxing but to keep your mind just ticking over this is absolutly for you.Even if you want to add all your attention to this it still wont let you down.Things to look at :-Amazing colours-Awesome pixel art through out levelThings to hear at :-Music is just beautifulThis may not look like much but it is all blended into buttery smooth goodnessWith the update everything was improved on even when improving was not needed (just making it better)
,Recommended,496300,25055290,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Yenny NCY,"This game is so beautiful, love the art style :)"
,Recommended,496300,25100200,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Chris The Fisherman,"Great addition to an already awesome game! Super cool to see new stuff added, and an increasing difficulty in terms of maps while playing! And i have to comment on the amazing music, it really fits the game!"
76561198055319195,Recommended,496300,24823690,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Rajang,The gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TxYNYpicXM
76561198127560719,Recommended,496300,25084294,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,20 pc McNuggets,"Dear Thomas,You have done it again. Beautiful game. Beautiful OST.I haven't played much since the writing of this review, but I know there will be many enjoyable hours ahead... and thank you so much for allowing players like myself to get the game for free.Dear potential buyers,Please... buy this game. It takes you on a beautiful adventure"
,Recommended,496300,25024672,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Reeves,good game
,Recommended,496300,25023337,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,paratrooper,good game
76561198254213013,Recommended,496300,25019380,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,davalosfermin,The game stopped working and does not load
76561198111251656,Recommended,496300,25022221,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,DishTheChromeFish,I keep crahing HELP
,Recommended,496300,25021778,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Blaze South,Amazing game. I would reccomend getting this game over the original.
,Recommended,496300,25115477,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,starbrix,"I enjoyed the orignal Kingdom but It always felt like it lacked content. Well after seeing that devs were working on a new interpretation of Kingdom I was very excited. After finding out that as I owned the pervious Kingdom, I would recieve Kingdomg new lands for free I was yet even more excited. Playing Kingdom in my down time I find the game to be pretty relaxing. I enjoy sitting down when I want to play something less tense. It's amazing how time flys when I play this game.They have made some very needed changes to the ai, which has made the game much more enjoyale then the orignals ai.Plently of added content to enchance the players experience and enjoyablity of the game. No spoilers.The only thing I don't like about game so far is the rng as it has been an unforgiving ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, otherwise the game has been fully enjoyable and has been a pleasure to play."
,Recommended,496300,25043677,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Justb_,"Kingdom: New Lands is a beautifully simple game, but is awesome in so many ways. The art style is beautiful, the music is excellent, the challenge is great and it is just fun. This game is one of the reasons Indie' developers are some of the best out there. They put so much love, heart, and soul into this game. It is hard to explain but just by playing it, you can tell someone loved this like there own child. Don't let the simple gameplay fool you, this is a master piece."
76561198097305245,Recommended,496300,25043004,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,OwlPlays,"I loved Kingdom (classic). When I saw online that they had come out with an expansion for the game I immediately checked Steam. I was here on the store page looking to put this game straight at the top of my wishlist, but it was already in my library! Kudos, dev. Thanks for looking out for us.While it still has its drawbacks, this game is a great expansion upon the original concept. Most every thing that irked me from the original (still didn't stop me from playing, obviously..) was rectified or refined in NL. Walking speed for workers, minor AI issues (I still see some AI bugs...like my engineers running full-tilt into the forest in the wrong direction to death) are the big changes I see besides actual game content (Boats, new continents, etc.).11/10 would be bribed with (good) free games again"
,Recommended,496300,25116476,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Xystem4,Loving this new version of an already amazing game. The only part about this game that I don't like is when I have to turn it off.
76561198052398222,Recommended,496300,24941358,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,elleseljr,"I love this game, i love the art style and the music which sounds like ""boards of canada"" in a warm analog synth way.I like upgrading the units and structures and tactically defending the attacks while growing and managing the economy. I like the different mounts and their animations the bear eating grass is my favorite the the unicorn pooping gold.wishlist:i wish there was a mid/late game option to quarry earth or stones from one location to another with a miner hermit. this would open tactics up for creating a gauntlet for huge late game waves to run through. I hate reloading to get a map with decent defense posibilities "" rock, earth, rock"" for day 100 or more stands.if i could only have one thing it would be the ability to place  rocks or earth for walls and tower tactics after day 66 and more ways to the kill the masses of enemies at the walls, ""cauldrons of hot oil, flaming arrows and flaming boulders to ignite the oil covered enemies that would be F***ing awesome!!!!  it would also be nice to be able to be able to rehire hermits after say 15 days since they commit suicide sometimes by standing near wall battles or program them to run back to the inner castle. I would like builders to always run back home when done cutting or building, especially when beyond the outermost walls.Lastly it would be great to not have do island one after beating the game as i want play survival mode and that means a map with a warhorse hermits and stone buffing statues which are usually not all on island one."
76561198018653660,Recommended,496300,24978328,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Chris,"In Kingdom New Lands you play a terrible ship captain who found a crown somewhere and now thinks they must rule the world.The game is very good for the price tag. At first the game may seem a bit bare but, as you progress the game gets more and more nuanced.Overall 8/10"
76561198246379128,Recommended,496300,24980005,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,G4mex,"The expansion of a beautiful 2D game with simple and fun mechanics.As good as, or better, than the original."
76561198176545998,Recommended,496300,24943603,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Indiana Jones,Great game! Hard enough to continue some plays after winning the game.Some cool stuffs are unlocked while you do the adventure and the fact that the islands are generated randomly gives you the sensation of starting something new even if you already played a lot.I also love the style of this pixel art game!
76561198025156823,Recommended,496300,24936613,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Nox vs Lumos,"Lovely game, nice value!"
76561198229990364,Recommended,496300,24927257,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,GhostGaming101,"Kingdom new lands is BOSS beacuse of you can ride a feaking bear and their are whole new regions,just have one complaint,if devs are ready this please that this into consdiration WE NEED MULTIPLAYER,kingdom will become so awsome when you can trade with your freinds and build up each others kingdoms also,if multiplayer is to hard can you pls do randomly genrated other kingdoms which you can trade with and can bribe the other kingdom to defend ur kingdom so overall this expansion pack is perrty good.Also if you have kingdom you get newlands for free WHICH IS BOSS TY DEV.I might be byist towards this game beacuse I bought the game i think 3 months ago and fell in love with the pixel art and just the overall story was awsome.But anyways I hope you see my review and give me a replie on if multiplayer and randomly gentarted kingdoms are possibale thank you for reading this reply"
76561198113229575,Recommended,496300,24922725,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Minisavage96,10/10 Game Would get if you like side scrolling games and building Games.
,Recommended,496300,24927670,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Arnatious,"Definitely an entertaining game, at the least. It's a minimalist base building/management game with great pixel graphics. I'm borderline if it was worth $15 since it does seem to run out of surprises fairly quickly, but it's gorgeous and the first few hours are gripping as you learn the mechanics and make mistakes. If it goes on sale below $10 it's definitely worth it."
,Recommended,496300,24930078,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Ziel,"Kingdom: New Lands builds upon the classic version with more content variety. This is good and bad depending on if you like the core gameplay - particularly the very simplistic AI. If you disliked this in the classic or just generally don't like the inability to control your units, you are going to find this game frustrating and unenjoyable.But if you are okay with that, and are looking for a stress-free tower defense (this isn't an RTS or RTS-lite as some people claim), then you will significantly enjoy this game, as the variety of unlocks really help to spice up the game. This is the group of gamers I recommend this game for."
,Recommended,496300,24930413,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Corpsman HM1 Mal P. Ractice,"various new improvements to the game from the classic Kingdom which I think are good additions:-NPC Banker (now the streets won't be littered with excess gold during late-game)-Various new mounts that are really quite useful for early-game-Winter system adds a sense of urgency (no animals and grass spawns, and you have to rely on your farms or the merchant (if he is on the island) and lasts indefinitely(as far as I've seen))-you can customize your own emblem-and finally,mAGIC dOGGO THAT FLIES AT INCREDIBLE HIHG SPEED WHEN YOU USE A PORTAL TO GET FROM ONE END OF YOUR KINGDOM TO BOARD THE BOAT ON THE OTHER SIDE"
,Recommended,496300,24924071,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,shadowclasper,"Very good game, plays like the original, still going through all the new stuff."
,Recommended,496300,24968938,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,LennyFacesAndMemes,"I got the digital deluxe edition for the original Kingdom and it came with the soundtrack. First of all I can not re-bye the soundtrack for some ♥♥♥♥ing reason, second the original Kingodm is not on Steam that I can find so I cannot confirm that the soundtrack came with the digital duluxe edition but I am almost certain it did, last of all is that the soundtrack is so ♥♥♥♥ing good but I cannot listne to it. But still thanks for not charging this for this game, I would have raged the ♥♥♥♥ out if I had to pay again for a game that is basically an update."
,Recommended,496300,24955691,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Dog Leech,"What is Kingdom: New Lands?Kingdom: New Lands is essentially a bidirectional side scrolling resource management game with light rouge-like elements and several unique twists that make it addictive, enjoyable and, at times, frustrating. In K:NL you control a regal king or queen, with a randomly generated coat of arms, sitting atop a noble horse who can gallop for about twenty feet before running out of breath. You have no attacks, and you have no skills, save one: the power of the almighty dollar. Your only actions are to move left, move right, move faster, and throw gold coins from your money pouch.Sounds like a good time, right? There’s only one problem: the island you are moored on is overrun by The Greed, little troll monsters who seem to want everything we humans value.The premise is a simple one in which your regal majesty must collect a meager number of coins at the start of the game, and use themwisely. Typical use of currency involves recruiting pan-handling humans for one coin (immediately reforming them into upstanding members of society) and assigning them jobs by purchasing tools, while at times instructing them to expand your base of operations. It is a cozy, idyllic lifestyle that any royal would enjoy. At least until night falls.At night, The Greed emerge from portals on your island seeking to rob you of your peasantry, your tools, your coin and ultimately your crown. Purchase hammers to change a peasant into a worker. Build walls to keep The Greed at bay, and upgrade your walls to stave them off a bit longer. Purchase bows to turn your peasants into fierce archers, then have your workers build towers for them to perch atop safely while raining down arrows on The Greed, who increase in numbers each night that passes, only to flee at sunrise. Pay a wild horse to become your new mount. Ride a bear and use it to kill deer! There is truly nothing that money cannot buy… except for guaranteed safety, because you can never fully stamp out The Greed.A new king or queen will quickly notice the Blood Moon rising, which will bring The Greed out in force, truly testing how well you have prepared your defenses. How you do it is surprisingly flexible considering the simple mechanics, giving players a variety of tactics to consider. Ultimately, the “win” scenario is to reconstruct your shipwrecked vessel, move it to the dock, and escape with your crown intact.What stand out about Kingdom: New Lands?Kingdom: New Lands is a simple game, with pixel graphics and only four functioning control buttons. Before it can be judged based on that statement alone, it should be noted that these features are used in an absolutely outstanding way. The controls are simple and intuitive enough that my five-year old daughter was able to build a functioning base using an X-box 360 controller. The graphics are a love letter to classic pixel games, but utilized in brilliant fashion, with real time reflections in the ever present water, and dynamic lighting based on time of day and how deep you have ventured into the woods. The music is appropriate and non-persistent, being used to maximum effect by setting the mood of a new day, or the ominous horror of trying to endure a Blood Moon as you sit helplessly and pray that your defenses hold out until morning.Perhaps the most salient gameplay aspect of Kingdom: New Lands is failure. Inevitably, even a seasoned player will make a mistake and have their crown stolen by The Greed. All that work, for naught, your efforts wasted, everything is gone… including the pressure that has been building up by the games gentle, yet unyielding, difficulty curve. “Again, a King (or Queen) will try to last…” the game displays as a new monarch rides onto the screen of the first level, easily transitioning you from your previous attempt to a new one.Failing in this game was a joy. It was quick, there were no bulky scenes or dialogue to push through, and most importantly, new features that you unlocked in your previously play through persist and will be available to you in your new attempt. You are even allowed to skip from the first level to the furthest level you have unlocked; I found it useful and fun to repeat the other islands anyway. The first level quickly became child’s play, but my actions there still felt important to my survival for the next levels. It changed from, “How can I survive this?” to “What can I do here that will help me prepare for what got me last time?”What kinds of problems will I run into while playing?Despite my praise for Kingdom: New Lands, it is not without issues. I led a successful campaign crossing the first four islands, and was about to make a break for the fifth, when my crack team of builders decided they didn’t need to work the catapult anymore. During a Blood Moon. They weren’t building or repairing either, they just couldn’t be bothered. I was able to survive the night, against all odds, and a quick save + quit and restart of the game somehow motivated them to get back to work. It wasn’t enough to save my crown, though.Though I love the graphics and art style, the scenery does wear out its welcome eventually. The player is confronted with several islands that they must escape to, and eventually from, with varying placement and numbers or Greed portals and resources, and ever increasing distance from one end to the other. This is all fine, but distance aside, none of the islands appear to be any different from one another. I saw it as a completely missed opportunity to show off more of the gorgeous landscapes, and providing each land with a unique climate, foliage, and wildlife would have made it a lot more interesting.Should I play this if I’ve worn out the original game?Kingdom: New Lands strives to surpass its predecessor, Kingdom, in several ways. The addition of more unlockable units and mounts adds to the player’s ability to craft a strategy for escaping the islands. The addition of multiple islands gives New Lands more to do than the original, encouraging the player to play through more than once, even if they successfully escape all of the islands on their first try. All unlockable resources cannot be gained in a single shot, but you keep anything you unlocked even if you lose your crown. These features, along with a few other mechanical changes, are enough that I would recommend playing New Lands even if you are already familiar with Kingdom.It should be stated that it is absolutely not necessary to play the original Kingdom game before starting New Lands. I played them both, because I could not find any indication as to whether or not it was recommended. I enjoyed my time with the original, but New Lands is everything in the first version fine-tuned, and so much more.Overall, if you enjoy resource management and base building, love a well done atmosphere, and would rather not have a clunky UI crowding the screen, I heartily recommend Kingdom: New Lands. Pixel graphics may turn off some gamers who have no nostalgia for games from decades ago, so if you fall into that camp this game may not be for you. For everyone else, good luck protecting your crown!"
,Recommended,496300,24954595,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,TrexFPS,"Kingdom New Lands is probably one of the best sequels of a game I have ever played.I havent played new lands for long (yet I have died so many times) but I can already tell what the game will be like.Firstly, kudos to the developers for giving owners off Kingdom - Classic free copies, I think I speak for everyone else that it was greatly appreciated. This immediatly gave me a good feeling about the game.The whole idea of islands and the ship is genius, giving the game a new edge and made it feel even more unique. I'm sure that people who completed Kingdom - Classic in one sitting would be glad of that (me not one of them and only reaching day 14 before being brutally murdered).The new characters are also a great addition, I especially love the banker whom saves me from not having any money to repair and re-recruit my lost subjects.I also like the custom blazon option, although I wish it was slightly easier to use.But by far my favorite thing is the new portals/placements. Nights 5,10, and 15 arent actually as hard anymore knowing I only have to focus my attention on one side, however I do wish my subjects knew that instead of standing guard at the side where there will never be any greed. (Next update maybe?)I do have some critisims that I want to mention but they arent game breaking and have bearly affected me.-Builders do not come inside at night time like archers and tier 1 farmers-Subjects stand guard on the side with no portal-Tutorials lack late-game info (attacking, characters etc.)Suggestions-In game guides, the community ones are good but having to swap windows constantly kills me.-Save but not quit option-Character customisation (I wanna have a blue cape)-Local multiplayer modeThanks for reading this review and leave a thumbs up if it helped.Please comment if I said something stupid that contradicts other things I said. ~ TrexFPS"
76561198007303673,Recommended,496300,24959974,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Mr. Moose,"Kingdom is a fun and very addicting pixel game. It's fairly simple when it comes to game mechanics, but it is in no way an easy game. If you're on the fence about buying it I recommend watching a let's play video, and you'll see pretty fast if this game is something you'd enjoy or not. With the ""new lands"" expansion you get a lot of new and exciting content compared to the original game. The graphics are truly amazing for a pixelated game."
,Recommended,496300,24958808,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Kias,"An excellent update to the formula that made the original game fun. The additional lands and unlockables do give the game more replayability, though only to a point. Still, making it available to original owners is a classy move and anyone who hasn't had a chance to play with certainly get their money's worth for picking this up."
76561197984925913,Not Recommended,496300,25010464,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,uli,"It's a beautiful game that features some very interesting mechanics. Sadly it doesn't offer a lot of variety or space to experiment with new strategies. On top of that someone clearly forgot to implement a checkpoint system or save feature, so it's entirely possible to lose hours and hours of progress to a stupid mistake and then have to start all over again.Imagine playing a scripted linear RTS like Warcraft and everytime you lose a mission, you have to play through the whole campaign again from the start, like it's the 1980s all over again and you're playing Rick Dangerous on the Amiga."
76561198082338887,Recommended,496300,25011684,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Kumi,Fantastic expansion to an amazing game and for free!!!
76561198257104030,Recommended,496300,25029612,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,monjaibeat,"Absolutely love it,and I espcially loved that it was a free update! Better than Christmas! My only complaint is sometimes this AI is dumb but there are no perfect games yeah?"
76561197994702478,Recommended,496300,24988286,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Maccros,"Be warned.The game is highly addictive.I haven't seen something like this done right, since Intel 8088 cpu era.Actually it reminds me of a game I loved as a kid.Remember to take a break for sleep."
,Recommended,496300,24990255,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,DarrkOne,"A beautiful, relatively simple RTS game with a heavy focus on exploration/experiential learning as it has no tutorial.  Do yourself a favor and don't read about the way the game works, just try everything.  I highly recommend it!  (Try the original browser based version here:http://www.noio.nl/2013/10/kingdom/)"
76561198170683677,Recommended,496300,24998453,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,kousin_kevin,"This game is much better than I expected. it took me a while to figure out how to play and what to do because there is no tutorial but either way the whole game is controlled through 5 keyes so its vary simple. I never played a game thats so simple yet so fun.For the people getting the game i need to know to always give the trader his coin every morning, its a vary good source of gold"
76561198283030826,Recommended,496300,24998959,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,nicholasjoates7,lets do some math here:great game = free = 11/10 for me
76561198019731636,Recommended,496300,25007187,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Feldoom,"Simple but addicting and oh so rewarding when your plans come together, and just as fun when they don't."
,Recommended,496300,25003782,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,General Squirtle,"Extremly simple, and yet one of the best games I've played in terms of plain enjoyment (not complexity, design, just simply enjoyment and inner peace instead of frustration, competitiveness and saltyness haha). I've been a gamer long enough. This game is spot on. In my top 10/15 games."
,Recommended,496300,25004930,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Kakkuyksisarvinen,"I've now played for 33+ hours but I can't yet say there's that much difference to the classic. I love the classic tho, so I'm happy for more stuff, and I think there's lot I still haven't seen. It's awesome that you got this game for free if you had the original game. If you are thinking which one of the games you want to buy, I'd suggest this one."
76561198280356799,Recommended,496300,24999600,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,j_man_trip,love the game reminds me of original just a mix of easier at start but then harder..maybe i need more research to make easier.
76561198083862166,Recommended,496300,25002509,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TheCommanderChaz,"I received this version of Kingdom because I had already bought the previous version which is no longer available and I gotta say they've improved it very nicely.The villagers have the ability to run in order to get to tools or away from danger, a nice and much needed pieceThere's a much better objective available in the form of the boats which take you to brand new lands (because that's the name) and each time you make it you will get new randomly spawned structures and other thingsNew mounts, for those who want to have something new or interesting to look at if the already beautiful graphics get a bit oldAnd so much more, I have yet to get out of the second lands but I'm excited as to what I may encounter.Give these wonderful devs your money, they've made something new, unique and wonderful and they deserve your full support, in my opinion."
,Recommended,496300,26465122,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,yer Biglyness,"great improvement on the original.innovative, addicting gameplay. beautiful artwork and music. great replayability."
76561198061824645,Recommended,496300,26364924,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,wesleto02,"A kingdom building resource management survival game that doesn't tell you anything and will gladly give you a swift kick in the pants til you learn all of its tricks.It's cute, difficult as you learn, and despite seeming like a kick in the pants simulator it does indeed have a victory state.(eventually)"
,Recommended,496300,26377881,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,00,"I had not played kingdom in a while, and when I reinstalled the game, to my surprise, I now had  New Lands.  A free upgrade /DLC for owning the original? Wow! I was just looking to play a bit (ha ha) of the original, but I tried out the new content anyway. 15 hours later, and I'm very pleased. New objectives, units, buildings, and strategies really improve the dynamic of this game. A lot of fun!"
,Recommended,496300,26479024,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Gameinatrix,"I absolutely adore this game! I have not found one thing I dislike or can complain about. From the graphics to the soundtrack (Love the music when they are about to try to come overrun your kingdom. It's beautiful and does instill a bit of fear and sense of dread deep in the pit of my stomach).  Great job guys. It's good to be Queen.  (Okay I have one complaint. Can the Queen have a sword?! I'm just that kind girl, to handle her business on horseback!)"
76561198105059636,Recommended,496300,26451634,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Brainsssssss,"It's a great game. It brings the old kingdom game, but adds more stuff and seperate islands so if you take over one land you can move on instead of starting an entirely new game to get more stuff."
76561198123634613,Recommended,496300,26428329,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,honcho12,"I loved the original kingdom, but after getting the hang of it, it just started to feel like a grind.  Kingdom: New Lands has just a little extra added in that really adds way more replayability.  Hopping between all the islands keeps it from feeling like a grind, and there are some new elements that really add to the depth of strategy, the new mounts are neat.I still sort of wish you could deconstruct poorly placed walls to save yourself, but it's a minor complaintOverall fantastic game, and good value, almost 40hr so far and it's only $15 full price!"
76561198014022327,Recommended,496300,26300865,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Elinara,"It's obvious that the devs put a lot of heart into this game. They care about it and it shows. Today I noticed little jack-o-lanterns appear in the game and a wicked face on the moon for Halloween.I purchased the initial version and New Lands was given as an update/expansion to the game for free. The first version was a fun little game in itself, but the addition of shipwreck repair and different island levels put a lot of replay into it.It's a visually beautiful game and I often took screenshots of the scenery. The water and sky are gorgeous. The change of seasons is pretty, though not a good sign if you're not going for a number of days achievement! Picking up coins is addictive and managing how they're spent can be tricky at first. Luckily, the first level only has enemies attacking from one side, so you have a bit of time to learn the game.  At first I didn't realize that you could go to any unlocked island after beating the first level, so death isn't as punishing as it might seem. Still, I do think redoing that first island is a little unnecessary.I won't go into details about what's available on each island because part of the fun is uncovering them for yourself by putting coins into the signposts. If you need some information on how these work, or tips, the community has a comprehensive guide that goes into every detail.I've finished most of the achievements, barring the very long 'days survived' (I think I did until 70) ones and that darn feast. (I'm horrible at deerslaying). I'm still not bored with the game and I hope they make more content for it. I will happily pay for expansions or sequels. I didn't pay much for Kingdom and if you look at the hours I've played, you can see how worth it I think it was. Highly recommend."
76561198296442140,Recommended,496300,26305653,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,muyouxia17,需要反复推图直到刷出独角兽，100天什么的成就就是在挑战显卡。音乐很好听，至今仍然不知道怎么切换国王王后，以及怎么自定义徽章
76561198128862890,Recommended,496300,27542068,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sloths_in_Space,"I love this game. I grabbedthe original on a whime during a sale, and I've spent so many hours playing it and this new version which I received for free (thanks developers!). Also, the developers are cool dudes. On the day New Lands came out, there were very active in the forums here on Steam responding to feedback and giving advice.Great game with very simple mechanics but so much hidden depth and strategy and beautiful artwork. Highly highly recommend."
76561198047868578,Recommended,496300,27999292,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jcbvickers,This game is vastly superior to the the original Kingdom.  And that game was amazing.  I only recieved this game for free because I bought the original Kingdom so hopefully that doesn't effect your decidion too much.
,Recommended,496300,25116718,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ikuni_potata,"got it for free because i already owned the classic version and this is one of the best games i have ever played.already loved the classic version and this is even better :Dit's simple, mysterious, beautiful, and hard. harder than you might think of such a little game.worth every cent :D"
,Recommended,496300,27951206,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Simhera,"A wonderful updat to an amazing game. Kingdom: New Lands is a bit Tower Defence with a bit of a Town Management system. Incredibly simple, but also incredibly complex when it comes to where to spend your last coins in later levels. I highly reccomend this game.(no point in getting the first one honestly, because the New Lands update is the same game with more added to it.)"
,Recommended,496300,27724184,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Master,"Jocul asta m-a surprins total!Va recomand sa il incercati!Este un joc care nu te lasa sa pleci de la calculator.#UPDATEDaca jucati jocul asta nu mai puteti dormi noaptea, deci aveti grija cu asta :))"
76561198083526041,Recommended,496300,27725643,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kernel Sanders,"Takes time, but well worth it in the end."
,Recommended,496300,27825837,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jvaara,This game is awesome! i really like spending time with it. If you i die in this game it doesn't bother me at all.
,Recommended,496300,27519854,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WirelessAssassin,This is a great game and tons of fun if your looking for something SEMI-RELAXING
76561198272304457,Recommended,496300,27517099,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,OMEGA500,"This game is truly remarkable, challenging, strategic, and fun! This game drew me into a trance where i couldnt take my eyes off it! And dont get me started on the art! It's fantastic... Beautiful! I love it sooooo much! Highly reccomended!"
,Recommended,496300,24837873,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,indifferencejim,"This game is incredible. I wish I could recommend it to everyone, but I do think it's more of a niche hit than anything.If you're dead set on trying it, I suggest not reading too many reviews and getting to know the game for yourself. This is a game where a great deal of the fun is in learning and discovering the world on your own - I cannot stress enough that it absolutely does not benefit from any sort of spoiling. I personally don't usually mind spoilers before I play most of my purchases, but I'm glad I didn't stumble across any for Kingdoms, because I have no doubt that it would've changed my experience drastically.If you're having doubts, I do think you should give it a shot anyway; the first couple of hours are a good feel for how the rest of the game will go, so if you don't like it by then you can refund it.Last thing before pros and cons - I think the developers are wonderful! Kingdoms: New Lands is the standalone expansion to Kingdoms: Classic, and anyone who owned Classic before its release got it for free. Considering the amount of content that they added to the game, this wasincredibly generous.Free stuff! Yay! I chose not to mark my product as free because technically I did pay for the base game knowing that I was getting the expansion, so I'm not biased in a way that someone would be if they found New Lands in their library without knowing why. Anyway, onwards with the review.+Musicis great and changes to set the mood very well+Lots of things to discover!If you played Kingdom Classic, there's way more here, and it's a lot of fun to unlock and use all the new stuff.+Elegantly designed.One resource, one goal.+/-Pixel graphics.It's well done (and I adore it), but it's not the best that I've seen, and I know plenty of people are put off by pixel graphics.+/-Very few controls.Some might like the idea of simplified controls, some might definitely find it frustrating and obtuse.- I feel like my 'up' button feels sorely neglected and will never forgive me.-Not terribly difficult.If you're the sort who's very attracted to the hot-handed punishment of the roguelike or procedural death labyrinth, this may not satisfy your particular brand of masochism.-Repetitive.It's a design choice they had to make, admittedly, but I feel like they could have squeezed just a tiny bit more depth out of their game. I would elaborate, but I'm afraid that doing so would give away a little bit too much of how the game works. As I stressed earlier, it's a big deal, here.Kingdoms: New Lands is, in spite of its flaws, an objectively good game. I'm not saying you're objectively wrong if you don't like it,but you arebecause not everybody enjoys everything in the same way. I don't enjoy plenty of very good movies, does that make me wrong?Don't answer that. In any case: I like it! You might too. Or you mightn't. Who knows?"
76561198081930129,Recommended,496300,24842992,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Talkinglight42,this game is smiply amazing from the start there is the basic yet the further u go there is more to be expect a truly briliant gameI TOTALLY RECOMMEND U all to play it
,Recommended,496300,24842610,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Raiden,"2D side scrolling game with very nice graphics and atmosphere. Gameplay is simple but very fitting the overall atmosphere and the whole game is generally very pleasant.Until...its easy to screw up half of your base if you are not careful. Build a wall too far for your buiilders to complete it and your army may be oveerun enroute to the new fortification. Try to clear up forest outside your domain and you will lose those builders if unlucky. Explore too far and be caught up by the Greeds and lose your crown. No crown, no Kingdom!As with many games, path to mastering the game is its own reward and it is nice to have a game that is well executed overall and does not cost a fortune, while providing satisfying gameplay.10/10"
,Recommended,496300,24838721,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Zad - oof,This game is one of my favourites I totally recommend this game to people who loves strategy games
76561198090056965,Recommended,496300,24862685,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,{WGR} MLGEdgelord,"This game, like Kingdom: Classic as it is now called. gives you no real tutorial about how to win and survive through the course of the game. It gives you a short tutorial on how to do things and tells you to expand and conquer. This game is one of an elite group of games that doesn't actually give you a full tutorial and leaves you to figure everything out on your own. And it is one of the more elite group of games where this style of gameplay actually works! It may be a bit unforgiving, but that is not on the game's part because the game doesn't tell you to leave you walls underleveled or to make more archers than builders, you find it out yourself. I believe that is the best part of this game and Kingdom: Classic. One of my favorite games. My only critique, and while it may be on my part, is the file sizes are so large when recording videos of gameplay. Even though it is an 8-bit looking game, it has huge file sizes. But i love it anyway. 10/10"
76561198035874128,Recommended,496300,24863118,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Professional Donkey Herder,"This game is a metaphor for life,You start off and it is relatively easy you learn things neccasary for survival you establish a foundation for your future and you explore the worldLater on things get tougher, you no longer need to rely on nourishment that is out of your control, you see the beginnings of an economy you control. The world is rougher, but so are you.Even further in you start to realize the fragility of your kingdom, everything you built over days, everything you accomplished, you realize can be undone in mere seconds. You have a few close calls, but you are able to rebuild.And finally, you see your kingdom collapsing, all of your achievements, everything you built, all you have accomplished is crumbling. The worst part is, you are totally helpless and there is nothing you do can save your kingdom. You face the inevitable seconds away from the end. Succumbing to the choices you made in the past.Overall I definitely reccomend this game, it is an emotional roller coaster (that usually goes down). The only negative thing I can say is that sometimes the AI is frustrating but it is not anything more than being mildly irritated."
,Recommended,496300,25032468,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,afrothundaaaa,"I don't know what to say but a LOT of fun. Also, the devs gave this to anyone with the original Kingdom game for free, an amazing move by an indie company. Noio, thank you for this. I liked your original game a lot, and the update for it made that immensely better, but this. This is a great game. This is what I was hoping would happen to the original game. It is a beautiful game, I haven't experienced a glitch/bug yet, and I have played for quite a while thus far.NOIO I LOVE YOU! Please continue to make amazing games."
76561197982749730,Recommended,496300,25023509,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,elflorro,This game is a strategy gem!- beautiful retro graphics and animations- great gameplay mechanics with no use of text at all (except the mini tutorial- a different style of RTS/tower defense- nice atmosphere- first time i played it for 3 hours straight- can't get enough of it
,Recommended,496300,25049279,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,player2357,simple and additive. great expantion on the origanal
,Recommended,496300,25044912,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,GrayMatterMan,*loaded the game*thought i would get to ride on a bear (only if you buy DLC version*Followed the 5 second tutorial*Didnt know i had to worry about monsters*died*Quit until i learned you could destroy the portal in whitch the monsters came from*played the game for 7 hours and then bought a new game
,Recommended,496300,27731583,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HuganUnknown,"First of all, AMAZING pixel art, probably the best i've seen, and trust me I've seen a LOT of pixel art. like, A LOT.Apart from that, the game has excellent game mechanics and has a way of making things progrssively harder but not impossible. I've played this for a while, and I know I haven't played it for 100 hours but I've seen some things; that being another point, there is seemingly endless content, just don't spoil yourself with a guide as it's way more fun if you find out how things work on your own.Overall I think way more people should be playing this!"
76561197963661407,Recommended,496300,27719726,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Stinky,This game sucked me in for the get go.  Strangely elegant.
76561198188710074,Recommended,496300,27703973,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sweetea1988,"This game is addictive. very simple, yet very fun!"
,Recommended,496300,27926681,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Generozo,Amazing game. Need more updates!
76561198059920871,Recommended,496300,27149615,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,½+¼-½+¾=?,Best time killer!!!
,Recommended,496300,27149712,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PeanutButter,"one of the best indie game I've played in a while. 2D pixel style reminds me of my childhood gameboy games, easy concept with one of my favoite medival theme with challenging difficulties."
,Recommended,496300,26969563,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,misao,Very great game
,Recommended,496300,26998651,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Arcone Saeradan,"An excellent edition to the base game, both of which having a beautiful pixel art style and compelling, wave-based survival gameplay. Definitely worth the try for the price. Also, a great soundtrack and ambience."
,Recommended,496300,27079998,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cyrus,"Survival games are the thing of 2015-2016 and I played/tested lots of them. This one is different. It's cinematic, it doesn't treat you like an idiot and try to teach you everything - and most importantly playing the game means exploring the game itself. It's just awesome."
,Recommended,496300,26992078,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ignus,Tight and tidy little game with way more meat on its bones than it first seems.
,Recommended,496300,27087185,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spyda K,"Simple, but engaging. Great visual language that shows, rather than tells, what's going on in the world. Beware the red moon."
,Recommended,496300,27069114,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[LiS] Recoil Rick,"If you have played kingdom: classic then this game is for you! heaps of fun, amazing art, and just an alround amazing game."
,Recommended,496300,27417336,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,König Amkmkta,"this game is addictive and has a good replayability, an overall great indie game, would definityl recommend"
,Recommended,496300,24962197,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,MisterGrumpy,"I absolutely love the new version of Kingdom, it is a great expansion to the game, and the detail put into it is amazing! <3"
76561198102956963,Recommended,496300,24926739,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Dad Puncher 69,"before ""New Lands: there was a solid flow to the game where you can get money and expand and people and die and you were good and it was upsetting and i was okay with it BUT now it kinda feels like that flow has too many hiccups :/like the procedural generation has to be right for you to actually thrive past 10 days. idk. still super fun. just hope it gets balanced soon."
76561198006029037,Recommended,496300,24921538,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Spillmyblood,"I wrote a review on the original game : Kingdom. At that time i gave it a thumbs down, because it still had issues needed to be solved. Forget the past and lets start reviewing Kingdom: New Lands.Kingdom New Lands is what Kingdom should have been. Several developers strip their games and then release it and bring the rest as payable DLC.Kingdom choose what is in my oppinion the best way to add free content and make it the game they wanted to be.Thumbs up for that!As for the gameplay it got better and many issues in the old version have been resolved in this version.As i wrote in my last Kingdom review the gameplay is great and so is the music. The game is best discribed as a scrolling recource management strategy defense game. Collect coins by killing wild animals, building farms. Invest these in recruiting troops, towers and upgrading your castle.  Defend your kingdom against the evil that comes from the portals  and at the right time strike back with a vengeance at your enemies. Make sure your Queen or King stays safe and gets away on the boat.Pro:MusicGameplayFree dlc for the original Kingdom ownersVery good price/valueCon:My builders need brains"
76561198119665285,Recommended,496300,24921559,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,tb4b,so far im on day 30 and i love this game yet im not sure what to do next and the waves of enemys keeps on getting stronger
76561198067446107,Recommended,496300,25082502,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,masterswordlink,"There is not enough good that can be said about the new lands dlc/Just got my unicorn and it poops coins! This games entertainment value will never let you down.The game draws you right in with a sense of desperation to survive and keep the crown safe.So many nights did I spend getting brutally beaten down and then come back with a new strategy and lose again,but yet even again come back and build,defend,and expand my way to victory.I hope you devs continue this series as you definetly have moved it in the right direction.The crown is safe for now."
,Recommended,496300,25384966,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,mirrariptide,"LOVE this game! It's challenging for me, so simple & yet so much fun! Great job, guys!"
,Recommended,496300,25396126,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Darkblade122,"What a suprise seeing this in my steam library, top marks to the devs for giving this for free to owners of the previous game, really pleased to see how much additional content has been added!Very simple yet addicting gameplay with a beautiful soundtrack and extremely pretty pixel artwork. highly reccomended for people who like to explore and experiment.easy to learn, hard to master, love it!"
,Recommended,496300,27437931,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FallenSade,"One of those special games. What more can i say, It is one of those games that you look at the artwork and think, Hmm it seems like bad graphics. But i highly recommend buying this game and playing it, Once you start playing and getting into it. The graphics and artwork, Meld wounderfully with the gameplay and honestly that's the way it should be. It is a fun game and can be challeging at times. Worth the money you pay for it."
76561198031518359,Recommended,496300,28676284,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,HROO HRAA,I was very curious for this game and didn't think I would play it too much.But truth to be told: this game sucked me in. I was busy trying to protect my men and to build upon the lands that i hardly noticed the tome flying by!Its a wonderful game that lets you think up strageties and ways to survive. And its a hard punishment when you fail!I fell in love with this game and i am sure many other would do too!
,Recommended,496300,28601449,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TinyDewDrop,"Simplistic gameplay and yet not easy to beat, uses only 3 keys and pixel graphics. Yet this game is amazing. It plays smooth, the mounts can be really cute and it requires tactics to beat.Do not be scared by the pixels. The pixel art is amazing & cute and you will soon love it.Sadly the game explains almost nothing to you and you'll have to figure it all out by yourself (or read the beginner's guide on Steam).Time it cost me to beat all levels in the game: ~13 hours. Has some replay value after that but not that much.It's also a good game for hunting achievements."
76561198033340469,Recommended,496300,28007493,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,(T.W.I.N.K.) poo-flinger,"This game is a pleasant time waster that relies on trial and error to learn the mechanics. Skip the guides and just relax and learn the facets of this beautifully styled, simple take, on a side scroller."
76561197992755513,Recommended,496300,24838202,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Fireshark☻,Awesome game :) wayyyyy worth the money.
76561198021133960,Recommended,496300,28013243,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jazzthehippy,"Day XX. The Crown is safe. This game has the most strategic depth I have ever seen in a game with only one core mechanic. Kingdom is a resource management game where you must defend your crown against waves of greedy shadowy monsters. Hire soldiers, build defences, forage for resources, clear forests, defend your base and rally armies to attack your enemies – all simply by allocating coins. The minimalism of Kingdom is its biggest strength. The stylised graphics and music are also a treat, and help create an intriguing and moody atmosphere. Kingdom is a really enjoyable experience overall."
76561198107566973,Recommended,496300,28001119,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Trapper20,Great game. Very casual yet still requires strategy. You don't use the mouse for anything besides navigating the menu which is rather unique. There is also a great customization for your own blazon as well as constant surprises to the randomly generated islands.
76561198099081585,Recommended,496300,28020327,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Danamite,"If you enjoy high stress only to have all your careful preparation destroyed cause of dumb AI, this game is for you.But seriously, the micromanagement and strategy is enough to keep you playing and thinking for hours and then the difficulty allows for a lot of replayability.9/10"
76561197983506907,Recommended,496300,28021070,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,stubbadub,"This game is like comfort food for me. Other reviews on here explain what's so wonderful about it, and I just wanted to thank the developers for this unique gaming experience and figured I'd give a (for me) very rare review/thumb."
76561198296191010,Recommended,496300,28166331,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,QueenCrash,10/10
76561198059195197,Recommended,496300,28428568,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,LeKenZy,"I like it, although I wish there were more and different elements implemented; like a dificulty setting that changed the monster health and changed the money input (though the more days that you stayed in one place the more difficult the monsters would became) but overall I really enjoy the game, just wish that there was more added"
,Recommended,496300,28396168,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ThePinkandManly,"Simple, yet beautifully elegant and loads of fun."
76561198059490935,Recommended,496300,28174260,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Keith1944,This is an amazing game.
76561198149967396,Recommended,496300,28167680,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,bearson10,"Having gone from playing hundreds of hours on Kingdom: Classic (meaning i got this game free!) I see small improvements in this game. These improvements dont have to be big. Its the fact that you now have a goal in the game. Before it was like get to the highest day possible before your computer crashed? Right now i seem like im dissing the game. Im not! I love this game! The art, the sound, the simplicity it all adds up to make the game amazing!"
,Recommended,496300,28106914,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Phil Meth,"Watched it at the channel of the German youtuber Gronkh and got hooked instantly. You learn the basics in an instant, but you still find your ways and tricks to get better. Also good for playing by the side or in a break. Hope more comes soon!"
76561198197249289,Recommended,496300,28040954,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ezcohen26,"In many was an improvment over the original, with improved graphics, gameplay, and replayability. Has some of the same flaws, but these are minor. Recommended for fans of strategy games."
76561198311894158,Recommended,496300,28223430,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Your Dog,"INCREDIBLE game for those who are experts or just overall fans of strategy. Kingdom: New Lands will test your critical thinking, analysis, strategy, resourcefulness and focus skills. I highly reccomend this game for anyone looking for a game that will make you think wisely about your choices. You can spend hours on this game, 30+ maybe, but is definitely worth the purchase!"
76561198024973615,Recommended,496300,28231800,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,SJB,It's good.
76561198071860659,Recommended,496300,28277965,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Master_Slater_Guy,Its pretty good
76561198212386199,Recommended,496300,26192506,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Steveington,"Fun little game, is a bit easy but the classic version makes up for it, it also can get repetative at times but all and all a nice fun game that at times can be really hard, and at most a casual, calm, and for the most part fun way to spend your time and money."
76561198006352296,Recommended,496300,26238300,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Mr_Eat_Your_Soul.,SOOOOOO WORTH IT ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I EVER PLAYED!!
,Recommended,496300,26175582,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Vecoculus,really good game high replay value.. love the music. love the pixel art work.. its a great tower defence with good simplicty and hidden stuff.  created a kindom and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥little gobbly dudes.. marched my army in the wrong direction only to discover that they wait for the boat at the pier to board when going to the next land.. 10/10 would derp for glory again
76561197965220040,Recommended,496300,26263144,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Xardas,"ProsArt/Music/Feel:The game is simply pleasing to look at and play, I can't think of a game that relaxes me as much as New Lands did.  The music is peaceful and relaxing most of the time and fits perfectly.Simple Design:One button controls can be difficult to make for compelling gameplay, but New Lands nails it.  Just because it is simple does not mean it lacks challenge. I feel that the game is best played with optimization in mind and with the goal of leaving each island as quickly as possible.Exploration:Going in blind is recommended because it leaves you free to explore and experiment.  The element of Risk vs Reward is excellent when making a far reaching journey across the map into the unknown.  Soft permadeath adds a level of investment to your exploration.ConsSome Poor Achievements:All the duration achievements are simply counter-intuitive to the design of the game which has you attempting to leave each island as quickly as possible.  They are not challenging and really create a slog when you go for 100 days.  That being said some people could care less about them, if that is you, wonderful.Waiting:There are some things that leaving you waiting longer than really is necessary, but I would argue that it is mostly do to poor planing and execution on the part of the player.  If you find yourself doing nothing often you might want to rethink your methods.  The boat however moves incredibly slowly, as a tip, be aware removing trees in it's path significantly increases it's speed.  Even still it moves far to slowly.  If you are incredibly impatient or have ADD you might have a hard time enjoying it.Final ThoughtsI clearly love the game, and I really want to see more from the developers.  I strongly recommend using a controller and finding a comfortable spot on a couch!"
,Recommended,496300,26585136,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,King Dank Kush,"Kingdom New Lands is one of my favorite survival / city building / tower defense games in recent years. It's a rich game in depth of strategy with many directions players can take to win. Kingdom has beautifully rendered pixel art graphics with a music soundtrack that is superb as well.I've put a lot of hours into this game already and as developers release new patches and content, I'm sure I'll log many more hours to come. It's very addictive. Relaxing even. Just watch out for Blood Moons and Winter!I highly recommend this game."
76561198095975297,Recommended,496300,26509428,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Reloch,"I'm terrible in this game, but I still recommend it.- That's quite a recommendation, isn't it?"
76561198166725475,Recommended,496300,26484810,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Pur901,"This game is THE ♥♥♥♥ING BEST!!!  excuse my language its pretty you dont need a good pc, and its fun! its really hard but thats part of the house"
76561198027646987,Recommended,496300,26542791,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bledri,Really enjoyed playing the classic version of Kingdom. The new version starts out adds a little bit of vareity to the game by allowing the player to move to different lands. That seem to increase in difficulty as one moves to the bigger Islands.
,Recommended,496300,26693032,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,CrazyNinja,"Adventure and Tower Defense Combination that works really well. The game can be hard to learn at first, and just when you think you won, you have another island to go to.Its pretty good, however I think I had to restart a few times because I didn't understand some mechanics, due to there not being an explanation of most things.9/10"
76561198033867044,Recommended,496300,27109819,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SgtAspartame,"Simple but so fun, maybe is the futur will need updates to add more contents"
76561198056594510,Recommended,496300,27173581,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,|FallTec|,Another fantastic pixel game that you can spend hours and hours of playing. Simple game with only few buttons as controls but lot's of content that takes those gameplay hours.
,Recommended,496300,27182489,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fre2pe,There is no way to not enjoy this game
,Recommended,496300,27228855,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Creeper_Phil,"In my opinion, one of the most beautiful games available on the Steam Store. Both the modern and smooth-looking pixel-based graphics, and the electronic soundtrack are amazingly beautiful.Gameplay-wise, this game is extremely simple, but very charming."
76561198271212710,Recommended,496300,31201458,Posted: 17 April,all,Lonely boi,"love the graphic style,good soundtrack too. if you like a casual game this might be the one for you"
,Recommended,496300,31296459,Posted: 22 April,all,FrontZツ,good game
,Recommended,496300,31306120,Posted: 22 April,all,Zach,Great Game. Would Love To See Co-op In This Game Seems Like It Needs It
76561198063257143,Recommended,496300,31264232,Posted: 20 April,all,Ty The Spoonk,"So Kingdom: New Lands, where to start. This game isn't for everyone I'll say that now, but it is for a masochist... like me, the game is a recource managment game with no control over your recruits (other than commanding them to build♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the only true recource is getting Phat Stacks of gold. You defend your kingdom by building up walls and recruting people to do the labor you refuse to get off your♥♥♥♥♥and do. every night the kingdom gets attacked by Monsters, and as the the nights go on it gets a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton harder. This dosent have hand holding at all so be warned, you'll want the wiki or at least a steam guide. this game is a bit too hard in some places, such as hulking monsters (known as Breeders) practically being Greed on steroids with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of health and can spawn other greed, its a bit too OP but if you play your cards right you should be able to beat him... at least when theres only one of em, there is a night where 3 of them attack at once and practically wipe the floor with your kingdom. Also this game can get repetitive after a while, but there are unlocks that spice up the gameplay (even though in later islands the RNG can seem out to get you) Overall i like the game and reccomend it."
76561198118910138,Recommended,496300,31210051,Posted: 17 April,all,Percidvales I,I-- I am a masochist.
76561198094284724,Recommended,496300,31263474,Posted: 20 April,all,Duckin Little,"Great game, gets boring after a while though."
,Recommended,496300,31338199,Posted: 24 April,all,Kenny Spacey,"A very stressful but strangely calming game. Beautiful original sound track, amazing pixel art graphics, and very mysterious back story to the land. Would recommend this game who want a strategy game or a game that is a fun time waster."
,Recommended,496300,31208152,Posted: 17 April,all,Skalmon,"This game is incredibly simple, yet everything is done right and perfectly balanced. There's not a ton of content, but the game is made in a way that you can play it for hundreds of hours and continue to have fun. It may not seem worth the money, but it absolutely is, I highly reccommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,496300,30271334,Posted: 1 March,all,DoctorCassButt,"Love this game, has so many more features than the first."
,Recommended,496300,31229041,Posted: 18 April,all,Franky Fast Hands,"Very intresting game, although after going through about 3 islands, I am concerned about the longvity of it."
76561198218334892,Recommended,496300,31352573,Posted: 25 April,all,dingo,"over 200 hours total in this game (including tiime spent on Kingdom: classic), and I'm still playing. I've played more hours than 20+ other games i've paid for on Steam. I love the pace, the graphics, the audio, the music, the timing, the strategy, it's just such a well-balanced beautiful game I couldn't recommend it enough. Love lit. You will enjoy it."
,Recommended,496300,31382035,Posted: 26 April,all,Druiska,"This product....This game....How do I review something like this!?I will try, so this game is something different, it has a completely DIFFERENT way of looking at things, and probably has a really deep meaning to why everything works the way it does. I LOVE THIS GAME! But it seems to just draw itself out, since I don't know how to advance the story. Definitely watch a tutorial beforehand, or else you will get stuck in the unknowing like I did.Beware the unknowing.Because I don't know how to get out."
76561198032370632,Recommended,496300,24987186,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Matze,Kingdom: New Lands shines with simple control and atmospheric retro-pixels. The sound underpins the gentle melancholy of the game and a loss of the crown is oh so bitterly commented.The developers have accepted the constructive criticism of the community and significantly increased the long-term motivation by a simple trick. Absolutely recommendable.
76561198079957148,Recommended,496300,25172781,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,popstuff,"I don't usually write reviews. In fact I rarely do, but this game deserves it. The atmosphere created by the art style and music in this 'expansion' is downright mesmerising at times. And the fact that previous Kingdom owners get this all for free is a testament to how generous the developers are.To the devs,Thank you for creating such a beautiful game."
76561198183082441,Recommended,496300,31450631,Posted: 29 April,all,blueassassin996,"very addictive. you build your kingdom from the ground up and defend against the bad guys who want to steal you crown. And for each signpost you find you unlock a bonus that can help you, be it new mounts or shrines that tempoary inprove yours archers, builders, knights or farmers."
76561198101538580,Recommended,496300,31469164,Posted: 30 April,all,bunanna,"This game was super fun and intriguing off the bat, then slowly became really frustrating, then I gave up, then I tried again, then I kind of figured it out, then I beat the game. It was very satisfying to finally figure out how to beat the damn game. Also, I loved the minimalistic nature of the gameplay - you can literally play with one hand, slouched in your chair, eating Cinnabons, while ignoring the needs of your spouse and dogs. I can't think of another game that has given me that kind of freedom and fun at the same time. This game isn't for everyone, but I sure enjoyed it. Graphics, music, gameplay - all awesome. Would highly recommend."
76561197980156403,Recommended,496300,31423960,Posted: 28 April,all,Csta,"A very cool game with some built-in flaws that develop beyond the first zone. Others will not agree with me. But the game gets very difficult at a certain point, to a degree that made me stop playing. Still, I got around 20 hours of gameplay outta this game and only paid like $5 for it. I'm fairly pleased with my purchase. Nice music and pixel art. Addictive gameplay. Very little instruction on what to do, which caused multiple failed attempts before eventual success -- which I enjoyed. Overall, an intriguing experience. 8/10"
76561197975603364,Recommended,496300,31603176,Posted: 7 May,all,Sveny,"An indie jewl,beautifal pixel art combined with brilliant execution, make for addictive gameplay money well spent."
76561198085349542,Recommended,496300,31596417,Posted: 6 May,all,BlueHaven,"Great game, though it needs a more thorough tutorial and better AI (or better control of your NPC's)."
76561198137510713,Recommended,496300,31514539,Posted: 2 May,all,drewgator,"Love the game, New Lands is such a great improvement on the previous version, my only complaint is if you stay on a singular island for too long, it becomes winter and unless you still have the donkey man you more or less cant get any money. Aside from that and lack of information from the game, 9/10, love it."
76561198101265114,Recommended,496300,31897952,Posted: 22 May,all,IT'S 12PM,"coin throwing simulator, 10/10 would share my wealth again."
76561198086605410,Recommended,496300,31779622,Posted: 15 May,all,lukemeister00,"I tend to play this game late at night while laying in bed with my laptop - and I always fall asleep and wake up to those goony little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s running off with my crown.This game is pretty fun, simple, and feels very polished. It feels very casual but can get challenging. It can be played with just using the four arrow keys, which makes it a good laptop game."
76561198221844756,Recommended,496300,31834019,Posted: 18 May,all,imorales,Simple to learn fun to play.
,Recommended,496300,31848645,Posted: 19 May,all,holyhand,"great art ,great game"
,Recommended,496300,31901975,Posted: 22 May,all,cothfotmeoo,"An excellent game.  I'm not sure how it's tied to the original Kingdom but it definitely exceeds the expectations in my book.  Fantastic strategy game of collect and drop the coins causes me to delicately plan out my course of action and frugally invest my moneys into the next best way to protect and provide for my castle.  Walls, towers, bowmen, builders, farmers, a banker, a merchant, and a variety of dangerous enemies known as Greed.  This game is a complete masterpiece."
76561198051605158,Recommended,496300,31911671,Posted: 22 May,all,Santaissick,Beautiful simplistic design and highly addictive gameplay. Played the original with the troll faces years back in newgrounds. I can't wait for the multiplayer update.
,Recommended,496300,31964300,Posted: 25 May,all,Neatrianty,This game is very good challenging at first but when you get the hang of it it gets easier
76561198353084300,Recommended,496300,31980701,Posted: 26 May,all,Vikstar,"One of my favorite games , 10/10"
,Recommended,496300,31993973,Posted: 27 May,all,Pasda' Ⓢ,A poetic masterpiece.
76561198119499305,Recommended,496300,31972929,Posted: 26 May,all,[gg] Drill Instructor,"Absolutelty top game. I played the first installment for more thn 100 hours and had a great deal of fun with it. This version now lloks and plays basically the same, but it has some new features that are really improvements on the original gameplay.So definitely a recommendation!"
,Recommended,496300,31971182,Posted: 26 May,all,wyulf,"kingdom is a survival game of sorts. it has beautiful pixel art, and a nice relaxing soundtrack to go with it for the most parts, and some nice tense music during attacks. the controls are simple, and easy to work with.the gist of the game consists of you starting off with some minimal gold, and you manage your resources, in terms of money and manpower, build up your kingdom, protect your kingdom, while plotting to escape to the next land.for the most parts, it's a really fun game to get into, and as you try to unlock some content, it becomes more fun, as you'll end up having a bit more different stuff to play with. but in the end, the content does feel a bit lacking, as you'd notice the longer you play, it slowly becomes a bit more repetitive (more noticeable if you attempt to do the 100-day achievement, and overstay at an island, it gets pretty boring once snowfall comes).regardless, i had a really good time with the game, and i do hope, if we ever see a sequel, that maybe the devs might want to consider having some 'random events' to spice things up, a couple more different units (for player and enemies alike), and perhaps also add a 'deconstruct' option, so we can sometimes switch up strategies, and move our borders, etc."
,Recommended,496300,31917502,Posted: 23 May,all,Not Matt See,"Fun game, the changes from Kingdom Classic definitely increase the replayability for me"
,Recommended,496300,31922202,Posted: 23 May,all,Island8,"Nice game, better get it on the phone though"
76561197997959857,Recommended,496300,32052548,Posted: 29 May,all,Alec,"I've spent so many hours enjoying this game. The ""je ne sais quoi"" of games of old (I'm 40yo). I've beaten the game over and over again, first on my pc, then iOS devices. It just makes me feel like when I used to play Civilitzation 1 on D.O.S. over and over again. Starting a new game, discovering the resources and planning, using the horses/deer/unicorn/bear etc according to the situation, measuring blood nights and expaning right after the storm...My, thanks SO MUCH to the developers for bringing me so much hours of joy with this! I can't wait to play next updates or future games!!!!  THANK YOU!"
76561198243487772,Recommended,496300,32094800,Posted: 31 May,all,BlazerNineFurry,"I would recommend this sidescroller game. It deserves an 9/10 if only because it could of used more content lol!Otherwise this game is amazing for burning away the hours as I have put in almost 400 hours of gameplay in the attempt to beat island 5 all the way to day 100. Aside from the ever uncertain seediness of the game (random placement of everything) everytime you start the game over, and go onward to the next island. The game is amazing in most ways if you plan ahead, and build a mighty kingdom just to watch it all crash/burn, or be gone because of neverending winter :P"
76561198071851253,Recommended,496300,32115232,Posted: 1 June,all,speed Weeeed,"I have beat both versions of this game, and both are pretty fun. After beating the games I still come back every once in a while just to fool around. It is challenging if you don't know what your doing, but you can get the hang of it after a while. After that point you can use the controller support for a chill game. A shortcome is if you use nothing but archers your set for the game. Will buy next Kingdom game. GG"
76561198118558959,Recommended,496300,32134586,Posted: 2 June,all,250x250,Bought this thinking it would be fun for about an hour. still loving it at hour ten.
76561198202363985,Recommended,496300,32155981,Posted: 3 June,all,Hurikán Ďoďko 2,Good game.
76561198099272400,Recommended,496300,29046133,Posted: 5 January,all,trrz1,"It is a decent and rather short game. I found no joy in playing past the first island, but can easily recommnd this game for a few hours of intense fun"
76561198049971828,Recommended,496300,29031136,Posted: 5 January,all,AllyYoko,"I found this game cause jacksepticeye played it and it looked charming so I gave it a try. I LOVE it, the only thing I don't enjoy is winter. I'm more a defensive/careful player, and while I like the idea of the game pushing me to move on, it's more of a really brutal shove.I would very much enjoy to get a causal mode option. I have grown more bold the longer I have played, because I became more comfortable with the rules of the game, but it's kinda frustrating to play for hours and then winter comes around, and everything is going bad, and I google when winter stops and I find out that I've ♥♥♥♥ed myself over and basically wasted my time, waiting to be killed off by the enemy and no possibility to fix it :/"
,Recommended,496300,28936354,Posted: 2 January,all,Darxim,"There's more stuff, but it's less fun that the original.  All you have to do in this one is clear one side (which don't even produce counterattacks after the small portals are down) and then build the boat, which is way easier than the original where you had to clear both sides and survive a massive counter-attack from both sides at the end.  I'd still recommend this one, but I'd recommend the original over it."
76561198354532242,Recommended,496300,29149249,Posted: 9 January,all,JanaKennedy,"This game is beautiful! Love the simplicity of it, not too over the top, however there really aren't many in game directions so I don't know how quick I would have picked stuff up had I not watched a playthrough a while ago... but that might just be me"
76561198045373649,Recommended,496300,28756779,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,zuckerfrei,"This is one of the most beautiful pixel art games I've played. The simplistic controls are pleasing, the sounds great. The overall atmosphere is 10/10.Unfortunately, gameplay is not as compelling. Once you get the gist of it, it's pretty straightforward and actually easy to beat. Replayability value is low, all 5 islands are way too similar.I still enjoyed it and would recommend it, but to me its content does not justify its base price of 15 EUR."
76561198006796189,Recommended,496300,28774916,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,eddieharr,This game is simply amazing.
,Recommended,496300,28847353,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ex Machina,"Beautiful game for in-between (If wrong word: don't judge me, judge google translate). The graphics are lovely and the game principle has a light addiction factor.It's like: ""Just one wall ... Oh I need the money for that ... the archers on the other side will have something ... I'll just survive this night!""Over and over again ..."
76561198052378867,Recommended,496300,28801563,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TBGameDesign,I cant be more impressed. So simple ot control. So simple to play. It builds on its own complexity and gets funner and funner. Well done! I cant recommend it enough.
76561198068929638,Recommended,496300,27833657,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Weesla,"I was surprised that the game  got updated and re-released as a stand-alone game. It has the mechanics and simplicity of the old game with even more features like level progression (able to go to another island) and unlockable content.Basically, if you loved the first game, you'd want to marry the this one.An easy 10/10."
76561198037999256,Recommended,496300,29240848,Posted: 13 January,all,Tools of Math Instruction,Very cool game. It is relaxing and easy to get into and play.
,Recommended,496300,29230691,Posted: 13 January,all,Faeronheit,"After ten days days in the kindom I'd builtMy walls began to turn redAfter thirty days hunting for citizensI was looking at a river bedAnd the story it told with its archer's bowsMade me sad to think they were dead.You see I've been through the forest on a horse with no nameIt felt good to ride in the rainIn the forest you can't remember your name'Cause there 70 greed set on giving you painLa, la"
76561198004630611,Recommended,496300,29242976,Posted: 14 January,all,Brannigan,"So these guys called ""the greed"" keep coming every night to steal my gold. I gave the nearby beggars some bows to defend my gold. Understandably the untrained beggars miss almost every shot. So I gave some other beggars hammers. They built a wall. And another wall. Until they built so many walls that no one could take my gold. One night the moon turned red. My little wooden walls were no match for the greed. It was a blood bath. As I ran, I taxed that last of the people out of their few remaining coins. I abandoned those people to run with my purse full. In the end the greed burnt down my entire kingdom, they took it all, and I became a beggar myself. I think the moral of the story is, dont keep so many coins that you yourself become the greed. Very thought provoking game."
76561198021222711,Recommended,496300,29258881,Posted: 14 January,all,roots,this game is the best.  I like to just chill out on the couch and ride my horse.. building my kingdom..
,Recommended,496300,29260580,Posted: 14 January,all,Saint XIX,"In all due fairness, Kingdom: New Lands is a very addictive game. The unity of splendid visuals and simplistic gameplay, took my whole attention, thus, respect to the game developers Thomas van den Berg and Marco Bancale.In brief, the game requires Your time to strategically develop a solid fortress to protect Your king. To find the way around the game was a challenge in the beginning, but eventually, I found the approach guarding the King against the comical minions.I was curious to unlock the different upgrades for my Kingdom, which made me intrigued. I guess, that`s the secret for a game to keep a player entertained- upgrades for the character.I want to recommend this game for people with patience and determination to take time developing skills to survive.I recommend this game for people who have played and enjoyed other “Tower Defense” type of games. Without a doubt this the best defense game I have personally played.And overall, I endorse this game for individuals who want to feel at ease. However, I have to admit that there were several times when I startled because of the “hit and run” minions attacking the King during the misty nights.To sum up, the marvelous 8-bit visuals, the harmonious OST, and the simplistic gameplay makes this a must-have game."
,Recommended,496300,30888361,Posted: 1 April,all,B L E E C h,"I think this is pretty good. It's one of those pretty to look at, simplistic games like Stardew Valley that taps into your OCD and has you promising yourself that you'll definitely exit after you've done this bit and then 2 hours later your eyes are getting tired and you're too tired to do that other thing you were gonna do now and you realise you just wasted your whole evening.Will probably waste my whole evening again. *thumbs up*"
,Recommended,496300,29182100,Posted: 11 January,all,Saki,"This game is a really simple yet a bit hard one. You have to discover everything and how they work by yourself and that is really cool.And it's really beautiful, the graphics and the ambience perfectly go along and it makes the game really pleasing to play.New Lands adds a lot to the original game too.Definitely recommend this game, for the price tag, I don't really, I got it on sales at 10€ but they're worth it !"
,Recommended,496300,29356248,Posted: 19 January,all,SoraNoIkki,"The best part of this new game is that even if it based on the same gameplay of the previous one, it makes you feel like you're playing a totally new scenario. AMAZING!And the pixel art used here is way to higher level than every other i've seen till now!"
,Recommended,496300,29375376,Posted: 20 January,all,Ivan - Derp Squad 101,"i love pixels.... my friends username are pixels... my tv screen actually a mix of colored pixels... every laptop / pc monitor have pixels, pixels are the mother of video and machine with screens"
,Recommended,496300,29705141,Posted: 4 February,all,bambam,"Im baffled of how a game with so many strategy details is working so well with just using the arrow keys.Also the pixelart is amazing.Fantastic job to the devs on this one, amazing game."
76561198037768500,Recommended,496300,29573428,Posted: 29 January,all,Robin Da Hood,"Great Depth of play, don't let the graphics run you off."
76561198170110939,Recommended,496300,29410712,Posted: 21 January,all,n.crissey,"Abslutely stunning. The pixel art and music make this experience incredibly immersive, not to mention how fun it is to play. Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,496300,29397305,Posted: 21 January,all,Sgt. Fury RDS,Great!
76561198142311722,Recommended,496300,29493906,Posted: 25 January,all,sush1monster,"Light-weight 2D kingdom building game with beautifully colorful pixel graphics; it's so pretty it can be quite pleasant just to stop look at the sun set.With New Lands the basic design has been rounded out into a more complete game. The player now has the objective of locating and rebuilding the derelict ship, and once rebuilt safely tugging it to the pier at one end of the map and sailing to the next level, along with all the current gold and any units that boarded the boat. This simple design gives a nice and needed touch to the original design of the game, which is very pretty but is quite light-weight as a game.The difficulty comes from the inability to undo any command, which are performed by workers immediately regardless of their personal safety. Particular levels may also be arbitrarily difficult or easy due to the random level design: Fortifications and farm buildings are restricted to particular natural features (hills, rocks, and rivers), which occur completely randomly on the map. Overall though this design tends to present each level as its own procedural puzzle, asking the player how best to ""solve"" it given the restricted tools of the game.At the end of the day, this is a beautiful and relaxing (except for bad moon nights...) game"
,Recommended,496300,29342437,Posted: 18 January,all,Jardhoops,"Awesome little game.  Most negative reviews are from individual's interpretations of the game that falls outside of what the developer intended.  Even so, it is quite easy to survive a long time (50+ days) on any island.This game is about learning how things work, mostly through trial and error, while your kingdom crumble at slight mistakes.  Think problem solving in a 2D game world.  This game appears difficult until you learn how things work and don't work and until you have most/all of the unlocks. I am looking at you Mr.Bear.Learning how to utilize your people and resources is vital to your success, balancing defenses and economy to complete the objective you've set your sights on.  I want to say more, but that spoils the mystery and discovery of this game.  (which is a large portion of the fun).  Dive in and play.Worth the full price, but I did catch it on a sale.Just remember... Nothing lasts."
76561198060222128,Recommended,496300,29340571,Posted: 18 January,all,BosSG,"Very nice game here mr. devs..... love what youre doing!i have a few things i wish for this game:an end for the wintergolems get -20% hp (because if there are 5, like at me.... i lost my crown and they ate it;.(But mostly i really love this game 10/10"
,Recommended,496300,29669534,Posted: 3 February,all,bigsam97,"Nice little fun game that is a great boredom buster, not so keen on the price that was orginally asked for on the orginal game but they have actuallly added some nice things and features to this variant."
76561198031529307,Recommended,496300,24831302,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,actionorb,"7/10 Better than Classic, lots of issues are adressed, like the horrible pacing. Although it gets repetitive too after the first couple of islands.I don't recommend Classic (thumbs down) but I recommend this one!Still a few ""bugs"" or annoying design choices... I can't tell:-Grass doesn't grow past walls (and farms I think). If you expand too fast you will have a muddy wasteland in front of your borders instead of happy bunny land... which sucks, because bunnys are a major source of income, and because you can't demolish buildings... In my kingdom I have right now, I have zero income exept of the stupid trader, which is already standing in my base but doesn't want to unload his mule, maybe he feels tomorrow like doing it..."
,Recommended,496300,29619196,Posted: 31 January,all,Bingo csgo500 csgo-dope.com,"Simple, Relaxing, Strategy, Satisfying. A great concept, executed perfectly. Probably the only game in my steam inventory that can be played without internet, but its so good that I'll play it whether I have internet or not."
76561198056331078,Recommended,496300,29835351,Posted: 10 February,all,Gingercraft,"Mechanics here is awesome. You can either walk all the way discovering every bit of the game environment, which will take you a LONG, or ravish through the guides on the Internet ""to save time"".Even choosing the last option I still spent like a whole week trying to get everything in every location. It was an awesomely positive experience, you are very nicely bound by environment."
,Recommended,496300,29811276,Posted: 9 February,all,./orta,"I completed this, at times it was frustrating, at times it was exhilerating.They did a great job."
76561198200623487,Recommended,496300,29808494,Posted: 9 February,all,Overkill576,"I search long and hard for great games, this is the most fun ive had in a while. Thank you!"
,Recommended,496300,29608191,Posted: 31 January,all,[RK] Nero,"So much better than normal Kingdom, this adds much more variety."
,Recommended,496300,31105173,Posted: 12 April,all,Shlt FaCeD,"This game is fun, takes a bit to learn, but fun none the less.Worth a buy, but it's not for everyone."
,Recommended,496300,31103714,Posted: 12 April,all,jaramir,What a fantastic game!
76561198193403562,Recommended,496300,31097409,Posted: 12 April,all,toxicpanda36,Great♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game! Worth every penny!
76561198052674173,Recommended,496300,31096371,Posted: 12 April,all,SkyeRise,This game needs some getting used to but once you do it is far more deep and complex than anybody could expect from something based on mechanics this simple. Definitely something special and I am glad I bought it.
76561198241993982,Recommended,496300,31131846,Posted: 14 April,all,cjofranc,"Bought it on sale for less than 6$ and I'm so glad I did. This game is beautiful and addictive. I only played New Lands and even though it's a bit repetitive, it's always fun to gather gold, invest and build. Each island has a special ""shrine"" that adds something fun to the gameplay (I'm in love with the Majestic Deer that you canride instead of the horse, it's so much fun!)But enjoying the game is one thing, it still requires some skill to plan effectively, observe the units' behaviors and learn the subtle mechanics available to us.If you played only 2 or 3 hours and did not like the game, you need to give it an other try. (Unless you simply don't like this genre, of course)Great game. At least 9/10."
76561198052844908,Recommended,496300,25821873,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Finn,A true gem! Get it!
,Recommended,496300,31143066,Posted: 14 April,all,Socksyyy,great addition to the original
76561198034613083,Not Recommended,496300,31112910,Posted: 13 April,all,SekRanger,"Easy to play, dead simple. It will be hard at first. Because this game give you no clue of what to do, and how to get things done. But I wont receommend this game. Since you can't enjoy this game in long run. You must be haste to end each part before winter. ... Winter will never end. And you cannot make money in winter."
,Recommended,496300,31670710,Posted: 10 May,all,RabidHobbit,"What is awesome about this game:- One of the more moody and atmospheric medieval games out there, where you rule some villagers among dark forests and foggy banks that really feel like your new dangerous home- Extremely simple to jump into- Open sandbox: you must explore and learn how the world's logic works on your own (experiment to try and unravel the puzzles).  DON'T let anyone spoil the game for you if this is a game feature you like- Exemplary use of graphical style and musicThose things combined create a formula for the most immersive medieval game I've played in a long time.What some folks might not like:- Although a procedural game, it's not the ""infinitely replayable"" variety where there are massive combinations of random content.  There is a point when you've explored everything to offer and most probably won't consider it replayable past that.  This isn't a flaw, I just mention it because some folks have specific expectations for procedural games.- I understand that there is no plot that reveals more about the mystery of the islands, although I haven't played far enough to confirm- You don't have 100% control.  You must learn how your villagers behave and adapt your strategy around it. You can't undo mistakes, and you must live (more likely die) from them and learn for the next ruler.- Anyone who must have a wiki or hint guide to complete games is probably the opposite of who this was intended for, since a feature of the game is learning its mechanics through experimental trial and error.  There will be times where you are faced with a decision and you won't have enough information to know the right choice.  I personally like that in this game since I think they have the mechanics to support this style well.  You feel like it's the tragic story of that ruler's failed reign.A few are complaining about the price / content ratio.  I spent enough hours (LOVING it) that I feel it was worth the $15.  I believe most of these folks had incorrect expectations that the game would be more replayable.  It's not that style of game.Note that although this is also a mobile game, I prefer it on a bigger screen and speakers for the atmosphere.  It's not some desparate port.WARNING: If you read hints/spoilers you will negative impact the best this game has to offer.  Be careful what reviews you read."
,Recommended,496300,31846917,Posted: 19 May,all,Shox pvpro.com,"great game if you have a lot of parience and time, but not for busy people. onestllly would play it more often but im out of patience."
76561198105922774,Recommended,496300,31892177,Posted: 21 May,all,JoeBillyBob,This is a great game! The only thing this game needs is multiplayer!
76561198056361875,Recommended,496300,33060986,Posted: 30 June,all,Jon2Bon,"I'd recommend this game to almost anyone, it's straightforwards with it's mechanics but requires careful planning, and skill to master. 10/10"
76561197961010871,Recommended,496300,33094468,Posted: 1 July,all,Charron,What a simple but GREAT game.I had hours upon hours of great fun playing this gem of a game.Completed it multiple times.I want a sequel soon.One of the best I've played on Steam.
76561198128494638,Recommended,496300,33568421,Posted: 15 July,all,|TSC|The2lied,"In my opinion, this game is one of my favorite side scroller games, besides terraria of course. This game has very beautiful 8-Bit graphics and a fairly fun storyline. I watched Paul Soares play the first Kingdom and i bought that and got this for free because i owned the first one. I have had quite a few fun hours, and is also very controller friendly(I have done playthroughs with both). This game is very simple, an easy UI, an easy tutorial and fairly challenging for a game of this calibre. I highly recommend this game for full price and especially on sale."
76561198182014485,Recommended,496300,33566312,Posted: 15 July,all,Murray,"I like this game because when the boat is finished you go to a world, there are 2 scary portals and it is hard."
76561197981040264,Recommended,496300,33549738,Posted: 14 July,all,rain_goes_pitap,"Superb game. Best I've played in years. I often make myself play games that I know I Should want to play, but I just don't have the urge so watch them gather dust in my library. Kingdom: New Lands is totally different.  I think about it often and yearn to play it. I've tried to describe the richness of the game to others and I just don't do it justice, so I won't bother. Just know that it is polished, beautiful, simple yet complex, and extremely fun and addictive. It's exactly what a game Should be - fun."
,Recommended,496300,33485564,Posted: 12 July,all,Wift,"A very addicting, challanging and fun game!I couldnt stop playing it when i first started."
76561198011302773,Recommended,496300,33484536,Posted: 12 July,all,RedBot,"This game is delightfully brutal at times. Love it though, so SO much!"
,Recommended,496300,33594064,Posted: 16 July,all,Oblivion,"A great game, extremely engrossing, but hard as ♥♥♥♥. Just make sure you focus on archers. As many archers as you can afford. And Jesus Christ have your♥♥♥♥♥♥ready before winter comes because after that, your income is decimated.It's frustrating that you don't have any control over where your minions go, but I guess that's kinda the point. Either way, a very enjoyable game and a great expansion on the original."
76561198362151988,Recommended,496300,33471423,Posted: 11 July,all,sugarshak,Dope. Mr. Fruit>
76561198061988859,Recommended,496300,33479807,Posted: 12 July,all,Jazzthekid,fun game needs more stuff to do like new buildings and villagers but other than that its worth the 18 bucks
76561198013970966,Recommended,496300,33751763,Posted: 23 July,all,saf,"A fantastic improvement on the original.For the uninitiated: beautiful visual aesthetic, randomized levels, and interesting  strategic mechanics. The game can become frustrating and feel impossible until you get a feel for it (check out the wiki if you're losing and getting frustrated). The player character is generally not an active participant in the combat, which frees you to focus on the macro strategy, and it's extremely rewarding to reach the endgame with a stable kingdom.Also the music is fantastic."
,Recommended,496300,33880776,Posted: 29 July,all,Avolition,"A truly flawless game.  The mood it evokes is unmatched.  The style, mechanics, art, music; it all culminates in a simply beautiful experience."
,Recommended,496300,33871101,Posted: 28 July,all,Reyan,"I have this version of the game, and I have plain old Kingdom, and I realized that between the two I've played for like 20 hours, even though this game is so minimal.  It's a little bit of a filler game, like good little bite sized play sessions and not too demanding, but building up your kingdom is very satifying, as is progressing farther and farther as you figure it out more, and of course the art and sound and general atmosphere is great.  Something I keep coming back to!"
76561198093236992,Recommended,496300,33859680,Posted: 28 July,all,Zexycreep,Gud stuff
,Recommended,496300,33857610,Posted: 28 July,all,randolf,"Great pixel art, deceptively simple trance-forming gameplay, impossible achievements, satire, and the terror of helplessness if you get overconfident. I found the original Kingdom winnable but this expanded version is 2spoopy5me and should last you a while"
,Recommended,496300,33849455,Posted: 27 July,all,Billy Wolfe,Relaxing game until the monsters at night come and slaughter your whole kingdom and loved ones in front of you just for coins....greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!   (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ ... ((Great game))
,Recommended,496300,32116825,Posted: 1 June,all,Nugget,"Even though, this game was a sequel to one of my favourite games. I didn't see too much of a difference. It would have been nice if you added more enemies to face and more kinds of buildings so there more content and a challenge to the game. Winter does not ruin my gameplays too much. My highest record on days was 174. I had winter for 149 days. I had a record of day 100 on my kingdom classic. The game would lag too much for my computer when you have 500 troops on each side. I recommend getting this game after kingdom classic, just so that you get the concept. I wish they had changed more of the achievements instead of 70% of them being the same achievements from Kingdom Classic so theres more of a challenge and not a repeat. Although, this game is almost impossible to get bored of and I was shocked for people to give negative reviews about this awesome little game. I rate this game 9/10. Would sail onto another sequel again."
76561198246965792,Recommended,496300,33839161,Posted: 27 July,all,moofster69,Best thing
76561198184325422,Recommended,496300,27484926,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rob,I think this is a good game.pros:- u can be king or queen- u can have dogs- u can have wars against trolls (?) just like lord of the rings- boatscons:- eventually you can't really get the hobos to join you without some extra work i don't want to do
76561198035946000,Recommended,496300,34565935,Posted: 28 August,all,GolovA,"Seemingly simplistic, Kingdom: New Lands achieves an impressive depth by using its limited components with extreme agility and thought.  Surprisingly well designed and superbly balanced, this visually one-dimensional game is a joy to play.And if you have a controller – you can play Kingdom with just one hand!HIGHLY RECOMMEND."
76561198110161551,Recommended,496300,34512316,Posted: 26 August,all,Shac,"I absolutely love Kingdom: New Lands. It's so simplistic, yet oddly complex, and it's a very low effort game. Whenever I want to chill, I just load up this game and play for hours. It does take a fair bbit of strategy, but its easy to figure out the best way to do things after a couple of tries. Would highly reccomend this game."
76561198385549513,Recommended,496300,34553333,Posted: 28 August,all,144weaver,"Love the new game.  Once you find certain things it becomes much easier, but becomes dull at certain points."
76561197970733841,Recommended,496300,34584428,Posted: 29 August,all,Jaeger,"When it comes to kingdom building games, I've always been the kind of player who prefers to turtle, forming an impenetrable fortress that hordes of enemies crash and break upon the defensives. To my delight, this game provides a fun and engaging way to do exactly that.But that strategy alone will only serve you for so long. After some time, winter sets in and begins to sap your resources. Enemies continue to swarm your walls and defenders. And before you know it, you are on the loosing side in a war of attrition.What this game taught me is the constant defense of you kingdom can only be part of your strategy, and you need an overall plan to ration your resources and eventually escape a doomed kingdom. Now at first I found that hard to do, especially after I put in so much effort to build it up and defend it. But once I accepted the inevitable loss of my kingdom, I realized I could enjoy both the defensive challenge and the race against time to escape with the most soldiers and resources I could muster.Overall I've really enjoyed this game, especially for the fact that is had me rethink and improve my strategic approach."
76561198022460813,Recommended,496300,34427864,Posted: 22 August,all,THE HASH SLINGING SLASHER,"Simple to play, almost impossible to master. There are so many things to discover,"
76561198214535627,Recommended,496300,34443755,Posted: 23 August,all,Davidhatesspiders,"it's a good game, wish there is more content."
,Recommended,496300,34546223,Posted: 27 August,all,ahstanin,"This game was amazing, will love to see some updates soon. Please devs don't let this amazing game die."
,Recommended,496300,34363644,Posted: 19 August,all,Shark,fun game
76561198003230596,Recommended,496300,34493470,Posted: 25 August,all,The Grumbliest Puppy,"Fantastic. Not as complete as I'd like, but that's only because I love it so much.Definitely worth the full price.  Would love to see expansions, a satisfying ending and more variety in gameplay for later levels."
76561197988820366,Not Recommended,496300,34396778,Posted: 21 August,all,Ravior,"Nice idea but theres nothing about new lands. Its plain and simple some more items that you can get and a variety of difficulty levels you venture through. The islands all look the same. Nothing to explore, nothing to be happy about when you finally win one land. Just sad."
76561198119560256,Recommended,496300,34755304,Posted: 5 September,all,Bowsercannon,i have played this game for a while and i cant beat the first island :( who put hard mode on?
,Recommended,496300,34647803,Posted: 31 August,all,dkimster,Mesmerizing game.  I got so hooked on Xbox that I bought it on PC just to play it on my laptop.  Amazing depth for such simple gameplay and graphics.
76561198342158735,Recommended,496300,34790605,Posted: 7 September,all,1_inch_wonder,"Loved it. Loved the art, loved the concept, loved the game... but... the game is rather repetitive after a while, and once you've discovered all the ""unknowns"", there isn't really that much more to the game. If the developers could perhaps make updates (it could even be sold as DLC) more frequent, and more content based, then I, among many others, would appreciate it.Overall: 8.5/10 (could be pushed up to a 9-9.5 with a few good updates)"
76561198148498453,Recommended,496300,34425392,Posted: 22 August,all,Piglike8,10/10 ign
76561198283493162,Recommended,496300,34849788,Posted: 9 September,all,jeffeastoldwoman,it's a great game with amazing controls. if you like strategy games mixed with adventure you will love Kingdom New Lands
76561197992999760,Recommended,496300,34920025,Posted: 13 September,all,Shrapnel,"Awesome game. It starts out so simple and charming, then it turns into this city building project / raider of the lost ark / defend against the hordes. Even though its pixelated, there is a beauty in the way those pixels are arranged, from the sunsets on your town to the torches reflecting in the waters below.The strategy builds upon itself, starting you off with simple wooden blockades up to large stone walls and even other buffs and surprises if you venture into the forest.Highly recommended."
76561198094096900,Recommended,496300,35176213,Posted: 24 September,all,Solaire [ITA],This game is so cool guys. You must play it!I'm waitting for a new big update!
76561198349617807,Recommended,496300,35143898,Posted: 22 September,all,UraniumAndroid,This game is amazing!
76561198074123569,Recommended,496300,35153465,Posted: 23 September,all,peperonihead,Good game!
76561198214928939,Recommended,496300,35264946,Posted: 28 September,all,Surprisebacon csgolive.com,Good
,Recommended,496300,35491118,Posted: 5 October,all,Lil' MÆSZ,In this time I have played this. And my love for pixelated games. This one is amazing. No further info acquired.
76561198235983110,Recommended,496300,35501677,Posted: 5 October,all,BeGentel,This game is awesome!!!!!
,Recommended,496300,35500132,Posted: 5 October,all,flontapitt,king dom new land news gotr nerw land beter tahn olds but no maroie ntop sayssory from ps mesage mbuit im going to hgo
