user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197992681922,Not Recommended,496460,32165029,Posted: 3 June,all,SirLogiC,"Hard to recommend this game at the moment. It is so similar to Banished, and adds so little, with problems that are long fixed in Banished.Firstly this does have better graphics, and the first person mode is useful to use.Problems and Issues:1) There is a woeful lack of decorations, placables, clutter objects, whatever you want to call them. No decorative trees, gardens, dock items like crates or nets, fountains. There is some walls, arches, signs and light posts, that's it.2) There are no couples. People will move to the closest house to their job. This can mean houses full of only women or men or even only young children. Women seem to magically get pregnant, based on the house they live in.3) The people are work units. They never get bored, which is good because there is literally only the tavern, which isn't that useful. No games or recreations or festivals or even idle chatter.OK these three problems mean the game has a massive lack of personality. You get food, have houses, make tools and clothes. Grats you are done.4) Farming is based on temerature. This forces the gameplay around a winter mechanic that drops temperature to stop farming. Longer winters = less farming time. Crops don't have a planting season, they have a planting temperature. You can usually do 2 harvests in a field. Game seems balanced for this. Breaks immersion a bit and also means the game is impossible to have a hot climate option, since it would be year round farming = too easy. Hot climate have it's own challenges. Australian here, want winter planting and early summer harvesting :(5) Map generator makes janky maps. Needs a loooot of work. All maps are island that centre is high ground. No lakes, no rivers, no plains.Unlike banished which had every food item be it's own item (gather collected mushrooms, onions, blueberries, etc, same for each field crop, etc, etc). This game simplifies those to fruit and vegetables.To be honest everything the devs seem to have done is to have the game be mechanically functioning while making it easy to code. Having each crop have it's own growing time and storage icon is a lot of work, having people live as couples in the same house, that's more work. I want more work. This game could be great, but it needs the hard work to make it great. Right now it's Banished with better graphics and less personality or gameplay."
76561198236748184,Recommended,496460,32056018,Posted: 29 May,all,goblin.queen,"I was hesitant to buy Early Access of this game, firstly, because of the number of reviewers who slammed it for being a blatant copy of 'Banished' and  the numerous complaints about crashes, but, when I saw that the Devs had released a huge patch aimed at fixing playability, I just couldn't take it anymore. I was seeing superb graphics in the Playthough videos, and mentions of there being some military threat introduced eventually (something that I had always felt Banished lacked...once you'd built everything, there was no reason to protect anything), so I forked out for the hefty price tag.I have not been disappointed by my experience thus far. While it runs on a very similar engine and UI to Banished, even at this early juncture I am already noticing some key differences to its predecessor. I also happily note today that the Workshop has now also been made available, and that the first externally developed mods are making their way on there. Definitely a very positive step toward added content, which is always a winner for me.I am head-over-heels in love with the graphics:  superbly realistic and richly designed historical clothing, buildings, environment and water. It truly delivers full immersion into another place and time, and being a veteran of city building games down the (many, many) years I have been playing them, I am very excited about this game looking like it is shaping up to be 'the one'...that medieval city building game I have been waiting for. The one that delivers the true grit that feudal life was all about: the harshness of survival being key, whether the threat came from starvation, illness or attack.Unlike Banished (which I clocked up a serious amount of play time on and I still love, don't get me wrong), I am anticipating getting to the end result of having built a full settlement and then having the responsibility of defending it. Because, realistically, no place on earth exists in a vacuum, and there will always be threats to be overcome.  And if historical authenticity can be injected into the fantastical realm of gameplay, then so much the better. I am after the full simulation experience here, so Devs:  please leave no stone unturned in future development, and I promise that you will have a fan (or a peasant chicken farmer) for life.I'm not going to go on and on about everything to do with the game content so far, because it really is a wonderful discovery experience playing the game the first time, and 'unpacking' your new toys without spoilers. :} Rather, let me attend to key issues that any buyer will want to know.1) Stability: So far, I have found it very reliable, and it only crashed once when I tried to zoom out to max view, in order to scope the further layout of my map to work out where I could expand into. I don't have a state-of-the-art computer and it has handled everything fine. I've had no other problems, and I expect this is down to the latest bug fix patch that has vastly improved stability.2) Full immersion: yes, the game looks and feels seamless, very realistic, and while still somewhat short of content (only a matter of time to become well padded out), I have to point out that I am very impressed by the stick field fences (the fact that I don't have to build them one by painful one), the time it takes to walk from place to place, the fact that villagers need to return to their abodes to eat (rather than helping themselves at the granary), and the bleak and chilling feeling that midwinter was freezing cold with minimal visibility. And, that gatherers and fields will not work once winter sets in properly. It all works very well.3) Content: Of course, it is still in Early Access, and there is miles to go yet before it is finished.  It's a bit overly-priced for the more or less basic game and available content, but it does look like it is shaping up to be quite the masterpiece, if the roadmap on the Devs website is anything to go by. I do recommend you go over there and take a look...it should tell you everything I haven't.I wait in anticipation for the next update, and the arrival of the Vikings...they're still on their way apparently. Until then, I'm happily building, farming and protecting my livestock from the predators. :}"
,Recommended,496460,32011181,Posted: 27 May,all,Catastrophology,"First of all, I also played banished.Second of all, this game IS different from banished. I don't remember going first person and shoot bears or wolves in banished. I don't even remember BEARS or WOLVES in banished. What else I don't remember not seeing in banished (vanila):Better detail than banishedControlling townfolks to workBakeryWindmillBee farmCastlesBearsWolvesFoxesTerraforming yourselfAnd many more I havent see yetBut what I do know, sure, there are ressemblance to banished, but so coke and pepsi, chevrolet and dodge. You could play both and enjoy there unique sides.People downvoting this game because its like banished would be the same people who downvoted stronghold because it looked like age of empire 2."
76561198002537147,Recommended,496460,25259270,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,PsykoKitty,"My first ever review, so be kind :DThis game is everything Banished should have been. And before anyone complains, i am a huge fan of Banished, i just think that this game is a step up from Banished.The graphics are beautiful. Buildings, people, wildlife, livestock all look great, very detailed.The game is easy to learn, but for complete beginners i think the tutorial needs a bit of work.I haven't come across any bugs or crashes yet, i've only been playing for 3 hours.The fact you can possess the body of a villager and take full control of them is great! You see through their eyes in first person view. You can take supplies to the warehouse, or kill a wolf that's eating your chickens!! Or just take a walk around the village you created.I like the fact that the weather has a huge impact on what crops you can grow, and how they grow. How the weather affects your villagers and their performance when doing their jobs.The fact that even when you make clothing for your villagers they actually change their clothing, so it alters the look of them.The game makes the micromanagement of your villagers important. How your villagers feel and act has an impact on your entire village and it's productivity.My only negative so far is the fact i can't use edge scrolling with the mouse. I hate using keys to move left or right in game. And the camera control needs calming down a little as it's super fast. But these are minor things that can be fixed as the game progresses.The fact is, this is a Banished style game with everything Banished didn't include. It's fully working in Early Access, and it looks stunning.Well worth getting if you like Banished, or if you're looking for a new city builder type game that isn't too easy or so simple it's built and finished in 5 minutes.For anyone worrying about specs, here's mine, and the game runs perfectly :)Win 7 64-bit.8Gb memory.Intel Core CPU i7-4700MQ @ 2.40GHzNvidia GeForce GTX 765M(i also have second card Intel HD Graphics 4600 that i ran it on by mistake and it worked fine with that too).Thanks for reading, hope you found this review helpful :)*EDIT (Aug, 31st) - Mouse edge scrolling has now been enabled in the game. And camera rotation is smooth and steady. Thanks devs! I'm very happy :P"
76561197998740055,Recommended,496460,28214556,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Spacemania,"Well this game is truly without mercyFirst off, I do want to start with that I certainly recomend this game for economy/strategy type players looking for a serious challenge. For those who are familiar with Banished, this game takes it into a new level of visual effects, improved terrain with terraforming tools, and more reasonable resourse elements. Honestly the game could have been called Banished 2 and it would make logic to me. I also imagine many others have felt similar connections between the two games (at least it looks like they were made by seperate companies).In any case, as I said the game is without mercy. You make one mistake big enough, you won't notice until 6-12 months game time has passed and unless your lucky or are somehow prepared, your village will go into colony colapse and your best bet is just to start all over again.Didn't manage to gather enough food for winter AND spring? Colony Collapse due to starvation.Forgot to harvest enough lumber for your woodchoppers, or fail to hire enough to produce it? Colony Collapse due to frostbiteDidn't build enough storage for your supplies and now you couldn't collect enough for the year? Collony Collapse due to stupidityFailed to produce clothing and tools fast enough for your colony before they begin to act like cavemen? Collony Collapse due to starvation/frostbite/stupidity via means of inefficency.Did poor city planning from the start? Guess what! Colony collapse by means of your civilians having to marathon al day to deliver one basket of wheat.Did everything right but OH LOOK AT THAT FIRE! Gues what? Colony collapse because your town caught on fire, your citizens didn't harvest enough food, all because the building that got lit up was exactly the structure farthest away from any given supply of water!Okay now you got food, clothing, fuel, tools, strong fire protection, and everything is running along al- OH WAIT LOOK A THAT YOU FORGOT TO BUILD ENOUGH HOUSING - COLLONY COLLAPSE BECAUSE YOUR POPULATION AGED OUT.Ugh, fine. Food, clothing, blah blah blah all set and goo- OH NO WAIT SOMEONE DIED AWAY FROM A PYRE AND YOUR CIVILIANS GOT THE  PLAUGE AND YOU HAVE NO HEALERS- COLLONY COLLAPSECOLONY COLLAPSECOLONY COLLAPSECOLONY COLLAPSE...All in all a good game."
,Not Recommended,496460,33496267,Posted: 12 July,all,Star-Demon,"Review Version: 1.0.6266, July 13th, 2017Despite many many hours played in this game, I have to write a review that ends with a tenative thumbs down until it sees a substantial update.Forest Village is a single player city building/survival management game in the Life Is Feudal series, which includes a MMORPG and a single player RPG in development. Population management and resource production are key in this game - influenced by mechanics that are sure to see more fine tuning but offer interesting necessities for conservation and control of growth.Forest Village's time scale is a bit odd - babies become children in a year, a teenager in the next, and an adult in the next. leaving the strange question over the real scale of time in the game and the occasional laugh at the wrongness of some combination of villagers expecting a baby. Winters are brutal times of no growth and cold, meaning you are preparing for the trials of winter all year, every year.It's addictively challenging at all times due to population growth, which is only controllable by being rather creatively cruel to your settlement, eliminating houses or allowing some to die off and preventing people from having children by reaching a self-imposed cap. Production of food is labor intensive in many ways, and investments in care often mean choosing who goes where and when - a good credit to the game's depth, but needs some work to iron out the weaknesses and brutal strategies required to control things.The game has much room to grow and mature but has many buildings that do not do anything but serve as placeholder for a future update. While small fixes and hot fixes have been published, it's been a while since the game added anything to fill the big gaps it left for itself. There needs to be more stronger differentiation between resources, more resources, more buildings, more things to upgrade with more mature growth and upgrade mechanics.For 25 bucks, the game has proven worth the money, but this doesn't change the fact that it's incomplete and contains placeholders. It needs to be completed and it deserves to be completed.I sincerely hope that the team produces a substantial update within 3 months of the release - doubts are strengthening and communication and transparency are very low. I hope this changes. I'll gladly flip this review to thumbs up once the game sees a subsantial mechanical or content update that completes what was put in it."
76561198060450513,Recommended,496460,25166561,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Sedeena/Evelyn,"So far I have nothing but positive things to say about this.  Lots of people will say it is a Banished copy, and in a way it is.  Except with tons of extra features in it and a clearly obvious graphical improvement.Pros:-Easy to get the hang of-User friendly interface and easy access information-Lots of variety for buildings-Terrain editing is simple and straightforward allowing for wide customization-First person view allows you to control, play, and act as one of your villagers including doing their jobs and tasks-Buildings are more than just a shell, having full interiors (rooms/stairs/etc)-Houses give bonuses aside from just shelter and give more perks the higher ""tier"" a house is-Houses can be upgraded instead of demolished to make room-Game runs very smoothly with little to no graphical glitches/lag-Map preview when generating a new world-Weather features feel very realistic-Music is fantastic, whoever that singer is, deserves a medal!-Storage fills up visually with items you place inside (No mystery boxes of goods)*I could keep goingCons:-**Edit** First hotfix fixed the issue with crashing for me.-Some villager actions have no sound (pounding on a house with a hammer, etc)-Would like to see some multiplayer or more in game combat actions-No access to higher res as of yet (Is stated in game that feature is coming soon)-Would like to see more variety in the music as it gets a little repetitive, give me more songs, they're great!Overall, so far I'm having a blast playing this game.  If I had to go off a straight choice of either Banished or Forest Village, I'd pick this game straight off as it has way more features, looks better, sounds better, and plays better.  The extra depth that the 1st person adds, is a nice unique feature that I think a lot of similar games could benefit from and the game still looks GREAT in 1st person rather than choppy crap like a lot of other games do close up.  I have been really excited to play this game, and am happy that the devs delivered.  Both involved companies have decent reputations and I look forward to future updates.  Thanks!10/10 for an early access and 9/10 if it was full release!*30+ hours now*  Everything above still holds imo. They have changed terraforming to x5 speed and I'm loving it.  After the area was cleared, I managed to level a mountain using one character, MUCH better.  I didn't feel there was an issue before but then again maybe I did too much terraforming in LiF:YO *smirk*.  Don't forget to take advantage of 1st person PoV if for no other reason than to buff your nearby villagers with a nice speed buff!  The dev's have also stated they are adding more buffs to 1st person PoV so stay tuned folks, let's hope they do something good!"
76561198043875309,Recommended,496460,32232803,Posted: 6 June,all,Remington_XL,"First off lets address the overwhelming number of people that have written their review and the only thing they have to say is this is a rip off of Banished.Banished was and still is a great title. It came out with a very basic building and growth premise and then it was turned over to modders.Life is Feudal: Forest Village improves on that foundation.  Visually it has improved ten fold, the townlife is vibrant, the foliage in beautiful. With the castle building aspect I hope they dev's continue to expand. I miss the days of building a buzzing town in titles such as Stronghold. If Forest Village continues and introduces an aspect of protecting that village that you haved hardened over countless brutal winters this title will be a winner for me.If you enjoyed Banished there is no reason to complain about the oppertunity to play a better looking, improved, and update title. I've felt that scaling my town is slower in Feudal compared to Banished.If you liked Banished, you will enjoy Forest Village. Looking forward to future updates."
,Recommended,496460,25197662,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,=^_^=,"Banished++More resources, a bit more to do, and potentially more to come since its under active dev. That said it is still under active dev and there are bugs, but they seem to be getting fixed at a decent clip.If you've played Banished and want an updated take on it this is it.Notable Differences:1. Controlling pop growth is a bit more important2. The game is slower - in a good way. You can't easily blitz out all of the buildings in just a couple years3. Trade is gone and replaced with an expedition system. If you want more seeds you have to invest a fair amount of resources into finding them. This also keeps the game a bit more dynamic longer.4. The AI isn't dramatically better, but the first person possession mode allows you to work around hitches by manually controlling your villagers when you need to finish something.5. Terrain manipulation6. Currently lacks (as far as I can tell) a town hall-like interface, so it can be hard to gauge how your food production and the like grow overtime relative to your population."
76561197995822286,Recommended,496460,34226152,Posted: 13 August,all,Travitar,"Was looking for a game similar to Banished and ran across this game.  I spent 2 hours reading the good and bad reviews and decided to buy it and make my own decision.  I'm not regretting my decision to buy it in the slightest.  If my opinion ever changes I'll update this post.Update: Well... I've played this for a fair number of hours now.  The game itself is fun but I'm very tempted to change this to a thumbs down.  When re-loading a save, there are often differences (dissapearing roads, buildings moving a square or two, etc..)  I also ran into my first save error on an automatic save.  Ruined that game.  I'm not quite ready to give it a thumbs down, but I am going to set the game aside till the next patch comes around.Update2: I can't stop playing it, bugs and all.  I've been emailing support with the bugs I find and save files that reproduce them.  Every time they've gotten back with me within a day and are clearly actively working to fix bugs.  Going to keep this a thumbs up because of that."
76561198141644457,Recommended,496460,28412430,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,RustyShackleford,"As you can see, I have played this game a lot. I've played Banished even more.A lot of the negative comments say ""all of my people die... its not balanced"" blah blah blahThese people just aren't very good at the game.I've had plenty of villages over 500 people with massive stockpiles of resources.I don't really care about first person mode. It's nice but not what I play for.Lag was an issue for high populations but it's gotten much betterMy advice: buy the game"
,Not Recommended,496460,31995812,Posted: 27 May,all,magic,"Here is my review and first impression of Life is Feudal: Forest Village, I've so far played about two hours and so far I must say the game looks very nice but it have some issues. The game locks up from time to time, screen turns gray or black. In windows 10 I have ""clicked through"" the game screen and activated things on my desktop a few times. The sad part of the game (which is a great game otherwise) is that game is a total ripoff of the Game Banished by Shining Rock Software that was released 2014. And with a total rip off I mean that the menues, icons type of buildings etc are all copies from the game. The only thing I can give the developer Mindillusion credit for is the graphics and that they have taken the game a few steps further with new type of buildings and the enhanced graphics.I loved the game Banished,a game I've over 50 hours playing, and I am sure I will love this game aswell, but If I was one of the developers of this game I would go stand in the corner and be very, very ashamed for what they have done.  Borrowing ideas from other games is ok, Railroad Tycoon was a great game, and Transport Tycoon borrowed the idea, but it was not a ripoff like this.I'm sad to say I paid for this game and rewarded the developers theft, it would be nice to hear what the developers have to say about this."
,Not Recommended,496460,25190244,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,IgnorantGravity,"Just a reminder, this is an early access game.So I've played a bit, and here's my thoughts:Pros:-Looks amazing-Runs smoothly-Feature richCons:-Terraforming can be tedious and can make the terrain look like crappy.  unless your near a beach or on plains, you're going to HAVE to terraform to place buildings.  It's a bit much.  I do believe terraforming should be in the game, but not as a necessity to build.  Historically, they'd build foundations up or use pilons to building flat on a slope.-Weird crashes for no reason occasionally.-Some building costs seem absurd.  First playthrough I had a rabies epidemic.  In order to fix it I had to build a healer.  It took me 3 years just to gather all the resources for a healers lodge.  If not rebalance the cost, make a cheaper less effective version for the early game.So, would I recommend the game?  For a full game, no, not yet.  As a game that's in early access?  Mostly, but not quite.  I'll write a new review later on as the game develops."
,Recommended,496460,26704267,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Jag648 ᕳ´• Ꮂ •`ᕲ,"Good game. I was able to bring my colony back from the brink with only 3 people. Although everyone is inbred now, I have a thriving village."
76561198007862196,Not Recommended,496460,32385878,Posted: 13 June,all,Torpa,"It's an ok game... it's really not polished tho - feels like an alpha game.- The game is pretty overall, it's a little too ""white"" at times.  Not sure why they did this...- Gameplay is dead slow, and i LOVE slow games...  but for some reason after playing a single map for 10 hours, you zoom out to see the masterpiece you have created, only to see you have built a whooping 10 buildings...- Although i like the 3D landscape, terraforming is completely♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game, and if you can't do it right, you shouldn't have done it in the first place...  Left 1 space for a path?  lol, try building either side of it on a slight hill... Building a large building on a hill?  get ready for your colonists to get trapped in the building during construction... Want to have a nice curve to your nicely flatterned out area?  prepare for random 1 square cliffs that are unpassable for colonists... Want to build a ladder up a sharp cliff?  *Poof* it disappears after being built... have a nice big city on a hill?  Get ready for pathing issues where your colonists go back and forth over and over again until they starve and die.- You shouldn't even advertise the ""first person mode"" as being a feature, just be honest and say it's purely there as a manual work around to a lot of problems.- Upgrading residentials is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥.. please fix this unnessesary stupid feature by just letting people live inside buildings that are being renovated instead of having them starve and die before it's finished upgrading...- Farmers are stupid.  They will start a new crop in autumn knowing full well it's not going to be ready before winter hits... Sure this is ok when you start out, but having to switch off farms manually when your town is big is just annoying.- this is just a wtf moment, but why the hell is the windmill the size of the Burj Khalifa?There's other things, but they've been said in other comments.  It's not a bad game, just could be a lot better like Banished/Settlers/etc.  Altho they deny it, i think the developers have just given up, released it, and they're praying to jesus that modders are enthusiastic enough to fix the game in steam workshop"
,Not Recommended,496460,32019482,Posted: 28 May,all,Veltrex666,"I bhought this game in early access. Loads of bugs and stuff that very often got fixed on a pretty tight schedule.Was very happy with the development so far and was enjoying the game bit by bit. I loved banished and this felt like a better improved version fo that.September 2016, the fell behind on their schedule and even though I didn't like it, I am a programmer myself so I know damn well that sometimes, real♥♥♥♥♥♥happens.Knowing that I didn't really worry about the state of the game, figuering they would just compensate with it another month. It was also more then half a year away from release so I didn't see a real big issue yet.Then the months went by and they didn't compensate, they even fell further behind. Which got me slightly worried. But still no biggy, since they can always release on a later date. I rather have a good game late, then a♥♥♥♥♥♥game on time. So even though I was slightly worried, nothing game breaking was happenign yet.But then, the developers choosen to destroy anything they had. Even though they were 4+ months BEHIND on schedule on their base game and they were falling behind more and more and more. They started working on workshop support and mod support. Even though I think that is a very good addition to the game, it is damn well ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to spent a single second on it if you are more then 4 months behind on schedule on your base game. This got me not just worried but slightly angry. Even though it was early access and sure, it is THEIR game therefore THEIR choice, it does show they havn't got a clue what they are doing.Who focusses on putting in massive amounts of code that might need to change a bit every patch because you can't just develop around it, while your base game is lacking and broken?I posted my worries back in januari but all the respons I got was that it would be fine.Posted my worries recently, a few days after the original release date in April, when they were still behind on their schedule for SEPTEMBER 2016. And I was told not to worry since they didn't want to bring out a broken game.They are, as of this moment, STILL behind on their september schedule. They are lacking content they promised us 9 months ago and for some reason... They released anyway.Since I first bhought it, there have been more and more bugs and glitches. More and more issues. I do not know WHY they released, but this game is NOT worth anything right now.I therefore STRONGLY recommend NOT to buy this game."
,Recommended,496460,32080057,Posted: 31 May,all,Peak!,"A blatant copy of Banished? More like an updated , more optimized , better version of Banished. Seriously what's with the downvotes?"
,Not Recommended,496460,34762705,Posted: 5 September,all,Moegopher,"I'm going to make it a point to revisit this review once the devs have released some more updates, but for the time being I can't recommend this game.Like many others I was drawn in to LiF:FV due to its similarities to Banished, which is one of my favorite games of all time. In many ways this game reflects what a Banished sequel could have looked like and the devs were obviously inspired by Banished to begin with. However despite all of its potential, this game falls flat for a number of reasons. The biggest of which is the fact that even though the game has left early access, it hardly resembles a finished product. There are buildings that serve no purpose, some game mechanics are clunky and need to be reworked, and even on my more or less up to date PC it suffers from harsh lagging when my village gets too big.Pros:-Relaxing, polished visuals-Very nice soundtrack-Lots to do early game and tons of options for how to tackle expansion-Challenging as hell, but rewarding when you manage to make it to the next year-Steam Workshop supportCons:-Limited, repetitive soundtrack (still sounds great however)-Lack of functional late game structures-Odd terrain that makes it difficult to gauge where you can and cannot build-Tricky terraforming tools, though this was slightly improved with the latest update-The first person mode is sort of pointless. The controls feel awkward and severely dated. I actually haven't even used this feature once in my last couple of villages-Substantial lag and performance declines when the village grows to a certain size-Villagers sometimes take dumb, unpredictable routes to get to their jobs, making it difficult to efficiently plan the village's layout-Late game expeditions yield little to no reward despite the immense time and resources that go into making them happenLike I said, I will update my review if any of this changes in future updates, but I want to stress that this is not a complete game. I cannot tell the difference between the game as it is now versus when it was in early access."
76561198209596019,Not Recommended,496460,34398821,Posted: 21 August,all,JewCareBear,"Very complex and addictive game, but SAME as many other people ... in my 7th year I get an ERROR SAVING. Also can't load saved games .. I will give it a thumbs up if the FIX the SAVE GAME ISSUE!!!! Everyone's talking about it but they don't seem to care ,,"
76561197993783476,Recommended,496460,32522954,Posted: 17 June,all,EchoStarter,"I like it, but doesn't feel finished yetThis game is like the game ""Banished"" with some minor differences in game mechanics as well as extra bells and whistles. I liked ""Banished"" a lot. And, I like this game quite a bit too.- Get starting villagers- Gather resources- Build up your village- Manage your villagers; keep them productive and alive- Maintain and sustain your village- *Create a castle- *Defend your city*features to be fully fleshed out laterUnfortunately, the game feels a little unfinished. It was very playable for me. However, there are features of the game that were added but do not do anything. As I understand it, those features that do not work were not originally part of the roadmap, but they started adding it last minute at fans' request.The weird thing is that these additional free features aren't finished being built out, but they're visible in-game. This weird slow roll-out of these unfinished features makes it feel like there are things in the game that don't work. And, so sometimes it can be annoying when the strategy you spent hours on doesn't work because it involved one of those features that don't work yet.So, I do recommend this game... But, during the writing of this review... I only recommend it if it's on sale. If Banished is cheaper, buy that game instead."
,Not Recommended,496460,31989672,Posted: 26 May,all,frgvn,This game is exactly like Banished. The added features do not add any additional substance to the game.
,Not Recommended,496460,25166338,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DaNewb,"***Updated Review after more time into the game****I still can not recommend this game AT THIS TIME for the CURRENT price point of $25 USD.  The gameplay is almost identical to banished.  If you enjoyed banished you will definetly like this game, and this game has a lot of potential and could surpass banished.  But i can not recommend a game that is currently far behind the game it is a copy and paste of until it is at least as good or better. CURRENTLY nothing differentiates this game from banished, as the addition features are literally nothing noteworthy or actually detrimental to the game.-Currently the population growth makes the game extremely slow and ""grindy"". Even on 10x speed(current maxium speed), it takes forever for the population to grow.  This makes everything from collecting resources, to just getting to a point to build your next house to expand your population a waiting game on max speed while you grind out the required needs.-The first person mode currently is nothing more then a throw away mode.  It allows you to clumsly move around in first person to view your buildings, or ""interact"" with objects if you can even truely call it that.(click mouse button to interact, thats it)-Terraforming is currently a diaster in my opinion.  It is extremely finicky and difficult to level out, raise and lower your terrain so its flat enough to build your buidlings where and how you want them.  The flatten tool does not simply flatten the land to the surrounding terrain, it instead levels your selection all to the same height excluding the edges which can leave single rows or blocks that you can't build on.-The current pace of the game is extremely slow...-Diseases seem to be an afterthought and currently just show an icon.  I have had two games dealing with diseases.  The first game i got rabies almost instantly, it spread to my entire adult population and over the course of two years did absolutely nothing to any of them other then show and icon.  The same thing happened in a different save game with a villager who got scurvy, it did not spread but it did nothing for 3 years.-I tried to allieviate the need to terraform by playing on a ""plains"" map but the map generator decides to play water scattered throughout all low areas.  You will have specks of water all over the map, tiny 1x1 or 1x3 or even 2x4 water tiles all over just creating a map with a ton of nuissances in the middle of flat land.-Overall the game is just unpolished, unbalanced, and frustrating with crashes due to autosaving and moving around or exploring the island.  The game is fun, i will continue to play and i will continue to enjoy it.  I look forward to see how the progress of this game shapes up but i still can not recommend it for this price in its current state.****Original reiview is below*******If you liked and enjoyed banished, you will like this game. I recommend you get this game, just not for the $25 in its current state.If you haven't played banished, my review is more for you and I recommend you get and play banished before this game. Banished is finished, cheaper, polished, and has many mods available all of which that I listed makes banished far superior at a cheaper price point.I must say I'm very dissapointed.  To all the people who have been argueing whether or not this is a banished remake or not, it is.  But sadly it is not nearly as good in its current state.  I have already experienced 3 random crashes, the game mechanics are almost identical to banished but not nearly as polished or finished.  The game tutorial is ok, it teaches you the very basics but if you have played banished everything is the same and should be easy, if not then it may be a lot harder to pick up on.  After a brief tutorial on the basics it says ""You can learn the rest from tooltips"".  This may be harder for newer players to get into the game. Now to the reasons why i recommend you don't purhcase this game for $25 dollars or your regional equivalent.***Disclaimer this game is in early access so i expected bugs and crashes***I am strongly recommonding against the purchase of the game at the current price point of $25 dollars.This is a direct quote off the store page,“We believe that our game is very close to a finished state""Well i have played it briefly and i can say it definitely is not.-The tailor shop is completely bugged.  I have the required flax and hides to build regular clothing and after i assign a worker, the worker recieves an icon above there head saying they are not assigned a job and the building icon turns into no worker icon.  I tried in two different saves both with the same result.  ***UPDATE- appears to be fixed***-All of your villagers are women, there are no males in the game but yet there is gender. Babies are just randomly ""born"". ***UPDATE- a small update went live shortly after release and now males are appearing***-One of the new features called ""terraforming"" which ""distinguishes"" this game from banished simply makes the placement of building more difficult and wonky.  You must now manualy level the terrain, including the time it takes workers to level it with a terraforming tool which is difficult to use and very unclear to what height you are making the new terrain.  I've used the flatten tool and it still made a raised platform.  In banished if you placed a buidling on a slight slope it just auto flattened as needed.  This ""new feature"" just seems to be a pain when talking in terms of building placement.-The game is extremely slow paced, and to survive you need to follow a pretty linear build order due to the very limited 6 people you start with which very painfully slowly increases as the babies turn into teenagers then into adults.-Upgrading a shack or house with a baby in it automatically kills the baby because it can not relocate.  This means you have to build a new building instead of upgrading a current one, or wait for the baby to age until you can upgrade your housing number/space.-Three random crashes in 2 hours of play to start my expereince ***UPDATE- appears to be with autosaving, so save manually***-The farmers work the field by working the field and watering the crops.  The try to maintain the water level to a certain percentage. Currently there is a lot of wasted work as the farmer brings water when its not needed because its raining, or they dig trenches to reduce the water only forcing them to need to go grab more water because it falls below the threshold.-overall so far the game seems very unpolished and defintely not close to finished-I'm not saying the game is bad, i will put time into it and probably enjoy it, but the ""nearly finished"" quote on the front page, the strong tone suggesting the game is not similiar or almost exactly like banished when it is near identical, and the $25 price point just makes me currently recommend against the purchase.  You can get the same experience, but better currently playing banished and for cheaper.  There is almost nothing different that changes the experience of this from banished, except a much slower pace to collect resources and get more villagers.***This is my opinion, feel free to agree or disagree, but again i do not recommend this game FOR THE CURRENT PRICE POINT of $25.  I will continue to play and update this review after more time into the game***"
,Not Recommended,496460,31989757,Posted: 26 May,all,BrodenPlays YT,"Why are people acting like this being just like Banished is NOT a bad thing? Do they not realize that this company COPIED the idea and design of Banished and didn't improve on it at all except for graphics? The few qualities that I like about this game (like terraforming) have been abandon and this game is unfinished on release. So, it's bad because of the practices this company has to release this and call it 'their' game. It's ridiculous and stupid. Is Banished a good game? Yes, so buy that and support the actual game devs.EDIT: I think people are misunderstanding the review, so I will explain it a little better. There are lots of games that have borrowed from other games of the same genre, that is definitely true. However, this is a completely different situation.When Banished was first released there was a ton of praise for one thing: Being Original. The fact that this game had such a different feel to it than other city builders, the UI, the way the world worked, everything about it was different made it feel fresh and unique. Ask anyone now who plays Forest Village and most people will say ""it's like Banished"".So, when one game comes out and is praised to be original, and the next comes out as something so similar to that original idea that it is constantly compared, it means that they took that original thing (that didn't exist before) and copied it. So, it is no doubt that Banished was the inspiration to this game, but they, as some would say, ""borrowed too heavily from the source material."""
76561197975735833,Recommended,496460,28453364,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,captainradish,"This game is VERY similar to Banished. This is not a bad thing, though, as Banished is no longer updating unfortunately. If you are, like me, interested in another game that falls into the extremely sparse category that is survival citybuilder, then Forest Village is right up your alley.It has some problems, of course. Mostly performance issues; my 6-core processor was getting the life squeezed out of it on the tutorial level, but I am confident that it will get better over time. Also, villager AI is a bit wonky at the moment. It also can be brutally hard, but any Banished players will see that as a plus.A lot of people will be saying at this point: ""why not just buy Banished?"" Well, there are several good reasons. As previously stated, this game is still being developed and is not abandoned. Secondly, there are already a fair number of things you can build that you cannot build in Banished such as woodwn and stone walls. Maps are more realistic and aren't full of meteor craters. Camera controls are considerably better and the engine is definately more modern. It already is considerably more complex (but not necessarily more complicated) than Banished. You can grow certain crops at the beginning of the game so you're not stuck with fish, venison, and whatever you can find growing wild. Lastly, there is not much of a learning curve for those of use who played Banished regularly. It seems clear that Forest Village was imagined from the start as the spiritual successor to Banished.If you liked Banished a lot you will like this game a lot. It's a bit buggy, it's a bit jerky, but it also can be infuriatingly difficult, which is what I personally was looking for."
76561198109363999,Not Recommended,496460,34621084,Posted: 30 August,all,=7Cav=SPC.Graves.K,"I really wish I could give this game a thumbs up, I really do. unfortunately there are some more than annoying bugs that consistantly remind you that the game is incomplete.The good:Immersive camera and villager Cameras and general feelDecent build systemExcellent GraphicsStraight forward UIOverall a good looking and good playing game (until the bugs...)Cons:Save game bug (constantly encounter this if you play for extended periods)Rage inducing levels of AI stupidity. Wont go into details but if you know, you know.I have played close to 40 hours the past week with this game hoping that just once I would be spared, and I would have a game free of save errors and the AI would behave themselves...but no. I was fully in love with this game but had to walk away from it for now. Fix these seeminly simple issues and this would be an overwhelminly positive review.TLDR; Dont buy till bugs fixed."
76561198099597292,Not Recommended,496460,32516819,Posted: 17 June,all,IvanSmitty,I was really exciting about picking up this game. I disregarded most of the negative reviews I read because I have generally found that some reviews are just looking for something to complain about and not at all being objective or realistic. To the credit of other reviews on this game the terra forming leaves quite a lot to be desired. The placement of building can be extremely finicky do to minor terrain features and trying to terraform the area can just become downright ridiculous. Annoying as it may be I have been able to work around it and fight off my OCD when it comes to building placement. I was very surprised at the amount of crashes I have experienced this far. A couple dozen in something around ten hours of gameplay. Most importantly the game really feels more like it is still in early access rather than being a fully fledged launch. I really have quite enjoying a lot of the game. I hope that support continues for the game and they make some significant quality of life improvements.
,Not Recommended,496460,34257568,Posted: 15 August,all,elhazout,"This is a fantastic idea for a game, but the current execution is questionable.Endgame is nonexistent, AI is broken (starving, freezing to death after you get bigger colony), autosave functionality not working properly, game randomly freezes or just crash, accountants house and castle is just a placeholder, statistics not working, whole game feels unfinished. Game devs don't talk with customers. Mods censor bad game reviews and forum topic.I do not recommend this game. Its a waste of time and money."
,Recommended,496460,25455921,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,bitman,"Would I recommend this game? That's very hard to say. There's promise, great graphics (compared to Banished) and some interesting ideas. But it's not complete - definitely Early Access, and if you are expecting a fully playable game this is not for you. Personally, I'll most likely put the game on the shelves for a few more months now that I've had a few hours of play time.Here's my general observations - others have said it, and I'll chime in too. This is a better graphical implementation of Banished. Same idea, same concept but things look better. That said, Banished as a game is a lot more complete and consistent. Time lines in Feudal doesn't work out at all. Things move very slowly, and the peeps are dumb as hell when it comes to movement and actions. Literatelly, you're forced to take over a peep to get something done in a year. Like getting a field built, a builder will go there, do a few ""builds"" that may not even increase the build score, and then go back to eat or pick up resources for his house or something. And then maybe come back later and it starts over. Walking to/from a location is strange too - peeps will walk into trees and rocks and slow down to a crawn and easily get stuck. There are definitely some challenges in the general world design. I've lost peeps because they ""build themselves into a corner"" and cannot move away.In Banished you need workshop items to change the landscape allowing you to build in more areas. A great feature with Feudal is that you have that as part of the standard game play - but man, it's slow and it takes a lot of practice to get things right. Just knowing how large to make an area to build on it is hard. And even small slopes and bumps in the landscape will prevent you from building on it. You would think that flatting out the ground for a building would just be a building build task, but no.AI wise I found that once I got to about 40 peeps things went down hill. Hunters would just stay at the hunting lodge, gathers would not pick up anything, fishers wouldn't fish (and the feature to see production stats isn't working). You really need a general stats page to identity areas where you need to focus peeps on, but with 42 peeps, I had 12 fishermen and still no fish accumulation what so ever. Most likely due to the fishermen spending more time gathering food for their houses than they do fishing.Storage is another game area that at this point needs work. I don't care that one barn is going full. I care that I have no barn capacity at all, so when I have more than one thing don't start warning me etc. and so far I haven't seen real good AI walks when there are choices for storage. It would be interesting to see if the closeth barn is full if that just means things are left to rot ... unfortunately at that point, the farmers and fishers just started spending less time working and production went down.Finally, a big different from banished is the build chains required. To just make high quality tools, you'll need mines, wood cutter, furnance and a kiln. Then you can get materials and put someone in your blacksmith position. To get there takes time, and there's no real help when you start out to understand these connections. You have to find boards/pages or just make a few games where you learn how these things relate, and then start a new one where you can set the proper strategy. It just feels very strange that you need 5-6 workers to just make a tool. Of course there are wooden tools which are a bit easier to make, but the game will say you're out of tools unless you have high quality tools. Part of the game challenge is finding the right optimal way to place and assign job positions - and compared to banished you sure have to move your peeps around to different professions all the time. You need way too many peeps that a small town can have people just do one thing.  This is why the game is slow - getting enough peeps to just have a mine is hours worth of game play - I've found I run out of stones and other ""found"" items much earlier than I have enough capacity to build a mine (you need a lot of materials to do that). So you start by sending peeps on long walks at winter, taking extra time to collect things - and that just adds to the game time. That makes the game at this stage a bit borring.The last item is the wild-life. That seems to still be a great work in progress. The hunters are supposed to keep a chicken-coup free from foxes but since they're more re-occupied ""at home"" good luck with that strategy. Instead, the offical guide says to take over a peep and have them kill the fox. But that means you have to constantly watch your life stock and _hope_ a peep is close enough to do something (you cannot run your peep when you have control of them).All in all, I find it promising. Definitely a huge graphical improvement over Banished. But it lacks lots of features that Banished has, and your growth options are very slow. At this point I haven't seen ""immigration"" options, which in Banished allows you to jump up in population i sprints as long as you have enough resources to cope. I miss the trade posts, ""mood"" options like the churches and just being able to see real stats on a peep. You cannot see how hungry or cold they are. Just if they have enough clothes on. Again - Early Access so I don't expect it to be there yet. There's promise here, but I think Feudal should also be careful not just duplicate Banished. Even with better graphics, it seems Banish has a much better game engine and AI. And I for one will gladly overlook the cruder grpahics for better game play."
76561197988186202,Not Recommended,496460,33903460,Posted: 30 July,all,moucester,"The game is very much like another game, and while at the beggining the game seems to be more interesting than it, you'll quickly realise that the AI in this game is much much worse. I have 20k of food - yet my people are starving, the full store is only 20 ingame blocks away from the one they are trying to get food from.The game gets tedious when you try to fight the AI just for the people to stay alive. Buy the other game instead."
76561198127572407,Recommended,496460,35035505,Posted: 17 September,all,Artful Dodger,"I have been eyeing this game for the best part of a year. Should I - or shouldn't I? So many negative reviews !   Bought it over the weekend and love it.Don't pay too much attention to the negative comments. The game has been updated and most of the previous bugs have been sorted out. The much complained about 'savegame bug' for one. Having spent hundreds of hours on Banished, this is very much the same game, only prettier. This is a lot more challenging, especially if you play without mods.  On that note, there are lots of great mods to make the game fun. Some are cheats, but honestly, who cares - it allows for you to play it whichever way you want and have a heap of fun. Im so happy I decided to finally buy this.TIP: Make sure you always have 2 spare labourers. After year 2 you will need to have a supply of tools and warm clothes.  Now, only the occasional idiot will starve or freeze to death."
,Recommended,496460,32041135,Posted: 29 May,all,Podrock,"Great game. I know everyone is saying 'Banished clone' but honestly its more like Banished 2.0. Its got a much different experience that I would argue is more realisitc. Also better graphics etc. I see a bright future with this game if the Dev team continues to add things like ai pve raids, multiplayer, etc."
,Recommended,496460,25272617,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Charrie,"I really like this game! I also love banished, although i find both the games extremely similar (i really wish the UI was more different than banished) i feel its still a good game.I have a village of about 64 villagers and its going well!Pros:Very fun and similar to banishedEasy to understandgood graphics and camera movementsfirst person (although i rarely play as that, might be fun for others)general fun city builderCons:it can be slow to start and age up villagers.. actually just a generally slow gameplay, slow to build buildings, can be quite teidiousbuildings can be quite expensive to build at first, all my villagers got rabies and took years to get a hospitalCrashes quite a bit but hopefully that will be fixedI hope they improve the game, id like foodstuffs to be listed as seperate items not just 'fruits' or 'vegatables' Id like more animals, and for the villagers to look after them better (all my animals were starving but the heardsman kept gathering water for them instead of food!?)I realllly hope they bring the workshop to this game as with banished it made it alot more fun"
76561198079885934,Not Recommended,496460,29438074,Posted: 22 January,all,GameKitten,"As for now, I can not recommend this game. The balance is so out of whack. The villagers will only use a barn right next door to get food, when that runs out they will starve with a barn full of food that sits directly beside the first barn. The constant eatting and gathering food for the homes ruins the production chains. Also most production chains are very slow and offer very little in resources.  The terra forming is a bit whacked as well. As of now Banished is still the better game even with its hoarding issues.Balance is the whole problem in this game. Graphics are nice and shows potiental but so far I have not seen any fixes to major balance problems (oh and the villagers will eat every few minutes, stock, eat again)."
76561198099397136,Not Recommended,496460,31985229,Posted: 26 May,all,kyle_karnes,Its upgraded graphics... but it is Banished.
76561198031032818,Not Recommended,496460,34303419,Posted: 17 August,all,ez1,"Broken. Broken. Broken.  And a pace as exciting as watching paint dry.LIF was beautiful but barely playable before, but the latest ""major"" patch made it even worse and even mucked with the aesthetics -- the one thing unreservedly good about the game -- adding new atmospherics so hazy and murky you can't even see your settlement.Nothing works, balance is nonexistant. Everything's seriously out of whack. For example, trees grow so fast you can't see your village after ten minutes of gameplay, and resource gatherers take forever to harvest them, or any other resource for that matter, making the game pace absolutely glacial, even running at 10x game speed -- the only speed that's bearable.There is NO responsiveness to the workers; managing tasks is like trying to turn the Titanic. If you need firewood for winter, start chopping in spring, because even with 1/4 of your population chopping wood you'll still lose several peeps to hypothermia.What to think of a game that goes retrograde, where the devs are actually making it worse, not better?Stay away, you've been warned.______________________________________________Update:After playing this game intensely for a few days, things are not as negative as I painted them at the outset but I would still recommend avoiding the game for the time being.Forget all the difficulty and struggle; there is a near-exploit that will ensure you never have any real challenge in the game, and that is to build a field to start and have 4 farmers growing potatoes. The first harvest will be phenomenal and you'll never face the dreaded starvation meltdown if you manage things right. So much for this being such a difficult game.But again, this shows serious balance issues: four farmers right off the bat shouldn't overpower the game, and farm (and orchard) yields should be seriously nerfed. On the other side, fishing and particularly gathering (currently less than worthless) should get a hefty boost; this rebalancing would make the game an actual challenge.With taters just rolling in and filling your warehouses to bursting, the problems of glacial pacing and slow workers are now rather unimportant and the game becomes a leisurely town builder, as you add more sophisticated production chains and optimize your settlement's layout. Problem here is that once you reach about ten years -- the time when the settlment starts to mature and you can think of building ports and bakeries -- the game becomes buggy and saves are corrupted and soon enough you have a fatal CTD. So save early and save often; you'll need it.All that said, my review is still negative, mostly because of the fatal flaws of bad code as well as the above-mentioned balance issues, particularly with fields and  those pesky trees, which grow like kudzu and should yield more and grow slower because as it is now they are simply ridiculous."
76561197985616071,Not Recommended,496460,34348877,Posted: 19 August,all,MacMarkov,"I am going to play ""Banished"".  After a few patches will come back here. And please developer,  in wintertime send the bears to sleep."
76561198166993055,Not Recommended,496460,32421961,Posted: 14 June,all,FAEMAKER,Very much like Banished.   I mean you cannot seem to build a fence except by placing one panel at a time - its crazy.  Resource gathering is hit and miss and hard to keep in balance.  Does not seem to be well thought out past the first part of city development.  Needs more starting conditions.  Needs more complexity in the resources and trading.  I should be able to pick my settlement starting location on the land mass.  Should be able to zoom out further to plot growth of settlement.  It just feels under developed and rushed.  Better graphics than Banished but not nearly as well developed as Banished.
,Not Recommended,496460,33283183,Posted: 5 July,all,Combat Wombat,"Bought this game recently as I really wanted to give it a go. Sadly, while it does look gorgeous, some of the systems are riculously bad. There's a general lack of ""all-round"" information. Maybe it's visible later on, but I'd like to know what the median numbers for health and happiness are, for example.The AI in games built by a single person is smarter than the one here. People starve with a barn full of food, because their house isn't upgraded yet (i.e. why not have them eat at the barn?)If you plan on getting it, take into consideration that this is nothing more than a pretty facade as of now. This should NOT have been released yet as some of the systems are not ready."
76561198039405808,Not Recommended,496460,25202465,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MTJ,"If you have the game 'Banished' you probably should not get this (at current state)It's almost a carbon copy of Banished.It needs a lot of new features to warrant the price and ... well, existence.It is surely enjoyable, but as I wrote, in essence it is same as Banished."
76561198020614452,Not Recommended,496460,35023192,Posted: 17 September,all,Garp02,"Life is Feudal: Forest Village is not a finished game. After 12 to 15 years in game a ""Save file Error occurs"" and you can proceed no further and save your progress. After a little investigation, it turns out that Mindillusion (the developers) have know about this Error for a substantial amout of time.Updates have happend but no fix for the ""Save file Error"".As you can imagine getting to year 12 to 15 takes longer than the 2 hour trial period that Steam offers. Zero refund!EDIT:After some reasearch it appears long individual gaming sessions appear to play a role in this ""Save file Error"".Some people who play shorter gaming sessions dont have this issue, and if you do get this error then logging out of the game and logging back in can casue the issue to disappear, and so you can play on. Good news, but for now im keeping my review a thumbs down."
76561198007221810,Recommended,496460,29668548,Posted: 3 February,all,Tormunda,"I have 100% achieves on Banished and although this is in many ways, the same game with a reskin; It has the potential to be a Banished 2.0Update as I close on 90 hours.This is far better than Banished and I loved Banished.It just takes some time to see how good this is - once you get over 100 population you start to see the depth as your population grows and the complexity starts.Very good.10/10 And it is still Early Access! - Sweet."
76561198052666138,Recommended,496460,32022139,Posted: 28 May,all,bezbus,"I loved Banished, but often what I wished it had while playing, Forest Village provided, and more. With Banished I wanted a much closer camera view, but with Forest Village I get more than that. And the graphics is much better. Now with the official release, I am hoping to see mods much like Banished has, especially with more building and decor variety. Where the critics are coming from I don't understand, I can only conclude they already had some bias attitude to begin with. Well can't please everyone, fortunately there are more games being made like this with their own unique gameplay that is sure to satisfy. To the creators thank for a great game.  And to those who insist on adding battle gameplay, there are many more games that offer that then this kind which is my frustration. This game is great the way it is."
,Not Recommended,496460,34370860,Posted: 20 August,all,Violent Pigeon Molester,"I don't usually write reviews, but after my experience if i can help anybody it's worth itThe game itself is decent, it's like banished but far more immersive.Personally controlling a settler is good, the survival is challenging and fun and it has a semi decent number  of buildings, nothing close to colonial charter on banished. From a gameplay point it's good BUTDON'T BUY THE GAME YET. Once you reach year 10 the game DOES NOT save your game, even in vanilla it brings up an error message making it unplayable.Maybe in the future this will be fixed and i'll reupdate this review. It's a shame as it shows great promise."
,Recommended,496460,33881116,Posted: 29 July,all,Wieldor,"Here is a list of all the things that you can (and will) get wrong.- Growing the wrong crop then forgetting to harvest it during fall causing your village to starve.- Thinking that wood and firewood are the same thing making your villagers die of hypothermia when they have enough materials to litteraly build a forest.- Forgetting to switch your villagers jobs making people run out into the wilderness during winter to go cut trees or plant crops.- Not knowing where the speed buttons are after the update causing you to play for the first hour at 1x instead of 10x.- Leaving the game unpaused on 10xwhen your trying to solve a crisis.- Ragequitting the game while its unpaused causing all your villagers to die and all your autosaves to be useless.- Thinking that Spring means warm weather when you live in Michigan.- Thinking you're good becuse you made it to year 10.- Looking at screenshots and saying, ""I can do that.""10/10 would die in winter again."
,Recommended,496460,25562631,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,AlwaysSunnyLLC,"This game is complex, calculating, and difficult. Although you will go through many hurdles, the end result, is highly rewarding. If you can beat Banished in the hardest difficulty, think twice about beating this game that easily. This game will keep you thinking constantly throughout, and there is no point in time when you feel absolutely secure in one or more of your resources, because there is always a scarcity of something. Food acquisition is the biggest hurdle at start, but it becomes less of a problem later on. Expect alot of terraforming, which requires time and laborers. You will need to calculate mentally how much time it takes your people to do one thing to the next, where building placements and distance from one building to another can either result in food on their table or mass starvation. You will deal with various elements, including, but not limited to, hypothermia, avitaminosis, and plague. In order to succeed early in the game, you will need to frequently move around people in their profession. Depending on the season, time, temperature, and needs, you will be expected to assign your people to work for a season or two, and then reassign to another profession, repeating this back and forth. Early into the game, there are very little sit back and relax moments because you will have to tackle many issues and execute your plan, but late into the game, you will be able to have more sit back and relax moments, enjoying the sun fall down on your town while you sip on some lemon iced tea after a hard days of macromanagement and micromanagement, and with the beautiful graphics this game comes in, it proves that postcard images can come from games like Life is Feudal: Forest Village. To alleviate some of the stress from failing, I would suggest you read some of the guides in the guide section of the community hub. I highly recommend this game.*There are bugs and occasional crashes, but the dev and his team are highly involved and active in eliminating them. They are adding additional contents at a gradual pace."
,Not Recommended,496460,32326680,Posted: 10 June,all,FalconerHG,"AVOID, AVOID, AVOID47.2 hours worth of play time. I've been around the block.There is much to like but one very important aspect brings Forest Village to its knees.There is basically no way to manage storing goods. Everything goes to the closest storage location. That would not be a huge problem (just annoying). It becomes a problem when your villagers will only look at the closests storage for their needs.A barn with food 3 tiles away from an empty barn will be ignored.The same is true for bakers requiring flour.There is no way (get this) to stop a barn to accept new goods.You cannot transport goods between storage locations.When you dismantle a storage location, it will take 10 workers a full game year to move goods to another location.I am sorry but this is city building 101.You'll have some fun until you hit this point. Then you will feel ripped off."
,Not Recommended,496460,32618540,Posted: 21 June,all,SimonTheSorcerer,"This should be Early Access for this price. For this price:-not enough content-too similar too Banished (don't buy it if you have Banished already)-not polished enough (placing walls piece by piece, starting location fixed, camera zooming, hides piling up in barn etc...)"
76561198004678281,Not Recommended,496460,32000459,Posted: 27 May,all,Candy Corpse,"It's a complete copy of ""Banished"".Granted it has been improved in many aspects but the main problem that banished had persists (since all mechanics have been copy & pasted):No variety.There is one way to play the game, stray from it and you will fail sooner or later. One order in which buildings must be build...Once you get that right, the game is a matter of rinse and repeat.Sadly even this ""polished"" version of banished has still way to few different buildings =/"
76561198066879973,Not Recommended,496460,26537144,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Marco Schepper,"Edit june 2017: Well, forget it completely. Some cosmetic changes, people still get stuck, half finished game is released, halleluja!The devs making silly comments about people comparing this game to Banished. ""They got inspired by Banished"", ""they went a complete other way"", ""Banished is abandoned""...Well, as this is my final review - I consider THIS game abandoned as none of the promised features were added during the last months, and knowing the lazy bums of LiF they never will be added - let me add some comparisions to Banished:- Banished isn't abandoned, the project is considered finished. Yes, my dear LiF-devs, some people are able to finish their projects, unlike you. Banished is a pretty stable game, capable of handling the MegaMod (a 2GB mod-monster consisting of almost 200 mods put together) - I don't dare to add any mod to FV as it isn't even able to handle itself. Read the forums about problems with basic features like saving the game. That's the LiF-dev-team and they are proud of this.- Inspired? Many people thought you bought a license from the Banished-dev as almost everything is similar except for the 1st person view. But you are right, it isn't the same: You released a half working crap while Banished is fully working.- And that's the ""different way"" Forest Village took, the 1st person option being the only thing different to Banished. Oh yes, there are still a lot of fine differences, like:In FV:* Terraforming is still a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥* Children still die if you upgrade their home* There is no logic in food consumption - appearantly babies eat the same amount as adults* You need donkey transportation as the devs can't handle more than 1 barn* You build an expedition to get random stuff of about 1/30 of the possibilities the river traders of Banished have* People still get stuck* If you want to overwrite a savegame you have to chose a different name as FV isn't able to overwrite the old fileVerdict: Never again a game from these people!Original post:</Irony on>Many people compare LiF: F*** Village with Banished. They are wrong. The Banished AI works, this one doesn't. I had a fisherman starving at work - which is a joke already ;) - 10 units away from a Barn with food, 16 units away from his house - which had food, too.And read the patch notes: in most of them the devs fix people getting stuck - on trees, stones, between houses... wherever. Guess how often people got stuck during the last hour? 8 times. Yes, it was a new game, yes, my game updates automatically and got the last ""patches"".Instead of adding something new (yes, we got donkeys - tell me the names of the devs and give me the possibility to rename the donkeys :P)  we get pumpkin-decorations, crows and a scarecrow. Halleluja!Do all of us a favour and push the modding possibility and a steam workshop ahead of anything else, so more talented people than you can save the game!</Irony off>After all, the game really isn't bad. Lack of content is the worst thing actually, I hope the devs don't fall in a lethargy crisis again like they did with their LiF MMO - which still doesn't exist. LiF - Your own isn't really better in that matter. Hopefully they don't start other projects while leaving this one halfway done as they seem to love it that way.If LiF-YO, LiF-MMO and this game gets abandoned - as usual with these devs - it gets clear that they only collect early access money without finishing anything. And than, my dev friends, you really can f*ck off! How about finishing one game before starting the next one? For a change?--> I don't recommend the game in its actual state. Get Banished with the Megamod, that tends to work as expected and never needed dozens of patches concerning a problem that never got fixed in reality. You don't get first view in Banished, which actually is the only plus this game has.- Update: Patch 0.9.5854: Started a new game as usual after a patch. Nobody got stuck during the first year (yay!), first one starved in the barn near 1600 something fishes (not homeless or something, but maybe stuck again). While I know it isn't healthy to eat only fishes, it surely isn't a cause of death in 1st winter :D Strange thing is, I rarely had this problem before - never during the first years by now. But I keep trying, promised.For me it looks like the game is getting worse with every patch. I'll try a complete reinstall to be sure (deleting on Steam + deleting every related folder). Never had such problems with LiF:YO patches so I assume the guys know how to patch and something else goes badly wrong.- New install, new game: 1st people stuck in Late Spring - Year 1. Not between anything I built, but between warehouse and barn - the warehouse not being the same level as the barn. People going near the lower level warehouse pass, people near the barn get stuck. Seriously, guys... if there were more than 1 thumb down I'ld give more than one. Waiting for the next patch before the next try..."
76561198057468694,Recommended,496460,25652550,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Daisii,"With only 44 hours in... I have to say ...""I LOVE IT""Early access, so some bugs and changes I'd like to see..but, overall concept is great!  Similar to Banished, but not quite.  Crashes are some times a problem and need to make sure you ""save"" games just in case.Not satisfied with the map seeds, too much terraforming needed for my taste.  Wish there was a bit more choices in seeds for food each start...even random.  Would like to see some type of herding to tame or catch animals to raise instead of only being mandated to build a port to find animals and seeds.  Nice touch if they added a few real decor items..not just fences...blah blah blah....but in the end I am having a blast trying to keep these needy villagers alive and fed.Most important to me, is that I see regular updates and DEV involment on forums.  Even with my ""wish list"", I have had hours and hours of fun...give it a try."
76561198048584298,Recommended,496460,26729591,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Tannaidhe,"I am quite enjoying the game.  It's quite a lot like Banished, as others have mentioned, but the ability to 'possess' one of your people and speed a task along is very satisfying, and helps reduce the frustration of 'stupid' villagers.  There are a few things it is lacking - particularly diagonal roads and a livestock variety that provides leather - but all in all a very enjoyable game."
76561198046260726,Recommended,496460,32105603,Posted: 1 June,all,Matshishkapeu,"The devs say themselves they were heavily inspired by banished, and I have no problem with that. I've played both games and this is the one I prefer.It's challenging and relaxing at the same timeI'm really looking forwards to mods."
,Recommended,496460,32028534,Posted: 28 May,all,Trundle The Great,"""I PLAYED THE GAME FOR 30 MINUTES AND ITS BAD CAUSE BANISHED.""Let's dig a little deeper and actually talk about Forest Village for a minute.Based on May 26th release:It doesn't feel like a $25 game.It feels like a $15 game.The game is out of early access but Banished + CC mod brings more content and end game scenarios.So why have I been playing this for the last 3 days straight....?--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This game is fairly well balanced, the grind is slower and realistic, it's just hard enough to keep me challenged and interested in expanding my city. The immersive graphics/ambiance reminds of my early days of Skyrim.I'm at ~150 people in my city, It's been going for about 12 hours now, I still haven't built 60% of the buildings in the game, I still only dream of sitting in my castle. That's 12 hours of gameplay! 12 hours in Banished and you should have like 800 people running around and access to every resource in the game.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------But is there lots to do in the game? I don't want to beat the game in 5 hours!- You aren't getting many late game buildings in the first 5 hours.- The grind is slow, you need to build up man-power and have a massive stack of resources to build anything.- Life is feudal devs want you to work hard for your resources, look at their MMO its just one huge grind!- When a building recommends using 5 builders, give it the 5 builders or you will be waiting a very long time for it to complete. This isn't like Banished where 3 people can assemble an entire city.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Grind grind grind, is it even worth it? Who wants to wait 5 hours and not have anything to show for it!?- That's just for the end game resources like iron/quality tools or late game buildings like castles and accountants house.- Building better houses and expanding food production/population production is easily accessible in the early game- Getting over the initial 'not enough hands to work the jobs I need' was a lot of fun and didn't take very long.- You get punished with slow expansion if you try to expand too quickly without enough workers. If the game is too slow for you, play on x5 speed and focus on getting more people.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So the core gameplay is good, the resources seem balanced, the graphics are immersive and the Ai/Pathing is better and smarter than it was in Banished?- Yes- Warehouse/Barn placement is very important in this game- Spread out your resource/food production around the town. If half your town makes all the food, the other half has to walk to that side just to eat everyday. It will damage your towns production!- ""My Ai keeps dying when I have tons of food, why?"" - read the above points.- ""My buildings produce nothing!"" - Workers run too far to get food/resurces, too far to get home, and have no time to do their job, organize your city so people have access to the goods they need!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Then why does it feel like a $15 game?One big reason, lots of little reasons.- no Ai enemies, not even the wildlife will attack you (they will attack your chickens)- castles are cool but again, whats the point of building a giant castle if nothing will raid you- there is no way in the early game to check building statistics like seasonal production rates.- buildings get hit by lightning way too often, its made of wood and hay what the heck is the lightning attracted to? (its really easy to put out fires and a building can burn for up to 5 minutes before getting destroyed)- a tornado hit my town and ran over my apiary and a house but didn't even damage them, yo its made of wood and hay that should've decimated my town.- Discovering new animals/crops is through the Port and and the Journey feature where you have to send fisherman away on a boat. Great idea but why do I need to make 3 different pies for them to eat just to start the journey? You really think 9 fisherman want to eat old stale fish pies when they could just you know...eat fresh fish they catch in the ocean?- The rate trees are planted is a little too slow, the regrowth rate is fine, but the 'seeding' part of the game is a little broken, the only way I can get my foresters to replant trees is turning off cutting and waiting literally 10-15 minutes. I cycle my foresters so the north side of town is seeding and the south is cutting and I swap that back and forth.- why is there no currency or bank?- The Ai first person stuff is a nice touch but its very basic and basically just a walking simulator but it reminds me of the old days of those roller coster tycoon games where you get to play as the people on the ride.- the fog is too much you cant see far at all when winter rolls around and snow starts to fall- camera should zoom out more its hard to get a view of your entire town- the bloom setting is absurd, the sand and snow is so bright its like staring into 1000 suns.- needs more time for community mods to hit the steam workshop.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Can't you just download some mods off the steam workshop to fix like 80% of those issues?- Steam Workshop just released, we need to wait for more mods to get created.- Banished was a decent game in the vanilla, but an awesome game with the community made mods--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Banished drops to $5 for a reason, its abandonded, dated, broken ai, tons of bugs, and relies entirely on the modding community which is dying off too. It's a legendary game but lets support the new version that has an actual dev team and  planned upates."
76561198099216460,Recommended,496460,28447927,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Newbiticus,"I held off buying this because of all the negative reviews. People claim this game doesn't work, has low frame rate at x10 speed, poor balancing, poor AI etc etc. Those people are all dead wrong. This game is fantastic."
76561198041692463,Recommended,496460,25195322,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Stevo,"There are some kinks to work around. The terraformiring is a bit tedious(I would suggest foundations or pilons) Building costs are a bit extreme, faster aging with less food consumption. I have many babies and kids, but they consume so much food and they can't work at the same time.However, The graphipcs are good, the gameplay is great. I tis fun to restart the village over and over to re-do a bit faster what you leant before. The music is nice, could add some more though. I love the way they build. The terrains are pretty and are great in first person! The devs seem quite proud of this game so I think we can expect big things from this.Good work!"
,Not Recommended,496460,29797446,Posted: 9 February,all,James 🂡,"While I do love this game, with fun gameplay and great visuals, development seems to have slowed down to a snail’s pace with no real changes being made in the past few months. that, along with the game coming to a crazy long constant stutter when the game is sped up to max at random times; mostly when the seasons change with a decent sized village.along with constant stuttering when roads are being built or placed.this game needs a few more months in full development and possibly an extensive expansion on its core gameplay systems as the game can reach a point of stagnation rather quickly as opposed to its competitors.I can’t recommend this game in its current form. Give it a few months."
,Recommended,496460,28076230,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,lexxingt0n,"If you like Banished - or other tough city builders that rely on functional production lines - this is for you. Life is Feudal: Forest Village provides a surprisingly different feeling of immersion into the game, mostly due to grafics and map size and the constantly regrowing flora.Like Banished, this game has no depth to it yet; you can build everything from day one given you farmed the materials for it. There is no science tree, just surviving.Unfortunately, for now, the bigger your village grows the laggier it gets. I'm not usually one to experience lag anywhere, so this is somewhat frustrating. Especially building roads seems to stagger the game noticably.I do however recommend this game wholeheartedly: all the right ideas are there and performance problems should easily be fixed by the developers."
76561198046488815,Not Recommended,496460,34318786,Posted: 17 August,all,HeidiGrrrl,"Made it about 11 years and had a population of only 12, then the game kept freezing to the point it's unplayable. I have zero mods from the workshop, and have been playing vanilla. No reason for the game to keep freezing. Sure would be fun to try to actually get everything built in the village, but considering it only runs for about a minute and a half before freezing at this point, it's obviously not gonna happen.Maybe I'll change my rating later if the developers fix these bugs."
76561198095323819,Recommended,496460,25270638,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ddoge,"Good foundation for a game with a lot of potential.  Graphics are very good.  Some complain that it is too much like Banished, but I do not agree.Pros- challenging to master- fun to play- good music and graphics- some new and unique concepts for old Banished players, and familiar items too- engaged dev team- at $25 very inexpensive in my opinionCons- occasional crashes- balancing neededThe gameplay seems solid to me, but I haven't made it to the end game yet. I think we have a winner if they resove the crashing issues and support modding as promised."
,Recommended,496460,33833880,Posted: 27 July,all,Joxxxx,"I wanted to write this comment to counter a bit all the negative reviews concerning the copy of Banished.Banished is a great game and I played a lot of it since the start a long time ago, and while Forest village has similarities in the UI, I cannot say that they copied all from Banished. The UI was great, so why not inspire yourself of it ? I don't see why someone should always reinvent the wheel when it already works well. If not, everything is a copy of everything (iOS, Android, Windows, etc.).Now concerning the game. It has a huge potential ! I already spent hours on it, and the amazing graphics, buildings and landscapes really do add immersion and fun.I didn't encounter serious bugs. Only one when choosing another crop when it has already begun doesn't update it.So, although I really like this game, there are still things I'd like to see. There are not so many buildings and after a point in the game, you have everything, the challenge is gone and the only thing remaining is expansion.This is although counterbalanced by amazing mods out there, like one that adds a lot of content (new recipes, new advanced production chains, new seeds, etc.). With this mod, the game is a lot more fun and ""realistic"".As we see in the game, there are still many buildings that cannot be built yet, so I suppose it's not developped yet, but planned. I'm also very eager to see the viking invasions like they promised to do.So all in all, it's pretty similar to Banished, without being a copy of it and with specific new things in it, and awesome graphics !"
76561198018820613,Recommended,496460,32127853,Posted: 2 June,all,Vadacious,"Overall Impression: great value for your money... If you enjoyed 1602 A.D. back in the day, you'll probably love this game.  The survival aspect of the game isn't the traditional ""wake up on an island by yourself, figure out how to survive"", it's instead tied to RTS-style mechanics, something I found particularly refreshing.PROs:- extremely relaxing atmosphere (great soundtrack that compliments the gameplay smoothly)- deep economy management system that, while difficult, is extremely rewarding once you get it right (I promise it's possible to survive!)- graphics, while not AAA-worthy, are nonetheless above average and the aura of the weather and day/night cycle makes for some very nice opportunities for screenshots.CONs:- pretty unforgiving, with a steep learning curve.  There is a tutorial to get your feet wet, but it'll take some trial and error to figure out the key challenge in the game: pacing growth of your settlement (balancing population growth with demands for food, warmth, health, happiness, etc. took me about 4-5 playthroughs to get right)- tech tree isn't very clear and you'll find yourself building things just to figure out what they're used for and resources you'll need in order to make stuff.Other Thoughts:- if you're like me, you probably want to know the most efficient way to use your villagers.  Good luck.  The opportunities for micromanagement offer an additional layer of depth to the game that is subtle enough to not bother those who prefer macromanagement yet rewarding enough to encourage experimentation.- Development team appears to be responsive and are actively working updates.- Best $25 I've spent in months."
76561198007065359,Not Recommended,496460,33179268,Posted: 3 July,all,Zinkjodid,"Well after a lot of time, i'll have to warn you people and here's why:I absolutely enjoyed the game, it is addicting and if you're into games like banished you're gonna love this game.BUTAfter a couple of hours you realize that the developers just changed their game from 'early access' to 'release' without any changes to the game at all.There are many features that are simply not in the game at that moment, that includes VIKING RAIDS and TECHNOLOGIES, two very important and anticipated features. So you can build palisades and a castle and towers, but none of them have any use to your village.Then there is the problem with the maps. All of them are quite the same 'blob', although the game suggest via text that there should be islands and lakes and different climates, there are none of the above.Last but not least, there is simply no need for half the buildings, Gatherer, Hunter and Fisherman can supply your village with food and the lumberjack with firewood. All other productionchains, for example for clothes, tools and other food, like crops, bread and beer, are quite useless, since the game is so poorly balanced. In the end, like many here told before me, it doesn't really matter on what chains you focus, because valar morghulis and stuff.So the PRO's are: Well...the idea and that as mentioned above is quite addicting. Also they enabled the workshop so that many balanceissues are fixed by the community.CON's: It is still pretty much an early access.I therefore cannot recommend the game at this state, maybe if the developers continue their work and add all the features that has been promised or suggested, but at this moment it is a ♥♥♥♥ing lie, that Forest Village is not early access anymore."
,Recommended,496460,25831088,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,LordRick,This game is constantly compared to Banished because it IS like Banished.  It is also like Anno 1701 and Settlers.  But it has it's own unique gameplay and is just as fun as all the other city builders I play.I have over 160 hours playing banished and I will get at least that playing Life is Fuedal.It is shaping up to be a good game and is on the last leg of being finalized.If you liked Banished then you will definitely like this game!
76561198046969160,Recommended,496460,25171977,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Tohubohu,"Please note: playtime is inaccurate, at time of post I have already put in a few hours offline.PROS:-- Beautiful Graphics-- Runs smoothly for an Early Access game-- The First Person View is a really neat concept. It's fun to see your village from the perspective of a villager.-- Pretty easy to pick up and learn to play-- The amount of features that this game already has available in Early Access is definitely adequate enough for hours of play.-- I've not experienced any of the crashes that the other reviewers have been experiencing as of yet but I've not sat down and played it for more than a couple hours at once. These crashes are still a possible issue.CONS:-- Not much diversity in island types. Once youve seen one island there is really not much variance with the others.-- It can use some balancing in build costs. Some of the buildings are just too hefty in resources to make constructing them when you need them possible.-- Terraforming is a little buggy at the moment so expanding your village out can be quite a task trying to get the land all flattened out.-- Villagers are slow as all get out. It makes walking in first person mode a little tedious and frustrating. If you plan on using a villager to go out and explore the island in first person be prepared for the long journey at a sloth-like pace.-- There are some little bugs such as+ Bears/wolves getting stuck in houses and villagers not even minding that there is a giant bear in their house.+ Woman villagers are self-reproducing. They don't need no man.+ Sometimes orders placed for villagers to carry out won't go through.--My last Con ismore of just a note again that it is an Early Access game so there is a lot of missing details such as very little difference in the villager models. Again, the islands look very similar to each other. Not too many building types (still a good amount for an EA game).Thoughts:If you really enjoy city management and like supporting devs with their projects then totally go for it. This game really takes me back to a game I used to play called, ""Anno 1503"", it is also similar to Banished, a tad more forgiving though and much more aesthetically beautiful. I really enjoy playing it an hour here and an hour when I have time to sit down and play. I'd love to see some more building types, disasters, and possibly in the distant future more role playing features when controlling individual villagers and other islands to colonize and set up trade routes with. I would just love to see more done for that first person view point because for me it is quite a unique, interesting, and entertaining twist in the city management genre."
76561198001684848,Recommended,496460,25173095,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Danotasi,Great game. Its basically Banished with more control over your village.It does crash a lot but hopefully it will smooth out during EA period.
76561198005404224,Recommended,496460,26199622,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Phalnax811,"Yes.Still unbalanced, illogical in spots and incomplete but I'm enjoying it.  First person is fun and I can't wait until they make that mode less clunky and more fun.  The trailer shows a person in battle armor so hopefully some form of combat will be added. Doesn't have to be massive battles but gathering up a force, going on a boat and raiding an AI village for supplies would be a blast.Pros:+Medieval f*** yeah+Good graphics even with a small download+Food supply chains are fun to get going+First person mode is a blast though picking/dropping/waiting for an animal's leather to spawn takes way too long+Terraforming+Sense of desperation to survive come your 1st winter...+Harder than BanishedCons:-Building requirements are obnoxious for some buildings-Gatherer's Hut and Herbalist's Hut are redundant. Make them 1 and have the option to turn off gathering either. That is one way to improve over Banished.-No meat from bears, wolves, foxes.-People die from the cold despite having clothes and firewood in the barns.-Takes too long for someone to heal from a disease (rabies)-Not enough starting options (on road map to add more though)-Plains map is still too hilly.-Fish should not run out unless in an inland lake.-Grass in the forest (for Hay) should grow back."
,Recommended,496460,25285489,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Velsuvis,"Amazing game, with amazing potential.As it is early access, it is an unfinished product, so my review is based on it's current status:It is one game that gives depth as well as a little more personability with gameplay considering the ability to go into first-person view with any of your villagers.Crashes a lot, even for my machine, and has many annoying bugs... but well worth the time.As of right now, can't expand my base of operations, as AI path-finding gets obscured between different storage areas... seems to favor the most recent built rather than the one in nearest proximity. *Might be worth-while to add a feature that allows/enables the player to direct what villagers take their supplies to what specific storage area.Additional bug as of this date: Can't build buildings it seems from too far... AI refuses to be assigned, even with priority, and multiple tries to assign AI villagers...other feature request: Would be useful to allow player-controlled villager to pick resources from Barn/shed and direct that villager to desired place, if there is an issue with AI path-finding to desired area."
76561198044538083,Recommended,496460,31604412,Posted: 7 May,all,Kakashi_03,"Pros:- Allows you to take control of a character and see the world in their perspective (always wanted this from Banished)- Amazing graphics- Resource management is challenging and makes growing your cities more rewarding- Rapid forest and land-based wildlife population regrowth- Lets you see the age segregation- Citizen death management is diverse --either cremation or underground crypt (both of which removes the need for huge land plots for cemeteries)- The game has a fixed working age so you won't have to do child labor in the early stages of the game and you have an allocated age range for putting the children through school.- Weather system and how it is presented in-game is impressiveCons:- Terraforming tool needs a tweak----> When you try to terraform in mid day during winter the highlighting feature of the tool can't be seen very well.- The game needs a market place where citizens within range can take resources (food, clothing, fuel, etc).- Institutional/Industrial buildings need to be able to show their range of influence even after they are built- Some institutional buildings need to be added--such as a Town Hall where you can view city statistics (like Banished)Potentially localized issues with my computer:- For some odd reason I can't seem to put the game in full screen mode without having graphics glitches (like screen flickering)--although in windowed mode everything looks great and no glitches (would prefer to also have this in full screen though)."
76561198007284124,Recommended,496460,31876620,Posted: 20 May,all,ESKEHL,"Banished 2.0 ??If you like Banished, this is the game for you definitely! It has most features Banished has but with better graphics, effects etc. The production is more realistic given that this game has more production buildings and more steps to gaining specific food, tools etc. Some things could have been better done, while some things are a clearly better and more realistic than in Banished.However the one thing that clearly differentiates the game from Banished is that trading with the outside world has been left out of the game. This helps up Banished in mid-late game by creating more purpose for getting a bigger stockpile. Today Forest Village is pretty much exactly like Banished, with it`s optimization problem with more detailed buildings, but without the economics system that the trading post represented, and therefore offered Banished some depth.What to improveGiven that Banished is pretty much the same as forest village, but without trade, and that the Banished developer links to Forest Village, I would presume that someone copying his work straight off, is not something he objects to but rather welcome. Therefore I would say that it shouldn`t be any problem to copy some more of the ideas Banished. For example, the Trading Post and it`s function should be ported to Forest Village, perhaps having a two tier system where the player builds a trading post that is cheaper, and then have the ability to build a port which can take in larger ships. Perhaps even retain the ship-building so you yourself can send away expeditions with supplies to trade away? Trading is essential in Banished because you gain things which helpes you in the long run. What I liked with Banished was that you started with just some crops, and to get others you would have to trade in seeds to get them.Another thing is the food system. I love it! It`s way more complex and more realistic than in Banished. However I have a bit of trouble really accepting how the different crops are divided up into different catagories. Cattle could eat more than oats, they could live on grains aswell. This would make it more dynamic and realistic. I had one playthrough where all my cattle died because of lack of oats, while I had a whole barn full of grains. And even though I haven`t reached that far, I guess that there isn`t much difference growing corn than growing wheat, because it becomes grain. I would like to see more differatiation between grains. Perhaps different calory counts for different types which also could reflect different calory count in the pies? That would have been an awesome feature. Plus if you only start with a limited sorts of plants to grow, this would give incentives for iniatating trade to reach higher calory counts across the board.Another thing I missed from Banished is the Church and graveyards. I know that this is still there with a crypt instead, but seriously it was more interesting trying to come up with a graveyard because it took up space. That is also a reality of living in a medival society where everyone was to get a proper burial.Last thing; take ""Life is Feudal"" out of the title and just call it forest village and do something more with the logotype. I know all these changes I proposed sounds tricky, but I think that would beef up the game to become a Village sim as legendary and as everlasting as Banished!To sum things upIf you like Banished, you will likely not be disappointed! It`s is almost as addictive as it`s older brother and I do really recommend it to those who plays Banished. But this game would be even more recommended if trading replaced expeditions and more focus was turned to getting the farming and food system even more realistic. I know Banished didn`t even go so far as trying to recreate a proper food system, but instead focusing more on farming and I can respect them for not doing the food system fully. But Forest Village has taken on the challenge of doing a proper food system, and I think in it`s current state it leaves you wanting a bit more realism."
76561198031462738,Recommended,496460,25165508,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,The Wide Stone,"This game is much like Banished, but it looks better. It's 3-D, as you can see in the trailer, and it plays just like Banished. I love the music, the graphics are good, especially for the first version in early access, and I just like the game overall.9/10, just to leave some room for the dev to improve upon. ;-)"
76561198068853097,Recommended,496460,25363637,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Bambi,"If you love banished then youll love this game. Its everything banished could have been if they had decided to make it more upto date with current technology.Its still in development so there are bugs but they seem to be updating on a regular basis (Hopefully they keep it up!)Pros :I love being able to go into first person as a villager and go about doing things! Great idea.Its more challenging than banished was, you really have to think were you put your villagers.The developers seem to listen to the people making comments on the game which is nice for once!Cons :Tereforming is a big thing in this game which can be super frustrating.DONT DECONSTRUCT HOUSES WITH CHILDREN IN THEM, the children will die!It would be nice if stones, ores and straw regenerated over time like the trees."
76561198013673275,Not Recommended,496460,25357038,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Katmandude,"I can't recommend this game as is. It's basically Banished, but way less stable and with slightly prettier graphics. The UI is exactly the same, gameplay is exactly the same (aside from the first person thing which is pretty contentless at the moment and too slow), and there's less content (this is mostly because of the existence of mods for Banished, but anyway...). They need to make this far more unique with significant gameplay and UI changes. Otherwise I'm just going to play Banished."
76561198002636796,Recommended,496460,25235728,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,UK-Pinky ®™,"LiF: Forest Village V Banished (Answered)So So many people are comparing this to a game called Banished (and rightly so they are both in the same catogory of games.) This however is everything Banished should of been but wasnt. So why is this better ? Well the first major thing is the AI - while still ropey in places - they are no where near the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ level of Banished (no villager will walk out into the middle of the map then freeze to death...). The buildings look better and more authentic. Resourses and comsumption of them actually matters as weather actually has effect on crops, growth and happines of villagers. Speaking of which - the villageres them selfs have a proper needs system in stead of a calculated prediction like banished. Each person has a Clothing/ Tool/ And happines bar as well as visual representations an example of this is the cloths you make actually visually change your villagers appearance.If that wasnt enough. The gathering of materials is a constant struggle - really adding end game hardships. In banished after you got past a certain point it was VERY easy to manage as materials would be come so abundant ( i had a 1000 pop city in banished that laster over 100 years). In this game when winter hits, you feel it, food consumption is increased, as well as the consumption of wood. Villagers work less crops die (and unlike banished even gathering huts and herbs stop growing) so stockpiling resources and planning for winters ahead is essential.If that wasnt enough of a difference well here is some other reasons why this is better:- In its curent state its more indepth than and complete than Banished and is early acess - that means only more content to come- First person View (while not fully incorpetrated yet) offers some amazing view of the towns you create (as well as you actually being able to help out and construct in that view)- There is an indepth crafting system for chain buildings ( some even requiring as many as 4 different materials to produce matrials, for instance - Fish Pie.... To make Fish pie You first need a field that gows wheat - the wheat is then ground up in a mill and the flour is then taken to a bakery, at this point th baker will need to get Fish from the Fishing huy and water from the well ect) This is alot more in depth than Banished system as well as more fleshed out.All in all this is VERY promising poduct and havent had this much fun since the original Settleres Series. In its current state it is worth the price tag as it already has more content than Banished."
76561197999561839,Recommended,496460,25169541,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,2L82W8,"If you liked Banished, very early indications are this could be even better.One tip: If you are having severe lag on an NVidea card, open the ""Nvidea control panel"", add this game to the list, and change the card from ""integrated"" to your dedicated Nvidea card. Huge improvement for me.It is early access, and so I expect there to be bugs and optimizations needed. EA is great if you don't mind taking a risk, and suporting games you would like to see succeed."
76561198384117777,Recommended,496460,32847277,Posted: 27 June,all,Paul's Wifey,"Amazing game. Just what I was looking for. I can't stop playing the blasted thing. I am a big Age of Empires fan and used to love building my village up and always got cross if it got trashed by an opponent, lol. Life is Feudal: Forest Village lets me build my village to my hearts content. Yay. My first attempt I eventually abandoned as I spread my village out across the map a little too much... people were dying of starvation and hypothermia on their way home from work, hahahaha. My current attempt is much better laid out and it is really satisfying to play. There are a few bugs that need ironing out, like the fact that animals can poke their heads through solid ojjects, which has made me jump a few times but doesn't really spoil game play too much.The slow pace takes some getting used to if you lke faster games. I have to resist the urge to fast-forward time and instead relax and enjoy the slow, beautiful action of village life. The detail is amazing and the seasons stunning. It is so realistic, I even feel bad each time I kill an animal. Poor things.The tutorial is very basic. You learn as you go along and have to think things through, which is actually really good. Let's face it - real life doesn't come with a handbook :-)Highly recommended. I love it."
,Recommended,496460,30351534,Posted: 5 March,all,SecretSkwurl,I bought this game the day before yesterday and I've already played 23 hours. I can't stop.
,Not Recommended,496460,32370354,Posted: 12 June,all,karsten.frohwein,Basically an interesting city builder with a feudal tone. Still completly unbalanced and has a long way to go from the current beta state. Imho the release was by far too rushed. I hope I didn't waste money and that they fix the game. Mods shouldn't be the solution to all those problems.
76561198007002372,Not Recommended,496460,34730319,Posted: 4 September,all,Rygem,"Pros:- Graphics and performace are good- Building upgrading is great- Overall feel and atmosphere is goodCons:- A bit too similar to Banished. Feels kind of checkboxy.- Map generation is  shallow.- Pacing is too slow.- Housing interiors don't make sense. Why do houses have no doors. Why are the windows glowing with light when there is no light inside the house.I would get Banished instead. If you are someone who has played Banished and wants something new you won't really find it here. It is a good filler though, as the mechanics present are not bad at all."
76561198228969868,Recommended,496460,26094981,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,bnb_home1,"After playing for almost 40 hours and by no means do i claim any expertise in this game , I have found this game very enjoyable, its depth , resources, buildng, planing , managing  it all. add things like weather, day night cycle,, first person mode. I strongly  reccomend  this game for those that enjoy a good and deep city builder type title ."
76561198001371181,Not Recommended,496460,32173484,Posted: 4 June,all,Knarkworst,"In current state, i can not recommend this game.The game looks alot like banished but with better graphics.This game has a very sour aftertaste. It misses sooooo much potential.For Example:Just like in banished, you can discover new seeds for your crops. When you discovered a new seed it will be added as option to your farming-field. But it does not matter what kind off seed it is. It will be labeled as ''Vegatables or Fruits''You cant see the difference ... and sure the AI settlers doesnt see the difference either. So why would you want to discover new seeds/lifestock? It doesnt make any sense....and then... there are the bugs... To many to call.There not small bugs. They really bother.For exmaple:I made 4 lifestock fields... 2 of them where on higher ground. The builder isnt able to get out of the field anymore because the enterence of the field is to high. The builder dies... (thats ok i guess)But... you cant demolish the field either, because the enterence is on higher ground. So now you got 2 fields in the middle of your F%6*cking village that you cant demolish because the game doesnt allow you to.Would i recommend such a game that should be in finished state?.... NO absolutely not!"
76561197972039165,Not Recommended,496460,28678683,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Penny Lee,"Very stupid that 9 fishermen and hunters CANNOT support just 14 people in all with enough food to live without them all dieing, the game just lets them eat to much, they spend more time eating and carrying food back to the homes than doing any work.  This setup is just plain wrong with this and the length of time it takes to get eggs and apples just makes it silly,  The ratio to food producers to other folks is so low it breaks the game.  So many times I have had over 1k stored food and 6 hunters, 3 fishermen with a total popullation of 14 that after so little time they all starve to death or get ill.  Love the idea and graphics but the games logic is messed up to much to play."
,Recommended,496460,31101056,Posted: 12 April,all,✪ W ê § † ™ ツ,"One of my favorite games to play is Banished. My second favorite game to play has been LiF: Your own.I found this gem of a game today and my mind = BLOWN! They put Banished + LiF and made a game out of it. CRAZY!So far this game has such a huge potential that I'm an stoked! I can't stop playing it.To be fair, it is a little bit harder than Banished, but the graphics are awesome and was well worth the money. I expect no less from the creators if LiF franchise.Good job guys!If you are in the market for an RTS, City Builder, with eco-system. Especially those who enjoyed Banished, then get this game you won't be disappointed. The download size is also small, not like it's a major download for anyone!"
76561198006801913,Not Recommended,496460,32768249,Posted: 25 June,all,chris45215,"The game is clearly unfinished and not ready for release.I would suggest this game if you enjoy Banished, as this feels like a 2nd version of it with some necessary improvements. However, this game is clearly unfinished. For example, the ""ultimate"" building for your village is a castle Keep, which should provide upgrades you can research. However, there are no upgrades to research. Another top building is the accountant's house, which should show village statistics. Again, this building does not have any properties whatsoever, and is entirely useless. The bakeries also need a massive rebalance to make them useful, and harvesting needs major tweeks because it's impossible for any field to be fully harvested in time unless a barn is placed in literally the nearest location possible.Until the game is finished, it can't be recomended."
,Recommended,496460,25249130,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ivobrowny,"Gameplay is relaxed. You control a village of a handful of villagers and try to make sure they survive, making them get building materials, build huts, gather food and resources. Growth is very slow, though, as your people need to reproduce and grow, and hypothermia or other influence could end their lives prematurely. Unlike in The Settlers, however, you don't have any competition, so it's not warfare focussed.However, in my case the game kept crashing, sometimes just 10minutes after having started the game. When it did, all the autosaves from that session disappeared (what the purpose of autosaving then?) and also, the intervals of autosaves can't be configured. I just removed the game now and will try after re-installing it - I might apply for refund if it still does not work. However, gameplay-wise the game is fine; just needs some more polish of some sorts, for example configurable intervals and keybindings.(I am using an iMac with Bootcamp)"
,Recommended,496460,25179913,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MENTRA,*Early Access Game*Its the perfect game you can imagine.*PROS*Nice Animations.Nice Houses & environment.Easy to learn & and easy controllers.Nice Weathers but.Loving Medival*CONS*Landscape forming toolweather can be a little to muchits nice idea of forming land before you can build on it but the forming tool is so buggy and hard to use because of what you can and can't form.Thats all i know at this moment of 1.4hours gameplay
76561198030947163,Recommended,496460,28280280,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,D34DLY,"LiF:FV is fun to play and quite polished for an 'Alpha'.  Definitely worth the price, if you are into city building and management strategy games.  If you liked playing Tropico 4, you will like playing this game.The graphics are very nice and immersive.Taking control of an individual villager is very useful and more than just a gimmick.The terraforming of the landscape is useful and fun, and allows for a lot of creative village layouts.  It takes the game into the third dimension, rather than just being on a 2D grid.I eagerly await future developments in this game as it has a lot of additional potential.  I hope this becomes a franchise with further content after release."
76561198053954100,Recommended,496460,25287040,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,NoBull,"Awsome game, if you liked banished then you will like this one although the menu and the way it plays is almost identical to banished. cant wait to see what this game will be farther down the road and with mods!One big downside for me though is that there is a serious lack of sound effects. such as building sounds, chopping wood sounds, etc.... the only one ive heard was of mining but even the sound was off from the actual action.....hope the sounds get fixed."
,Recommended,496460,30738281,Posted: 25 March,all,derekheinzman,"I like the game but food production is a huge issue. Farming, fishing and gathering seem to be the strongest followed by hunting, herding (chickens, cows & pigs) and then baking. Bakeries are practically useless due to the amount of time it takes to produce bread, the actual amount it produces and the villagers terrible work ethic. Food will be low and the bakers won't even come to work, rather dicking around the town playing grab♥♥♥♥♥with each other."
76561198052776236,Recommended,496460,30268660,Posted: 1 March,all,Silent Death,"Very good game. If you thought Banished was too easy this game is for you. if you thought it was hard but want a bigger challenge... this game is for you! its basically the same game, Only major difference is its MUCH harder, and less forgiving for mistakes, even minor ones. If your looking for a challenging village simulator, This game IS for you! i have failed several times, however once you understand the controlls and the mechanics and how to start properly. You WILL Succeed! Dont be afraid of failing at first. i was used to a game called banished, i thought it would be just like it. WRONG! its much MUCH harder.I have had a lot of fun trying to play and i finally have a village that lasted more then 4 years (current record for me is 7 years)im now in my 5th village and going strong! if you do get the game, Know this. Its ADDICTING!If you have any tips for new players or pros alike, feel free to post them in the comments below!Great gamming to you all!"
,Recommended,496460,31493215,Posted: 1 May,all,Hiigara#1356,"Relaxing and rewarding. The game's difficulty stems entirely from resource management, causing it to naturally scale as your village's population increases. In this way it reminds me somewhat of Tilted Mill Entertainment's [Children of the Nile]. I'm eager to see what the final product will look like."
76561198051390101,Recommended,496460,25320853,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Eshwald,"Like i wanted Banished to be!If you like simulations which need time to unfold, which revard good planing and punish the opposite, this one's for you. There is a suggestion plattform in which the community votes for new stuff to add to the game (really like this one). Although it's early access you can already play hours and hours, of course there are bugs and balancing issues, but the Dev's are very responsive and update frequently.I really enjoy the game and recommend it :)"
76561197996610838,Recommended,496460,26607718,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Quesa,"This is micromanagement on another level.  I'm not talking about taking control of an individual sim, which is little more than a gimmick and doesn't really fit nor belong in the game.If you like micromanagement, then this game might be for you.  For me, it's a bit much.  There are some things that just should be automated.  For instance, if you don't designate a sim as a farmer, he/she should do the next job that needs doing without me being required to designate that job to him.  Specifying specific jobs for a certain number of sims should be done when you want to ensure priority of work, not that the work will never get done.In this game, the population is your true enemy.  There isn't a way to stop or slow down your birth rate, which causes the majority of the issues.  For instance, the larger house you build, the more efficient your sims are at just about everything, right down the chance of birth, which again, is your enemy.  To make this issue even more annoying, if you upgrade a house to fit more sims, that house is not usable by your sims, so they are now homeless until the construction is complete or there is free space in another house ... except that due to the rapid birth rate is not likely to happen unless you just finished another house build ... which is an issue because of the rapid birth rate and explosion of your population.  If they are left homeless for too long, they will die, meaning you lose productive members of your populace but still have babies and children to feed (but are not yet productive) which just leads to a major case of colony colapse disorder.  In the end, I feel this is a balance issue and hope they adjust this in some way.It's really not that bad of a game, just be prepared for a level of micromanagement that you're not accustomed to in a top down city building sim."
,Recommended,496460,25214325,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,smokauweeds,"Pretty good so far.Its EA so of course needs some bug fixes, content, and bug fixes.Yes its like Banished. not sure why people are getting so mad about this. its looking like an updated version.I like the teraforming(needs some speed tweaks).Im not to sure im going to use the villager first person controls all to much. (but nice feature)Not much else to say. Only time will tell if this feels complete(as banished never really did...unless you use CC)*EDIT*Ok, a few hours in. so some pros and consPro:1. when you place a structure to be built. the resources that are targeted for removal are added to the structures requirments. (unlike banished which had the townfolk walk the removed resources to storage then back the structure being built. thus saving time)2. has some nice things integrated. house upgrades. fps control.3.terraforming4.its like banished! so jumping right into gameplay is easy....but dont be fooled.Cons:1. early bugs2. Terraforming and roads3. (placeholder)...not to mention it looks great! and the music, just listen and all your troubles will go away.Da didad da da da da di da da"
,Recommended,496460,33675659,Posted: 20 July,all,Janky,"Its a fun game. Very calming just to sit down and play this game. It could use more content like: more foods, buildings, more  disasters, diseases, a way to remove water from ponds, and much MUCH more. There is so much room for improvement and I hope the devs add more in future updates. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes city builders, colonial times, and things alike. It is very similiar to Banished, which may turn some people away from this game.  Overall I rate this game a 8/10."
,Recommended,496460,30036827,Posted: 19 February,all,soothe,"nice gameplay with good atmosphere and graphic.but, can you guys add kid character? it strange a boy 5 years old with mature body. please add another body to make the different."
76561198048990765,Recommended,496460,25209581,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,roastedmusic,In my first 4 hours of play I have come up with the following...This game is not a clone of banished it is banished all the way down to the menus.  Now that isnt a bad thing.  They have improved in a few areas.  It is a good looking game and I have enjoyed playing.  But it is still buggy.Developers:Need:Turn off weather.  This game looks awesome... when I can see it.  Make the seasons look different with snow etc. just nothing to block the view of play.  This is the thing I hated most about Banished.edge scroll. WADS is fine but an edge scroll would be nice.stronger grid when gathering or terriforming. hard to see the grid.a warp speed button that jumps a year ahead would be good.  It kind of sucks to be on fast mode and just set and watch the game play itself.auto terriforming for buildings.  I love the terriforming feature but it is way out of control to have to be so finite.  A builder should be responsible to auto terriform if possible.  Leave the tool for fine tuning.Game still crashing after patch.  should be able to set timer for auto save.I dont mean to sound harsh.  I have to repeat I think the game is cool it just needs some minor tweeks that I am sure are already being worked on.  Keep the patches coming.a little pricey in current state but you have to make money to continue to work on the game and I think it will be worth it in the long run.
76561198018412716,Recommended,496460,32021215,Posted: 28 May,all,TermX,Banished with a bit more!
,Recommended,496460,25204744,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Aidylheid,"I love games like this. I've been watching this one since before it went to Greenlight. I was worried that it would be just like Banished and while it is similar, it definitely has more of a Role Play aspect to it. I run it at Speed 1 mostly and then possess a useless little kid and turn him/her into an animal slaying beast. Half the food we used through the winter came from me wandering around picking plants and killing animals. In Banished your people do everything which gets boring fast.This game is everything I expected content-wise and it is still Early Access. If I can get at least 1 hour of gameplay for every $5 I spend, then I consider it worth the purchase. It does need a few tweaks here and there and it did crash once, but that is expected with EA games.I can't wait until we can mod it!"
76561198298596727,Recommended,496460,25286324,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,аутист LOLYOU1337 BETS.gg,This game is good i like it the developers shud add workshop!
76561198160263914,Recommended,496460,25570208,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,wukun417,"Very challenging game!!! harder than what I thought, lol. Absolutely playable and worth xD"
,Not Recommended,496460,28436818,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,bocmpukob,This is ridiculous.  99% identical to Banished.  Same UI.  Same mechanics.  Even the soundtrack is similar to a degree.  This is really embarrassing and the developers should be ashamed for stealing the work to such nearly parallel a degree as this.  Even the button placements in the UI and the actual UI windows themselves are in the exact same spots as they are in Banished.I don't get it.  Requested a refund.  Pass.  I already have this game under its original title.
76561198095327371,Not Recommended,496460,34747385,Posted: 4 September,all,sirsolitude,"Well then, my first review.. After having many an issue with starvation and hypothermia I did my research as to how to overcome these issues. The last attempt I even went into first person view and hand delivered the firewood to individual houses but still had 3 laborers die of hypothermia without even a warning that they were suffering. Until these issues can be solved I will not be playing this game anymore and will not recommend it either. I can understand a challenge but this is ridiculous and quite frustrating. Even though it is an obvious clone of Banished, it is a good game, but until my people can walk around without randomly dying from unseen forces and starving with food in the house, it seems unplayable.."
,Recommended,496460,32878352,Posted: 27 June,all,Badger,"Quality world building game. Obviously very similar to Banished as many have already said, but unlike that game the devs of Forest Village can be arsed to update the game with patches and new content on a regular basis.It was also only a 400mb download (??!!?!?!!) Good stuff."
,Not Recommended,496460,25920437,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,HonorKnees,"Guys, I'd recommend waiting a while longer before buying this game. While it has potential for a great city builder, the mechanics are severely broken. You get to a ceretain point and then your civs just start dying off.Have stock of firewood and clothes >> civs die of hypothermiaFood is consumed so quickly you essentially need 80% of your population on food duty.This game has a very long way to go. At this point, Im done with it because I spent 12 hours only to have my population diminished to 2 people due to starvation and hypothermia."
76561198005582955,Recommended,496460,32189528,Posted: 4 June,all,purplepoodle,"I picked this up on a whim because I loved Banished and this sounded like a competent upgrade for today's hardware. So far I'm totally happy with my purchase for a number of reasons not the least of wich is continued development, mods, graphics, and just the general feel of the game.It's not forgiving... I like that. But as a suggestion to the devs, maybe give a little more guidance on surviving winter in the tutorial. Having only one optimal build path to get enough supplies in time is not so fun to learn by trial and error. Farming, firewood how to craft clothing is fire even needed? I just read a guide but that's totally immersion breaking abd I just would like to see a better tutorial implemented.Still really enjoying the game and feel it was worth the price. I'd say insta-buy when it's on sale and full price if you're into this sort of game."
76561198012821328,Recommended,496460,33997489,Posted: 3 August,all,The Unfettered,"I rather like it. If you like Banished, you'll probably enjoy this. It's not exactly Banished, but it feels very familiar if you're coming from there. I've heard some AI complaints and haven't played long enough to experience any of these for myself, but I also hear the majority are fixed by various workshop mods.Specifically, if you're like me in that you enjoy simply building towns for its own sake, watching them develop, and admiring your handiwork, this is a great game for that. The seasons are lovely, the weather effects are solid, and the ability to go down and actually control any of your villagers and walk around your own village or pitch in on the work... These things all make for a nice, relaxing city building experience.Of course there's the rare natural disaster, the threat of malnutrition and sickness, and all those accursed bears who want to eat your honey. But apart from that, very relaxing."
,Recommended,496460,25255424,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Elmo,"Not a bad game, Fun to play and makes you think what you need to do next to keep your village alive.Only bad point is that the game atm keeps closing down/ Crashing, I know its an Early access game and i'm sure this will be fixed. Looking forward to updates and more content.."
,Recommended,496460,25267934,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,BrutalBa5,"GOOD AND BAD!!""Pretty good. Fun enough to play, when it's not crashing. Which it does, a lot.""That's what most reviews said.I bought it anyway.They were right.It looks lovely, great fun to watch my villagers running about, doing their jobs. Sound is pretty good, not fantastic, but that's mostly the annoying music, which I simply turned way down. Gameplay is reasonably accessible, even without doing the tutorial, which caused multiple crashes, it doesn't take too long to figure stuff out.BUT THE CRASHING.....THE CONSTANT CRASHING.....which sometimes requires my computer to be reset, btwAlmost unplayable because of this.Can't play more than about 15-20 minutes, sometimes WAY less, before it craps its pants.Aside from that.....Assuming this gets fixed soon, I'd highly reccomend this game. Until then though.... I'd suggest waiting."
76561198006527469,Recommended,496460,31592759,Posted: 6 May,all,hbepstein,"This is not a bad game.  However, it is a clone of banished.  For this reason I refunded it.  Banished itself is a pretty neat little game.  If you do not own banished this game might be a good choice. This game seems to still be getting updated. Banished is not."
,Not Recommended,496460,28726969,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ErMurazor69,"Rip off of Banished... This game is broken so I got a refund. terrain leveling is wonky at best never quite leveling the land to where you want it. the first person mode is glitchy but kinda neat. Trees kept growing really fast covering the areas I was building and making it hard to see what I was doing. The zoom out was too short a distance so viewing the layout of your town was hard if it got too large. Overall I just couldn't like this game in its current state. Besides all its failures the fact that they made a direct copy of Banished's UI and game play just with better graphics made me angry, Make your own game, don't outright steal someone else's!"
76561198030764449,Recommended,496460,32149645,Posted: 3 June,all,Kilaelya,"I played Banished (and other city builders) and this is an improvement.Pros:- Decent graphics.- Play as a villager any time and enter first person mode (neat). Makes you feel more involved. I won't lie, after a crap day at work I enjoy walking through my town as a villager.- Good terrain tools. Terrain height is interesting in this game.- Interesting lightning storm mechanic that will set buildings at higher elevation on fire periodically.- Scurvy is a thing.- Dynamic plant/forest system. Animals seemingly become more scarce if a hunter is near a more populated area.- Active dev team (for now).Cons:- Missing sound effects? There is hardly any noise in this game beyond bird chirping and the music. There are limited sounds (e.g. a village digging a crop), but they are very soft at max volume and pretty rough.- No true vendors to spread your products. You eventually get donkeys through expeditions, but for most of the time you need to keep production chains near each other (bleh).- Missing some basic notifications and UI info (e.g. when villagers get the plague, how much a crop produced in a season, etc.)"
,Recommended,496460,27841373,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kaleos,"beautiful graphics,addictive gameplay,meditative music,regular patches,responsive developersconsno flatlands in the momentbut it is possible to terraformworth money in the current state for me"
76561198091999459,Recommended,496460,30673693,Posted: 22 March,all,Ch0k3r,"This game has great potential but lacks content as of now (but ey!, it's an early acces). If you're looking to fill your hours with big city building, this game isn't for you. This is a Survival City Builder. At first start, it feels like Banished (which is really good) , and within 2 seasons, everyone's dead (unlike Banished if you know how to play).But, as said, as of now it lacks content. I know it's EA and I'm spoiled playing B:Colonial Charter, but I like to build my town around a church. No church. And no marketplace. So be warned, this build doesn't really have that complete feel yet.For the rest, this is gonna be a great game. And even if the devs would mess this up (somehow I don't think so), I feel the mod-community will deliver some great quality content. I don't regret my money spending on it, anyway!"
76561198134648750,Recommended,496460,33064342,Posted: 30 June,all,Chramazon,"I really love this game, it's really fun and challenging. However, I really dislike the terraforming. It's complicated and normally doesn't turn out looking very good. I really hope they update it to be better. I really think that this game is fun due to the fact of how challenging it is, so far I've failed trying to get past the second winter, but each time I learn from my mistakes and get farther. I hope this review helped! :)"
76561198000655786,Recommended,496460,28597644,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tangoes for food stamps!!!!!,"This game is going to be top survival builder if they work out these bugs. They should also try not to make an exact copy of Banished and attempt to diversify a bit.Perhaps create missions or a story line.The bugs are a game breaker though, had to refund. I'd rather wait and pay more money with a guarantee its going to exit EA and become a full fledged game than sit on a nother piece of junk for 2 years."
76561198021652302,Recommended,496460,32092596,Posted: 31 May,all,Commander Duncan,"I like this game quite a lot, yeah it's got some Banished in it but that doesn't bother me at all.There are a ton of buildings and you can take control of the villagers. I was low on labour so I possesed a 4 year old and started hunting and gathering it was glorious.Child labor FTW!"
76561198405502243,Recommended,496460,34426016,Posted: 22 August,all,tiptonmichelle414,"To start off I realy like the game as a whole. It DOES need alot more updates tho, and realy fast. It was worth the money too.Biggest fix needed: The error save code that happens every 2-3 years. It just stops auto saving so you loose all the progress if you don't rember to manual save often. After that I would love the buildings that they already have implmented in game to do more. More management of Barns so we could tell what would go where and how much. I realy like to micro manage things of the sort. It would help sooooo much. Also 'MILD"" climate is NOT mild lol the snow is blinding lol. Also more instruction on what the signals over the building meen would be helpfull.The game is in need of something else to keep you entertained right now after you make it past the 10-11 year mark. So maby invasions or something of the sort would help.All in all a great time consuming game of city building and they have mods that realy help along with not disabling the achievements if you use them. Which is great!3 out of 5 stars right now!"
,Recommended,496460,32232240,Posted: 6 June,all,murakai,"Fun (and adorable) resource-management game. While the nice soundtrack and cozy atmosphere make this game great for unwinding, don't let it fool you - this game is challenging. Fire, frost, starvation and disease can wipe out your village swiftly, or a lack of progeny can wipe it out slowly. There is a slight learning curve, but Forest Village strikes a nice balance between guidance and exploration. Information is available if you want it, but it's never thrown in your face."
,Recommended,496460,26165384,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,CPLWeeks,"This game is wonderful. It's what I wished Banished had been. For an Early Access title, this feels like a completed release. It looks exquisite, and is very fun to play. A big thumbs up!!!"
76561198136938440,Recommended,496460,30735666,Posted: 25 March,all,Minxall,Love playing this game. The graphics are just amazing..
76561198072865621,Not Recommended,496460,28426747,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Likesaver,"It's incredibly laggy, the mouse lag makes it almost impossible to play.  I really wanted to play it, so I did tons of research online, tried numerous different things and none of it worked, I finally requested a refund but was denied because I spent to much time trying to fix it basically.  Complete waste of money for me.  If you buy it, install it and it's lagging, just immediately request a refund, don't get trapped like I did."
,Recommended,496460,25398722,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,TNexus,"... another game where I would love to see a ""neutral Review"" Button ... Steam? Hello?Graphics: are pretty good for this kind of gameSound/Music: a bit shallow and repetitive at timesGameplay/Features: some nice ideas that need to be worked onInterface: takes some time getting used to, but does what it is supposed to doThe biggest problem so far .... Stability: I can play for 30 - 50 mins before I get a CTD. That just wont let me enjoy the game and many have similar problems so far.The price tag is ok for what we are supposed to get when the game is finished.I do see alot of potential in this game, yet it still needs alot of work. Well and it is still a WiP to be fair.If you have little paitence, low tolerance for stability issues (CTD, stutter, freeze etc.) or expect a full game ... well wait till it is out of early acess.Otherwise give it a try."
,Recommended,496460,25208460,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kattmat,"Like Banished UI wise, but with terraforming, and awesome new features. And walk around as one of the NPCs in first-person mode by taking control of them. Very good graphics, and very low diskspace usage. Good for us with SSDs."
,Recommended,496460,32996555,Posted: 29 June,all,Mapexc24,Absolutely Awsome City Builder Game. The only thing missing in my opinion would be introducing military units for the fortifications for city defence and expanding to potential warfare
76561198029752320,Recommended,496460,25200400,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Der_Grimm,Great game! In every aspect better then banished. If you liked banished you will LOVE this game.
,Recommended,496460,25166771,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Notbazzaro135,https://youtu.be/jeUZqDfANDQ(This video is a first impressions)From looking at the photos I felt this game was similar to Banished. Once I played it I found out its a pretty close cut and paste copy of Bansihed... Is that a bad thing? NO Banished was a great game! This just has a little more detail in things.One thing that is different is you can take first person control of people and to the everyday tasks. Only downside from that I find is you walk incredibly slow.I look forward to seeing how the mods come into play with this game.If you are a fan of city managemnt gamesI would recommendthis game.
76561198148899969,Recommended,496460,26486650,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Preben,After coming back to 2 months of updates. this game has grown enough for me to really like it!punishes the player sometimes for not building little convience things like herb gathering. had a village going for 5 hours to have it wiped out by sickness and the village loses will to work after sickness. Basicly leaving you powerless.STILL NOT BUILDING THAT HERB SHACK BOY.
76561198281972712,Recommended,496460,30563631,Posted: 16 March,all,brasscom2,"Villagers work slow and the seasons are fast, a little more balance would be awesome. Kinda takes more than enough people to harvest a field. 8 for a medium sized field? I have seen a community pull together and put a barn up in a day but in this game it takes an entire season which puts you behind on food supply. Is there a food ration toggle I am not seeing? Terraforming is kinda wierd since it doesn't auto contour, its all straight lines like the soil is made out of blocks and when you do terraform, such as raising ground, sand or rock doesn't turn into grass ... it stays the same color which makes it look stupid when you place an orchard on it. This game would be awesome if it was just a little more balanced and certain areas ""tweaked""."
,Recommended,496460,25293864,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Gorgon Freeman,"So far, so good. This one looks promising. Basically like a better version of Banished. I love the first person!"
76561197965928083,Recommended,496460,25394848,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Nachtus01,"I (still) really want to like this better. Truthfully, its not bad,and while it's gotten better, its still not not great yet either.Be forewarned....this is not your typical city builder/management sim. In fact, after I finished playing for several hours today, I realized just how little it actually has to do with city building. It has more to do with management than it does city building, but even that is more time management than anything. If I were to break it down, I would say that this game is 60% time management, 30% resource management, and 10% city building.When you first start out. you really want to NOT grow. In fact you dont really want to grow until late into your second year, or better yet, your third. You will grow anyways, because you have to build a hut right off the bat, but dont build any other houses until, like I said, your 2nd or 3rd year preferablly. Your going to have to have a lot of patience.In fact, I would say that is the main goal of the game, is ""wait"". For everything. For the entire durationof the game.So expect, especially in the early years, do a lot of watching, and very little playing.Having said that, going slow does NOT make the game uninteresting, just slow.At this point, I have managed to get my village to last a whopping 21 years. It is still alive, but I just lost almost half my citizens, (9 of them),to starvation. We'll see what happens.I've only had a few glitches. This bout of starvation was due to a glitch. In part, due to my not paying full attention. Usually, the game warns you if your food reserves are low. I dont know when it stopped doing that, but I received no messages informing me that I was running low, so I didn't focus on the numbers under the food icons in the barn......my bad.Right now, to me, the biggest issues are with balance, and/or a lack of options.One of the things that I miss about Banished, is that in LiF:FV, you can send your worked out to look for trees, rocks, ore, and hay. But NOT food. In Banished, I could look at my food stocks and go, ""Hmmm, those aren't great, and winter is almost here.....I should send all my villagers out to look for food while I still have time. Try that in LiF:FV and you'll be sitting there in late winter going, I guess I had better put 3 people, (the max) into my gathering hut and hope they get more than 60 Kcal's in food before snowfall. Thats about 1 days worth of food for 10 people. Kcal's, btw, are LiF:FV's nutritional value system.Anyways........It very greatly irritates me that I cannot chose my starting location. I can pick the starting seed, but not where on that seed I will be placed. Once the game put me on this little strand of land that could barely hold the initial housing, barn, and warehouse they pre-place for you. Also the preview of the seed they show you is so small, I am not sure why they bother to show you at all.The game is not always intuative either.Many of the buildings in the game are upgradable. But until you have, ""unlocked"" that upgrade. It doesnt tell you what you'll be upgrading too, or even what you have to do to be able to unlock the upgrade.Playing in 1st person (1PV) seems kinda cruel. I would probablly enjoy doing it more, if my character didn't walk slower than dead men crawl. And there is no way to speed up your movement while in first person view. You can blow a horn and watch all your other ""settle-mates"" move faster.....doesn't help you though. Nothing like walking down a wolf thats heading towards your chickens, wondering if you have time to read Moby♥♥♥♥♥♥while you walk there.I would say that on a scale of 1-5 stars, Banished would be ahead, getting 4.5 stars, while LIF:FV would get only 3.5.Comparing the two, I found that LIF:FV's UI was bulkier, but contained less info than that of its counterpart.Also the mouse movement in 1PV are about 100% too sensitive. Barely moving the mouse almost turns your character all the way around. If the the caracter moved as fast as the mouse, It might make sense.....Right now I would be happy if my character moved 1/4 the speed of the mouse.Hunter's and shepherds do crappy jobs of protecting your livestock. I've been trying to raise pigs for 3 seasons now. Just when I am about 3/4 of the way to getting a second pig, a wolf comes waltzing up and makes that piggie go ""weee!!!!!""......all the way to his doom.Yes, I know i can go into 1PV and kill the wolf. Unfortunately, everytime I have not been there to see it, (I'm on another part of the map trying to do something else), or I get there just as its happening.The bakery makes about 3-5 loaves of bread/day. I could presonally make 8-9 per/day irl. And thats if I was only making 1 load at a time. Given that this is supposed to be an, ""industrial bakery"" that will feed all your people....the numbers seem a bit off to me.These are just a few of the gripes I have while playing LiF:FV. I still enjoy the game, but it still needs a lot more work.If you like challenging games, look no further. This one deffinitely is."
,Recommended,496460,26198962,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Lozziebabbiie,"I've played just around 20 hours of this, and have to say I'm really enjoying it. If you like building simulators, like city skylines etc then you will enjoy this. I think it's fairly well balanced with how challenging it is, but having said that once you start to form a system, it starts becoming easier. My current playthrough are just about to go into their 12th year, and still it's challenging me to think about building and expanding. The main thing to remember is too not grow your population to quickly, that is what kills you. Would I recommend this game to other's? Most definitely, it's Early Access now so I really can't wait to see how this game progresses as the Dev's make more content."
76561197996257831,Not Recommended,496460,33012050,Posted: 29 June,all,Crop Circle,"50 hours in game so I have been enjoying it.  It is Banished 2.0, despite what the devs say.  Still fun.  My issue is after 50 hours building and managing I have a game breaking crash.  Game Crashes at same point, same time no matter what save I Load.  So I've wasted all that time and I didn't even get to finish my castle.   Can't reccomend because of that."
,Recommended,496460,25286044,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,[DLE]Maik Morgen,"This game makes a lot of fun and have a nice graphic, its like Banished, but i think its more complex, but it have some bugs and glitches, so the game could crash some times."
76561198030885071,Recommended,496460,35215095,Posted: 25 September,all,Judith,"I was very pleasantly surprised, and glad I bought this game, Very pleased. have long thought to buy this game but have been so many negative reviews on steam, but saw one of my favitit youtubers play this, then I decided to give it a chance, as I said, I'm glad I did it, will put pros and cons after I play it more.  //Judith"
76561198009551892,Recommended,496460,32053236,Posted: 29 May,all,JFD,"First off, if you liked Banished, there is a very good chance that you'll like this game, since it's practically a carbon-copy of it with medieval-themed models. There are a few differences, of course, but the core concepts are very similar.My main issues with the game in its current state are as follow:1. Aging and the population sim as a whole is a bit wonky. Pops become ""teenagers"" around 3 and adults around 6, allowing them to work and even procreate. Thankfully, this is easily moddable.2. There are no families in the game per say (as far as I could tell). People will switch around houses as space becomes available, leading to oddities like a house full of children (and no adult), households with only males or a single female producing kids, etc. Therefore, the procreation system appears completely random as long as there's an adult in the house.3.  Map generation is sub-par. You'll always end up on an island of similar composition. Only the shape of the island and the distribution of resources on it will vary a bit.4. Some balance issues need to be adressed, either by the devs or by mods, such as the bakery producing far too little bread. There is already a mod fixing it.5. Trees grow absurdedly fast.Despite those few annoyances, I recommend the game because the core of it (resource management and town building) is working and is enjoyable even if the issues I mentioned are never fixed.Good to know : There is no combat in the game whatsoever. You can build walls and stuff, but right now, they are just for show. If you're looking for something more RTS-y like Stronghold, look elsewhere."
,Recommended,496460,25226053,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,exceler_8,"A fun early access game with a lot of potential.Pros:Game runs smoothly, haven't experienced any crashes and get a solid framerate.First person is awesome to experience your village/cityGraphics are amazingCons:Tutorial is a little bit lacking"
,Recommended,496460,25170806,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Garry.K.Hossman,"Bugs,bugs,bugs but I do feel that underneath is a very good game........from 4 yr old teenagers to builders standing around not leveling the land to bears wandering around ignoring the people who are ignotring them.....mouse is too sensitive also(there's no way to make it less) but I will continue to play the game and look forwards to the many updates...Edit......The bugs I thought were bugs turned out to be my inability to play the game😏Now I've played it more I realise how the mechanics work and as my village grows the challenges change.....looking forward to the future"
76561198008194610,Not Recommended,496460,34728094,Posted: 3 September,all,Sentergies,Horrible. Mouse is very jumpy and lagging during play no matter the setting. Workers randomly starve even when all houses are stocked with food. Gatherers run around like they have no idea what they are doing. So wasted money.
76561198039283784,Recommended,496460,25329459,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Trevor WRAS,"Shame about the crashes, but it has really good potential, very exciting.  UPDATE: Since the recentl patches and fixes, the game plays so much better and is a joy to play, really glad I paid for this."
76561198085963823,Not Recommended,496460,32613037,Posted: 21 June,all,Shadrach,"65 hours of play in this game so far and I have enjoyed a lot of it.  Population management is important and satisfying when done properly, aesthetics are pleasing and 1st person mode is a really nice way to experience your medieval town from the peasants perspective.  Terraforming is a bit awkward to get used to, but once you know which tools to use where, how much to set at a time etc, it quickly becomes very usable, however it does leave  very unnatural looking edges which can really remove from the immmersion.It is like Banished, but with more emphasis on survival and protecting your livestock (which is massively frustrating), and obviously better graphics.  Baby booms will kill you, running out of tools/clothes later game can be crippling.Considering this game has been officially released for a month now, I have to say with some brutal honesty, this is not a finished product.  It's actually quite insulting that the developers would fully release something which is clearly not finished.  Pathing issues, buildings doing nothing except aesthetics and resources sinks, peculiar variations in productivity of some buildings.This game has some excellent potential, and is currently fun to play, however once you reach the mid to late game side of things there's not much challenge and a bunch of the buildings you spent all that time getting to don't do anything; a massive f*** you to any player really.I am not going to recommend this game at the moment, I still feel like it's got 3-6 months of development left and with no real dialogue happening with the community I can't see it achieving that.  Save your money for another city builder which is not buggy/unfinished.A final note, I am getting sick of games companies doing this sh!t, money hungry executives pushing deadlines on devs who know they are going to get screwed by the public who in turn they are going to have to screw with their unfinished product.  A BLT comes with Bacon Lettuce and Tomato, not just Lettuce and Tomato."
,Recommended,496460,25186081,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Kaizer,"Life Is Fuedal: Forest VillageRate: 10/10General info about the game:You start off with a few settlers and their homes with small amounts of food, tools & materials. Your job is of course to get more of the required materials to survive and expand. You will have to hunt for various meats, fish for fishes, mine ore, chop wood, gather herbs/fruits etc etc. You will have to struggle with the formation of the landscape with building in mind, but that being said you still have lots of space to play with. Many people say it's a ""copy"" of banished but with better graphics and some few extras, but i'd say, if you loved banished like i did, you're going to love this game as well!Pros:- Beautiful Graphics- Various vild Animals (bears, volfes, foxes to mention a few)- Very detailed characters (settlers)- Good Animations- Big Maps with realistic nature/ground formation- Great Music (i never listen to in-game music in games, but in this game the music is great)- Great overview of how your settlement is doingCons:- ""Laggy"" Animations of trees, rain etc (feels like they move in 15fps while the game is still 60+/-fps)- 2 Options in Options tab are not available (probably just me (im not ""minusing"" that)The ones at Cons are most likely going to be fixed as the time comes, with that in mind that this game is in Early - Access. I have been waiting for such a detailed game like this and it's finally here. Again, if you love citybuilding games and in this case banished, give this game a go! You're not going to regret it!"
76561198072989899,Recommended,496460,25169943,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,roggek,"Since I've played ""Life is Feudal: Your Own"", I know what ""to expect"" from the stunning art and concept.Simply amazing city building game."
,Recommended,496460,28907075,Posted: 1 January,all,OWL,People say its a copy of Banished. So what? Its better looking and well balanced. at least 6 guys dont consume fishes like 50 person and starve to death. This game is challenging with a more realistic way. i totally recommend.
76561198035681421,Recommended,496460,25337259,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,candinhoff,"GREAT GAME , when u are in need of some resource u can posses on villager and gather it yourself, love the game!"
76561198080832904,Not Recommended,496460,32042482,Posted: 29 May,all,Moxley,"I really wish I could say I loved this game. I honestly do. As many have said, it does have a lot of similarities to Banished, though I would disagree with some reviewers who say it is being ""copied"". There are just a number of things about this game that personally make it not fun to play. (Mileage, of course, may vary) First, it takes FOREVER to do anything. Building a house, a farm, gathering a certain type of resource....expect to wait a LONG time for it to be done. Second, a few of the food sources are nearly impossible to keep going/problems with food. On multiple villages I've had the fishing just stop producing anything. I figured maybe that section of the waterfront had gotten fished out, though with the graphics it still looked like it was teeming with fish. I shut down that fishery and made another one much farther away. Still was getting next to no fish at all. I've had this happen with orchards, farms, and the other modes of food production as well. I've had multiple villagers, while in the town and no tasks before them, with food available at the storehouse starve to death. Third, you'll spend almost the whole game terraforming and the terraforming mechanic is frustrating to use. Unlike Banished, you are provided only with Islands and whatever terrain you choose will have hills of varying sizes. It's very difficult to find a map that won't need you to terraform within the first 15 min of gameplay. Trying to get everything flat so you can build on it also takes FOREVER and it's hard to eyeball it right to even get things flat. I'll freely admit that I'm a casual type of player of this game as I don't often have long swaths of time to devote to it. However, when on a rare occasion I /do/ have the time to play, playing for five hours and feeling I've accomplished NOTHING is off putting to me.  It does have some good points. The graphics are pretty nice, being able to control villagers is cool, but not enough to draw me back to this game. Having depth (though depends on the person if you feel terraforming for an hour to be able to place a house that will take another half an hour to build is depth) to a game is great, but not when the starting off point can be so frustrating you don't even care."
76561198124999494,Recommended,496460,26083633,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,АрктикА47,"I've only played this game for 7 hours so far, but I can already tell you even in its current state it has much more playability that banished ever had. First off, the game is pretty damn beautiful and just interesting to look at let alone play. Even though it's in early access, this game already has a decent amount of more content that banished did. If they keep updating this game, and possibly adding some combat, or just even the ability to build dungeons, and weapons and just have people go in there to explore and gain loot that would be a great addition, but so far so good, especially from an early access. In its current state I think its worth more around $15, but I think once its fully finished they could charge even more than $25. It's a great game overall, and would highly recommend it. Oh, also one more thing, I really enjoy how much slower paced it is compared to banished. In banished I felt like I got everything in the game very quickly, this game is a lot slower, and has a lot more obstacles to hurdle over before you are able to build whatever you want."
76561198018445711,Not Recommended,496460,32558903,Posted: 18 June,all,Charlargo,"I want to recommend this game but it doesn't seem complete, it is buggy and your city will perish because you lack food, basically one mistake where one or two settlers didn't harvest the crops or is living in the wrong house will kill your settlement. Any build you choose to up grade will most likely kill all the people living in it. Alot of materials and resources that you collect become useless and it doesn;t make any sense to have them. e.g ( bread which gives you the same amount of food as raw veggies goes through 3 processes and takes up to 6 or more villagers to produce should be worth more) (herbs are basically useless once you have the doctor ) people don't eat before they leave the house or at warehouses so they go to work - work 3 seconds and run all the way back home for food. wild animals roam the towns like it is normal and then kill livestock when the hunter is looking at it. There is no organization system for where resources have to go. Most buildingd are un-upgradable when they should be and others serve not purpose.That being said ... This game was fun to look at - it has one of the best graphics ever found in a city building game but it lacks structure...Anyways, i got about 24 hours out of the game before deleting it, mainly becauseI got tired of the random resource drain and my city dieing for not reason, if you leave it on a normal speed or not exceeding 5x -- if you put on max speed even for 1 or 2 seasons - your settlers don't work and they die, which i consider a game breaking bug. If i reload a save and let them go at 2x or 5x my food storages are full, i didn't change a thing it at all."
76561198052386020,Recommended,496460,30679439,Posted: 22 March,all,warpig107,"only issue is they start you with 6 people, this game is obviously Banished but how it should have been, but even banished started with a village of like 30 i think, though you go to work uber fast to keep them all alive. same thing here. you want to gather food and wood ASAP and make as many kids as you can and grow the Population, hopefully we can get a Pop setting before starting a new game"
76561198027926461,Recommended,496460,26623817,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,kahs112,I enjoyed a lot banished... and this game is awesome... sometimes annoying because of the lack of intelligence of the AI for the moment i will title this game as Stupid ways to die in the forest.for example... i have plenty food.. but or some reason. my people decided to die  of stavation. or random kill spree they game is to made to ♥♥♥♥ you up with the time. for what i see. i cant believe all the people on my village are injured at the same time... something is broken with the game and the random problems. goodbay 100 pop
76561198089269442,Recommended,496460,29035030,Posted: 5 January,all,Star,"I think this game has promise, one I would recommend for the wishlist and to check out at release (if they dont drage it out too long)Is similar to banished, but has a few of its own unique concepts as well.City builder game very enjoyable."
76561198073470113,Recommended,496460,35187781,Posted: 24 September,all,๖ۣۜ℟ọȿє,This game has the best music!
76561198014530874,Recommended,496460,30798365,Posted: 28 March,all,Aigginac,Nice game =D
,Recommended,496460,29182360,Posted: 11 January,all,Nakia,"I purchased this game last September shortly after it was released in Early Access. I have now played the game for well over 2000 hours including offline play. I have seen it develope from a buggy game to a real gem. The graphics are very good and I love the First Person mode something I have never found in any other city building game.It is a game of balance, of figuring out how to make it possible for your villagers to survive in a wilderness. You start with six adultsk three en and three women and four children/teenagers. They grow up very quickly if you are playing the base game. The biggest mistake that beginning gamers make is to expand the village too quickly. Since the villagers need a house to eat and get warm the first thing you do is build a house. You can then demolish one shack. Keep your initial village small. You must collect food, build a gatherers hut, a fishing pier and a hunters' lodge. What I do is make two adults gathers and either one or two fishers. Once winter comes you can change the gathers to hunters and or fishers. You also need to build a Lumberjack yard so that your villagers have an ample supply of firewood.Distance in this game kills. Send a villager too far to collect resources and he or she willeither starve or freeze to death. Build a house too far from the barn and the residents will not be able to get food and fuel for the stoves. Build houses too far from jobs and either laborers will again either freeze or starve or will have no time to do any work. Keeping the village in good balance is very important and there is no reason why any villager should die from starvation or freeze. Absolutely none.The game is also highly modable and there are already quite a few mods up on Workshhop and more are in the works. The devs have been very responsive in replying to modders questions and are very mod friendly. This makes it possible for individuals to have the game they want, to play their own style.It is true that the game is still in developement but the devs are working very hard. The forum has a pinned thread that explains what is happening with hotfixes.At the moment there is no actual combat in the game but there is word that Viking raids may be arriving eventually. Personally I don't care I just like building the village, keeping people alive. Oh they will die in child bearing, accidents and of old age but if properly provided for they will NOT starve or freeze. I cannot repeat that too much and it seems to be the biggest problem new players have.Bugs have been fixed I have played for well over 100 hours recently with no ctds or freezes. This is not however a game I would recommend to those who want to rush everything, who need their hands held and to be instructed every step of the way. There are also excellent Community Guides available for those who are seeking help and the experienced forum members are also very generous with their help."
76561198058631718,Recommended,496460,25404247,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Vamps,"This is a great game with awsome game mechanics...i am haveing a problem disableing the autosave..seem to be crashing sometimes from it..and i dont ever use autosave..i do wish it could be turned off...keep up the good work ,the game sure is coming around."
,Recommended,496460,28210504,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Issah,"relaxing af game. Buy it its very good. Yes its still buggy af and yes its not finished but its damn worth every penny in its current state. Its ""similar"" to banished but different enough to buy it. It looks promising. I'm waiting for more updates right now and might update this review later. I have a decent machine, nothing cutting edge and it runs well. Just don't build roads and try and condense your town to keep things easy. If you spread out too much you will run into issues. I tried making city hubs and took early 25 years to have enough people to run it. Supply management still needs work but you'll find it challenging once you get into it with stables. graphics are satisfying but find the trees get a little annoying since they are so realistically big. I don't like how fast they grow  but this just a tweat they can make/mod can make."
76561197970440006,Recommended,496460,32135643,Posted: 2 June,all,ploppo,"I quite like this.I liked Banished and this is like Banished 2 - ie much nicer graphics.It is not finished though.However, as long as they keep working on it, I think it will be great.It seems harder to play that Banished - but, I like Banished and wouldn't hate this game just because it is like Banished."
76561197999452555,Recommended,496460,32105599,Posted: 1 June,all,Dreadfel,I recommened this game. I have sunk 25+ hours into this game over the course of 3-4 days. I've even neglected my daily duties a bit...
76561198059695253,Recommended,496460,25388663,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Kungfufishstick,"You see it everywhere on the reviews. This game is so much like Banished. It is same same but different. It has a ton of the same mechanics but it is what Banished could have been if more than one person put work into it. The future of this game may very well be brighter than what Banished had going for it (but time will tell).For starters, you can't simply throw down a bunch of forest nodes (forester, hunter, gatherer, herbalist) to maintain the food supply for the starting town early on. You need to diversify a bit.The starting tools don't go down near as fast as they do in Banished so you have a little bit of time to plan out the location where you plan to get tools and figure out where the hell you should start with those tools (hint: don't turn to the Blacksmith for primitive tools. Those come from the Carpenter).I haven't made a good town yet but I noticed that people won't freeze to death in the winter if there isn't a steady flow of clothes coming in.Too many houses early on will kill your town pretty easily.I don't have a lot of time with this game yet but I am very happy with it. It is almost like someone changed some stuff in Banished to make it feel fresh and it was done in a good way.I am really enjoying this game.10/10 would kill off the town trying to figure things out again"
,Recommended,496460,25732586,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SGTSylver,"One of those games that needs the side thumb or the Meh rating.First off, some say this is a Banished clone. They are right and wrong. If this were a Banished clone it would have better resource/warehouse management and a ton more to offer, especially with the mods that are available in Banished. However, it is a fun game for about 25 hours or so until your village gets too large and people die simply because things are too far away for them to walk to get that wanted thing and return back to their hut. If you've not played banished it is $5 cheaper usually but either one on sale is worth it.Many don't like the terraforming tool, I actually do. Most of the negatives regarding this are when terraforming took forever, its not so bad now and allows you to create some cool towns.The graphics are pretty good, the camera control is far better than other similar games.The first person or ""villager possession"" is pretty useful and cool. It provides some great visuals for viewing your village and also for prioritizing builds or killing animals.Hopefully it will get even better and better optimized as I know it isn't going to be able to run on some potatoes out there.All in all it shows potential to have at least a 100 hrs of gameplay once they work in some resource management stuff, so if this kinda game is your thing it is likely worth it. If they add invaders from see or trolls or something from deep inland along with building defenses and a militia of sorts this game would be Game of the Year. Banished meets Stronghold Crusader, totally dope!"
,Recommended,496460,31588567,Posted: 6 May,all,:WTF: Grendel,"If you're looking for a city-building survival game, this would be it. Resource management is vital for your colony's survival and expansion. It's not one of those city-builders where you can expand quickly... you MUST be patient and expand at a relatively slow pace otherwise you'll blow through your food and resources before you can correct that mistake and maintain balance. By year 10 you'll have around 50+ colonists with a workforce of around 40 adults and some kids eating up your food.After several failed attempts at creating a sustainable colony, I've finally nailed down that you really just need to farm during non-winter seasons. Once you've focused on that, food production levels will sustain you through winter while you do most other work like resource gathering for firewood and building up your reserves... and slowly expanding your infrastructure during the winter months. With farming done most of the year I tend to the 10x speed, while during winter I use the 5x speed to better manage tasks by colonists. Seems rather balanced so far for Early Access."
76561198084770958,Recommended,496460,32437743,Posted: 15 June,all,Nodus Tollens,"This game has many foibles and can at times be frustrating, especially on full diffilculty.But, isn't that something we want in  our games? I have encountered many small frustrations in the playing of this game, and you know what, they were fixed in the next update at the latest!This is a team following a schedule to deliver what they promised, and that's a rarity in the current world of games.Too many are more than happy to take your money and leave you with an absolute 3D jigsaw of a game to play with until you realise it's missing 3 of it's corner pieces!These devs are making progress, and they keep me excited to see what's new with every update. True, I might lose a villager inside a donkey or something dumb here or there, but I know the team are going to get to it eventually!I have nothing but praise for the progress this game has made since I bought it, and I am sure it will stay that way :)"
76561197981860644,Not Recommended,496460,33149198,Posted: 2 July,all,Martey,"The game is good, quite well done, but it has a badly programmed AI section for villagers.I do not know why programmers in the 21st century do not program a good AI - that's true for most of the games (so I know, but I will not say)."
,Not Recommended,496460,34923669,Posted: 13 September,all,Rayden☆✪,"This is like a better looking Banished with bugs all over the place.- Unable to build any building anywhere- Workers don't work, chop wood even there are plenty of workers- Buildings say they are on fire, even tho they aren't- Missing graphical glitches and icons- Game is only 400mb big size.- Says people are starving, even tho there is 5000+ units of food in the warehouse. (houses are next to it)- Plenty of animals, bears, foxes, pigs running around but hunter does nothing.- Herbalists does nothing.- All people died from Hypothermia first winter, because they refused to chop any wood for firewood.- Winter is like 80% of the game, warmth/summer is like 20% of the game. Logic?!  (winter is extremely long, summer is extremely short, and spring and fall still count as winter in this game. lel)Buy it now, play it later. I hope devs finish this game! Because with the graphics, it can be promising if the game play works as intended."
76561198067431379,Recommended,496460,25196041,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,rp,Game is fun but very dark.I see nothing haft of the game. (C'ant play)Hope they fix this.
76561197979820843,Recommended,496460,25381252,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,clixgamer,"Great game. The developers are very responsive to stomping out bugs. Most compare it to Banished, but this game has so much more."
,Recommended,496460,25166418,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Auri,"So far, so good. Runs fairly smooth, though I had one glitch where the game crashed while autosaving so I've been saving manually, just in case. As another reviewer stated, very similar to Banished in terms of how you set professions, build, and progress initially. The terraforming option is awesome, and much less tedious than in the multiplayer LiF game since you can just command your pawns to do a specified area to a specified height. Going into first person feels a little bit like it did playing multiplayer LiF as well, but I am not sure it's something I will utilize all that much.I can't speak for how the game is with an established village, but the potential seems there for interesting progression options from what the tutorial hinted at. I do have two questions... why are all my villagers female, and how are babies still being born?!"
76561198000561257,Not Recommended,496460,25502644,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Reviews Life is Feudal: Forest VillageUpdate Version: 0.9.4221Disclosure: This game copy was bought by the reviewer.Gameplay Footage:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufCrrPRUodAI will not be comparing this title to Banished or to the previous game in the series, but I will point out that the user interface, game mechanics and overall feel share a striking similarity to the previously mentioned titles.Before beginning each session, the player can establish what type of map they wish to settle. Map size ranges from small to medium, terrain varies from mountainous to the plains, and decide if you want harsher climate or the chance to deal with disasters. It is surprisingly limited and results in every game (at least the ten or so I created to test this) with the same amount of supplies, same population amount and always positioned along the coast. Every session also provides enough basic buildings to house the starting population and the required storage buildings to manage resources. It ensures the proper tools are available to at least get started, which gives the player a chance to absorb the gorgeous scenery.The medieval aesthetic is the game's best feature with a wonderful visual appeal complemented by great weather effects (fog and rain for instance) and lighting. Texture quality for foliage and trees are pleasing with flowers, grass and even moss looking quite presentable. Trees give off proper shadows, move in response to a breeze and water flows with current. Character models share the same generic model type for their respective gender and age group, but they look good. Models do have a tendency to clip through trees, rocks and walls, especially the wildlife. Regardless, it is a beautiful game to walk around in or to zoom in on.Unfortunately, the music does not have the same flair as the visuals and can become stale very quickly. There is an extremely limited amount of very somber, mellow instrumental pieces that are great to listen too a couple of times, but not for the length required to establish a thriving city. The ambient noise does not add much to the overall product, mostly devolving into dull wood cutting and clinks. Given the massive amount of time it takes for things to progress, an outside music source became a requirement to continue pressing forward.Time is something Forest Village falls victim too with most actions requiring half a year at times to complete. Thankfully, there is a way to enhance the speed of the game up to x10, but even then I found things to be moving incredible slow. Similar to the music of the game, I was finding it hard to manage the city without a secondary game keeping me interested as I glanced over to see if something I requested ten minutes ago was finally done. This is mainly the case earlier on before the population reaches higher numbers and you are able to utilize more citizens. Things still move extremely slow, especially construction, infant to adult growth, and terraforming.Terraforming allows the player to manipulate the landscape to help alter the terrain to better serve the community. It provides more flat land to build on and is essential for expanding a settlement further inland. It takes a great deal of time for the process to complete with the results requiring further adjustments. When matching the level marker to the same level as the ground I wish to be even with, the terrain would lower itself just enough to be uneven, forcing a second job to raise it a smidgen higher. There were multiple times I couldn't finish from what appeared to be an issue preventing the villagers from being able to enter the area being changed. This was also apparent when I was attempting to build a hostel on some flattened land, only to result in the construction teams going idle and two further jobs to raise the land up once, then back down to fix the issue. The idea is great on paper, but is unreliable in practice.Building placement is hassle free as long as you have the terrain to place it down on. The area does not need to be free of debris, thanks to a feature that automatically marks all resources in the respected area for removal. Once a building is done a settler can be assigned to the building's respective task and a random person will begin work. Upgrading is also available, but only the housing variants and a couple of workstations have the function at this time.AI is a mixed bag with most of the problems steaming from an issues I have seen other settler management games suffer. Settlers can be assigned to a job as long as the building for that job is available, but settlers also have survival needs such as eating, moving food and firewood to their home and acquiring materials from storage. This creates a dilemma factor that can have settlers stop a job half way to rush back to eat, go back to the workstation and once against leave it to move supplies to the home. This issue is why terraforming can take almost a year in some cases and buildings can be left unbuilt for months.As with any Early Access game, there are technical issues. When a home is upgraded, I found certain cases where settlers would fail to register with an available home or with the upgraded home, resulting in them starving to death. Auto-saving has a common issue with locking, becoming unresponsive and sometimes forcing me to quit the game entirely. I noticed frame loss occurring during later segments of the game, possibly due to the size of the settlement. These are very annoying issues that are common with the Early Access territory, but that doesn't excuse it either.Several other features in the game have very little impact on the overall product or do not seem to perform as intended. Disease was something I have yet to experience in a town that has sustained a death rate of 12 people in twenty years. I have purposely left them in the open (have not built a pyre) to see if anything would come of it and have yet to see anything. Illnesses also seem to have little impact, with a separate game having a town full of rabid settlers with nothing to show for it in the four years I tested Patient Zero. First person view felt more like a gimmick than a viable mode, restricting the actions of the settler being controlled and reducing time to x1 speed. Disasters have not shown up during my playtime outside mentions of tornados nearby. Advancement is also underutilized with the only discoveries possible revolving around new crops and animals. A port is required for this and the new benefit impacts one or two new items at best. Every building is available at the beginning (outside pastures) and every important item can be crafted from these buildings (except warm clothing made with wool by discovering sheep). These are very interesting aspects that could increase the quality of the game.It is hard for me to really pinpoint my disdain for this game. I lost my first six villagers to old age, three more to mining accidents and ended up losing the other 30 to freezing temperatures when I forgot to pause my game. It was at this point I realized I had just been biding my time after building everything available. I created two more villages after this for testing purposes, but the real issue I had was with the lack of things to build and the lack of progression. There is no real end to these settlements outside the inevitable destruction to nature and no goals to strive for outside general survival. It needs more to do to eliminate the massive downtime. I just cannot recommend a game this light on content, especially at the price. I will return to port for now and set off toward a new settlement once this game leaves Early Access.Pros- Gorgeous scenery- Building and layouts function properlyCons- Terraforming needs an overhaul- General pacing is too slow- Crashes, lockups and frame rate- AI issues- Content lite"
,Recommended,496460,32592874,Posted: 20 June,all,SniperMonkey,"So 20 hours into this game...Firstly I must say I loved banished and cloaked almost 300 hours, but banished as fun as it was there was longing for more content and here it is with forest village - honestly have not discovered a game with so much potential. And I respect the fact that the developers of this game where inspired by banished and fair play to them for taking it to the next level.I have read some reviews prior to purchasing this game and like I say with most of my reviews that are pre release; if you buy a pre release game please don’t ""bi@ch"" about bugs, you should know what you bought into. There are a lot of bugs in this game, but the content and game play is very promising and very enjoyable and every update so far bugs are being dealt with, so hats off to the developers for listening the gaming community.So here's my review,Graphics - Yeah stunning on my 980TI but I will say it is a resource hungry game on full blast as my card doesn’t get loud often. So being that they are still in development there is room to stream line this aspect. The Bloom is nice but you can barely see what you are doing in the winter months, that’s my only down point. Furthermore there are some aspects of the game that require completion, tornado for one. A beautiful game none the less and that’s a 4 out of 5.Sound/Music - I guess (and hope) that this is still under development, therefore I cannot review this honestly and will say the current music is quite taxing.... being that there is only one song ha-ha.Game Play - It’s great, I can’t say it any simpler. Ok there is some self learning to-do and you will restart the game a few times over just to get use to all the buildings, priorities etc. the terra-forming is great, this is a aspect I found lacking in banished, really helps to use all that valuable space for your village. 5 out of 5, still rough around the edges but I see where they are going with this, I approve.... Vikings coming soon as well, I cannot wait!!Overall, if you enjoyed banished and ready for something new it’s here. Like building survival games both this and banished are a must in your collection..I hope you enjoy the game as must as I have so far."
76561198081080270,Recommended,496460,26075974,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,palyarmerc,Banished was awesomeForest Village is awesome (part) too
76561198212576447,Recommended,496460,32815697,Posted: 26 June,all,radarkj,"Okay, so firstly, let's get this straight: yes, this game has aspects that are SIMILAR to Banished, but not the same. And also, Forest Village has SO MUCH MORE depth than Banished. I have Banished and I was so dissapointed with it and only played it for 5 hours.This game is great, because it is relaxed, slow-paced, cosy, and it just is everything that Banished needed to be good (for me, anyway). The graphics are splendid, the devs update pretty much 2 or 3 times a month.I've barely even scrathed the surface of this game! I've played 25-odd hours and haven't even reached a population of 100 people and I haven't even switched disasters on before!This is a great game. Sure it has one or two bugs, but the devs will must likely fix it in a month!9/10 Must try it out."
76561198070694795,Recommended,496460,34873519,Posted: 10 September,all,Bigworm94,"Im going to be honest with you. There are bugs, but there are ways around them. for example i face in the late game everyone was starving when there was plenty of food. i go 2 saves back and found the problem and i found out if you have to many roads waiting for contruction, the will literally kill themselves and there families by not delivering food, to fix, dont put alot of contruction down. and the save error issuse. when u save it wont let you. but it was autosaving before it couldnt save anymore. to fix, close out the game and open it up.then  load the previous save .i was that guy who would read the comments and if there negative, i would say nope. but i looked at the videos and youtubers and had to give it a go. in all if u can work over the bugs, and find mods that work well together. Fantastic game. im currently at year 35 on my game with a population of 700 people. when you get the game, you will see how hard it is to keep 100 people let alone 700. ill keep going till theres a pop cap. and when i reach it. ill start a new island =)"
,Not Recommended,496460,34723333,Posted: 3 September,all,Nimn,"Currently there are tomany bugs and balance issues to make this a viable early acces title, let alone a fully released game. It has alot of potential but the main issues (game freezes, slow pace, lack of management of villagers and missing gameplay to name a few) make it so it becomes unplayable quite quickly. So sadly i can't reccomend it at this time.I do see this becoming a great title IF and only IF they address the blatant issues that are currently within the game (and listed by quite alot of players)"
,Not Recommended,496460,32095494,Posted: 31 May,all,Monterico Gaming TV,"Change to Negative - Here is why! The game was released and was not finished. The devs and PR team whine and cry about being compared to Banished. The one MAJOR update post release killed all my save files. The game looks nice but I cannot support or give it a postive review.TIP! Check Reviewer game hours! That being said let's talk about FOREST VILLAGE. The game is a one of those village builders that starts very small and you struggle to survive, thrive, and grow. At first the game may feel like a familiar village builder. You soon realise the economy you have to build has a fun depth of play. Some complaints about how goods move can all be changed with mods. The excitement I have with Forest Village is with new steam workshop ability the mods will really expand the game. Being able to not only view players in first person mode but actually control them to work and hunt is something very new to this type of game that is a must and a new standard for games in the future. I have been following development from early access day one and the save file lives even after release if you want to get a video look at the game to see if it is right for you.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2NZzDrzXcUu_jywo0ckQzMJ14aCQalukThe game still needs work with the last minute release items like the castle walls and look forward to the raiders the Devs have been hinting at. Anyway I hope the development keeps going like they promise."
76561198031045062,Not Recommended,496460,34855500,Posted: 10 September,all,Silverwolf,I hope one day they will fix game but starting to see maybe they are letting it die. Alot of bugs....
,Recommended,496460,26171407,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,LadyChaos,"Alot more fun, difficult, and ballanced than Banished but with the same premise. There are some crashes and lag spikes as an early release but I enjoy playing it, and look forward to the roadmap updates that have been slowly comming out."
76561198049853285,Recommended,496460,28201494,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,นอนหลับฝัน,Although this game is still in early accessit's still enjoyable as i spent my entire day playing this.There're many glitches and bugs seem to annoy youbut not gonna ruin your game.This game has alot of potentialand I hope it'll be even better than Banished.I can say that this game is playable right nowyou not gonna regret spending your money for a game that worth 20+ hrs.This game need to be more challenging though.
76561198032838999,Recommended,496460,25778512,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,PeterXZ,"Love the fact that you are in control of quite intelligent AI NPCs, great stuff, nice graphics, please dear Devs, give us more of this game through more AI NPC's and I'll be throwing my money at you!"
,Recommended,496460,26160912,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,HIKΛL,best medieval builder ever
76561198001966202,Recommended,496460,28718925,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Nazmorgul,"This game is a nearly identical copy of banished, which was was a lot better balanced.I know ths product is on alpha release but has some critical, potentially game breaking flaws. Game looks great, graphics are good. Mechanics are promising but need improvement. It has a very nice, wide variety of options to work with but lacking control can be often frustrating. I would wait until release to pay full price for it."
76561198023666080,Recommended,496460,34995676,Posted: 16 September,all,seeter,"there was an update tonight which fixed the savegame bug.also they added a few new features to the game.cant say if they fixed the lategame bugs some people say they have, some say u can fix them by urself by restarting ur game.all in all i can say this is much better than banished:-better graphics-individual models for one specific building each(i disliked banished and got a refund)"
76561198005913802,Recommended,496460,31006433,Posted: 7 April,all,Vagh,"This is a great game if you love village/city building games that come with a challenge. It only took me a second attempt to get a super  sustainable village with around 100 inhabitants. Hoping for a bit of a more challenge, disasters or something of the like. I do recommend the game though! It was quite fun but I will personally not be playing it until new content comes out!"
76561198115257337,Recommended,496460,29224049,Posted: 13 January,all,reactordyne,"I try to play this game from time to time, but must give up after a short while, as it is VERY stressful for my eyes. If I could shut off the fog effects, it would be no problem. A few minutes in my eyes can`t take it any more.I also do not understand the need for fading the colors as we zoom out. We need to be able to zoom out for planning, it`s part of the fun... Very annoying. Makes my eyes itch.Still giving thumbs up, though. Hope I get to actually play this game soon."
76561198026635584,Recommended,496460,29345022,Posted: 18 January,all,Runo,"A charming game . I love it .Yes it is early access & there are a few glitches .Is it playable as it  ? ..  yes , but I found that due to lack of resource distribution I came to halt .I am assured though that this is being fixed ."
76561198090756512,Recommended,496460,32211403,Posted: 5 June,all,Nate,"Great Ideas make great things, those things spring new ideas to make the previous things better. Banished is done being developed, Forest village  is just begining and has a larger dev team. What Im saying is if Banished was great than this will be great. The Romans did the same thing to the Greeks. They took there ideas and improved apon them. Oh and just to let you know the Romans laid the foundation for western cilization and conquered most of the western world.... Forest village is Rome, and like Rome it will become great."
76561198084478841,Recommended,496460,33128875,Posted: 2 July,all,TK dsgvsdg,"it was great, and you will be able to see your own small village which is created by your hands, and to develop it. you also can establish the achievement of your village. It is decorated by your creativity, and it's a breathtaking idea to build your dream land."
76561198305023407,Recommended,496460,25816273,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,JesseXIII,Really fun managing game . Just need a little bit more of content
76561198060666569,Recommended,496460,25857624,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Skyshadow,"When banished first came out, I played that game for hours. I loved the city building aspect with no constant threat of invasion. When the developers dropped it I was so sad to know nothing knew would come out. I modded it but it just wasnt the same.Then I discovered Forest Village. I've only played it off and on for the last few weeks but I can already tell that in a LOT of ways it is what banished isn't. A lot of the icons and playabilty is the same, so people who played basnished with likely recognize some things. In a lot of ways it is different. It has brought things like teraforming and 1st person aspects which do a lot to improve the game.I look forward to more updates as time goes on and hope the developers actually stick with it.As far as it being early access, it is much farther along than some games. Graphically good, not a lot of bugs that I have run into personally. I would say worth at least watching if you don't go ahead and get it early access!"
,Recommended,496460,25435163,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Hotmelt,"This game is the best i have played this year so far.It takes some thought to get things right.I failed at the first attempt.You will need to manage building and collecting the resources that you need in order to survive.You need to plan ahead for the following seasons or else your villagers will die of starvation,no tools or no clothes.The music is great,would be nice to have some more added though.I havent had hardly any issues with running the game.Only crashed once or twice but that is nothing these days.Keep up the good work with this game devs!"
,Recommended,496460,35204696,Posted: 25 September,all,ZeroOne,"I'm giving this game thumbs up and I would recommend it to anyone that likes medieval survival strategy games.I was waiting to give me review on this game until they released a patch that supports 4k resolution. Well they do now so the menu and graphics are optimized for 4k gaming so that's all peaches n cream now. The game looks fantastic.Now regarding the game play, yes it is very similar to Banished but it has more depth to it and it's definitely more difficult that Banished.I think a lot of people have negative reviews on this game because of how diffucult it is to survive and there were a few bugs in the past that are fixed now.The more people your village has the more food and burning fuel they will consume so keep that in mind. Also your crops will not produce food in the winter so make sure you are stocked for when... winter comes.. heheI still can't keep my 2 chickens alive because foxes or wolfes come and eat them even tho I have 3 hunters in the area but I think I'm close to figuring out how to keep them alive.10/10 would raise chickens again.Make sure you space out your hunting lodges deep in the forest and assign 1 hunter per each at the start, that way if one lodge doesn't have enough game you can rely on the other ones.I build my windmill and bakery just before winter but still didn't have enough time to produce bread so everyone died of starvation.Again, this game is difficult so be ready to understand why your villagers can't survive winter. stock up on wood, clothes and food at fall.Another huge plus for me is that I can see the Devs working on updates for the game."
76561198030786844,Recommended,496460,29986020,Posted: 17 February,all,slcowden,"Even though this game is in early access, it has so much potential as a city builder and as a survival type game. Graphics and art are nicely done whilst game play has a nice depth to it.I recommend this game even though this game seems to be very similar to Banished, I would go as far to say this is the next iteration of Banished. Having said this, this game has similar problems that Banished has. The end game lacks content and once you feel like everything is done you really have no more challenge in the game. Colonial charter and other mods fixed this with Banished.The developers are very modder friendly, even during early access they are willing to work with modders.Game quality 9/10. Keep up the good work."
76561198015872469,Recommended,496460,32132579,Posted: 2 June,all,SamWHK,This game offers me comfort after a busy day at work. Deserves a thumb's up.
76561198052138644,Recommended,496460,33931213,Posted: 31 July,all,LordK,"Cool game, but always after year 10, keep getting save map mem error and cannot save. Tested 3 times."
76561198037230879,Recommended,496460,33953678,Posted: 1 August,all,Seba,It still need to improve.  They slowly release updates. I really like it and give it a credit.
76561198306568144,Not Recommended,496460,34734593,Posted: 4 September,all,lucian.vdv,"My second ever review... a game 99.9% stolen from Banished and the developer childishly explaining in a Patch note what the ""key"" differences are (stuff like, there's a new animal and there are ""vikings"" and ""better graphics"" - is this guy serious?!) and actually throwing dirt on the Banished production.I wouldn't recommend this to my worst enemy. A cheap copy of an excellent game (from Main Menu to UI to mechanics) stepped on and turned into complete garbage.The feeling is you have to fight the game mechanics to achieve anything and everything that was ""added"" to Banished just threw it off course from what it should have been.I would rate it 2/10 just because that Patch note made me laugh."
76561198413647671,Recommended,496460,35072189,Posted: 19 September,all,MaxMotives68,"I don't understand all of the bashing going on with this game. Is it perfect? No. But it's getting better with every patch and there is a fantastic modding community supporting it. In the long run, it's totally worth it.  Highly recommend."
76561198042872161,Not Recommended,496460,34819442,Posted: 8 September,all,lukeclindgren,"DONT BUY ITIt's super laggy, even with the latest and greatest processor and graphics card(s).It's super buggy, with tons of resource management issues.I was really hoping for it to be better than bannished, since the UI and main premise of gameplay seems to be similar, but this is far, far inferrior."
76561198214393927,Recommended,496460,35025101,Posted: 17 September,all,Hastelow,Really like this game and has provided many hrs of fun.
,Recommended,496460,25342244,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,IncsyUK,"Wow this game is amazing despite it being an EA game, the gameplay is addictive as hell and a little frustrating at times but overall this game is going to waste so many hours of your time. In 3 days i have managed to clock up over 33 hours.Want to see what i got up in just one 4hr session, check it out here...www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTVuxpSnYMs"
76561198011580092,Recommended,496460,25370799,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Servoc,Great game keep up the good work! Need to fine tune the food and gathering rates.
,Recommended,496460,25573848,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Jiro the Machine,"Still pretty early on but so far I like it more than Banished, I see great promise. I just wish they worked on improving the landscaping functions."
,Recommended,496460,25376815,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,[- A -],"First Off This Is Not A Banished Clone, some features Might be the same as in banished, remember that both thses games are in a midieval setting.Remember this is an Early access Title and I don't think it's worth $20, but In a few weeks That might change.This game Has a lot of Potential, being able to play as one of the villiagers is a great feature. Maybe in the Future we can battle against Rebels or Thieves or something conttrolling the Villiagers and fighting would be awesome.Conclusion: Right now it's playable and Fun even though There's a lot of things still missing.I Hope The Developers Don't scratch this game or run away woth the money ( Highly unlikely )"
76561198314479519,Recommended,496460,25215441,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,marinateverovsky,"Oh my God, such a magnificent game. Graphics  is fine, I just love such  kind of games. I'd  like to recommend to everyone"
76561197992509973,Recommended,496460,25826755,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,seroga07,"Overall a decently fun game but it needs lots of fixes to be more realistic:-Add multiple people to field over limit to harvest before winter-Better feeding of chicken cooops (only in some games this is an issue)-Auto Chicken or animal farm limit say twenty and then they kill any more than that, automatically.- better optimization of food among houses not 20 to one and nothing to the other-when killing bears, needs to have meat as well same for fox etc...-Citizens need to be able to carry more than one type of item. This is a silly limit. If I put a basket on my back I should be able to put a diverse amount of groceries not just fruit or meat... Sheesh-algorithim or process of food and resource collection should go to nearest avaliable need before the warehouse--So If I chop some wood drop it off at the nearest job site if on the way to the warehouse etc....Since when do kids/child die on their own because their parents move out? Really? Take your kids to the same building you moved too..."
76561198052377869,Recommended,496460,25231925,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,notkrd,"While the game could clearly use refinement, especially in its graphics, it is already very complex and fun. There is more going on and more realism than in the vast majority of colony management sims, and for me it is the perfect balance of high level city planning and watching potatos sprout. While the premise is just like that of Banished, the gameplay systems especially around farming and health, are much more interesting. If you would like to think of it as Banished 2, do, but it is still a great and interesting time."
76561198030922633,Recommended,496460,31189068,Posted: 16 April,all,glouvat,This game is great! Would write more but that would take time away from me playing. Just remember Life is Feudal.
76561197968961007,Not Recommended,496460,32171303,Posted: 4 June,all,[SDF] Fudonation,From around 200 residents no longer playable. Verry laggy. The problem is since 2016 (you can read at the forum) and until now not improved. very disappointing.a pity
,Recommended,496460,25227496,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,pharahswife,"At the time i'm writing this i only ran this game for a couple of minutes, but it gave me a general idea:So far (in the earliest stage of alpha), its almost identical to banished except for terraforming and the first person feature, which is really interesting.However, if it manages to set itself apart from banished, i think it has the potential to be a really good game.For this to happen, i think more features that banished doesn't have need to be added.I think what could be particularly effective could be combat (with bandits or even enemy settlements), and maybe a mining/crafting system, that in my opinion are some of the best features of the original life is feudal, and if made work for a village sim could make it really great.I am going to reccomend this game, because i see its potential and i have high hopes for its future.I am keeping an hopeful eye out for the next updates."
76561198032538670,Recommended,496460,25257161,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,reardon_c,"Absolutely fantastic game!It have been available for 4 days so there are a few issues.  I think the game has amazing potential and many people here have raved about its good bits like the graphics, detail, sound track etc.I would highly recommend it for anyone who likes the survival/building/society development games.However, as I said it still very new so for the developers:1. there are crashes.  The crashes on save have pretty much disappeared since last night's update (thank you!) but there are still crashes.  I have found that if you want to claim a particular resource and highlight a large area, the game crashes.  There are a few other times, but I have not been able to pinpoint them yet.  Still, even if you forget to save, the regular autosaves (without crashes now!) mean you only lose a few minutes of game play.  I can live with that for now!2. The weather is a bit extreme.  For a few months of the year the fog rolls in and I can't see a thing.  I appreciate the sentiment, but it really inhibits game play.  I think the fog should be lighter.3. Chickens.  Really?  I have built several coops around my fully stocked hunters lodges and the one and only chicken keeps getting killed by wild animals. I can live with this, but I then ran the coop manned up (with the hunters lodge manned) and no chicken spawned.  I demonished and rebuilt and got a chicken back, only to see it get killed again.  Not sure if I am missing something or not.Besides these, which you can get around, it is one of the best games I have played in a long time.  I highly recommend it, as I am sure it can only get better!"
,Recommended,496460,30768666,Posted: 27 March,all,NERV,This is brilliant! Life if Feudal fits this MUCH better than the ambitious grind machine it was conceived as. If they develop this side of the game it could be the next age of empires ....
76561198031957591,Recommended,496460,25448198,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,twollnik,Good game !! Needs some tweeks . Needs more types of buildings and food  !!!! ((MARKETS))  More of a detailed list of your food inventory. Exp chicken and cow come up as a beef icon (wtf) same for all vegs and fruits . On the other hand it has way more detail then banished.  I could waste so much time on this game ....  HOLD THE DOOR ..
76561197974508159,Recommended,496460,25446574,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,OKOK,3rd  run. good until a point where game freeze my computer.. hope some patch will fix this.other then that nice over feel.
,Not Recommended,496460,34969203,Posted: 15 September,all,Clywdlol,-10/10 People starving even with 100k food in barns and barns/work/home as close as possible
76561198021663060,Recommended,496460,25440599,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Boris,"Hi guys this is Vladimir’s Justice and this is my review of the LIF: Forest Village.Straight away lets jump right into it comrades. This game is a medieval village simulator that is still in alpha version, which means there are lot of things that will get better. As to the relation with the Banished I have to say that after playing both games (I owned Banished for a while) one could tell that FV is heavily borrowed from Banished. However I can’t say if that was intentional or subconscious. One can argue that both games were influenced and inspired by Settlers games.In terms of gameplay FV has quite a nice flow. First couple of years tend to be the most difficult and then once a player completes building all the structures it turns into a baby sitting game which is fine with me. So if you are a fan of those kind of games, then I would recommend it.The artistic style is similar to the LIF and it is kind of a cool thing if you are a fan of the game. The graphics are pretty nice and the world feels solid. However the first person view feels like a gimmick and didn’t give me any incentive to use it.There are few variables in the starting menu that could be tweaked to raise the level of challenge but it is nothing like the Rimwold for example. Tutorial is informative and gives a player good foundation knowledge of how the game works. The content is still limited and I feel like it definitely needs more filling. Hopefully that at the time of the release it will have more guts to it.There are few features that require more work, mainly stability ( it didn’t crush every 30 min though) and the way terraforming is implemented (personally I think we could have done without it) can throw spanner into the works of a player who like symmetrical planning).My recommendation is that if you don’t mind paying the price, it will pay off in the future. It is a lot of money for an alpha game, and my recommended price would be around 15$ US.If you feel like this review has helped you make a choice please bump it up comrade!"
,Recommended,496460,25181888,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dr.Bear,the graphic is very nice and the game very complex but i think if you play this for long time you will get bored and i feel that. but anyway nice game dev and very funny when u have child 3 years old but his look like 20 years haha. goodjob
,Recommended,496460,25372686,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,hugolapointe,Still in progress but show great potential!
,Not Recommended,496460,33612613,Posted: 17 July,all,Gankdalf,"Life is Feudal: Forest Village sure feels a lot like Banished but it’s very lacking in a general sense. The game just doesn’t feel like it’s been completed. There’s not a lot of building variety and once you’ve played for a certain time there just isn’t much else you can do except build more of the same buildings to make your city larger. At that point it’s just a point-and-click game with not much of a challenge to it.The terraforming feature is horrible because it shapes the ground with exact 90 or 45 degree angles. It just looks bad. When I played I just avoided ever using it due to that problem. Another feature that’s in the game is the 1st person mode which is, in my opinion, completely pointless and does not fit into the graphical style of Forest Village. Up close everything looks real ugly.Wildlife AI is very bad and often walks through buildings and citizens. Bears hang out in the town square and people walk around it without a care in the world. It’s a small thing that ruins some of the immersion.The things that Life is Feudal: Forest Village does well is the real time weather & seasons system. It gives the game atmosphere but without any building variety it’s wasted potential.The difficulty level is based around how well you can prepare for winter. If you are not stocked for winter your entire village will likely perish and you will have to start over.  I enjoy the concept but it’s very hard to determine exactly how much you need of everything to survive an entire winter since the population size will be different each time and children are born during winter. It’s easy to guess in the start of the game but gets very hard when the village reach a larger population.I would not suggest this game to anybody in its current state. Not even during a sale. If you think that this game looks good then I strongly suggest that you pick up Banished instead since that game feels more balanced, got better overall atmosphere and building variety. It’s got a lot of the same features without the negatives of this game."
76561198007957678,Recommended,496460,25167648,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,MrRugila,I like this game personally.
76561198033841740,Recommended,496460,32289032,Posted: 9 June,all,Darredevil,One of the best village simulators out there.Similar to Banished but better.
,Not Recommended,496460,28905820,Posted: 1 January,all,holdoffhunger,"This is an unashamed copy of the game Banished, using the graphics engine of Life is Feudal.The buildings are identical (schools, houses, farms, fisheries, medicinal herb gatherer, firewood woodchopper, barn for food, storage depo for building materials, etc.), resource gathering (stone, wood, ore) is identical, the 30+ or so inventory items (tools, clothing, heavy clothing, oats, wheat, etc.) are identical, the people/item behavior (tool decay, plagues during medicine shortages, how build occupancy works) is identical.  Everything between the two games is identical.Changing the graphics engine on a very recent game without significant graphical improvement shouldn't count as ""making a new game,"" but that's what happened.  This is a total ripoff."
,Not Recommended,496460,25257674,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Cam,"Rating: ⭐⭐Very similar to Banished with a few twists, which is fine, however I do not like the extreme reliance on the terraforming system. Not recommended for now, if it improves after updates I may rebuy it."
,Recommended,496460,25219083,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Atlas1205,"+Rather nice graphic.+First person possession.+Details+Satisfying progression-People(including children) die due to ""inability to relocate"".-Annoying terraforming.-Random crashes (seems caused by saving while ""autosaving"").Overall, the game is worth playing, but has its flaws. Looking forward to further development."
,Not Recommended,496460,25225218,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,York,"I am a big fan of LiF:YO so it was pretty natural to get this. At first it looks pretty good, very much like an overhead view/game of LiF but unfortunately once you get past the graphics the gameplay is where it falls short.Building houses, farms etc is pretty straight forward, but the AI is terrible, you can watch your villager run up to a building/task do a few seconds of work then walks off while another villager comes in to take thier place, this makes the time it takes to complete the work much longer than it should do. From what I could see the AI is incredibly basic and problematic as a result.There is still alot of work to do on this, for now I would recommend waiting and seeing where it goes."
76561198023619655,Not Recommended,496460,32049692,Posted: 29 May,all,Castille,"Overall a good game...but1. It is not finished, core mechanics like cancelling a task and balancing food output needs to be fixed.2. The DEVS rely all too much on the community too make mods, so their game will become more appealing. Which is fine i suppose, Banished did something similair, and it turned out great.3. There is a lack of optimization, which means that when you reach a certain amount of villagers, your game will start to lag quiet hard.4. The terraforming is very lacklusting, and hard to use.5. There is far from enough content to be called a proper game.Do not buy this, but look into this in 5-6 months, and see if they were able to improve the gameplay."
76561198094654096,Not Recommended,496460,28615231,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,[DO][KING]CoMmAnDoX798,"To be completly honest, i'm a little suspicious of this game. This game looks like Banished to me, in a very peculiar way. The UI looks like a copy paste job and check it out for yourself. It's pretty fishy.After trying for 5-6 hours trying to have all my villagers survive, I have still been unable to actually make anything good out of this game. It's just ridiculous now, not having 1 meager house for one homeless person, and the just die. They just die off for some absurd reason just because I didn't have a house for them. Little or no firewood, all these little reasons. In Banished my villagers could survive a day or two without firewood, and I might lose 2-3 people, but in Life is Feudal, you have zero firewood, 75% of you citizens die. leaveing you with 3 people that just cant do anything, thus forcing you to restart or ragequit because your city was going so well until that fatal moment.Uh, I'm so through with this game for now, bears, wolves, coyotes, et cetera, are literally walking into my citizens houses. WTF! There are so many issues with this game I'm just not gaoing to state because this review will just then continue for hours and hours.In Conclusion, so far this game is a complete mess, un-fun, and just plain terrible now. I hope in the future they can fix it all up with a new, original ui, not taken from another game, more-fair gameplay, and even maybe add some steam Workshop functionality.But for now, I'm stuck with this game since Steam won't give me a refund, so here's to the developer, so they can make it better. And make it so that I actually would like to play it."
76561198115086891,Not Recommended,496460,31894818,Posted: 21 May,all,Vman2023,"Forest Village -- Life Is Feudal (Price $25).First, this is so much a Banished Clone -- so much so that ALL the controls are identical. Which makes me wonder about Banished, as the two games have different developers listed. I have seen games do this before and it usually results in identical game play with only slight variation.The only selling point on hind sight for buying this is being about take control of any character and see/do things from a lowered point of view. More like a child's point of view. The controls are too fluidic resulting in difficulties in controling movement.The resource management is fine except that you can easily out pace productivity with population resulting in not being able to get food production timely enough to beat the loss due to starvation.Would I recommend this game? at about $10 -- sure. but $25? NO."
76561198109247233,Recommended,496460,32037709,Posted: 29 May,all,Jaunitta,Very immersive beautiful graphics  addictive game. And it not like Banished. A whole different better game play.I really really recommend it.
76561197990816131,Recommended,496460,32182972,Posted: 4 June,all,Dcads,"Excellent, relaxing game.A few bugs still, but im sure these will be ironed out soon.Got to go, my chickens need feeding :)"
76561198027879595,Recommended,496460,32248159,Posted: 7 June,all,Vee,"If you like chilling and steadily devolping a tiny group of settlers into a burgeoening, veritable metropilis of medievel wonders, this is for you. It's still being developed, but most of the game is pretty well polished. Pathfinding is a bit wonky, but can be worked around (leave your citizens at least a three tile width travel area, helps reduce collisions). Landscaping and terraforming are wonderful additions to the city building experience.Sure, this idea isn't new, it's been around long before ""the other game"" was ever a thought. The excitement comes from new visuals, better graphics, unique implementation, and a more harsh challenges that will creep up on you right about the time you think you have enough food, or enough warm clothes, or enough houses, or....You get the idea. This game will push you. You have to plan, you have to think ahead, you have to GO SLOW. Kinda like real life, eh?Now the bad part. Why...  why oh why, would you guys at Mindillusion stoop so low as to pick on a one man dev team from ""another game"" - a game that inspired you to make this one? Bad form. And the one reason I regret giving you my $25.Pathfinding makes you feel like every one of your citizens was hit in the face with a rock at birth, unless you give them plenty of room. Building at night or in the winter is pretty impossible with the current combination of lighting scheme and highlight grids. You'll find yourself building way more barns than you should need, simply because you can't designate crop harvests, etc, to go to specific locations, as other games have done in the past. There IS a method for re-distributing food so you don't witness starvation on a mass scale while you sit on 35,000 units of food (I have literally witnessed this...  a couple times), but it doesn't come until ""late game"", once expeditions are readily completed. If the mule lives long enough. And you don't mind the fact that it only moves about 50 units of any given item per season or so.There is talk of viking raids being added?  The absence of expressly required conflict is part of the charm of this game, so I hope that it's a seperate game mode or option, if and when it's implemented. Assuming they aren't busy trying to prove LiF:FV's dad can beat up Banished's dad, or whatever.Game, as is:  8.0 / 10Mindillusion PR rating: 2.0 / 10"
,Recommended,496460,32181537,Posted: 4 June,all,rada660,"So, I know a lot of people might hate me for this. But I'll just speak my mind.I don't have a whole lot of hours in the game yet, but enough to tell my thoughts about it.I have more than 100 hours in Banished too, so I can trully do a good comparison still.People saying it's just like banished. They aren't wrong. That's true. I am aware that there IS a lot of stuff that does seem copied from banished, and I certainly can say, it is wrong. But honestly?Life is Feudal still offers a lot more than Banished. And I do expect more from the game than Banished gave.-In banished, You cannot upgrade your buildings. Life is feudal can.-In banished, it is a very simplistic graphic and view model. In life is feudal, you get a massive look improvement compared to banished.-In banished, you don't have sea explorers or anything. Life is feudal does.-In banished, you have... Fish, meat, most crops and living stock, fruits and such. Alright. But in Life is feudal... The wheat you grow, you need to grind it into a flour to make bread. You get more kind of fruit, you get additional processing steps to make pies for exemple. In banished, no such things. Apparently they can eat the wheat directly.-In banished. There is no ocean. Unless you mod it. Life is feudal, on the other hand, only has island, sadly. Could use more terrain type, hopefully later on, more will be added.-In banished, you cannot control your citizen in a 1st person view, and do whatever you want with them. Life is feudal can. In fact, I would have loved that kind of ability in Banished because I've seen so many time my stupid people do other things than what should have been prioritized. In life is feudal, since I can control them, I can make sure that something imporant is done. In time.-in Banished, you cannot build decoration, or castles, or walls. Life is feudal. You can. And I'm talking about vanilla game. No modding.-in Banished. You only have stone wood and iron! which are mysteriously already ingots. in Life is feudal, you have clay and hay too! And the ore is ore! if you want iron ingot you got to smelt it first! Again NO MODDING!I may miss more, but these are the one I can recall perfectly from playing Life is feudal.I honestly love Life is feudal, and I expect to play it a lot more than banished. Because of what it offers more than banished in term of vanilla game.Do not agree with me? Suit yourself."
76561198150295994,Recommended,496460,32429532,Posted: 15 June,all,Mystsarky,"Got this game a while ago, really like the progress it has made and look forward to all the future updates. I prefer it to Banished and now that mods are supported it'll be interesting to see what the community brings to the game also."
,Recommended,496460,32173705,Posted: 4 June,all,Atrixia,"I was enjoying the game a lot at first but then by winter of year two, food started to become scarce. I had 3 hunters and 3 fishermen and I only had 9 adults in my town. For some reason, the hunters just kept getting pelts so then I was having to personally navigate all the teens to go out and get food. I had a huge overstock of pelts and no meat... (There was seemingly no option to tell them not to get the pelts, like there is when you want the lumberjacks to only cut trees and not plant them). But it is a beautiful game, just the food♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off so I will probably stop playing :("
76561198005695250,Recommended,496460,32457153,Posted: 15 June,all,buccaruu,I like the game and hope you keep developing it. There are things that need finishing (I.E. the Keeps/Castle usefulness).
,Recommended,496460,32303450,Posted: 9 June,all,Tallulah,"I have not played Banished. And even though they might be simular games this is a good game! It's very relaxing, the soundtrack is amazing and I love it."
,Recommended,496460,32525421,Posted: 17 June,all,CataLYTic,"Forest Village - great game overall. Still a work in progress, and that shows in some areas of the game. For example, some of the castle buildings don't do anything yet, they're basically just pretty buildings that cost a lot of resources to build. And the patches are....hit and miss. Sometimes they implement a patch and leave the game slightly worse off than it was before.However, the villager management aspect of this game is excellent. It's really easy to get all your villagers doing exactly what you want them to do. The village and all the buildings look very cool. If you just slightly move a building before you place it you can get different variations of the building. It's not a huge thing but it's just one of the little things that help add to the game. And if you just want to enjoy how well designed your village is, you can go first person with a villager, which isn't necessarily very useful but it's a neat thing. Sometimes it's helpful if you have livestock being attacked you can just grab the nearest villager and shoot the animal that's attacking them.I think the most enjoyable part of the game for me is that it's actually pretty challenging. Everything matters. There's really no way to just go hands off and let it blaze through the seasons, especially not at first. You always need to tweak here, tweak there. Compensate here, adjust there. Sometimes you get a good harvest of crops during the warm season and life is great. Other times, everything goes wrong and you don't bring in nearly enough to get through the winter. Things get interesting. If you're me, you just produce so much wool that you can take it to the market and buy some resources. But if you didn't have a guy taking your excess wool to the market over time, you may not have that option. Maybe slaughter a bunch of livestock for a short term meat surplus? But then your milk, wool, egg and consistent meat production goes in the tank for a while. Oh, by the way, you forgot to have your people make warm clothes for the winter. Or cut firewood. Now you don't have enough food, your villagers are freezing to death, and because they're dying off slowly you're losing the very workforce you need to recover.I've seen some reviews saying you can't sustain large populations because of balancing issues. I've got a village of about 200 right now and some 75ish years, and we're still chugging along. It is difficult, but that's a positive, not a negative. It does probably need some rebalancing in some aspects but it's not broken by any means. I've also noticed people complaining about the terraforming. Personally, I think it works just fine for what you'll need it to do.If I have complaints, most of them would actually revolve around the balance of food items. There really doesn't seem to be a huge benefit to using multiple ingredients to make baked goods. The population seems to use the baked foods at the same rate as the raw ingredients, and the problem with that is the baked food takes way more workers, time, resources and buildings to make. Take bread for example, almost the same calorie (or kcal in the game) output as raw vegetables. However, raw vegetables can be eaten right out of the field and bread actually requires a bakery and more workers to make. The payoff for making it is really non-existant.Other issues I have are probably things that will be implemented at some point.  The ""Keep"" building says you can reasearch new technologies for your villagers, but right now it does nothing. One would expect something like carts for hauling large amounts of raw food to be one example of a technology you could research. That way, instead of harvesting a couple crops at a time and having to walk to the storage, the villagers could fill carts and then send the carts to the storage, vastly speeding up harvesting.It's a fun game, looks good, and there's still more to come. Even as a partially completed game it's solid."
76561197991403395,Recommended,496460,33353731,Posted: 7 July,all,MrSmiley,"I honestly and whole heartily recommend this game. I've always like this kind of city builders, where it's you against everything else. And in this game it most certainly is everything against you. A chicken coop; Almost every possible animal. Farming; Winter. O, and on the point of winter, we can refer to it as the great killer.In the first few attempts I played everything according to winter. Desperately trying to survive more the 2 winters, this resulted in a lack of food after a while. Building up population and building up complexity is more difficult in this game than any I played before. Simple because a forester can't collect food, or a weaver can't collect wood or food or anything else that might help you survive.In the end, you'll be building complexity and only use it every other winter, which is a great step forwards. And after that, you slip up and everyone dies of hunger or hypothermia or fire or ... Whatever other cause of death you could encounter...I do recommend this game. You'll enjoy ever second of planning a village. And maybe; just maybe, you'll start planning a castle. So buy this game. Wait for a discount or just buy if it you have the funds. You won't regret this. As a city builder this is an amazing game. Well balanced and highly realistic."
76561198306479687,Recommended,496460,32129511,Posted: 2 June,all,nightskyindigo,"I like this game a lot - and I've found it very different from Banished. The graphics are great and have a properly medieval look. I love the eye-level view. Farmers seem much more important in this game and need to grow resources like flax and hay (for clothes and building) not just food. I like that you have to water fields and both feed and water livestock. I haven't got as far as a bakery yet, but I like the idea that baked goods are more nutritious than basic food. And I very much like the idea of moving goods from barn to barn. The best feature for me, though, is that the forest is itself a character in the game as it keeps trying to encroach on the village - I don't bother with a forester now as the trees grow back on the edge of the village quickly enough to keep it supplied with wood. And, of course, the animals. It's annoying to have your chickens eaten by foxes, wolves and bears (and, yes, I built a coop far too early in the game), but very realistic. It's a slow game as it takes years to build up to enough adults to expand much beyond food production, but maybe all the better for it. That said, it doesn't feel finished yet. The game crashes to the desktop everytime the screensaver comes on, and the main menu looks very basic. Still, I'm looking forward to many hours of play and more features as the developers have said they are continuing to develop the game."
76561198031857557,Recommended,496460,32128661,Posted: 2 June,all,Shadowlee,"people say this game is a copy of banished, The devs even say they were inspired by banished. i myself have not played banished, but I do like this game its fun, challenging easy to understand how to play, I only have 11 hours into it a the monent, as i jump around games a lot, i will be back planing again, also the game is easily modded and ther are good mods already out there.Most definatly worth the money to play, hope you enjoy it as i do, have fun."
76561198208005609,Recommended,496460,30273620,Posted: 1 March,all,brian1903,"love this game, thumps up..it´s a time killer :)but have a few problem, the mill dont move the wheel,and my eggs and whool are getting stockt at there´s field :("
,Recommended,496460,30286694,Posted: 2 March,all,Kolt4D5,tl;dr: its a mildly fun game for someone used to fps games. I'd play more if my stupid villagers wouldn't stop starving to death because they're too lazy to get food. This only started with a recent patch for villagers who end up across the map from their house.
76561197968823585,Recommended,496460,33044637,Posted: 30 June,all,Paladin,Awesome game. If you love city builders this game should be on your list. The game can be very hard to learn but once you know the ins and outs it gets easier and you can build a awesome city.Sure enough there are a few things not currently working fully (there is a keep where you should be able to research stuff but there is nothing to research yet) and currently you can't be raided but the developers said to be working on vikings rading your town.The game also got nice mod support.the game looks very good and its very nice and calming seeing all your villagers just walking about and doing their jobs.
,Recommended,496460,28220118,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ϟpArTan ™,Very fun game indeed. Only problem its still buggy. Especially after terraforming the land.AI doesnt work properly or gets stuck at some point of time. FPS needs to be improve fast.I just hope the devs fixed it fast rather then update new content for now. Other then dat the game is fun and challenging.Still worth buying for now.
76561198277850024,Recommended,496460,28237375,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,___CptBens0n___,"Cool game quite committed to realism and featuring complex strategy combinations. I love the periodic artwork and the challenge - always living on the edge! However there should be an option preventing the settlers from temporarily having kids especially in times of crisis (when btw you turn to the Holy Writs for guidance) or in the worst case scenario do the Abraham and the Isaac thing with a build an altar option. Each time I make a mistake selecting the wrong crop to grow and then run out of supplies, lose half the population and subsequently use the survivors improvisingly to secure just enough food base for them to barely scrape by until the next harvest without taking casualties, my settlers immediately experience a baby boom resulting in tons of extra mouths to feed. That causes another famine and my population plummets again. Then it's basically game over cuz kids will always outnumber my labour force and there's no going back unless you tear down half your homes. When you are building a house a submenu appears on top of the info menu allowing you to select the maximum residents in the dwelling, but that submenu disappears once it's built. Also, I set up a warehouse close to a chicken coop, yet the workers deposit food in a warehease further out but in a direction facing the entrance to the coop. The chickens themselves are a nuissance - but you need them to launch your expeditions - since feeding them consumes all the labour of the workers even when you max out their number that you can assign for looking after chickens, thus they never have time to manage the task of collecting produce. Consequently I spend all the time while the clock is running clicking the kill chickens button to keep their numbers in check down to a level where the workers can both feed them and collect produce. Distracted in such a way, that's where I make mistakes picking the wrong crops to grow resulting in famines. All factors combined, I now wound up with two lost colonies of Roanoke.Now I started a third game painstakingly planning the town pixel by pixel so that everything runs efficiently and stays balanced, and I get just the opposite. Villagers disappear at random without any notification and reason for their deaths in the event log, and kids vanish the moment they graduate from school. In two years my population goes from 44 down to 17 with only a single death noted in the event log. Yeah, I guess at this point the game becomes unplayable, but I guess it was still good while it lasted."
76561197971146316,Not Recommended,496460,34697820,Posted: 2 September,all,DEADCALM,"It’s a very clever game with loads of potential as long as you see it as a beta. There are loads of game killing bugs, villagers stave despite huge amount of food ect. Also the amount of food required per person seems very high, way higher than banished which I was very good at. Major issues need resolving before it can be considered finished."
76561198256131140,Recommended,496460,34875290,Posted: 10 September,all,A-Train,"Really terrific game. Lots of fun and pretty relaxing (especially if you turn off Disasters, because the tornadoes are annoying and always seem to hit your village).I highly recommend the game if you like city-builders, and have been doing a series on it on my YouTube channel. Please check it out for more!https://youtu.be/30hiI22skW4"
,Not Recommended,496460,34907314,Posted: 12 September,all,DougFunny25,"This game had so much potential, and if it was still in development i might give it a thumbs up. Seeing as how it isn't I feel like they never finished. No end game, buggy, Im always missing saves or having things missing from saves, which is extra iritating because the game is very slow paced, similar to banished in speed. I can see some hardcore city-builder lovers enjoying this game, but for anyone else your better off spending your money on something else."
76561198018244591,Not Recommended,496460,27751948,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,oldblue2001,"Game is very, very similar to Banished, but being early access, not nearly as polished. For me there were many issues. Game isn't all that stable. I had some issues getting it to run at all due to an issue with Microsoft runtime install( may have been steam's issue, but google this and you can find solutions) It shows promise, but at the price I expected more. Put it back in the oven, its clearly not done.Tooltips could be more informative, and the grading/leveling terrain system seems flawed to me. After I flattened terrain to build on it, it grided as all red, meaning i couldn't build anything on my newly flattened terrain. All the maps have same small level are to get a few minor buildings started, then you are extremely limited on placement due to the near perfectly flat requirement for most buildings. Forestry lodge will destroy all the surrounding forrest in no time with only 1 worker, with both plant and cut selected. You have to micromanage population depending on season to keep them working. At max speed(x10) its still pretty slow pacing.  Entire villages will freeze or starve very quickly, disasters are random as they should be, but also severe.  Since its not complete, there are no mods. Mods added alot of depth to banished. The build order is a little more deep than banished, for example you need charcoal to make ore into iron, then you can make tools. This is a 3 building progression to make something you will need fairly early. I can't overstate how much like Banished it is. At the very least Shining rock should be flattered if imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.The game could be really good for what it is, if it were finished. For now I would suggest you hold off until its more developed. If I could i would get refund and put the game on my follow list. I will check back in this time next year and maybe it will feel more like a finished project. I'd give 4.5 of 10 at the moment."
76561198083809272,Recommended,496460,33218062,Posted: 3 July,all,akevorkia,Great game to play when u have a ton of time. Mods make it even better but dont try and make it too easy
,Recommended,496460,30176094,Posted: 25 February,all,mihail.perepelkin,"Very nice survival-management-builder game. Learning curve might be somewhat steep, few rough edges here and there, but it's very rewarding once you get through."
76561197996184291,Recommended,496460,30013977,Posted: 18 February,all,SoulessHenchman,"I really like this game. Its entertaining and captivating. My only issue thus far is the frustration I have with the greedy villagers. I put the work and effort into making unique resources only to not be able to use them because said villagers thought they needed the eggs or charcoal. There is TONS of meat, fish, fruit, and veg. . . stay away from the eggs ffs. Same with the charcoal. I am useing that for tools. Not your damn bacon and eggs. All in all Great game, keep up the work and I look forward to many more fixes and upgrades."
,Recommended,496460,26651724,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Neuba_V2,Pretty demanding and fun to play.
,Not Recommended,496460,32935401,Posted: 28 June,all,JaguarLee,"Would I recommend this game?In short: NO, Not Yet.HOWEVER the game does have serious addictive traitsI got this game during the steam summer sales. It was the first civilisation build game I've played. Seeing friends play similar ones such as Banished etc. The game is addictive as hell and you will end up playing hours before you know it.However, The problem I face is with the FPS.I have a pretty powerful PC. Im not lacking in any of my parts. However once I reached over 150 population, Im lucky if I get 30 FPS. I cant speed the timeline up beyond x1 or else I get frame drops and the game is unplayable at x10.Ishouldn'tget drops with these specs:Processor: Intel Core i7 6700KCPU Cooler: Corsair H100i v2 Extreme Performance Liquid CPU CoolerGraphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 4GBRAM: 16GB Corsair 3000mhz Vengeance LPX DDR4 (2x8GB)Overall I would not recommend this game until it gets patched and is better optomised. It is still very fun though."
76561198259825074,Recommended,496460,32430208,Posted: 15 June,all,Mia,"It's very good game, I had searched for similar games as Banished for a long time. Forest Vilage is like a new update of Banished with better graphics and features.But I do not have a challenge, the game is too easy . Please, please insert difficulty settings  :)"
76561198074720971,Recommended,496460,35003758,Posted: 16 September,all,cranium1,"On the surface, this looks like a ""game"" - a nice and peaceful city building/ simulator set in medieval times. However, don't be fooled - in reality it is a diatribe against communism. Because no matter what you do and how well you plan things out, eventually your centrally palnned economy WILL fail and everyone will die.On a more serious note, this is one of the better city building simulations out there. It almost seems like a clone of Banished, but you can zoom in a whole lot more right up to the first person level. Despite having played Banished before, I still enjoyed this game - which means it had enough extra content/ different gameplay to keep me occupied.Pros:-Nice, slow and relaxing gameplay - good for those lazy afternoons-Nice visuals. Unless you zoom all the way in, the game looks pretty good and ""atmospheric"". However, sometimes it is difficult to see things clearly because trees get in the way or when there is a snowstorm. I hope there was a button with which you could toggle these thing on and off so that you could see stuff better when you wanted to.-The music fits the theme - although I wish there was some more variety-Gameplay is challenging enough to keep you engaged. There is a very tiny bit of grinding invovled - it's not like you can expland almost continuously. You have to voluntarily constrain yourself from too much growth because this game is about resource balance and not expnasion.Cons:-There are some things/ mechanics which are not clear. There does not seem to be a BIG community around as well (yet) so you might not find answers online to many of your questions.-More information needs to be provided by the game. There are some graphs available, but more information is needed. For example, I still don't know how much food one civilian eats - which makes it difficult to plan specificially for the winter.-This lack of information leads to a steeper learning curve. Luckily, due to my expereince with Banished I knew that a few specific things like food, firewood, clothing and tools were to be prioritized, otherwise I would have quit in frustration.Undecided:-I place a lot of importance on ongoing dev support these days. Unfortunately, I dont have enough info on this yet. They do release patches and one just landed TODAY, so it seems like a good sign.One more important thing: There are many mods which make the game a bit easier (without feeling like cheats) and you should definitely try them out if you are having a hard time. Even if you dont want the mods which make the game easy, there are definitely some which add  features which should have been in the base game - like the one which improves caravans - and you should try them out."
,Recommended,496460,28825917,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,tseus,"Great game. If you played Banished you will obviously like this one. They are identical twins almost. What I am hoping this game will bring is new content and updates.So far aside from a few bugs the game is very playable and fun and can eat your day away without noticing.The goal here is to make sure your settlement grows and no one dies other than natural causes. It's a nice combination of city building, simulation and strategy. If you like this genre go for it, you won't regret it.Most of the negative reviews are due to the game's lag or the fact that it is so similar to Banished.The game gets laggy when placing paths but that is the only issue that you can really noitice. At last that is the case for me. It all depends on your system but I do agree that a game like this should not lag for anyone.As far as being like Banished: many people that gave a negative review own Banished and gave high marks. So the only reason for a negative review is: ""they are alike"". Well... what a critic!The game IS like Banished. But the game by itself is enjoyable and fun. All good and recommended. And as I said, we might evern see updates and new content which unfortunately we did not get to see with Banished as the creator mentioned early on.So go for it.List of bugs and suggestions here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/496460/discussions/0/152393186487441808/"
,Recommended,496460,34801966,Posted: 7 September,all,PilotNL,"This game is 'going to be' great!Of course it is still in pre-alpha, so don't expect much from the AI yet, or you know, bears who don't bite,..Oh wait a minute,.. not in early access anymore? let me check, oh yea! release version 1.0.6. well,I don't know what to ssssss......#///////^^^^^$***   - Save game error (code: 21 MapViewOfFile error: 8mem: 478) -"
76561197970522312,Not Recommended,496460,34909619,Posted: 12 September,all,OperationDx,The game is more or less Broken.  One of the core assets needed to have a operational village is causing the game to freeze.  maybe if it ever gets fixed I could go into a bit more depth.  But as it is now you can't even get past the first year.It's been like this for at least 2 months.
,Recommended,496460,35077056,Posted: 19 September,all,DoughBoy,"GREAT GAME, it just needs alot of flushing out and balance work, and well, just updates in general. the donkeys and transport system need overhaul and patching (luckly there are a few mods that can fix this) they eat food at a stupid high (tho kinda realistic i guess) rate, and terraforming literally takes years just to flatten out an are for a new set of whatever your making. WOULD LOVE TO PLAY MORE, but only after some updates."
,Recommended,496460,29117508,Posted: 8 January,all,MyBakPoket,"I like this game, but id too see a game of this style that sees you progress through the time line, from stone age right upto modern/future"
,Not Recommended,496460,34841122,Posted: 9 September,all,HRemnor,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEVery dissappointing game. The gameplay in itself is brilliant, but man this game is full of bugs & glitches. Crashes all the time and at the worst possible instances. It would crash while saving the game, and if you get lucky to save it you will get a crash loading it. The devs have not responded with any possible solutions. Apparently they will keep working on the next dissappointing installment but won't work on this one which actually stands a chance as a good game. I just spent 20 hours on a colony after some trial runs but now I can't play as it crashes always, not to mention the Rs 600 to buy this stupid buggy game.I can't stress it enough :-DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, NOT AT ALL WORTH THE MONEY"
,Recommended,496460,35007394,Posted: 16 September,all,Valazcar,This game is absolutly beautiful. Recent updates are great and many bugs have been fixed. I can see a bright future for this game. You must try this game.5/5 keep the updates rollingps. Please fix the foresters starving/freezing to death. nobody in real life is going to chop an oak till they die.
,Not Recommended,496460,32229404,Posted: 6 June,all,Tanklxx,Its a better looking Banish clone.The biggest issue with this game is warehouse managment. I cant tell you how many people ♥♥♥♥ing starved with the ware house down the road full of food. You can transport food with donkys but there are only global caps not ware house local caps.  You think your doing good then find out that all the food has been shipped out and now your farmers are starving. This dosent sound like a big deal but i dont want to sit around and start and stop donky lines when there sould just be a warehouse cap.If this get patched ill change my review because there are no real other isssues.
76561198170748550,Recommended,496460,25797615,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Justafire,"terraforming needs be able to go around builidings that have been placed already, if ou build a building on a flat with a hill at the edge you will not be able to enter it.  so you have to delete the building and rebuild it so the entrance is flat so it can be utilized. kinda annoying"
76561198059126948,Recommended,496460,35455000,Posted: 3 October,all,tombrown7544,Best game of this type ever!
76561198136293892,Recommended,496460,25774098,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,acks12,"this game is fun and the graphics are amazing, but its just a copy of banished, its practicly the same thing, even though this game is way better its just the same thing."
,Recommended,496460,29642744,Posted: 1 February,all,Grave Walker,"After playing a good little bit I figured I would just post a review, Overall this game is a clone of Banished, No doubt about that at all, However, the terraforming, is amazing. If you like banished then this game will be pretty fun!."
76561198005721650,Not Recommended,496460,32728493,Posted: 24 June,all,Jason,"Right now its ok game, needs a lot of sorting out little things to make the game a lot better.Game looks great.The terrain part of the game is a waste of time"
,Recommended,496460,29375601,Posted: 20 January,all,Erfajer,"I would say a better made Banished.Graphics are fine, the system is good but as in the Banished, after few hours and you will just keep expanding for no reason till you run out of space. Banished had mods that can improove the interest but this is getting repetitive.I recommend it, yes but only if you didnt played Banished."
,Recommended,496460,29919832,Posted: 14 February,all,o4zloiroman,"An almost carbon copy of Banished, with better graphics and a bit limited mechanics."
,Recommended,496460,32184263,Posted: 4 June,all,Arnold,LIke Banished with upgrade
,Not Recommended,496460,32163336,Posted: 3 June,all,Futt,"As others have said, it's Banished but prettier. Unfortunately, that's where the improvements end. It's an unstable mess; expect constant crashes. The most infuriating thing for me is that saving the game is what tends to trigger the most crashes..."
76561198110356067,Not Recommended,496460,35050266,Posted: 18 September,all,karismo,The game itself is really fun. If it wasnt for those buggs id love it.- Half of my population died for no reason( i triple checked)- Had to restart my gaming laptop after tabbing out because the window wouldnt disappear (taskmanager behind it/F4 not working)- Autosave sometimes not properly workingAlso cons:Food diversity is good but its just that it doesnt rly make sense to do sth else then potatoes.When building farms etc it often didnt tell me the right number for the ppl which are going to be occupied in there.
76561198260549094,Not Recommended,496460,33470595,Posted: 11 July,all,kiplewis,"I purchased this game rather than Banished because I thought it looked better. This game is still apparently still very unpolished. On my last play I was finally moving off of the beach to behind a walled settlement. I had 29 people, 1400 meat, 1900 fruit, 7300 veg, 9700 grain and 1100 charcoal. I had 2 bakeries producing bread. I had 3 hostels built that showed inventory being added by the people.  3 hostels will house 54 people. I stayed up way too late, saved the game, sleep, off to work. I load the saved game this evening and it shows that 6 of my people have starved to death.  Wait, what? Most of my adults now have medical symbols above them indicating that they are sick. At 10x speed I watched all but 6 of my people starve to death in about 15 minutes. I have 4 barns built next door to 2 of my hostels. The third hostel is maybe 30 steps away from the original barn. I can watch food being transfered from the barns to the hostels. I re-load that saved game and run at 10x speed again. In 15min I am down to 1 adult and 1 baby. This save is now unplayable. The bears are now infesting my village. This was a relaxing game to play while listening to music and forgetting the nonsense I put up with in my current job until it glitched out on me. I will not be wasting any more of my chill out time with this POS."
76561198039185899,Recommended,496460,33575646,Posted: 15 July,all,situmpikmonpseudo,"Addictive. Huge graphics. Still some functions missing but not abig poblem, it will come."
,Recommended,496460,25217224,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Spookys,"Newborn baby moved into a small house on her own without her parents. ""Child Mia died because of inability to relocate""I feel so conflicted"
76561198027039834,Recommended,496460,25231632,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Cunty,"I bought this today, thought I'd share my experience with ye. The game looks beautiful although it definitely feels unfinished. I'm not too gone on the whole weather thing, I know I don't exactly run it on the latest nVidia card here but there's moments when I can barely make out the shapes on the screen and I need to fast forward until it's bright and sunny again.All in all I would absolutely recommend, especially since the team seems to be working away to fix these little annoyances."
76561197998824050,Recommended,496460,25433757,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Freakyhabbits,Great game.
,Recommended,496460,32144078,Posted: 2 June,all,Sydney,8/10 better than Banished.
76561198007281841,Recommended,496460,30292389,Posted: 3 March,all,✠Äŧŧicus∞ŅǾyle✠,"This game is just like Banished, It would be nice to see some castles, churches, men-at-arms kinda stuff in the game since it does seem to have a Feudal-ism feel but maybe that will come in time. Mods would be great to. You speand alot of time switching your villagers from food production to labor production... also.....It would be better to if you could limit the intake of the villagers so they dont eat all the eggs to make make bread and coal for smithing. Im I happy I paid $25.00... NO but I smoke rocks so its all good and I do kinda like this game"
,Not Recommended,496460,34284456,Posted: 16 August,all,The Musician,Asked for a refund. The game seemed boring - this is more of a game if you are looking to relax whilst being bored.
,Recommended,496460,32045514,Posted: 29 May,all,GAMECHANGER,pretty cool game
,Recommended,496460,32048048,Posted: 29 May,all,Dragens.Euci X,"I am not really pleased about the ""finished"" product. BUT They intent to continue the journey and still develope and hopefully make additions to the game. I love the game. And I will give it thumbs up because it is already a better banished and I hope it will get more content."
76561198263555492,Recommended,496460,30208974,Posted: 26 February,all,jaredthecook,"I think this game would have been a lot of fun. Unfortunately, after playing it for a few minutes, the game started to crash on me every time I opened it. I do not know whether this was the fault of the game or my computer (because my laptop is not meant for gaming), but I was unable to continue playing. However, I think the concept behind this is genius and hopefully when I get my gaming desktop built I will be able to play on that.Overall, if you have a PC that can run this, I would highly recommend it!"
76561198086809875,Not Recommended,496460,30531949,Posted: 15 March,all,Zed Basher,I couldn't even get in past a few clicks on the tutorial before I hit a major bug which you can only esc out of the game from.  I was not impressed with the in game performace either - i.e. mouse lag and unintuitive menus. It's not worth spending more time to write about it when I could be playing Banished instead. Thank you Steam for the refund.
,Not Recommended,496460,32272442,Posted: 8 June,all,Rhaina,"I really wish Steam had a different review system.This game is not bad. But it isn't good enough to make me give it a thumbs up either.I saw many people comparing this to Banished. I have never played Banished, so I cannot do that. What I did play though, was the Anno series, and I must say that this game reminds me a lot of those games. Sadly, minus the fun.What bothers me most about it is that there is no clear goal, no competition, no interaction with other players (an AI would be fine for me), nothing. There is no reason for me to expand my village, because my villagers do not want things. *I* do not want things.There are no quests, no enemy, no cool shiny thing that I get at the end. While this may be okay for some people, it is extremely frustrating for me. Why should I expand?In the mentioned Anno for example, you have opponents. You have several islands and other players/AI, and if you don't expand fast enough, someone else will have claimed the island you wanted. The materials are split to those islands, you need to expand and make several settlements to keep your people happy, because you can not grow everything on every island. In Life is Feudal, however, your villagers are also happy with just fish while living in a simple hut.Once you discovered the two or three extra kinds of animals or plants, you can build them on your island. But why? Simply because you can build something, does not make me want to build it. It feels like a very stripped down version of the mentioned game to me, and sadly, Life is Feudal adds nothing new. Sure, you can jump into your people, but that felt more like a useless gimmick to me.I found Life is Feudal fun to play for about 6 hours. By then, I had not seen it all yet because the game is pretty slow, but I have absolutely no motivation to play on, which is a sad thing because initially, I liked it."
,Recommended,496460,25427034,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Thomasbs,"A great game - very much like the game banished, but with the potential to become much more. At the moment the Workshop isn't open - but it probably will be (cause the game is very mod-friendly) after the official release.Graphics are great, gameplay is nice and it is a game you could put hour into.I have never experienced any crashes or bugs (yet) but many players experience crashes a few times an hour - however, they update/patch the game almost every day (or every other day) with new features, bug-elimination and performance optimization, so the problem should be gone within a few weeks i guess. Remember, it is a still an ""Early Acess"" game. And It is quite good."
76561197971930785,Recommended,496460,32021694,Posted: 28 May,all,Dekkard,Im happy with the release but I want more polish.To those who say its a rip off of banished...No it isnt. Its better in practically every way and this is before the tons of mods that will happen.Lets not be kiddies about it lets more on with the genre.
76561198055864352,Not Recommended,496460,33581411,Posted: 16 July,all,Other Larry,"not recomended.  development stopped after realised, little content, still bugs, feel like thay want mod creators to fix it and realise new content.things that bother me.- fixed starting location, cant start a new villige wherever i want on the map.- to few things to beutify my settlement.- ppl geting stuck on buildings.- i would like to se overall more buildings, more different food pruduction, things like theaters that could help keep ppl happy and beutify settlements.- where is the vikings?- where is the (""we wont stop develope the game "" ) patches after realise. ?as of now i wouldent recomend it."
76561198008333538,Recommended,496460,25479785,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,DARKLORD MAXIMUS,The game still crashes A LOT!! but over all a good town building game over all. Still a lot to add and work on though but im sure it will be better once the bugs are all worked out.Pro's - Worked a teenager to death outside in the winter time 10/10con's - crashes every 30 or so minutes. (need faster auto save) and squash a lot of freeze bugs.over all 6/10 needs work but has potential.!!!UPDATE!!!!8/10 most crash fixes are in and the game now runs smooth.
,Not Recommended,496460,30455599,Posted: 11 March,all,robo336,"This is essentially Banished with a Life is Feudal theme.If you wanted more Banished, this is for you."
76561197999953062,Not Recommended,496460,25846358,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,akiemer,"Exactly same game as ""Banished"". Slightly different graphics, but painstakingly slow gameplay especially in the beginning. Would't buy anymore especially since I already have ""Banished""."
76561198069065583,Not Recommended,496460,25218735,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Matt,"This game is more of less a mirror image of Banished but instead of the smooth gameplay and engine it is a much more undeveloped spawn with the only major difference being the first person aspect, which at any rate is highly awkward to use and that unfortunately for me was my main attraction to the game.Granted this game is in 'very' early alpha, it could have the potential to become a masterpeice reguardless to the fact that even the game synopsis is a blatent copy of Banished it's self. Give it 2 years and this game could be worth the £18.99 the devs had marketed it for, however currently, in it's current state I would not pay more than £5 for a game of this stature.And I am aware that the high price is set to help the devs develop the game further, this is a poor excuse considering there is other early alpha games such as 'The Long Dark' that have a much nicer art style, engine and original plot AND worth £4 less than this game on the steam store.Now if you'd excuse me i'm going to go play Banished for a bit..."
76561198052566696,Not Recommended,496460,29444991,Posted: 23 January,all,Atro,Just bought this. Agree 100% with the people saying its a banished rip off. It feels like a reskin with nothing more if not less to offer. I noticed this within a few seconds of playing and by checking through everything in the building options i have no doubts. you can pick up a copy of banished on steam for cheaper than this and theres a ton of mods to go with it. Shame on you devs for bringing nothing to the table. I am refunding this game.
,Recommended,496460,26426716,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,A I Morpheus,"Calming game with a nice atmosphere. Sometimes minor bugs e.g. stucking decrease gaming experience. Up to this date, i like playing it, although there is no long-term motivation - a defined goal, so it might get boring after a while. I dont give any recommendations whether or not buying this game - early access games might have a tendency to be a failure. The choice is up to you.Dear developers, please show us, that an early access game is still worth buying. You have my trust."
76561198056225633,Recommended,496460,26578649,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ohz,"Graphics are very cool, fps quite bad but that's fine, it's just alpha.But terraforming is a pain and destroyed my game experience.I suggest you can build on small slopes, because the terrain is actually very beautifuly generated and i don't want to flat it (and a pain to do so anyway)Meh.Very promising, I refuse to give a negative vote because so much work have been done here, I can see it.Devs, you're doing a great job, don't worry."
,Recommended,496460,26571578,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,alkatraz604,It's a ripoff of banished but much harder and hours of fun
,Recommended,496460,30154407,Posted: 24 February,all,Old_Red_Alligator,Great game! keep up the great work
76561198263254575,Recommended,496460,32204017,Posted: 5 June,all,bhaalian,"its a great game for sure and well worth the money, so well done devs and i look forward to seing what you offer next to the game,however heres a few gripes i think need sorting,firstly you need to be able to manage better who lives in which houses i find i lose lots of crops because people are coming from a longer distance to a field even though theres a house close to it, it makes much more sense to be able to control directly who can join and live in each house,and not this random crap where it just fills up as soon as its built, maybe its a flaw in the mechanics of the game but it would be great to have control over who lives where,second i have awful trouble alligning castle walls and gates i always end up with gaps and ive no idea how to get rid of them other than demolishing them and trying again,the town stone walls work fine just the castle ones are impossible to get i n a line without gaps,apart from that i love the game so well done and keep up the good work."
76561198127733685,Recommended,496460,33722078,Posted: 22 July,all,Iteribus,"Quite similar to Banished as many has noted, but the graphics is much better and now it no longer lags on 10x rainy days like before."
76561197974026700,Recommended,496460,32084199,Posted: 31 May,all,Yusho,This game is Banished build on top of Life is Feudal. Owning both games I think its a really great Idea to mix those two but so far it's really unfinished. Especially since Banished never got finished and development completly stopped I would be carefull about buying this one to early. I just give it thumbs up because I really want it to work this time.
,Recommended,496460,32096113,Posted: 31 May,all,0lives,tip to toe thats a banished also its good and moddable so who cares
76561198332832468,Not Recommended,496460,32825520,Posted: 26 June,all,manuelcaucci,"I started to love this game because it was a better version of Banished. Absolutely ok with graphic and other implemented features (such as terraforming) but a lot of others are still incompleted.I expected that after 6 months (I bought it in december 2016) something very new was improved.Anyway after every city in which I spent more than 5 hours and after having reach 300-400 of population, they all crahs in a exact moment of the game (also if I dont save and I reopen the game).So my answer is unfortunately no..Hope the developer will implement something better, because that is not admissible."
76561198077264908,Not Recommended,496460,26012892,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,downonmyniece,"I adore this kind of game.When I first saw this on Steam, I was overjoyed. I love Banished, but since Banished is so limited in scope, even with mods, Forst Village came as a welcome change of pace.The gameplay is pretty neat and you will certainly have to invest some time to figure out all the little ways in which you can optimise the work of your populace.The music is sweet, relaxing, and well made. I wish there were a bit more variety in the songs, but perhaps that gets added later.Now, I realise this is still early access, but the technical issues I have had with this game make it impossible for me to recommend.My specs aren't great, but not atrocious: i7-6700u (mobile processor) and a GTX 960m (equivalent of circa GTX 950 desktop, give or take 10%) as well as 8 GB Ram. The game runs at 30 FPS at best, and I tried every performance tweak under the sun. Even at 720p with all graphics turned to low, this game refuses to run. I made sure that the game used the discrete GPU, but it doesn't help. And every patch that comes out seems to make it worse. 30% of the time, the game turns into an uncontrollable slideshow.So this game might be worth your time once it comes out, but honestly, don't buy it yet. I usually don't buy early access, I just like this genre so much, but it confirmed once more that early access isn't worth the trouble / money / time.That said, the devs provide frequent patches, fixes and updates via the news function, so I'm confident the game will be playable at some point."
,Recommended,496460,33715223,Posted: 22 July,all,susannah365,Great game!
,Not Recommended,496460,33729220,Posted: 22 July,all,The Parrot God,yea bitbox (publi) you need to actualy finish your games. hope steam ♥♥♥♥es you sometime if you dont<3
76561198197074038,Not Recommended,496460,28771600,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gharing1,"freezes constantly and has to be exited with all unsaved progress lost. Would like to give a positive review, but due to this reoccuring and unavoidable freezing, i definitely do not recommend it."
76561198018172336,Recommended,496460,32179067,Posted: 4 June,all,stein.van.engelen,There are quite a few errors with the mouse. It is fun though it could have been programmed a lot better
76561198328526554,Recommended,496460,25992781,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Dude,banished on steroids
,Recommended,496460,26047173,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,borbak3,"JESUS CHRIST guys. Make this game work, and do it FAST. I absolutely LOVE it :D"
76561198024858977,Recommended,496460,29643871,Posted: 1 February,all,art926,"Recently discovered this game. Indeed it looks like Banished ) And even better. It needs some campain mode and few improvements, otherwise it's a perfect strategy!"
76561197965539023,Recommended,496460,32298292,Posted: 9 June,all,Al,"I definitively recommend this game; especially if you enjoyed Banished. This game is not Banished but yes, it's been inspired from it since we can recognize a fair amount of similarity. We can say it's a banished like type of game. After that said; there is a lot more to do in this game than in Banished so the comparison will stop there.It's a city builder survival game where the paste is more on the slow side. You need to take your time and strategies what you're going to do next. You need to strategically assign your peasants to certain jobs in regard of time of the year and the seasons as well.There is some minor quality of life change that could easily be made here and there. The lack of deatils about buiilding and production chain In-game could be improve. there is alway sthe TAB-out option and look on the web where you can easily find all you need but that could have been in game.If you like city building with survival element this game is definitively for you. Worth every of the penny invested."
76561198145422304,Recommended,496460,33132085,Posted: 2 July,all,Diamond1Anb☆ANQY- Miracle- ♤,Very good game. Has a nice first person view which is fantastic. Good for farmers
76561198172423694,Recommended,496460,32262874,Posted: 8 June,all,CheesyRider,Fantastic game. I've been playing it for half a year or so over the course of its development and it has turned into a great product.
,Recommended,496460,32587902,Posted: 20 June,all,Beugnen,Prettier than Banished even with CC
76561198065194851,Not Recommended,496460,32991230,Posted: 29 June,all,G.Weathermary,"Game is unplaable because the speed button and parts of the menu hide important playing elements.Untill the UI gets fixed, do NOT buy."
,Not Recommended,496460,32160902,Posted: 3 June,all,Daimaoh,"Skip this game. Period.It should be tagged as an early alpha access stage. It is so unpolished, it has so little content and so little replayability that it will tire you within hours of your first gameplay. It is full of bugs. Construction bugs, pathfinding bugs and the AI is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that this game should be called Life is Feudal: Lemmings.You can't cancel if you order your expensive building to be deconstructed by misclick. You can actually build something and render it useless since the folks can't access it. And guess what? It also can't be deconstructed, since they won't reach it. People will reproduce like rabbits if you build enough housing. If one extra villager is born beyond housing capability, you should build one extra shack immediately, or he'll starve to death within a day, since apparently he can't enter the barn standing next to him and grab 2 vegetables.Trading feels more like transmuting. If you need a vegetable pie (recipe: 2 eggs, 3 vegetables and 2 ""flours""), for an expedition, you'll have to build a windmill, a bakery, a coop and it'll take you a LOT of work to get there. Instead, just ""trade"" 2 vegetables for a single pie. Unbelieavable.The crop variety is pointless, the livestock variety is pointles. The game is full of buildings that will do ABSOLUTELY NOTHING (accountant's house, keep, watchtower, stone tower).If you build a pasture, it will start with 1 cow. Did it get killed by at an animal attack, despite you having 3 hunters guarding it? You have to deconstruct and rebuild the pasture to get that cow again.And judging by the updates from the devs, they seem to rely heavily on modding to make this playable and enjoyable. It is just a rip off. Nothing more, nothing less.And I'm also not tackling the ""banished"" issue, but it has already been dealt with by previous reviewers.Also, it costs R$45,99 (brazilian currency).Just skip this. Seriously. Go play RimWorld."
76561198074355667,Not Recommended,496460,32159926,Posted: 3 June,all,kissedbyshadows,"I have tried to play this game on my computer.  I have 8GB Ram (shared though) and a decent graphics card and felt it should play just fine, but not only does it lock up it also doesn't play good.  I've played other games with similar requirements without issue.  Not sure why this one is the exception.  It's very similar ir not exactly like  Banished (which I truly love) but I can play Banished with no issues and I cannot play this one without being totally frustrated.  Maybe when and if they ever get it settled down to where it doesn't glitch or lock up all the time.  It's a shame."
,Not Recommended,496460,32352994,Posted: 11 June,all,Thaine,"Forest Village has some good ideas in it however it fails to deliver an enjoyable game.  The game is largely about waiting for seasons to turn.  Progression is sooo slow even when the speed is ramped to 10x.  I found after population of about 125 the game started to run very poorly even when graphics are turned down to minimum settings (I'm running on i5 16GB with R9 390 series).  Worst of all other than managing growth (by expanding slow) there is absolutely no challenge to the game.  There is pretty much nothing to contend with or against (no baddies, no environmental challenges ... nothing).  Overall the game is a waste of money and time in my opinion."
76561198078868910,Recommended,496460,32233156,Posted: 6 June,all,dub_snap,Let us build on hills!
76561198252508628,Recommended,496460,35022791,Posted: 17 September,all,addiboy31,its a very good game
76561198082487763,Recommended,496460,32009897,Posted: 27 May,all,Cepsis,"Excellent game! It is very similar to banished but feels and looks much more polished. The first person mode doesnt add much more functionality but it is a neat feature. The graphics are much better than banished, but the buildings and functions are nearly identical. The biggest complaint I could voice is the terraforming aspect. Instead of builders adjusting the foundations to a hill you have to try and etch out flat land for a building, which isn't practical or realistic."
76561198007378044,Recommended,496460,32010715,Posted: 27 May,all,Sondos,"If your like me (bought Banished, really enjoyed it but hevn't revisited it) then you'll enjoy this game. Already I can tell it's much better so looking forward to getting into it.However, my advice would be to wait for a couple of big updates to come down first. Then I see if being an awesome game.At the moment there are too many little things that will hold it back from feeling like you can get into the game, some examples:All villagers look the same. Male or female thats it. It's like a little village of clones.Grizzly bears walk around your village and neither the bear or the villagers seem concerned.No way to cancel actions... make an error terraforming and you'll be loading your last save.Gets a thumbs up. When all these little issues are cleaned up it will be a great game. But looking at the price the game currently is,, I think you will enjoy them game much more by putting it on you follow list and picking up down the line."
76561197982270568,Recommended,496460,32182501,Posted: 4 June,all,joos_bove,"hi there,Love the game and the setup.I miss more buildings, but otherwise its great...Oh yeah it keeps crashing when I save...!!Please fix this"
76561198068931316,Recommended,496460,32202380,Posted: 5 June,all,exotrax,"Most of the negative reviews are because this game is to similar to another , well all games are similar to eachother.It's a great and unique builder game and I love it , and recently updates make it even better.Worth a buy !!"
76561198008628748,Recommended,496460,32119762,Posted: 1 June,all,Havok -Nomadic Rogue-,Besides some minor things the game is overall enjoyable. I find it relaxing. Music score is good also. Some say this is similar to Banished. I say.. ok. Ill try that next since I like this one. One thing I'd change is the number of autosaves saved need to be increased from like 5 to 100 saves as an example. I've found that helpful correcting a mistake like falling Sleep at the keyboard waking up and all have starved or died from cold.
76561198037489420,Not Recommended,496460,32353462,Posted: 11 June,all,shivermetimbers,"I have a decent pc and this game runs just aweful. Tryed many different settings over the last 30 hours and still it runs♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. Once you get past a certain point, as in amount of people or the size of the village, the game ♥♥♥♥♥ it's self and it's litterally 5 fps until you save and leave the game and reload but that is not always gonna sort it out. Sometimes it's a full restart. That is not acceptable I'm afraid."
76561198030256310,Not Recommended,496460,25200288,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[30K] The Boss,"Well, this was a letdown.Its a copy of Banished. No news there.The villagers die of hunger, when they are next to the food.Terraforming takes too long. I expected it to take some time, but this is absurd.The game crashes at the oddest places, and the Auto Save dosent always seem to work.Even though the First Person idear is rather nice, its way too sencetive, and basically all you can use it for is to move around and look, or make a villager do a job he wont go home from ever again, so he starve to death.Generally, its a way too expencive game, for an early acces, with copied contents from another game."
,Recommended,496460,25403493,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Floki,"Reminds me of old stronghold crusaders castle build mode where you could run your own peaceful kingdom with random encounters.This gameplay set into the Life is Feudal engine suits very good.Strange thing is the flattening you need to carefully plan what areas your about to flag and remember to add building length + 1 for this..They added a smooth tool for one high so its nvm.Much potential cant wait for more contet to be honest.I realy love the butiful art used inside the game which is realy joyable even on low spec computers (q6600 4*2.4 + GTX550TI 512mb + 12GB DDR2 RAM).My advice: Wait till roadmap gets published and game gains some more stability, but after this BUY IT if you like games were you build cool cities and like to watch them growing :pandastunned:got much better after some months of EA :)"
,Recommended,496460,25640871,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Supreme Grand Master K. Draigo,"I really like it, not more than Banished but also not less than Banished, still Banished has a little plus, it has Workshop support, Life is Feudal not.EDIT: Terraforming simulator 2k16"
76561198151506390,Recommended,496460,25796118,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,renewd gamimg101,the game from what i have seen is actually pretty good bt i would like it if the developers made a very low seting for the resiloutine and every thing else so its can run on other computers better sorry for the crappy grammar
,Not Recommended,496460,26183448,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,PimPy Butcher,"This game is a copy of Banished, the only difference is that you can go in to 1st person view in this game.. If you don’t have Banished, then you might want to buy this game but if you got it … don’t buy it again."
,Recommended,496460,31541541,Posted: 4 May,all,stankiem,"Starting to enjoy this game quite a lot!  It's very similar to Banished, but has enough of it's own flavor to stand by itself.  It's slightly more realistic feeling and things take a bit longer.  Where as Banished edges more towards a city builder, this is more a survival game in it's pacing.  $25 might be a bit much, it's a tad bit light on content.  $20 would be more appropriate for now IMOhttps://youtu.be/9243ncj48Y8"
76561198017406246,Recommended,496460,25415324,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,cta2c,"The village of 40 people, it is impossible to play the game crash for an hour games- 8 times, when you change the time of year, you want to change the road again, followed by the crash and the game lags.  No adjustments warehouses that would prohibit this or that product supply and logistics to establish in the village. there is no possibility to adjust the residents in their homes, if you have 5-6 houses and you put a new house, it resettled with each one citizen and in the same year you get 6 children who want to eat. yet much can perecheslyat, the game is very crude. I hope the developers read the comments and consider certain proposals and wishes of the players"
,Not Recommended,496460,25207702,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Wulfery,"After a short while of playing, all I can say, that it is a complete rip off from Banished, with only slightly improved few features. It's not worth getting it, after you get Banished. I'll be even adding up a review on YT Channel, going over what is ok, and what is not, but for the price, and for what this game is based off - I will only say, that I do not recommend getting it by anyone. Better get yourself Banished. Really."
76561198014572411,Recommended,496460,25230217,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,chocolateontheroad8,If you like banished and have spare cash you will like this. It is almost like a remasterd buggy version of banished the controls and menus are exactly the same as well as your aim. At the moment it is a bit buggy and does crash a lot however I can imagine this game becoming very addictive and fun.
,Recommended,496460,25233985,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,eire123,"Really good game overall. Similar to Banished, but the changes are significant and make the game more challenging. Slightly pricey but I think it will be worth it in the future, especially with the huge potential for mods."
,Recommended,496460,31739870,Posted: 13 May,all,TheFeralRobot,I absolutely love this game. A great game with tons of content and great new additions all the time. While this game draws inspiration from banished it has far exceeded and expanded on the banished experience. A true gem.
,Recommended,496460,25537839,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Arami,"It's a pretty good city builder and it's a solid Early Access title. It is similar to Banished but different enough to stand on it's own. I have rarely had a crash on my computer, but I'm one of the lucky ones."
76561198095528917,Recommended,496460,25254794,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,$ail~,"Kinda werid for running and i go much past the recomended, werid random occurances of just shutting off other wise the gameplay itself is quite good, seems like a game to get many hours on, im excited to see this game grow more and become better! hopfully it comes farther and doesnt get abandoned like many other early access games on steam, (PLAY HOURS ARE INCORRECT I PLAYED OFFLINE ASWELL) COOL GRAPHICS AND UNIQUE TAKE EVEN IF IT COPIES ANOTHER GAME THIS GAME IS STILL 7/10 GAME RECOMEND IF YOU NEED SOMTHING TO DO AND GOT SOME EXTRA CASH"
76561198065064702,Recommended,496460,25437916,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MaySa_Gum,Nice game
76561198328372279,Recommended,496460,35356809,Posted: 30 September,all,smudge.bluesman,love game hate crashes
76561198007176834,Not Recommended,496460,35136371,Posted: 22 September,all,Machete Jake,"This game is like a lighter lesser feeling photo copy of Bannished.  Lighter on interface and empty feel game play compared to Bannished.  By meaning the menus, info screens, over all building management and play of Bannished has a truer feel to it.  It just has that miss the mark game play feel compared to Bannished.  Yes I'm comparing it alot to Bannished because the two games are the same with only a few things different.  Yes it has new raiders and such but I find Bannished where nothing goes on more exciting and holds my interest better.  If only Bannished copied the few changes found here it would complete it.   Owning Both have to say Bannished is still way better.   Nice try though.... hopefully Bannished 2 takes your ideas and I'll use the return money from this to buy it."
76561198052062363,Recommended,496460,35111837,Posted: 21 September,all,pomer2222,"Step up from ""Banished"". Very nice city management game."
76561198022170332,Not Recommended,496460,35486092,Posted: 4 October,all,vampirex.x6,"It isn't worth it. I had plenty of housing, plenty of food etc. I destroyed the first 3 shacks you get at the start of the game, my pop was 78, as soon as the houses were destroyed, I not only lost the occupants of the 3 houses, but EVERYBODY started dieing of starvation.Not happy."
76561198168852163,Recommended,496460,27188759,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,geothai,"Banished but beautiful and even more immersive. I'm really enjoying this game.Late game became a bit boring, it's very unbalanced, most of the buildings are useless, all you need to do is to plant potatoes and build houses, the happiness is too easy to reach so there is no real aim. However there is some good mods appearing which makes the game interesting again. I'm trying Revolution Mod Extended V. 1.3 which add a lot of function to each building and makes them necessary to develop your city"
76561198166304212,Recommended,496460,25169845,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,OldButNew,This is my 6th edit to my review.My city is now 61 years old and going ok but it seems i may have reached the limit of the game performance since the program keeps shutting down during the game. So I have top of the line PC and video card and it seems the pop cap is around 400. Still recomend the game but wish i could do more!Here are some tips i learned the hard way.-make sure fields are well spaced. Villagers seem too lazy to walk across the map for food and would rather die-wells and pyrs well spaced throughout your village-run at around speed2. If you go much faster you will not be able to manage workers-as soon as you can build roads where ever you see villagers walk-teraform teraform teraform. Mainly use ramps and flattening.-make sure to have your favourite beverage beside you and pause before going pee!The game is fun to manage.
,Not Recommended,496460,33945129,Posted: 1 August,all,robbie.grimm,"The developers did a tremendous job in copying BANISHED very accurately. However, the graphics and effects are not appealing to me. And the day/night cycle does not make any sense while playing. To this, the graphics is sometimes so foggy and dark that the game gets unplayable. And who needs the first person avatar view in the first place. Now, I will go back to play BANISHED again. FOREST VILLAGE is for me just an eyecandy migration of BANISHED and does not offer anything new or more, except some better looking houses and castle buildings. Besides, a lot of bugs are not fixed yet."
,Not Recommended,496460,26360942,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Tommy the Truck Tater Tot,This is not much more then a copy of banished. if you modded ur banished you are better off.minor improvements have been made. but paying this price for it is just not worth it. escpecially since it is in early acces
76561198120874658,Recommended,496460,32005212,Posted: 27 May,all,Liam32,"Great game, good graphics and wonderful gameplay. I am a serious gamer and I played for 12 hour and am still playing!!!"
76561198020852954,Not Recommended,496460,25384196,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,JoKeR,"Medieval farming simulator.All you seem to do in the game is feed the population ot grow the population & thats it. There is no variety in the food you get fish, meat, vegetable, fruit, eggs & milk (no ale because the tavern is broken) This system makes the port totally pointless because fruit is just fruit meat is just meat veg is just veg.I'd  like to see the port used to trade items & a market or something   The mill pointless because pies are just another food source.The standard clothes are suffice I have never had the need for the winter woolies. Stone roads are too expensive at 4 stones per tile so dirt roads have to do. The 2 song get repetative too. I Know its still in dev stage but for me the game needs a complete resructure of the food system making beef beef & not just meat & so on & so forth & make them a commodity to barter & trade with, Have different classes of citizen when the food changes from just fish to fish pie etc. But I can't see major changes like these happening."
76561198137806550,Recommended,496460,25501414,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,devon290900,boring and overcomplicatededit put in a little more time and effort the game actually gets pretty fun
76561197971284651,Not Recommended,496460,29127480,Posted: 8 January,all,Bad Jim Gripweed,"Let me just get this out of the way first: Yes, this game so closely resembles Banished that there's no point making any arguments. And just like Banished, if you like these kinds of sims, you will get about the same experience playing LiF:Forest Village. It's an engrossing game. But it's kind of a head-scratcher as to why someone would reproduce a two-year old game in such overwhelming similarity without more to deliver than this.It feels early access, definitely, so it comes with all that pre-release games enjoy; not everything is quite polished yet, not everything seems to be hooked up yet. The interface is very limited with regards to keyboard commands so the control leaves a bit to be desired. However I found the performance was fine - perfect in fact - with absolutely no issues that others seem to have experienced.Is it better than Banished? No, of that I am certain. The graphics are an improvement and the developer is obviously trying to build more complexity into the game with some backend ecosystem mechanics that Banished doesn't have.  But added complexity doesn't translate into a better game, and that ultimately is the issue here. I found the graphics were an improvement but it didn't improve the gameplay. Not having to buy seeds and such from a trader was nice, but it didn't improve the gameplay. And while Forest Village tries to allow for more control over the environment by providing some terraforming controls, overall, I found the layout and building interface to be a little too fussy. And fussy does not make for fun. It just makes for fussy.Bottom line is that if you enjoy Banished, you're probably not going to get a big boost playing this game - yet. I see the developers have a lot left to do before their March 2017 release. I'm looking forward to re-evaluating at that time."
76561198006522379,Not Recommended,496460,28902496,Posted: 1 January,all,Fulgrim,"this is 100% copy of banished, with less tool tips... I saw the reviews saying its a rip off of banished and I didn't believe.about 3 new buildings everything else from resorces, UI, and gameplay is the same. except slower."
76561197985345885,Recommended,496460,25180098,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,David-Alessio-Enzo,"Très bon jeu je suis assé ravi du graphique et du reste du jeu ( j'attendais avec impatience ce jeu) il serait bien dans les prochaines mises à jour pour ma part avoir deux choses essentielles-Avoir les déplacements souris sur le bord de l'écran ( sans être obligé de toucher les flèches du clavier -Et se qui est assé embêtant quand on est en pleine partie, ont est obligé de quitter le jeu pour avoir accès au menu principal pour le reste je n'ai rien à dire j'en suis comptentVery good game I am delighted assé the graph and the rest of the game ( I was looking forward to this game ) it would be in the next update for my part have two things-Have Mouse movements on the screen edge ( without having to touch the keyboard arrows And if that is assé annoying when one is in full party have is obliged to leave the game to access the main menu the rest I have nothing to say I'm count"
,Recommended,496460,25242880,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Chonto,"Honestly, this is better than the original."
,Not Recommended,496460,25474794,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,trix463,"Potential to be Banished V2.0, but it is still an obvious work in progress. If you enjoy crashes, lag spikes, vague amount of options which you can edit, then this is the game for you at its current state. My suggestion is to wait until a more stable build to come out before you buy it.If you are a huge ""Banished"" fan like myself, then do not buy it yet.PS: I would love for there to be mods, so please give us a way to do that. The modding comunity will keep this game alive after it is further along."
76561198104066243,Not Recommended,496460,26317608,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,leequiring,"Have you ever watched a man on stage spinning plates? Go look up a video, and you will see what I think of this game. I gave it more than 30 hours, waited weeks for improvements then played it again, read all the conversations, tried all the tips, and started half a dozen villages. The end results are always failure or general disappointment. It's a visually appealing game, and that's the only thing making it worth playing. The game requires so much attention on all levels, it's not possible (for me) to ever just watch it and enjoy. Always something to tweak before disaster falls.Unfortunately, it is too late for a refund. I spent too many hours trying to make it work. That's sad, because I will never play it again.Pros:Beautiful scenery.Cons:It goes far too dark at night, but work still gets done, creatinga a lot of wasted time in a game that needs excessive micro-management.Chickens are candy to the wildlife, even with more than adequate hunters. When they get eaten one by one over a short period of time, you have no alternative but to tear down the coop and build again.There is no trade system, you can only advance by expeditions which may, or may not, succeed, but you never see them in action.Terraforming is crap. Stretched scenery, ugly results and the risk of destroying navigation make it just plain stupid as a technique for construction.I believe you tried to make Banished what you thought it should have been, but FV is missing the simple fun of just watching a balanced game play itself without the need of constant oversight."
76561198008019798,Not Recommended,496460,29815220,Posted: 9 February,all,neason080,"This game is a medieval city builder/suvival sim. For those aquanited with Banished this game almost certainly used that game as a base with the intention of building on it. The basic premise and gameplay is the same although time may progress a little more slowly. The majority of the buildings are also essentially the same.How the game differs as of thise time it does include a few new buildings as well as upgrades for some others. It incoroprates things like different potenital birth rates for different dwellings. It also includes a few new features that are presumablely still in development. These include predators (bears/wolves) that at this time eat your livestock or birds that can eat your crops. Also in introduction of illnesses that can run thru a village desimating the population.The graphics are upgraded and look very nice. The camera allows you to get right down into the village including inside the buildings which are more than empty shells. The game seems to play in sandbox only mood at this time but seems to run quite smoothly with only minor issues here and there I'll get to those below. Considering that this is still early access buying the game at this time is essentially for one of two reasons.1. You want a city builder in this historical era never got banished and figure that the major graphics upgrade and promise of a more extensive experience is worth the extra $10.2. You like banished and wished it was more extensive and wish to support development of this title and believe it will push the game in directions you find interesting enough to put up the funds.pros+Nice new graphic upgrade+Some new and potentially interesting additions and features although most still require further development gives the game room to grow.+mostly stable game few major bugs found thus far.+maps are nice size allows for plenty of room to growCons- not really enough well developed new content seems more like a banished mod than a new title- camera has some issues with the environment especially zoomed in it can be a bit hard to see paticularly in thick forested areas also doesn't really zoom out as far as most city builders do which means long term city planning can be a bit more difficult, the mini map is also pretty much useless for this or any other function at this time.- Tutorial needs to be a bit better than it's current state new players won't really get a good handle on what they need to do to give them a chance to get a basic village up and running.-Game seems to  currently only support windowed mode it seems can futher complicate camera control.** This next one is not really a con as it's early access but it should be noted considering the asking price.- Many supply chains and new features appear to still be in some phase or another of development creating some odd but non game breaking behaviors gives the game an unfinished/ rough feel IMO.So what's the verdict. I would probably say yes as the game is certainly worth having in your library and it will doubtlessly get better before release. How much better well that depends on how you interpret the road map and what your looking to be added.One thing makes me say no at this time the fact the game price will not change from early access to full release unless you meet one of the two criteria mentioned above. Your really not losing anything to wait and see what the final product will look like and even wait a little past that to see what the vision for the game is post release. It was pretty close call partly  because I already have banished but I have to give this a thumbs down for now I hope to update this review and my choice post release."
76561198125736739,Not Recommended,496460,30545944,Posted: 16 March,all,Endar the Great,"TThis game has great potential but as of now it's not worth the trouble.  I couldn't play for more than five minutes without the game crashing.  I feel I would really enjoy it if it worked, but I can't recommend at this time."
,Recommended,496460,25349578,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,MrDreiPelot,Heeey thats pretty good!
,Not Recommended,496460,32480688,Posted: 16 June,all,SheAre,"Is total food consume by one ""baby"" same with total food consume by one ""adult""??I always hit ""not enough food"" because babies.7 adults (work as food gatherer) cannot provide food for 11 adults and 7 babies??If I add more adults to work as food gatherer, how you can expect me survive harsh winter.I regret that I bought this game."
76561197962453131,Not Recommended,496460,32404040,Posted: 13 June,all,Badajoz,"Hmmm... yes and no. Yes because it is hard and it is good until you get it figured out. No because after you have sunk a heap of time into the slow simulation there are some MASSIVE and obvious bugs that destroy you, e.g. Barns that fill up with hides which you simply can't fix. You can't destroy, you can't sell, you can't set a resource limit. I get the feeling that the devs just gave up fixing stuff as that's a game breaker and a simple fix. Overall a no because whilst I did get my value for money, it is nasty to have to give up just when one is making progress."
76561198019073989,Recommended,496460,32034622,Posted: 28 May,all,961414077,"Great potential! Very fun seeing what you have established within a dynamic living village.After playing X rebirth, The guild 2, space engineer, Ark, dont starve, factorio....... LV is very relaxing and enjoy to play."
76561198128929970,Not Recommended,496460,33203121,Posted: 3 July,all,johnny_dingdong,This game sucks. Its pretty much banished with slightly better grafiks but without any of the problems of banished solved.
76561198086801545,Not Recommended,496460,33824760,Posted: 26 July,all,smittytime51,Until this game gets a substantial update i cannot reccomend it. It was fun for the first few hours but gets dull very quickly...
76561198093601128,Recommended,496460,32049273,Posted: 29 May,all,Horne Lord,"I didn't play banished so unable to comment on previous reviews, though I did play Settlers back in the day.Have to say I have been addicted to this game for the last two days.Have had some really tricky moments keeping everyone fed but finally in a position to do some mega builds!I dare not go on again today since every time I look at the clock, 5 hours seem to have disappeared."
76561198011775216,Recommended,496460,32037388,Posted: 29 May,all,Effishant,">first play through, whole village gets wiped out in the winter in year 2 via hyperthermia because I didn't prepare enough firewood/clothes.>second play through, builders get stuck pathing into my weaver house on the way to my port to construct a ship and all die of starvation before I realise what had happened. Deaths caused sickness, sickness wipes out the town. I was in year 1010/10"
76561198009023515,Not Recommended,496460,33261118,Posted: 4 July,all,jason_tift,game isn't bad but once you build a populatin of 105 people you can't speed time up at all.
,Not Recommended,496460,33421890,Posted: 9 July,all,Brusali,"I'm not sure why steam says i only have 10 hours on this game, but I've been playing it for a while. I should have close to 50..BUT when I saw that they did the full release I was confused because the game didn't feel finished. It doesn't feel polished the way Banished does. Banished has a truly great flow and I bought this game thinking is was gonna be Banished + without having to install mods. To a certain extent it is Banished +, but it has a very --unfinished/unbalanced/we were thinking of changing this -- vibe.I'd stick with Banished and use some of the mods on the workshop. It'll be cheaper than this game."
,Recommended,496460,33422180,Posted: 9 July,all,jaiveersinghsidhu,The mouse is very uncontrolable but better than Banished in terms of graphics. And maybe the game should provide more flat surfaces.
,Recommended,496460,32113777,Posted: 1 June,all,gilbertmagro,Great game. Could use some extra features. Worth buying
76561198101740629,Not Recommended,496460,32313029,Posted: 10 June,all,destwong,the same keep crashing for some unknow issueMaybe too early to  buy this game .....
76561198025303068,Not Recommended,496460,32244818,Posted: 7 June,all,jjulinc,"Can't get the game to run. So I wrote to the support, but no answer.So I guess right know I wouldn't recomment you buying the game. :-/"
76561198002054454,Recommended,496460,25469582,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,peak oil,love this game it hard ty
76561198149783149,Recommended,496460,26973403,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zucara,This game needs a lot of TLC and I knew this when I bought it BUT it has a ton of potential and I believe in the developers and trust they are working on making the game better every day :)
76561198081670151,Recommended,496460,32167189,Posted: 3 June,all,maroha3814,Basically it's Banished but better in every way.
,Recommended,496460,32499363,Posted: 17 June,all,LarsFalgren,It's pretty much a better version of banished
76561198147387145,Recommended,496460,32485960,Posted: 16 June,all,Holocaust.2,"Nice game, good graphic. All of the game features are under development for time being but it's getting better. The game mechanics is simple yet still entertaining."
76561198017560798,Not Recommended,496460,32853805,Posted: 27 June,all,seahorse.16,"I am starting to get really really frustrated!!  What started off as intriguing is now becoming extremely aggravating.  People are starving to death or dying of hypothermia even when there is food and shelter for everyone???  Even having plenty of housing does not get enough people even for the basics of hunting, fishing and gathering.  Gaming is totally out of balance.   Sadly I am over the two weeks or I would have asked for my money back!!  Good start but needs lot's of work!!!"
,Recommended,496460,33331623,Posted: 6 July,all,Sacred Sloth,Needs multiplayer but still a great sim 7/10
76561198065307485,Recommended,496460,29609740,Posted: 31 January,all,Jeff,hey...thats pretty good
,Recommended,496460,27713349,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pew,Banished on Life is Feudal engine and first person view possibility.
,Recommended,496460,32218201,Posted: 6 June,all,Gittons,"It is like banished but better.Really, more to build, more stuff in updates to come and there is allready mod support.If you like building little medevil towns where the fate of the town balances on who is working what then this is for you."
76561198039040694,Recommended,496460,32222820,Posted: 6 June,all,kreia,wow everything banished should have been but failed flat on its face devs i thank you rare i belive in ea games but your making a helluva good start
76561198092748476,Recommended,496460,32209236,Posted: 5 June,all,DUKEYBABY,TOP GAME! loads of fun :)
76561198084690237,Recommended,496460,32070503,Posted: 30 May,all,Kessler,"So far so good, Not usually do i impulse buy but im a big fan of both banished and life is fedual (100s of hours gameplay) and so far this game is really good, a lot better than banished so i dont understand the upcry about it all its good to take elements from games you enjoy and make a new better game with them surely. LIFFV Is more realistic too, naturally they will be bugs but the development team are more professional andare going to be updating more frequently (Not like  , for example urban empire where it was completely abandoned).LIFFV is more realistic and includes a greater in depth gameplay with a lot more options and choices, as people have mentioned such as wild animals and terrforming and customising your terrain, it feels a lot more immersive and unique than games such as banished also and the villagers will only eat in their houses and have more detailed profiles etc. Hopefully theyll add even more content and fix the bugs in it but i definately think its worth the £20 or so i paid for it for now and im a big fan of these style of games but still early days."
,Recommended,496460,33729520,Posted: 22 July,all,Phaelen,Great Game. Basically Banished 2 lol. but im definately giving it the thumbs up!
76561198002073999,Recommended,496460,28835649,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[Line of Eld] Cuthbert,"The game is adapted from Banished, and driven by the LiF landscaping engine.  Impressively well done."
,Recommended,496460,28843297,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ashpence,"This game is definitely challenging.  Citizens spend the bulk of their time eating and warming up, so it's a constant balancing act of stocking up food and trying to terraform the surroundings into something usable.  Sick citizens often continue working until they die unless you take control of them and take them to the healer's shop, assuming you can manage to get one built.  They also often walk past houses while they're hypothermic.  I had dozens of mass extinctions after a lag spike.While the challenge can be fun, this game seriously needs an easy mode where citizens only need to eat half as often, they last longer before dying of hypothermia, and/or double the resource output.  There is absolutely no learning curve.First person view needs tons of work.  I'd personally prefer close third person view when taking control of a character, but I'd happily settle for a way to turn off mouse-look and add some text to explain what the different skills do. As-is, I find first person view completely useless unless I'm directing a sick patient to a healer's shop.Despite the game's issues (understandable in early access), I'm loving it and I'm looking forward to seeing how things will develop over time."
76561198328770989,Recommended,496460,25597560,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,RafaMx,"You are really doing things well with the game, but you need to increase dificulty level, or will result in a very easy casual game.... and people forget easily those games"
76561198001502302,Recommended,496460,34471831,Posted: 24 August,all,Kinesis,"I've put in about 20 hours into the game so far, and I never played Banished.I'm addicted right now, the game is very engaging and makes you want to continue building and expanding.The amount of time you put into the game (bang for buck) value is flexable and completely based off your experience and choices. I've had a year last me hours before while another I'll fast forward straight through it.As far as bugs I've encountered one and haven't dealt with since the first and only time its occured; being the save memory error.Animals not interacting with people could be considered a bug I guess or lack of effort from the devs but the rest of the game is pretty fleshed out so I just find it funny the critters don't do jack except roam.I'd really like to see even more micromanagment of individual professions and resources. ie select which houses pull what resources from what warehouse/barn. Make people work endlessly until starvation or give them 2 jobs they can split the load on their time ect.Also some more interactions with people and buildings would be cool.I absolutely love the seasons system, it's quite realistic and changes a little each time. Winter might stretch into Spring and Summer stretching into Fall is fun and keeps this interesting,I would definitely recommend the game if you like slow yet satisfying strategy games."
76561197991251572,Recommended,496460,34491735,Posted: 25 August,all,lowLYF,"It's a beautifully made game I think. Yes Banished and this are similar. I have both, play both and enjoy both. The zoom in option is what seperates the 2. If you dont care much for the zoom in, get banished, if you want a point of difference, get this. Or do what I did, and get both."
76561198167941878,Recommended,496460,34513111,Posted: 26 August,all,Rajun Eskimo,not a bad game will still play even tho there are some major issues with the ai being stupid not eating when u have loads of food. i do still recomend this game as it looks great and its general concept
,Recommended,496460,27797984,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Matys,"The Game is beautifull and full of nice details.Gameplay is well known from other games, but it have a great potential!It needs a bit work.. but everything has tis own time..."
76561198007912029,Recommended,496460,32282207,Posted: 8 June,all,Drail,Great Game! I've played for many hours and enjoyed every minute.
76561198119140355,Recommended,496460,32279028,Posted: 8 June,all,Swamp Fox,Im giving it a thumbs up because I enjoy playing it. I do wish you can have more interaction when playing as a person like you can as in Life is Feudal: On your Own
76561198133953824,Recommended,496460,35348088,Posted: 30 September,all,Blackfish,At first I thought buying this game was a mistake. On the surface it seemed like a rip-off of Banished. This game is easier to manage and have first person controlls. 9/10 would buy again!
,Recommended,496460,32496707,Posted: 17 June,all,Nachos,"Relaxing and slow paced game unless you speed up time. Really like the soundtrack. Graphics are ok. Animations are pretty good. Game lacks sound effects for events, but it's not that big of a deal for me. Hope developer adds more to the game and not rely on modders. Would love to see more options, especially map generation,  when starting a new game."
,Recommended,496460,26429897,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,φ Biscuit Stalker φ,"Worth the Five Dollars more than Banished. Though I wish it had a modding community, would be nice to have some diverse choices when it comes to architecture too. Like oriental fuedal Japan/China/East&CentralAsia and so on. A creative mode would be even sweeter, but, its still fun either way. Looking forward to the finished product! :D"
,Recommended,496460,35125975,Posted: 22 September,all,Elledár,Super awesome Medieval Build-it sandbox <3
76561197970470792,Not Recommended,496460,25776302,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Big Poppa,Developer went from early access to release wityhout doing much of anything. the game was more stable before they went full release. no other game i own has hard lockups this one does. Unplayable at the moment.
76561198208151340,Not Recommended,496460,35507870,Posted: 5 October,all,chris1,"I don't recommend this game at all, There were way to many errors making the game not playable. I ran the game for a total of 2 hours on my $5000 gaming computer and got annoyed with all the errors and uninstalled it. So it's not my computer that is at fault"
76561197995397628,Recommended,496460,32006150,Posted: 27 May,all,ogmius,"I was debating getting this game because many reviews said it was like the game Banished...and it is, but to say that they did not improve on the game Banished AND MAKE IT THEIR OWN, would be in my opinion, dead wrong. This is very, very similar BUT THERE ARE MAJOR IMPROVEMENTS and perfect for those who like a leisurely city builder with enough depth to keep you interested for many hours.1 you can take control on the individual townspeople, do tasks...and shoot bears!2  there is a terraforming option that  is kind of ""werid"" but not unusable3 the graphics are way better4 its early in its development with plenty of updates and support upcoming (I assume)5 did I mention you can shoot the bears?what really needs fixing/improving ASAP as of 27 May 20171 the lighting is too dark, us old timers have a hard enough time seeing as it is...perhaps include a gamma slider in the options menu2 better tutorial.  just gives you the basics of the game...and if you never played Banished, you would be totally lostI am giving this a thumbs up on potential alone, but am impressed with the game as it is, and well worth the 20 bucks I paid... as long as the developers are committed to improving this game, it could be one of the best city-builders of all time...one I would be willing to invest more time and money into."
,Not Recommended,496460,32024550,Posted: 28 May,all,Malkevin,"As many have said this game is a lot like Banished.If like me you liked the concept of Banished but were disappointed with how limited it was and were hoping this would correct that, you will unfortunetly be disappointed again.There's a couple of extra food buildings but there's no real extra features, in fact if anything there's a couple that have been removed (town hall and churches for one).If you don't have banished you might find this to be interesting, but for anyone that does own banished you probably won't find enough difference to own this too."
,Not Recommended,496460,25466427,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,tizzel,"Do not believe in these developers, instead of finishing the first game they release another buggy game full of promises. Bad thing is, as good as they look, i highly doubt they will ever finish a game, just milking idiots like me who believe in their promises. Damn you and have fun on your yacht.Do not buy until at least they fullfilled their promises on the first game!"
,Recommended,496460,34042780,Posted: 5 August,all,K.Uzuna,"i think this is one of the best games ever ,.. it is hard tho so take ur time and get to know the game dont give in to the many deaths you will have and the lack of stuff .. restart it as many time as u like til u get it right ..lol"
76561198175340318,Recommended,496460,31173968,Posted: 16 April,all,jankavarila,"I love this game.except terraforming, its terrible :D"
76561198232925928,Not Recommended,496460,29673412,Posted: 3 February,all,alexamstaffx,"If i have more than 20 people it lags heavy at 10x Speed, unplayable."
76561198185020926,Not Recommended,496460,33885182,Posted: 29 July,all,bunch1320,"Since the last ""update"" the game is unplayable. The first winter everyone dies of hypothermia.  Major disappointment."
76561197960270919,Recommended,496460,32073017,Posted: 30 May,all,cuddles,"Similar to Banished but with a better soundtrack, graphics, and is a tad more forgiving."
,Recommended,496460,26692063,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Saint Theo,fix a bug where the inhabitants die of hunger! Full of food but many die!
76561198141953999,Not Recommended,496460,32154178,Posted: 3 June,all,m.refaat00,"Unstable gameplay, keep crashing  on windows 10"
76561197993052239,Not Recommended,496460,25181291,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,dawgamims,"I spent about 10 minutes looking around the game. As it stands right now, the gameisBanished. Same production chaines, same buildings, same pacing, same game. The graphics are better, but that's it.I was hoping for a game with the survival elements of Banished but with the politicking and planning of the Life is Feudal: Your Own (or at least their vision of the game) with some excellent combat. Maybe this game will become that, but as of right now, why are you paying $5 more for a game that's in Beta when there's a full game you can enjoy available elsewhere?"
76561198160167654,Not Recommended,496460,25473064,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ZEER1985TOS,My game keep crashing and i had to restart the computer everytime it does. Can the devs do somethig about this?
76561198005353825,Not Recommended,496460,25393628,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,benkphoenix,"Crash, crash, crash. You'd have thought after all this time they would have fixed the problems but they haven't. Sometimes it loads and sometimes it doesn't. I've tried all the ""fixes"" available online but nothing has brought stability to this game. Such a shame as I really enjoy it when it works."
76561198007120769,Not Recommended,496460,32372369,Posted: 12 June,all,richard,i like the game but wheres the sound effects...its boring with only music playin
,Recommended,496460,32328577,Posted: 10 June,all,whip dat hoe,Build village. Didnt gather enough resources in summer. Population starves in winter. Start over again.
,Not Recommended,496460,33010387,Posted: 29 June,all,Rosenthal,"Crashed 5 times in 1 hour, game keeps freezing and there are 50ish different building wich is pretty redundant for a City Builder; the winter is absurd, you can't see anything and other minor problems i wont list because don't want to waste my time further.Bravo bitbox, another unfinished product overpriced.Request a refund today, they don't deserve your money."
76561198008218694,Recommended,496460,29400691,Posted: 21 January,all,bewest169,"If you are in to playing city build games this is the top choice,beats Banished and others with 100% better graphics and controls,the grpahics are just stunning"
,Not Recommended,496460,32338342,Posted: 11 June,all,Vlam79,Keeps on crashing when game autosaves
,Not Recommended,496460,32145730,Posted: 2 June,all,Darbeansballs,"Doing all the mundane tasks for stupid villagers who won't eat, get warm or visit the herbalist gets on my t_i_t_s after a while.Feels to much like hard work.6/10"
76561198007784770,Not Recommended,496460,35129468,Posted: 22 September,all,Speight,"I have just bought this game after watching some on line play. I was aware of the problems associated with saves etc. However my problem is mouse being slow to catch up to where I am pointing. Anyone encountered this?Have sent for refund, only played around 30 minutes so should be okay."
76561198085278769,Not Recommended,496460,25402233,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,DarkAngell,"I think the game has enormous potential. But as it is, ""Early Access"" it is not playable. AI is stupid, they do illogical things and yes in general act dumb. It just does not work.But there is much potential, I like Steam's Early Acess function and that is a good chance for game creators. This game has lots of potential but as it is as of 07.09.2016  there are too many bugs to be playable .."
76561198171608335,Recommended,496460,25451096,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,airidas,sumthing is wrong with the graphics my pc is powerful and shadow and water quiality is low and I cant change it
76561198009903018,Recommended,496460,33546381,Posted: 14 July,all,Corwin86,"The most asked question is: is this like/similar/identical to Banished?After some time and some playing and some patches, I would answer:- It's like Banished (in a good way)- It's frankly too similar to Banished in the wroing design choices- BUT, it's NOT a copy of BANISHED (and this is good, as I liked very much Banished, but I don't need two identical games)So, the second most asked question is: it's better or worst (always talking about Banished...)?Better, in some ways, but don't expect too much about new features or design.The main new feature was the ""first person"" God/Pawn mode that was introduced from the start of the game and now it's been updated, but that is completely (in my opinion) useless for this type of game.I would have prefered some improvements in the trading system or other features.So, in the end, the price is right and the game works pretty fine.It's not really a great game but pretty funny: consider it an ""upgraded"" (in some ways) version of Banished, but don't expect a lot more."
76561198011061933,Recommended,496460,35503854,Posted: 5 October,all,GREGO,Great game!alot of people are crying saying its like banished but then again isnt almost every game some what like games before it I would say it is 100 times better than banished and has a very active steam workshop and updates 100% worth it one of the only 3 games I still play.
76561198018897649,Recommended,496460,35448655,Posted: 3 October,all,Zakk,Farmville on steroids
,Not Recommended,496460,32002491,Posted: 27 May,all,Al Pacino,this game is a replica of banished
,Not Recommended,496460,25187177,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Mr Saxon,I cant recomend this game in the current state. The tutorial is unplayable for me like others have stated and Id like to know what Im doing first before jumping into the regular game. Not being able to edge scroll is a pain. Not being able to attack animals seems stupid. Not being able to take my res below 1280 720 is annoying. Its laggy though this may be my systems limitation rather than the game itself. Ill let others with beafy systems make that call. The first time I loaded the game it crashed. The second time it seemed fine but came with disapointment with the above issues. The waters waves on the shore line are ugly and unrealistic and need improved. Im likely to ask for a refund if this games issues arent ironed out in a timely manner. Steam gives us 14 days or 2 hours of gameplay. As I likely wont be playing this so I dont go over my 2 hours you have 14 days to fix your game or lose a customer. I bought this game expecting it to be a little more playable than it is. Im very disapointed with the LIF creators outsourcing the game to an Indie company that seems to not understand the basic necessities a game should have of this nature. Edge scrolling is a must. I dont want to be forced to use WASD. At the moment this game seems more like a cheap rip off of Banished rather than a near complete game as they have stated. It looks like it could be fun bet they are far from being done.
,Not Recommended,496460,31188968,Posted: 16 April,all,Elchardus,"Hello guys.Look, all fun and games. Early access so of course not complete.You can't build stuff on uneven ground (unless it's a farm) and when you then decide to even the ground, the end result is like 85% acceptable. When selecting your building's ground level as basis, it will still be uneven after the terraforming process. So just to be clear, you can't build on uneven ground but when you want to even it, you'll sometime have to do several terraforming attemps on the same spot to get, like I said before, an acceptable result. Not perfect, not realistic, acceptable.I cannot recommend this game even before I start building stuff. A true gamebreaker till fixed."
,Not Recommended,496460,25215970,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,D0G,Certainly not what I expected from the write ups or some reviews even.This is a game that is roipped straight from another using anothers engine in my own oppinion. I do not see improvement on this as to another game of the same and have no choice but to seek a refund. Which I never do lightly.Sadly this game does not give what it suggests or states even and is a poor attempt in my oppinion to make money from anothers game..A shame and certainly not reccomended.
76561198006601445,Not Recommended,496460,25193046,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,kralizekkharr,"At this moment, the game is unplayable or otleast doesn't give any joy you simply dedicate 95% of your workforce to food production and still get ppl starved to death (with school built and using high quality tools). Comparison to Banished - yep better graphics but it doesn't even give you as much features as Banished did at its release time, but hey it's EA."
76561198093026877,Not Recommended,496460,32597588,Posted: 20 June,all,Bags77,"Copycat of Banished. Wouldn't be a big problem but banished was, as long as i played it, a one-man show. And just stealing something from a startup is just not acceptable. Getting a refund"
76561198255160117,Recommended,496460,25175855,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Cassie,Love it
,Not Recommended,496460,25168906,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Izunundara,"I'm fine with a game being similar to or taking inspiration from another game, but when you CTRL+C CTRL+V the entire design document of another game you're going a little too far. Until this game evolves from its current state, AKA a £20 Banished V0.9, I can't support this."
76561198021034274,Recommended,496460,32003817,Posted: 27 May,all,Ouchi Numbnuts,"Been playing this in Early Access and have really enjoyed it! I'm not a former Banished player so am not bothered by any similarities and came at the game with no preconceptions.The bugs have been cleared up  pretty quickly on the whole and now they're starting to add development and have opened up modding, it can only get better ...Not really been a city builder before but this works for me!"
76561198178414733,Recommended,496460,25494977,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,R3DPhantom96,"I love this game even though it crashes alot on some computers it has been working quite well for the past few days! All of you fools posting bad reviews about it because it crashes on your computer should keep in mind that it is an EARLY ACCESS title!!!!!!!!! Meaning that it is still in development for you who are too dumb to know! So you should not keep posting bad reviews about this game because the developers are working very hard to fix the issues! This game is one of a kind you can compare it to games like banished but on banished ou couldnt walk around in first person now could you! This game has potential X1,000,000,000 and unlike banished it looks freaking amaizing!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,496460,30501479,Posted: 13 March,all,thereareonly2genders,What I expected: Maybe a sub par but fun city simwhat I got: A broken game that doesn't work (can't get past the tutorial because of bugs)0/10 not even worth listing
,Recommended,496460,32018779,Posted: 28 May,all,[HK]Jack,AWESOME
76561198083373727,Not Recommended,496460,25268508,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Drunken_Leprechaun,the game is so unstable I am massing at least a crash every 30 mins
76561198074129305,Not Recommended,496460,30284708,Posted: 2 March,all,Flying Ace,At the moment this is a poor excuse for a game. Its a banished reskin with no communitry little progress and very dull in general. As the game stands dont waste a dime on it.
76561198109312127,Not Recommended,496460,32007145,Posted: 27 May,all,SCROTUS,"Bought into the early access a few months ago...after playing for a couple hours I thought I would check back in a couple of years to see what's been accomplished.  I see the game updating in my library today and find it's been ""released"" yesterday.    The game is a scam, not fun, not good, and not finished.  I've requested a refund...good luck with your 'continued development' after release.  I hope the mod community will save this platform and create something worthwhile one day."
76561198004786588,Recommended,496460,32026547,Posted: 28 May,all,SiN,"So the elephant in the room is well defined by other's posting negative reviews.  Apparently there are a plethora of people that assume that after an hour or 2 they know what this game is all about and identical to a game called Banished.  Sure in the first few hours of game play it is very similar to Banished.  But if those same people would play it for any length of time they would realize that while Banished is about keeping people alive (the most valuable resource) this game is more along the lines of Sim City or Cities: skyline, Patrician, Tropico and/or Anno (and all variants).  This game is a city builder resource management game.Where people go wrong is they think Banished is the defacto city builder / manager, which it is not and a very poor copy in comparison to the other titles mentioned above.  Leave Banished where it should be kiddies . . . banished.I played the first person version of this game Life is Feudal YO.  And the Developers of this game took all that and micronized it into a god view management game right down to the intricate detail of the interior of the buildings themselves.This game is for you if you want to grow a medieval village (or multiple villages) across the island map they give you. (There is a random seed generator for the map and size parameters you can control)  You will need to balance resource production verses labor pool verses time of the year (season) at first, but once you understand how that works you will be producing mass quantities of resources and using the game mechanics you can transport those resources between each of your settlements where by developing an intricate web of supply and demand.I started with the basics instead of focusing on everything I developed settlements based on what they produce for me and add to the collective.  For example fishing village, farmers, animal husbandry.  I then expanded my resource production to tools, clothing then transport them all between the different villages and ultimately my capital city.  The game is a massive time sink, it will take you many weeks of casual play to do any form of dent to the size of the island you inhabit.  Good luck and I hope you enjoy it as I have."
,Recommended,496460,34067405,Posted: 6 August,all,Princessjemkat,It's an intense game.
76561198043556513,Not Recommended,496460,29533035,Posted: 27 January,all,sksumitkundu50,I bouggt this game with some expectations. But totally disappointed as there seems to be a lag with mouse pointer. Its such a irritating experience that it ruins all the game experience.
76561198153904476,Not Recommended,496460,35397426,Posted: 1 October,all,Aramazd7,"A lot of the features are incomplete, doubled or out of in-game-control as well as out of logic. Let alone the very many bugs in the game matrix as well as in graphics. One loses the wish to play very fast as you only need to repeat all you did before even on the same map, during the same game. Really not recommended at least for now and especially for the price higher than 5-7 Euros."
76561198022256683,Not Recommended,496460,35346881,Posted: 30 September,all,jones,Great I spent two days builing up a sustainable village and once things were going good here comes the raiders to completly wreck the entire village! Screw this game waste of time!
76561198209600577,Recommended,496460,32988168,Posted: 29 June,all,TDMHannes.mov,it is nice
76561198079462674,Not Recommended,496460,29721178,Posted: 5 February,all,Exotic Phantemz,"Very slow progression, you have to keep game on fastest speed to get anything done. Then on top of that after you get about 100 population the game lags until it is unplayable."
76561197961892769,Not Recommended,496460,32010759,Posted: 27 May,all,Bang2Death,"Banished ..Played about a week. Its a balance game .. cover the map with Banished like building, Screw up your food/growth rate and the game comes apart, other than that .. you win."
76561197998930085,Recommended,496460,32002173,Posted: 27 May,all,gordon ramsey sex dwarf,"It's basically ""Banished"" but with some better graphics and a limited first person option.But fun game."
76561197992398908,Recommended,496460,31986454,Posted: 26 May,all,Doogie_78,It's a prettier version of that other game but very slow. I have it on 4x and I'm waiting for excitement.Edit: Just found out there's a 1st person option!
,Not Recommended,496460,33916516,Posted: 30 July,all,Babayaga,This is basically a very poor version of Banished.
76561198030787406,Not Recommended,496460,32025153,Posted: 28 May,all,SomeBoredGuy,"Started playing the tutorial and about 10 minutes in the screen started flickering in various areas like all the water or all the huts, etc..Tried various graphic settings.  Nothing worked.The game is ABSOLUTLY not playable like this!  Refunded!My Machine specs:CPU: i7 5820KRAM : 16 GBGPU: 2x GTX 980OS: Win Pro 8.1"
76561197972090827,Not Recommended,496460,32070964,Posted: 30 May,all,Zamaszysty,"I was hoping to find a ""new Banished"", but instead came to find an unplayable mess. For some reason the game applies random mouse sensitivity to each element. While in first person, the sensitivity is EXTREME. In the world view it's absolutely fine, but ... it BARELY lets me rotate the view, because the sensitivity is not tied to the cursor itself, but to some arbitrary ""this is how much your map will rotate now"".I managed to find a spot where I would be able to play in ""strategy mode"", but with these settings playing forst person was impossible. At the same time, adjusting the settings so that I can do anythingin in first person caused everything else to be unresponsive, sluggish and simply NOT WORKING.To bad, as everything else seems to be exactly what I was looking for. Fingers crossed for a refund, as I will not fight for two hours. It's not coded correctly and it drains all the enjoyment out of me :("
,Not Recommended,496460,30343168,Posted: 5 March,all,alphabravo1324,"This game is fun, the visuals are great and you can go into first person and play. But the Devs are putting out minor updates at a rate of a snail. Do not buy unless they start updating and working on it, becasue there are many issues that still need to be resolved."
,Not Recommended,496460,25484321,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Pre55ure,"i want to like this game and fear it may just be another cash grab since its so close to banished, im going to leave this with a thumbs down for now in the hope that the developers get on with bridging the gap between banished and forest village as so far its very slow considering banished was made by 1 single guy, if youd like a better review on this game you can check out my review of banished .heres to hoping the game actually gets developed"
76561198027623815,Not Recommended,496460,33601799,Posted: 16 July,all,<=Kenbo=>,"Much like their other piece of garbage game that was never finished (Life is Feudal: Your Own), this game is a piece of garbage that will never be finished."
76561198015016933,Not Recommended,496460,26318506,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Belami,"Can't recommend it because for me it is too hard balanced. I never could feed all my residents and so they starved to death.The balancing is so hard that if you build only one house to much the population reproduces too fast and at the point when 3/4 of the population are children it becomes difficult to feed them. I never got it.It is one of this nice, but - games."
76561197970680484,Recommended,496460,29315597,Posted: 17 January,all,Shane,"General GameplayThe game plays using the same system as banished but with less focus on certain aspects for example clothing is less important but travel distance and roads are more vital. The games interface is almost exactly the same and if you can play banished you will not even really need to complete this games tutorial in order to understand how things work.Because of the nature of the beautiful landscape certain things will trigger your OCD fences and roads for example, the mechanic of taking over the villagers and playing the game from a first person perspective is a nice treat very welcomed.Theres no town hall and therefore at this stage not enough data or ability to monitor your empires growth, and livestock delivery system is less than realistic, but evolves in other areas like ensuring you also have enough animal feed and so forth.this game literally begs to be compared to banished because it is almost the exact same experience and game overall lots of improvements over banished, but be warned lovers of that title will find this painfully slow...TerraformingLand terraforming is ugly and a pain in the rear, and its by far the worse feature/apect of this game, i literaly could not express how much i hate this part of forest village with mere words...Conclusioncould have been a great game but its just a good looking piece of eye candy in comparison to banished, as its own game it fails in key areas creating nothing more than a basic experience coupled with a frustrating and annoying camera system and fundementally flawed construction/terraforming utilityI just cant take it serious at the end of the day, its just banished with major flawsComputer SpecRunning max graphics @ 100+ fpsComputer specAMD FX 6300 (6core) @ 3.50 GHzGeforce 960 GTX8GB DDR3 Ram"
,Not Recommended,496460,25169883,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DEIMUADA,"First of all i really don't understand following from storepage: ""We believe that our game is quite close to a finished state"" i mean thats the biggest mistake you can do on a EARLY ACCESS!!! release. There are already tons of bugs u don't see in the first moment. For this check the Forums.-| Bad Tutorial (no info how to increase terraforming size for example but u must do it to complete the tutorial)-| Game crashed 3rd time while tutorial, so i had to restart it over and over again (timewaster to make sure nobody can refund after tutorial?)-| You start with all what you need, so why play anymore?-| UI is horrible small. I won't die on ""eye cancer""-| For a copied concept from 2 Games (Banished & LiF:YO) it's really bad. I won't speak about the overpriced thingy-| You must use WASD to move the cam-| Mouse sensivity is still horrible after set all to low (also the dpi from mouse)-| Oh sry i must speak about the price also when i said i wont. But again: For a copied concept from 2 games you can't sell it for 22,99€ thats the only reason why i go to refund it now otherwise i would wait if u polish the game morebecause+| It looks nicebutI'll give it some days. Maybe they agree with that critism and can answere here"
76561197983848777,Not Recommended,496460,32021619,Posted: 28 May,all,Roger T,"It´s like you living in fangorn forrest, the trees keeps growing up to fast in the village and you cant see anything, grows up a new tree before you are able to take down another one.. OO and also Banished copy"
,Not Recommended,496460,34165910,Posted: 11 August,all,Nasi Lemak,"This game suck I can't save , not worth your time buggy as hell"
,Not Recommended,496460,32180159,Posted: 4 June,all,BD,Ok this game is like banished BUT that does not matter its all about getting the most fun out of a game. My big problem with FV is its too easy I start up the game do 2 short times to get a handle on what does what etc etc.3rd time in hardest difficulty its still so easy. The only reason my people die is old age or a bug. Built most building finishing up the rest but like this is it thats all. I want the game to be a struggle to survive I want it to be hard but it just isnt.For right now I can not recommend until difficulty is increased and food needs fixing too.Prosgraphicsprofessionstake control of peopleI love the unique worldsConsTOO EASYmost of the food production is worthless just use potatos everything else doesnt make enoughSO MANY TREES
,Recommended,496460,31290388,Posted: 21 April,all,KillingPotatos,Since last update.Game doesn't work.Just a white screen.
76561198011261810,Recommended,496460,28453739,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,hottona66,greet game
76561198263785956,Not Recommended,496460,25202038,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,stchatzim,"I had to refund because it was unplayable for me. I spent an hour trying to make it run but I got problems with dual screen, resolution, mouse delaying, etc.As long as the majority of the bugs are fixed I will purchase it immediately, I hope they keep working on it."
,Not Recommended,496460,32012868,Posted: 27 May,all,Lo Li Ta,"Can't start game for some times, then after play few min game shut down it self."
76561198158251665,Recommended,496460,31777186,Posted: 15 May,all,wrobmik,very good!nice graphic for the size.management is competive.
76561198026935856,Not Recommended,496460,25861238,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,sasserbird,I have played this game for over 16 hours and have tried many different re-starts.  The food consumption setting on this game is not realistic.  As soon as I get 22 settlers they start consuming tons of food and then start starving at a quick pace.  I have multiple food sources running at full capacity but still the food production goes down and consumption goes up.  I am tired of wasting my time on this game until the food production and consumption rates can be fixed!  Until then don't waste your time!Additionally there needs to be more information on how to produce certain items.  How do you get hay and why does'nt grass regenerate like trees do?  You would think that grass would regenerate and a lot quicker than trees!  It would also be nice to click on a structure and see what its yearly production is.
76561198109137025,Not Recommended,496460,28491448,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,okungzaa35,"First time I played this game I really love it, but it has something annoying me to achieve this game.I lacked manytime and sometime when I play it around 30 minutes it would be no responding.So, it is a good game as I mention it but it has a lot bugs waiting for annoying you every time.goodluck my friends !! if you want to by this game."
76561198063177037,Not Recommended,496460,32599613,Posted: 20 June,all,epmpret,Since I bought the game it does not want to play it keeps chrashing.... Why???/
,Not Recommended,496460,32280383,Posted: 8 June,all,brianary,A blatant rip off of Banished.  I can't believe this is legal.
76561197965826399,Not Recommended,496460,25440510,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Bram,"1/10. Game is completely broken, crash every 10 minutes.Game has potential but is way too buggy.Pro's:- Dev's update a lot, so there is hope.Con's:- Raise terrain is a terrible choice, looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ease up on building requirements so we can build easier or fix the raise terrain so it doesn't take up all your time and ruins the look of the map.- Animals are broken.If i dont refund ill update this review, but dang this is bad in its current state. I feel almost more ripped of by this than by NMS."
76561198161920140,Not Recommended,496460,25398910,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,DunnyBunnny,"I had a village of just over 10 people I do not remember how many exactly. I also have around 2k rations of food. Mostly vegetables and meat with a little fish. My villagers forgot how to eat and all diead of starvation..... Good stuff I guess if you enjoy waisting your time =)That said I really enjoyed the sound track, the grafics, and the overall gameplay. However I can not recomend a game that has flaws as big as the AI forgetting that hey we need to eat food to live.6/10 stars I enjoyed the time it worked but wont be playing anymore."
76561198071491135,Not Recommended,496460,25408095,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Agent 99,"Several issues.  Biggest one - it's crashing after the last update.It's buggy.  This game is a lot like (basically is) Banished, but unlike Banished it crashes.  It has a lot of bugs, and is a bit confusing at times trying to figure out why one of your villagers are snoozing and not working only to find out that it's because you're terra-forming in front of their building and it's apparently a no-go construction zone.  Only indication you get is ""zzzz"".Not completely thought out.  I build a new house, I think great, I have plenty of food residents will be happy, make more babies, etc.  Apparently the residents are too lazy to walk a little ways across town to pick the food up?!  So, devs, if there's a radius of support for warehouses and such, please provide that circle when you click on the warehouse.  Also, allow us control how much food and whatnot is stored in the warehouses.  All my food goes into the one closest to the farms when I would like to be able to mange to what warehouses my food goes.It's also very resource intensive, but I got a good machine to handle it.It shut down (with no warning) while I was playing it to do an update?Being able to assume the role of a villager is okay, but a complete waste of effort imho and really hard to control.  Maybe my mouse is too sensitive or something, but it's hard to control"
,Recommended,496460,28841470,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TR1GGA187,Yaaaaaay
76561198121760881,Not Recommended,496460,35164543,Posted: 23 September,all,rul3br8ker,"I can't get this game to work, says something about the build not working and closes out"
76561198015682171,Not Recommended,496460,31754000,Posted: 14 May,all,torch672,"I really wanted to like this game, I love RTS's. It is my understanding this early access game has been floating around much longer then it's shown release date by like 3 years. Upgrades are way to slow. After all this time it's barely bigger then a phone game. This was my first experience with a Early Access game that is kind of someones second or third priority(in my opinion). it's a beautiful game with alot of potential but way to shallow and slow progression by devs to ever pay $25. After months since the last upgrade this newest one is just a bug fix, with devs bragging about all the bugs they had to fix and that is pretty much it. I now see the are opening it up to modders to get  free help in finishing this game. First game to make me hesitant in buying Early Access again.Edit: I finally got bored enough to come back to this game and try it since it's big release from early access. The biggest updates I see are1) destroyed graphics; not sure what graphic enhancement they made but the beautiful colors are llong gone to this weird tones and hues. It's either unliked by my 1080 or someone was on mushrooms.2) love the added ""save game error"" I now get after a couple hours of play. Nothing like wasting my time on a broken game only to find it truly was a waste of time, as all my work went back to square one.3) JUST LOOOVE the new extremely annoying sound effects when you click on a structure. I've read so much about the magical feudal days when the peasants went to work, home, market, etc. only to hear this really annoying 'woosh' or 'thump' or some other really annoying sound upon entering(especially the caravan, really just music to my ears)Good Job Guys!You did one right thing, release it to Steam Workshop to try to get it fixed for free."
,Recommended,496460,35288429,Posted: 29 September,all,idl0r,.
76561198013792268,Not Recommended,496460,25416139,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,UnknownAl,"Sadly this game so far is a banished clone, had hoped for it's own twist with LIF aspects, but all we've gotten so far is merely a reskin of an other great game. At this moment there is a HUGE lack of features such as; crafting skills, character starts, buildings, quality on objects, items in general, hostilities(had bears in town which didn't even attack), equipment mangement greater then clothed and having tools, tech trees, multiplayer/co-op. beside many lacking features this game does not have a endgame just like banished didn't have, so far i'd rather just go buy the original game ""Banished""."
,Not Recommended,496460,33839270,Posted: 27 July,all,rdngmikey,A simulation that allows you play through the life and death of a village of lemmings.
,Not Recommended,496460,32475285,Posted: 16 June,all,pdqb,"No updates for 3 weeks, nothing more to do in the game, another money grabber game"
76561198007323037,Recommended,496460,27916664,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,calamanci,Refunded it. I love it but its such a clone of Banished. The moment I went for refund was 58 min in suddenly realize there are ♥♥♥♥ all buildings to actually build and having 6 wolves and 12 bears in my actual village was just weird cause they are like frinedly.
76561198021863339,Not Recommended,496460,25415229,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,ajancy,I have bought this game today and it crashes in every few seconds..........not playable at all!
76561198003655644,Not Recommended,496460,33856572,Posted: 28 July,all,tango,"Ive only played 21 minutes, but I get the feeling this is a bad version of Banished.."
76561197970728196,Not Recommended,496460,32632648,Posted: 21 June,all,McGregor De Sexypants,"Clear clone of Banished with a few changes, but no improvements. Infact I feel like a company that normally generically hammers out phone apps stole the code from Banished and just changed it enough to make it look correct. It STILL has the same fatal ingame flaws that banished does, eg. everybody magically starve to death because the food gets stuck in ""that one warehouse"" Get banashed, install mods. in the few weeks I've had this game the overall review went from positive to mixed. This should tell you something.As for playability, management is rather easy and you hit a point where it's just growth management and there really isn't much else to do."
76561197971047196,Not Recommended,496460,35095011,Posted: 20 September,all,Nodoogra,"This is a simplified, unfinished version of Banished. Don't bother."
,Recommended,496460,29168735,Posted: 10 January,all,Count Wulfric,I love this game.
76561198014479955,Not Recommended,496460,25325053,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Blob,Promising - However note for the developersCrashing occurs for me whenever i go into first person by clicking on the person you want to take control off.Please fix this ASAPSo a no from me right now
76561198255285363,Not Recommended,496460,25526878,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,popdartan,"Banished > Life is feudal.In Banished you can get all them nice mods to enhance the experience, but if you're just in it for the looks Life is Feudal is your choice..."
76561198116579222,Not Recommended,496460,32017526,Posted: 28 May,all,Smith0089,Banished is much better.
76561198138562348,Not Recommended,496460,32091023,Posted: 31 May,all,Showtubers,Do you recommend this game?No it keeps CRASHING!!!!When its stops CRASHING I will recommend this game!¨I feels like its missing something?good graphic
76561198190790983,Not Recommended,496460,30876035,Posted: 1 April,all,✌ⓊⒷⓊⓃⓉⓊ ツ Noobs say noob,"If you think banished whas boring, wait till you try this. If you think Banished was easy wait till you try this. zzzzzzzzzzzz. Its beautiful tho."
,Not Recommended,496460,35032406,Posted: 17 September,all,mpls777place,sandbox mode plz
76561197985503851,Not Recommended,496460,29175855,Posted: 10 January,all,Der Norweger,"I don't recommend this game. You can feed your villagers with only potatos and ignoring all the rest, so in that way it is indeed not balanced. It gets boring too quickly and the terraforming tool alone ruins the game. If you're looking for a fantastic city building game, I recommend checking out Anno 1602."
,Not Recommended,496460,25251587,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Currently Dying in a Warp Storm,"Seems like a great game, but unplayable with crashes every five minutes."
,Recommended,496460,31999186,Posted: 27 May,all,Lejd Lakej,"Let's get this over with: It's heavily influenced by Banished.I've only played this for a few hours, and I like it. If you liked Banished, then you'll like this.Some things that I don't like, however, are the following:- A grid system that doesn't seem to make any sense. Building take up more space around it than it needs to, you can't have a road in between two buildings, so a lot of the posibilities to make really really tightly built towns are already out the window.- The music. If you're gonna play this for hours, you better bring your own music to listen to. I've only heard 3-4 tracks and I know already these will get old, fast.- The graphics. While the graphics are pretty good, and certainly better than Banished by a huge margain, it makes it very hard to see clearly what is going on, and where borders are. In the winter you can't see roads OR the grid. So building anything in the winter is out the window if you want to be exact and methodic and can only guess exactly where the borders are.I haven't really entered the mid- to late game yet, so there might be a lot I've not put into consideration. But if you like Banished and can work with the graphics, then you'll like this game."
,Not Recommended,496460,25477675,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Digitz,"Graphics looked great, gameplay is what I was looking for...but can't play it. Way too laggy. Performance is awful. Wasted 25 bucks."
,Not Recommended,496460,25232190,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Crus4de,"Currently I can't review this game positively. Once it's done It might change.As the game is now it is half of what Banished was when it was first released with higher details and more clunky controls. The selection of buildings and things you can do before it becomes a repeat is very little and EVERYTHING takes a day and a half to start/complete.Immediately the AI seemed to not work right from what it should with having people already assigned to builder as they would not change to a new construction if nothing was already being built and I could not even manually assign them the task.The terraforming is a nice feature but it takes even longer than everything else and could use a feature were you can toggle precise movements as trying to get everything lined up just the way I wanted was hard.The whole part of controlling the individuals is different but its not very entertaining after the first couple seconds. It's walking up to a task and pressing left mouse. Killing a bear with one person was a simple as walk into the bear, press left mouse, watch a ""kill"" animation and walk away.If you want a game like this right now get Banished similar price and then get the colonial mod so you have days worth of playtime instead of an hour at most."
76561198095142787,Not Recommended,496460,26360605,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,pcalica33,U got a lot of looking into 2. i had all 19 of my people fishing and could not gain on fish when i had 24 people and only had ten fishing i had over 3000 fish and going up?
76561198025940563,Not Recommended,496460,26583478,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MrMilkshake,"Both games this company make do not work for me and many others anymore after them working just fine in the past. Having uninstalled for a while then coming back the problems still exsist on both games. Great when they worked, but i'd save my money and spend it elsewhere if i were you."
,Not Recommended,496460,25220515,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,badnesso,"Its like Banished, pretty boring just micro managing villigers.  There is no combat not much to do other than make sure the villagers aren't idle and build buildings.  Def nopt worth $25 in my opinion. Framerate is slow I have i7, gtx 980m, 8g mem...I'd rather play Spider Solitare on my tablet then use this to pass the time."
76561198013559695,Not Recommended,496460,28016152,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Rukiri,"Game has a lot of promise, but is still very early in development."
,Not Recommended,496460,33583614,Posted: 16 July,all,Dr.GreenThumb,"Good game,but at 10X speed it destroys your computer."
76561198189558997,Not Recommended,496460,25334070,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Kimbo King,"This game is unplayable.The mouse lag is insane and makes the game feel so slow. I can't find a way to fix this issue.Also the tutorial is mindnumbingly long and boring. Great potential, poor application."
76561198109441845,Not Recommended,496460,25448049,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,count_zer01,"Liked the look, disliked the feel, especially the part where every time I needed to point my mouse at something, there was a 30-90-second delay between moving the mouse and the cursor moving.Thirty to ninety seconds.Not kidding."
76561197968343151,Not Recommended,496460,32030718,Posted: 28 May,all,Nhunter,Banished..... just in another more beutiful but not as refined shell
76561198004852106,Recommended,496460,31986799,Posted: 26 May,all,white_knight_leo,"I've been enjoying this game very much - currently at Year 93, about to have 350 adults.There are currently no threats to your village implemented - but it seems they plan to add some. Older savegames may soon be inviable - mine probably will.Final release version adds a bunch of cool stuff, but be warned not all of the latest features are added as of yet.Still lags a ton when terraforming, but less than it used to - and having more than 300 villagers no longer lags the game at all."
76561198030818861,Recommended,496460,31985022,Posted: 26 May,all,suebaseden,"I quite like this game, it keeps you on your toes in managing resources and making sure your people have enough food over the winter. It's entertaining."
76561198068211942,Not Recommended,496460,31987168,Posted: 26 May,all,TronMaximus,"i dont want to hit a negitive review id rather give a very positive one but i dont want some one to go through what im going through and waste $26. this game is broken doesnt let me even start the game. i just downloaded it about 20min ago and cant even get past the start menu, been trying for the 20minutes. i try to start new game and cant see the area map setup. when i try to change the map size the game freezes and i have to restart the game and i cant even choose ok to start playing. i been waiting for this game to be released and was excited for it but now i feel screwed over paying the $26 for it which sucks greatly. i played banished alot which i liked but i felt like it was an abandoned game. once i seen this game that you can build walls and arm your people to fight the wild animals and that you can shape the land to make flatlands i thought that was great but after my experience now my hope is slowly fading the longer it takes me to be able to even play the game"
76561198055921635,Not Recommended,496460,32025756,Posted: 28 May,all,tokey,just not fun
,Recommended,496460,31984881,Posted: 26 May,all,Morte Legionem,"I like it, just didnt blink for a couple hours.But i just cant help but feel this has so much more that could be going on..."
76561197983364798,Not Recommended,496460,29542402,Posted: 28 January,all,Aundre,lies all lies
76561198091970376,Not Recommended,496460,25276634,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,SuperSaen06,this game would be good.... if it didnt close out every 20 minutes!
76561198366342360,Not Recommended,496460,29878053,Posted: 12 February,all,geolykovitis,"The game was average. A little bit boring but what to do. This kind of games are a little bit slow. It had some problems. The frame rates were dropping after a certain amount of population. The game was crushing when you were terraforming a lot. The eggs produced from the chickens were rarely collected and given to people for food. And generally, it was almost unable to service after 60-70 population. Now after the last patch I believe the greatest aspect of this game was destroyed. Building and positioning building is destroyed, totally destroyed. Before we were moving building and the floor was lightening green or red depending if we could or no to build. And every building was moving 1 box each time. Now you can randomly move building that causes them when you build them to be very close and people not be able to have access in them. Please developers change this aspect of the game as it was before patch."
76561197976797499,Not Recommended,496460,32203371,Posted: 5 June,all,Flu420,"Ugh, where to start with this trainwreck. First of all, this is just a clone of Banished. Its Banished with some extra resource mods and thats the only good thing about this game.It takes ages for you village to expand. It take literally hours before you get 10 villagers and its almost impossible to take care of all their needs for the first 5-6 hours. If you get lucky, you would have dodged the major bugs by now which include the farmers just standing there when they are supossed to seed a field or hunters not doing their jobs and just walk into a fence until they starve to death.I got as much as 47 villagers until many of them just stopped doing their jobs. I lost 12 hunters in one winter and the guys doing construction just roamed the building site after half the resources needed for the building was collected.It feels like the developers didnt give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the major gamebreaking bugs and released a clone of a waaaaay better game.Oh and don't play into the first-person hype. Its just a diffrent camera angle into the same steaming turd.I can only hope the developers care about this game enough so that they atleast fix the bugs because right now this game is UNPLAYABLE!!!!I also forgot to mention that the game crashes whenever i try to save after the 7th year. Epic"
76561198235158676,Not Recommended,496460,32790920,Posted: 25 June,all,Bed0,Im dissapointed
76561198147502984,Not Recommended,496460,25253735,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Narcissistic Penguin,Its confusing and I got a bug where my camera went to the ocean and I couldt get outand had to restart a world. Refunded -
,Not Recommended,496460,32034626,Posted: 28 May,all,Liam,"Seems like a rip off of Banished, but adds the features of having walls and the ability to teraform. waste of money if you ask me. Just go buy Banished. :("
76561198015449505,Recommended,496460,31985033,Posted: 26 May,all,rok_27,"if your a fan of banished , planet base or just like resource managment games this one is for you! a must buy ! 4 outta 5 well worth the asking price"
76561198075664259,Recommended,496460,31928648,Posted: 23 May,all,Mirakuru,"In real life, bears actually kills people."
76561198122322768,Not Recommended,496460,25317981,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,天空1514618183,错误太多 我现在连游戏都开不了
76561198357518248,Not Recommended,496460,29802250,Posted: 9 February,all,samirs202oooo,no no no
76561198098287310,Not Recommended,496460,30036789,Posted: 19 February,all,RuszoWolf,each winter everyone dies and i have to load a old save but then winter strikes again killing them all. this happens over and over
,Not Recommended,496460,32010455,Posted: 27 May,all,Je5u5Christ,bad game
76561198079527493,Not Recommended,496460,27644389,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Price,Can't play the game T T
76561198350502147,Not Recommended,496460,28649813,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,jkhinteriors,while the inhabitants are homeless then cannot get warm nor do they eat.   while uupgrading a home the inhabitants are considered homeless and one of them died from starvation while upgrading.  ridiculious.  I would like to get my money back.
76561198083908170,Not Recommended,496460,32116090,Posted: 1 June,all,chefflerdog,Horrible game. Only play this game if you want to waste your time in playing a game that in any senario is set up for  failure.  You will waste all of  your time just creating a village that eventually will go into ruien and everyone will die no matter what even if you have the easiest settings and disasters turned off. The creators really sucked the big one making this game. I will not buy another game made by this company thats for  sure.
76561198064444150,Not Recommended,496460,29270031,Posted: 15 January,all,dvm_hrk,too bad
76561198273390650,Not Recommended,496460,31998281,Posted: 27 May,all,Raz,loading the map for daysssss
76561198176568599,Recommended,496460,31989773,Posted: 26 May,all,ZEBlueCrab,I like it
76561198111131093,Not Recommended,496460,25223841,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Peterh,"It´s lagging very hard... i can´t play with lowest grad of grafic.Intel Pentium quad core processor N3540 up to 2,66 GHzIntel HD Grafics4 GB DDR3 L Memory"
76561198260643968,Not Recommended,496460,32188236,Posted: 4 June,all,zippman1,this game is stupid....food resource is poor people die after playing 12 hours of play i liked it at first but then got board...
,Recommended,496460,31991574,Posted: 27 May,all,t3h d00d,this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 also ur villagers will all get rabies so watch out ;)
76561198017144180,Not Recommended,496460,32203378,Posted: 5 June,all,Goose,dont buy u need n expencive DX11 gpu waist of money
76561198250573562,Not Recommended,496460,28703656,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jayvees678,This game is very bad but better than Banished.
76561197999796344,Not Recommended,496460,25481970,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Unbeaten Spartan,"ZERO pvp, literally build a farm and keep your sims happy. I think there was a facebook app there for a while that did it better. Refunded in under ten minutes."
,Not Recommended,496460,25178833,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Aryko,No
,Not Recommended,496460,28671975,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tau,Sorry but with that graphics I get eye-cancer.
76561198116350412,Recommended,496460,30400153,Posted: 8 March,all,john.m.robinson.jr,need ability to zoom further out....hard to layout the village without seeing the big picture.....other than that i like it
76561198117106772,Recommended,496460,30476048,Posted: 12 March,all,BlueRam,Entertaining and great graphics - bring on more features and animals.
76561198118374887,Recommended,496460,30299634,Posted: 3 March,all,SilentRPGamer,"I like the game. Truely, I do! I love the concept of it, and for someone who's probably spent 1,000 hours playing Banished, this is a nice new take on it. Don't get me wrong, it's basically the same thing, but this game cost an extra 10 dollars and has much better graphics than what Banished had. However....There are major cons to this story. My favorite aspect of this game is what Banished sorely lacked the most [for me]: Predators! There are wolves and bears in this game who will attack your livestock and honey houses unless prepared with hunters and a mental map of your layout before placing buildings (otherwise your honey houses are too close to the woods and a bear will wreak it! But, the houses also need to be near trees and plants in order to produce honey faster...). I can see this concept going over really well once the AI is worked out some more. It's really odd-looking to have wolves and bears roaming around in the streets, and people walking past them like they were harmless pets or something...A huge con for me is the progression. Workers are slow as molasses! Unlike Banished, where people would get sh*t done and take res. to the soon-to-be-buildings; no matter if they were lazy farmers, builders, etc., you HAVE to have laborers here. If you want trees chopped, stones picked, or buildings built - you have to have laborers to do it! Doesn't seem so bad, until you realise that you start each game off with only 6 working people... eh...and even with laborers, it take a while...Next major flaw and one I seriously hate and thought about returning this game because of it: Terraforming. A great concept, and one I still like, BUT if there's ANY form of a slope (be it a mountain or a litteral molehill), you can't place buildings there! Farms can go there, usually, but most buildings can't. A majority of the map it seems HAS to be flattened in order to even BUILD a wretched building in any spot past the spawn point!THAT, my friend, is bullsh*t...The main aspect of this game is building, I thought, but it turns out to be terraforming! And that isn't as simple as it sounds. You need workers, laborers, and a WHOLE lot of time on your hands. Time you usually don't have because - while your people don't eat nearly as much as they do in Banished - you still need homes and food sources in order to grow your population past 7 or 8 workers, and it'll take a year before any building can really be done (past the first few homes that you can place).It hardly even looks natural when you're done flattening the place out. Imagine in the Sims 3 you lower an entire plot downwards a bit from the rest of the map outside of the plot itself: That's what it looks like! Maybe it'll look a bit more natural if you use the other terraforming tools available; but it takes such a long time that hardly anybody would have time for it!*UPDATE*Okay, the Devs are trying to make an a** of me, lolJust days after I wrote this review, they release a major Part 1 update to the game (part 2 being released in about a couple weeks) that should fix some graphical errors, AI issues, as well as the whole building nonsense where we couldn't build on any form of slope: Apperently now we can and the ground will auto-flatten unleveled areas slightly so we won't have to terraform the hell out of the place.I have tested out the new update and, honestly, I'm impressed. I like the fact we can build now without having to worry about slopes. The laborers are still slow when it comes to certain things, but it seems like they're working faster now too (usually). Maybe that has something to do with happiness, but I'm not sure...I also found out that there is indeed a modding community out there. They're very small and, this game being early access, these mods are at risk of breaking when new updates release, but it's still nice to see that there's a beating heart here.So, all and all, I think I can honestly recommend the game now. It still has issues (like when you have a chicken coop, it tends to store the eggs that are produced like squirrles store nuts), but it is still playable. Before, I couldn't get part 50 people. Now, I managed to get to exactly 110 people before I f*cked up and they all starved to death (fortunally, there's an auto save system where if you screw up, you can go back to one of the 5 or so saves and retry, but I gave up on that town after that)."
76561198039205918,Recommended,496460,26878890,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jammer_g,"It's fun for like a minute until you realize that no matter what you do your villagers are going to die. It seems like the devs don't actually listen to anyone during development and just do what they set out to do, no matter the complaints. One person even asked them not to cave in to the ""demands"" of those testing, and that's fine to, but makes one to wonder why they have testers and want feedback when they do absolutely nothing about it.If you like starting your game over and over trying to get it to work properly, then yes, this is recommended. Many would like to see a working game to see if they can making it without trying to figure out the formula to keep all the villagers alive in the process. All those who say they love the challenge are probably the ones who will put the game on the shelf once completed. It's like you get more feedback/argument from those who like the ""hard"" game than the devs.It's really too bad as many just put the game on the shelf already and aren't coming back or to even write reviews so as not to be the negative one. I haven't played this game for two months now and I see things are pretty much the same."
76561197967883197,Recommended,496460,25395029,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Whitty,You will not find faster patches to in game content then these devs/coders.Medieval City building at its finest and yet ...still adding content nearly every day.
76561198010064763,Recommended,496460,26061926,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Death Hunter- Novaboy_572,Update- This game is not for the weak minded. It is extremely complex specially as fast as your village grows. It took me about 10 worlds before I slowly figured out what worked and now its fun in a way. They should add a AI village on the island you can trade  with if you build a caravan and also fight against if your bored. That would inhance this game by 100% at least you can learn what the AI is doing as a semi Tutorial as you learn to play the complexity of civilization.
76561198053956271,Recommended,496460,25388138,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ryanide,The whole game is playable after forests got fixed. Very pleased with the experience.
76561197995268369,Recommended,496460,25239509,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Layla,"Today i have changed my review, the game has grown since it was released, i have to say regardless of what i said below, the game is beautiful i have spent many hours just caring for my villages, im really excited about the future of this game, i can honestly recommend it to anyone who loves city simulation and resource management games A+"
76561198067726541,Recommended,496460,26281642,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Artemis,"UPDATED REVIEW at 32 Hours:Pros:-Stunning Visuals-Fun concept and gameplay.-Workers move to the house closest to the job location (Awesome feature!)-Same controls as Banished.-Option for first Person interaction.Cons:-Terraforming is terrible. (This need to be fixed asap. Perhaps make buildings able to auto terraform on reasonable landscapes)-Food Consumption rate is unbalanced. (I do notice that it is much better in the recent gameplay so I think the devs are working on it)-Using the same adult avatars for kids (Not really that important, but it would be nice to have children avatars instead of middle-aged 1-year-old.)-Terrible lag on normal map during speed-up so I could only play on small map. (AMD FX-8320 Eight-Core	, 3.5GHZ, GeForce GTX 950 graphic card)-When there are multiple laborers, they will ALL work on the road and will often work on THE SAME SECTION of the road instead of gathering resource.-Lack explaination for buildings and items (the game's 'forest village wiki' page on gamepedia doesn't provide the infos either. It's hard to get infos for this game.)-Can't really do much in first person mode and it's irritating slow to do anything in first person view.The game is still early access so I'm looking forward to the polished version."
76561198050174307,Not Recommended,496460,32472159,Posted: 16 June,all,tahebo,"After 97 hours and 11/29 achievements:Very nice graphics and pleasant music should be ensuring relaxing gameplay,butthere are so many bugs and issues, weird game logic, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ human ai, ... you really shouln'd play this game if you don't want to train your nerves and patienceIf some serious fixes will not come soon, i'm really close to quit on this game before i played it out ..."
76561198169281608,Recommended,496460,32535844,Posted: 18 June,all,vzariqi,"Pros:1.Graphics ( details are great)2.Real Life simulations (such as health , happines)3.The creators are always creating something new.Cons:1.Terraforming ( It's really bad )"
,Recommended,496460,32519498,Posted: 17 June,all,Shermellow,"If you like Banished then this game takes it one step further. I will say it's not as playable as banished in it's current state however... There are too many issues with storage, capacities and resource gathering for citizens. WIthout mods it's near impossible to sustain a population of more than 40 citizens as you run into not having enough people to make enough food to survive winter even with all 40 citizens dedicated to working nothing but food harvesting jobs you'll still run out of food in about one game's year length after reaching 40 citizens. The game looks beautiful and all the UI is fantastic though. I can reccomend this game with the hopes that certain bugs will get fixed soon. It does have occasionaly crashing issues but i'm not sure if this is the game or my system, still haven't figured that out yet. The game is worth the $$ IMO though especially after snagging a couple mods."
,Recommended,496460,32549691,Posted: 18 June,all,Fornix,"Slow paced medieval city building game, tons of micromanagement. Very enjoyable if that's the playstyle you're in to. Nice additional touch to go out and gather / hunt in first person view as well."
,Recommended,496460,32496212,Posted: 17 June,all,knightoftheforce1381,"I really like this game but i do wish that would be a bit more to it and a better use fot the watch towers than just killing animals, maybe pirates can attack your village and u need soldiers to deffend your home. But overall i do like the game."
76561198017188773,Recommended,496460,32162487,Posted: 3 June,all,Robineus,"I've played banished as well and both of these very recently in order to compare so here we go:Yes it clearly is a blatant rip off of banished, I'm very surprised if there isn't a legal issue going on here somewhere. That said banished is as far as I can see a finished game and this is still being updated. So what does it have that banished base game doesn't:More buildings, different and better music (subjective), does not have irritating building, stonemining, cutting, farmyard noises which drown out everything else, houses are better and more varied with upgrade options, better UI more information is given in the base state of clicking on a house and menus provide clearer more detailed information overall, houses work better for family arrangements, no more old people causing the death of said village by hogging homesteads. Wildlife, which at the moment doesn't do a lot except add hunting options as the bears don't seem nearly hostile enough and there are too many of them, the ability to build walls and decorations. mines of which they have added a clay mine are more easily built and don't leave horrible huge holes, Vastly improved graphics.Possibly balance issues: Farming is a little funny, you can't assign more people to efficiently harvest a field, (it gets done when it's done) which is a problem if you're nearing winter which will destroy all the crop. General laborers and builders are terrible about getting their work done and will often be assigned from the furthest away house only to tap once or twice at their job and then run home to sleep. Day and night cycle which doesn't make a lot of sense given it's fast seasonal. Trees make it very hard to see the village leading you to often clear large spaces around village even if you didn't need to.Overall the game is more fun to play for me than banished and the fact that people are still working to improve/tweak it makes it worth recommending."
76561198144000938,Recommended,496460,32159762,Posted: 3 June,all,Lucaception,"Brilliant! cant stop playing, cant stop figuring out how to make the best ocd perfect lined up city without losing focus on people constant dying, so demanding!!!"
76561198035648967,Recommended,496460,32230120,Posted: 6 June,all,SilverThunder,"A few bugs here and there. Terriforming can be frustrating. Still, fun as heck if you enjoyed Banished (this is definately a spiritual sucsesor). Definetely more to do it seems."
76561198039524818,Recommended,496460,32228385,Posted: 6 June,all,sixtywatt,"Only just got this game but im really enjoying it. Learning curve is good and very easy to pick up.It does strike me as a copy of banished but this is a much better version, the atmosphere of the game and how the game feels just works, at the end of the day this is a more polished game, in the way it plays and how it looks, which to me i think it looks amazing."
76561198041146436,Not Recommended,496460,32155693,Posted: 3 June,all,Wicked,"Boring, but kinda fun.Its a very casual game. Most the time you will be sitting there watching the little people run around on the screen at 10x speed. You can walk away from this game for an hour and not much would happen. Even though its kind of a brainless game without much challenge its still fun. The game does throw you a curve ball every now and then when your house catches fire or someone diees in childbirth..ect.My game also disconnects constantly and its not due to the internet.All in all this game is okay however NOT worth $25I wouldn't pay more then $8 for this game."
76561198115902953,Recommended,496460,32166541,Posted: 3 June,all,nck_doucette,"So after for a few hours, I have to say I enjoy join playing. Many others are giving it a bad wrap because its just Banished (Which I've Never Played). But this game is great. I do fell like population growth is slow and gathering some resources is slow. For instance if you have a Stone and Clay Quarry having someone in there should boost gathering since it's a high concentration of it in the one area. I know it's early access. Overall pretty good."
76561197994021612,Recommended,496460,32176519,Posted: 4 June,all,Chricki,"This Game is just awesome! There are so many details, you can spend so much time building up your Village, or even walk around as a villager.It contains a lot of deepness in form of resource gathering, food production, crafting stuff like Tools or Clothes. You have total freedom while creating and building up your Village, the Terraforming option is really helpful for expanding and shaping the Island.It also has a ""late Game motivation"", you can build up a Port and send villagers on discovery missions to get new stuff like cows or sheeps, you can also build a castle with walls towers, a keep and so on.So give It a try you won´t be dissapointed!"
76561198027192715,Recommended,496460,32231512,Posted: 6 June,all,akeller2008,This game is for anyone who loved Banished but wanted a little more from it. Its pretty much Banished on steroids. The mechanics are very similar but the gameplay its a little slower. The first person is really cool and the graphics are surprisingly good in it. THIS IS NOT A BANISHED RIPOFF AT ALL. Its a unique game and so far its been a lot of fun to play. Mods made an immediate difference in the enjoyability of the game. Its very unforgiving without them. All in all though its worth the money and if your looking for a great rustic city builder this is a great game.
,Recommended,496460,32414417,Posted: 14 June,all,Tooway™,IT'S JUST LIEK Banished : Thumbs up :
,Recommended,496460,33834231,Posted: 27 July,all,Buller,I do not understand why there are so many negative comments. Game is perfect!!
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,496460,32265632,Posted: 8 June,all,WHOOLEE,"Played 18 hours, simply cant play anymore, the content is severly lacking.Forget about MODS expanding its lifespan as well, there are only a few mods out there, they all do the same sort of thing and they all suck tbh.The sound is just terrible in this game as well and nothing can fix it apparently.To top it all off, the Devs have abandoned this game and do practically anything to fix it all.Dont bother, it is not what it seems.It could have been good, even awsome but it was not followed through and is a quick cash in on Banished."
76561198007683294,Not Recommended,496460,31998076,Posted: 27 May,all,NeonHaggis,"The '1st major patch' seems to have caused as many problems as it fixed.Also for some reason they have removed the 'night' - you just go from sunset to sunrise in a few seconds, the screenshots showing night scenes no longer represent the game as it is.Needs some fixing still."
,Not Recommended,496460,30878327,Posted: 1 April,all,PEEP JAK,"I like this over banish.It is beautiful, the map is huge.But there are a lot of improvement must be done before publish the game. And they did publish the game, it is not broken but it is not 'there' yet. The early game is beatiful, despite you may have micro manage a bit to max it efficient. But the late gam is tedious, the logistic and storage are minimal, which force you to handle a lot of things manually.So at the moment, it is a thumb down. If devs keep their promise. may be I will think again.P/S: Looks like devs are abandoned this"
76561198033627309,Recommended,496460,34719642,Posted: 3 September,all,Sanju_ksk,The Game Became Unplayable. Even tried reisntalling. But No use. Game Window Just opens and runs in Background. Please fix it guys
,Recommended,496460,33254594,Posted: 4 July,all,Luco,"Too many times have I saw villagers who are hungry who are also gathering food to then deliver the food to storage and then instead of taking the food from the barn and bringing it to their house they continue to farm until they die. The AI is petty and needs a lot of work. Addicting game until you start realizing how dumb the AI is.EDIT: Played a new game, used a mod to increase food production to reasonable levels and now i finally broke 100 people, 20 hrs of gameplay in the new game and I am satisfied."
76561198141680785,Recommended,496460,35000063,Posted: 16 September,all,i_got_blisters,"Reveiw update: A very beautiful looking game with a rich complex system. I'm having fun playing it. If you like city building games, you'll probably like this one.Only problem is the game is still not quite finished. Still has some bugs and glitches but is still very playable. The game breaking auto-save bug appears to have been fixed, so that's good.I stepped into this game thinking it was a finished polished product. It is not. So my first review reflected that. As long as you know and accept that the game is still being tweaked and polished, you'll love the game."
76561198000563746,Not Recommended,496460,32317394,Posted: 10 June,all,bspawn,"Revisiting my review: 4 months after release the game still is far from finished and has many bugs.I must change my thumbs-up to a thumbs-down.It is a fun game, but still fully in development in spite of being released. Bugs and gamebalance is still being fixed (and new bugs introduced), and the new feature of viking raids is not yet implemented.For those who do not want deal with the hassle of bugs and an unfinished game I recommend holding off buying the game for a while."
76561197998494738,Recommended,496460,34987480,Posted: 15 September,all,theneille,"Though I have been waiting for a complex and interesting strategy game, this one shows promise and will eventually get there. Suggestions:1. Allow the atmosphere effects be controlled especially fogging by the player. This is presenting a white out while playing. A clean and crisp look is preferred by many.2. The tutorial is the entry point of each player into learning the game. A little more work is needed to make it more educational and less frustrating. A smooth simpler aproach at first, then when the basics are covered a deeper and more detailed coverage. Most players want to know how the game works, so that they can play it. Whe they see that they are looking for more, then a dig into how to tweek it, rekindles the enthusiasm.If the tutorial does not give the player a thirst to play and an urge dig into the depht to control the game, you have lost the draw power for your game.Keep it up it is starting to looking good."
76561197972083544,Recommended,496460,32076312,Posted: 30 May,all,G.dot,Very good - but the game is not complete. Getting better and better with every patch.
76561198030163156,Recommended,496460,33380781,Posted: 8 July,all,GreatBeard,LIF FV is a very promising game. There are a lot of things about it that are ver nice and well done... And once it reaches maturity it will be a great game.
