user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,496490,24427418,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Dr0W,"I really like the software, but I'm really displease by the 1st week DLC of an early access costing half the price of it. Not only that, since it was Early Access I thought they would update it with more content until release.I might sound harsh but I wouldn't buy it at all had I known that not only the content they had already done would be paid but it would cost half the price of the program.So, the program is good but it really lacks content. With the base stuff all you can do is bland, simple dungeons. I was expecting at least 3 or 4 more types of content (exterior, houses, castles, whatever) for it to feel ""complete."" But I guess I'd have to pay the double, possibly the triple, of what I paid for the base stuff.I tried refunding but Steam denied. I guess I'm going to wait for steam sales IF the DLC costs at least half the price they cost now. Serves me right for buying Early Access stuff upon release.TLDR; Software is good, but it lacks content and each DLC costs half the price of it. Buy it if you expect investing lots of money for content."
,Not Recommended,496490,24406694,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Dooker,"Program works great, although the developer withheld content and released week 1 DLC for half the cost of the original game.  Original game, 30 bucks, first week DLC, 15 bucks.  Even after the developer answered questions online that he wanted to keep the DLC's cheap and not adding up to be more expensive than the original cost of the game, but this 50% completed program will easily exceed the DLC price ceiling that was claimed to be set.  If you want to get the best usage out of this game, you're going to have to dish out more than you'd like to in order to get all the DLC's unless you only ever want to create underground cave/dungeon chamber maps.TL;DR   DLC should not be this expensive only 1 week after release - or have included this DLC in the original game.  I would consider maybe half the cost as they are now to even warrant a reasonable purchase price."
,Not Recommended,496490,24446459,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Radbeard,"Software does some neat stuff that makes building battle mat's accessible to more people and with lower effort. It could use some improvements in utility like copying and pasting sections (placing many walls is needlessly time consuming). As well as camera controls with auto move the camera into looking down perfectly, if you have the camera at a small angle and take a picture then software like fantasy grounds will have a very hard time indentifying squares due to perspective.The real problem with the software are the business decisions behind it. $30 for the intiial buy in is pretty good. I would have paid $40. However it comes with assets only for the more classic dungeons. Clearly the model is to sell lots of DLC to flesh out the capabilities of the program. The problem here is that the first DLC (published a week into ""early-access"" mode and before a number of basic functionalities like I mentioned above are incldued), is $15. If you need only the base software to do what you want then this is probably worth the cost. But if you are looking for a map-making software to invest in for the long-haul then Multiply that $15 out by 10-15-20 over time as you buy all the DLC. The cost is high, and the developer response has been to say ""tough luck"".Ultimately I would say for SURE wait until this software is out of ""early access"" As it may provide you with a better view of what their DLC roadmap looks like. Right now it's dismaying. I suspect that once it is out of early access it might be worth buying a big pack of DLC if sufficiently discounted, but either way you will have a better idea of what costs your opting into."
76561197972118795,Not Recommended,496490,24506107,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,All American,"I'm extremely disappointed. I purchased this software the first day it became available on Steam. As a builder, I was very excited to get my hands on this tool. I went into this purchase knowing full well that this was an Alpha release, that there may be bugs, and that it would be an unfinished product. I accepted that, and looked forward to seeing this software reach completion. So, why am I not recommending this? It would seem Dragom's business practices are a bit on the shady, selfish, and unethical side. Allow me to elucidate:When you pay for a video game which is still in Alpha, do you expect to have to pay more for the content that was intended to be in the final release? No. As an example, I've logged HUNDREDS of hours into Ark: Survival Evolved since its initial release. The have added a plethora of new content to their game at no additional charge. That's how Alpha is intended to work.The initial release of Virtual Battlemap offered a fair amount of (incomplete, IMHO) ""classic"" dungeon tile sets. Adequate enough to build basic dungeon rooms. By no means were these tiles flawless or even remotely complete. Within a couple of weeks the released their first official DLC pack at HALF THE COST OF THE CORE SOFTWARE!!! Pay DLC for an Alpha product with bugs and incomplete tile sets. If you bother scrutinizing the core tiles you will notice many of the models are incomplete. Walls and other terrain features are often missing a side, making them less useful if you try to creatively manipulate them. So, why should we be paying for what is likely to be more partialy completed assets?I am very sorry to be one of the folks who backed this product for Steam Greenlight. I now regret having given Dragom any of my money. This is not a breakthrough in map building software. There is nothing special about this software that anyone with a modest level of competence could not learn to create with Unity (yes, this uses Unity). It is not unreasonable to want to profit off your time and effort. It is unreasonable to expect people to pay extra to fill in the gaps on your unfinished project.Do not even consider buying this product until it is out of Alpha and is getting daily positive reviews again."
76561198048974498,Recommended,496490,33193373,Posted: 3 July,all,rjmacready,"In all honesty, this is one of those products you either have a use for or you don't, so the only questions beyond that are quality and value.Does this product do what it promises to do? Yes it does. I've gotten some very nice results out of it. Suffice it to say, though, it's also one of those propositions where there's not that much you can do with the basic package, and need to splash out on no end of DLC to exploit the product's full potential. Which brings us to the question of value.Here's where the negatives come in. The developers seem hell-bent on only putting the basic product on sale, and even then never for more than 20% off, despite it being released a year ago. The DLC? Never, ever seems to go on sale. I've even commented upon this in forums - something I only rarely do - to which the devs responded with an official party line about their prices being ""compatible with the current market"", or words to similar effect.This attitude may, unfortunately, have some bearing upon how relatively few reviews of the product have been written, which I can only presume has resulted in similarly disappointing sales. It is, of course, the prerogative of the devs to sell their product at any price they damn well please, but unfortunately this is Steam, which is ultimately a bit of a ""sales"" culture.Anyone who looks at this Store page right now will see the main product at a sale price, and a whopping great swag of DLC for nothing but full price. Even the DLC which was released almost a year ago. You don't have to be a psychologist to realise that most punters will see this as a good reason to promptly move on, and find something else to buy with their hard-earned sales moolah.Which is a shame, really, because it's a good - if limited - product beyond that. I personally have been hanging out for some DLC goodies for some time now, but always find myself waiting for that elusive 10 or 20% off. And I don't kid myself: I'm not THAT unique, so if I'm doing this, so are others. Maybe I'll crumble some day, or perhaps the devs will crumble first.My advice to those who are still interested is to chuck this in your wishlist, then wait for the prices to come down. Unless you have bucketloads of money, of course, in which case you may as well just buy the whole ♥♥♥♥ing lot right now. Good for some, eh?Verdict: 7.5/10."
,Not Recommended,496490,32211602,Posted: 5 June,all,Nordestino dos Pântanos,"It's sad I bought this with the same illusion as the others reviews. It takes a long time to get anything significant and the worst part to me was having to place a tile per time to make a floor and in the end you got yourself the corner of your room. DLCs very expensive... and yes, devs, I've already read your ""justification"".I do not recommend it since it lacks a lot of content for the price it is. These kind of programs were supposed to make a dungeon master's life easier by speeding up the maps making process, but that's not what this program offers. It had (still has?) a great potencial, but it didn't achieve half of what it could be."
76561198056186836,Not Recommended,496490,29636566,Posted: 1 February,all,fritz ownz you,"I was really excited when I found this program, as I had been mulling over the idea of using a TV to display environments for my players in our D&D sessions. I had looked into other programs like Campaign Cartographer or Dunjini, but since those programs are about 10 years old, and at least $50+ each for the basic programs, I tried to find alternatives and found this. After I had spent some time with it, however, my optimism quickly faded.The amount of time it took to make anything meaningful was atrocious. In the two hours of play time I had before I asked for a refund, I didn't really have anything to show for it except for a handful of really small rooms, and they weren't even that impressive. All of the tiles in the game had to be placed one at a time, including floors and walls. There wasn't any features akin to clicking and dragging while placing a floor tile to create a 10x10 room, for example. While the effects are neat (like the dust, wind, water, and torchlight), when you export your creations they are no longer animated.On that note, your exports are just a screenshot of the game. If your camera is off center, or not zoomed in or out all the way, what you see is literally what you get. It made for some really low quality pictures when zoomed in on my TV, and since the environments were in 3D, there was a sort of blossoming out effect with the top-down view. The camera was also a pain to maneuver.Lastly, the core game leaves a lot to be desired. The amount of assets included feel minimal, and samey, and with multiple add-ons with an asking price of $15 each bring the ""true cost"" of this program up to $100. Otherwise, you cannot make anything interior, nature, or cave themed, which are pretty frequent environments players seem to find themselves in, and we all know it."
,Recommended,496490,24171668,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SerenDark,"I have not explored Virtual Battlemap fully yet, as I've only made a quick small map and played around with things. However, I wanted to get this review out there to help those who may be interested but aren't quite sure what to expect.I will personally be using this program to help visualize the levels that I may want to create myself via 3D modelling or pixel art, for my own hobby  purposes. However, I would use it for Dungeons & Dragons as well if I were involved in that, and I'm sure those into Pathfinder and other board games could get use out of this.If you do not have familiarity with any software that allows you to manipulate objects in a 3D space, then using this program has a learning curve for you. If you have some experience in Blender, Unity3D, Unreal Engine, 3DS Max, Maya, Cinema 4D etc etc, you should be able to just hop in right away.While the default controls seem to be different, you navigate the space in Virtual Battlemap similarly to in the above software. You can rotate the camera, move it to the sides or up and down, you can pan the camera, you can zoom. Objects are on an X, Y, Z grid and have handles to move them (the different colored arrows on different axes) or you can move them with your mouse. You scale things up and down and rotate them using keyboard shortcuts. There are two modes: Edit mode, where you can select objects that you've aleady placed and control their transitional handles, and then Edit mode being turned off, where you simply place objects and can't select them individually. Although pressing Ctrl+Z seems to, regardless of whether or not Edit mode is on or not, display the transitional handles for a random object each time you press it. You hold down Ctrl for object snapping.A couple quick cons:Object snapping doesn't seem to be very precise. It does help guide you when placing objects, but was always a little to the side in regards to flat floor tiles. Such a thing is easily fixed by afterwards moving the individual objects using the handles, but still.Using the arrow keys to move the camera feels really slow. However, being able to pan the camera seems to make up for it a bit, but even just a little speed boost would be nice.A couple things that I really like so far:Being able to scroll through the object selection box by dragging to the left or right with the mouse. An arrow on the far left or far right would be nice, but this dragging ability is amazing.The automatic light emition by candles/torches/etc. It's really nice.The amount of variety! Some texture variations in the future would be great. Steam workshop?The Dungeon Structures! They're really good ideas,Adding more furniture and allowing for texture variations if it doesn't already could really help this out, plus some basic monster models like goblins. Based on what it DOES have right now though, as really new, I wouldhighlyrecommend it. It's easy and efficient if you want to make a dungeon map. (I did not consider the price in this review.)There are categories of objects/things to place, the rest of this review covers them overall.Dungeon PlaceablesThere looks to be a TON of stuff in this category. These are the furniture-esque things that you decorate a level with.Includes:BarrelsCrates/buckets/stuff to fill space withChests, slabs, broken and unbroken pillars of all kindsVarious bottles and vasesChunks of rocks of various shapes, many different tree roots or branchesVarious anvil setups, piles of metal pieces and wood pieces, a shield, weapon racks, decorative weapons, chainsTables, and a lot more. There's a lot here. Some of it seems to crossover into other categories.Dungeon WallsVarious stone wallsCorner piecesWall chunks of all shapes with various holes through themDoorways, arches, metal spikes, wall pieces with barred windows or wooden blockades of various typesWhat can I say, they're walls. There's a lot of different variations. They're all dungeon themed.Dungeon LightingCandles and torches sitting on the ground, on the walls, hanging by chains from aboveLight of all colors, best used to change the color of the above lights it seems but they can make things glowOr you can have random glowing spots, you can make stuff glow by placing these on themIt seems like these affect the overall scene lighting so you can get different moods, but it might be that clicking on different ones changes the colors of someI'm not sure how it works yet, but overall the lighting seems really nice. The candles and torches and stuff emit light automatically. It's really cool.Dungeon FloorsSquare floor tiles! Clean and unbroken, variations with a few stone bricks being missing, variations with grates in them, variations with marks and bordersRound corner pieces, lava squares, gravel, just variations of metal grates (changed shapes, where holes are, etc)Carpets of all colors both square and rectangular, including torn onesPiles of stone and floor tiles that are broken with but a corner or side remainingBroken floor tiles with some wood pieces patching it up, looks very breakable for fellow adventurersThe variety here is really nice, but yeah they're all dungeon themed and either purple-ish, green-ish or gray in colorDungeon StructuresThere are six things here. These are objects that seem to act as frames or starting points for you to build off of.A small staircase leading into another one with a blue glow that is inset into like a stone wall with torches on the sides. The top part of the stairs, with the blue glow, isn't practical for someone to walk up since the stone gets in the way of their body, blocking them off, but I think the intention of this might be like a warp point rather than a staircase that actually directly leads somewhere. Like, they reach this staircase and then are ""teleported"" into the next area or room, as opposed to being in one continuous building or place.Same as the above but with unlit torches and no blue glow. Compared to the other one, this one actually feels dead. That might be a neat plot point or detail for your setting. Maybe the torches need to be lit for the glow to be there and then the staircase can actually literally teleport you?Two staircases facing each other from opposite sides of an empty (no floor tiles) room, with a short square wall going all the way around. This is essentially just a frame to build from. It's really neat, though.Same as the above, but the staircases are closer together at opposite ends of a mini-hallway instead of a room, and they seem to lead down into the ground a little. Both the wall on the left and right have a little inset square where a candle or something could be placed. There's no floor tiles, this is another frame to work with. It seems well suited for descalation.Same as the above, but instead of the two hallway walls, theres a little square room on each side. This piece feels particualrly dungeon-like to me for whatever reason. Seems like it could be a good resting or starting point for travelers or heroes.This last one is actually a staircase that leads down into the ground, bringing you to a short hallway and an open doorway.Dungeon ParticlesFires, dust, a fly swarm, various colors of fogSmoke, sparks, waterDirt or mud smears, lavaDungeon SpecialA variety of labled markers to place on the map. A human-shaped marker as well.Dungeon TilesSome floor tiles with wall-like decorations on the sides."
,Not Recommended,496490,32486856,Posted: 16 June,all,Ace,"I felt ripped off more than anything else in my Steam library. The time it takes to do anything is one thing, but I bought this software under the words of teh creator that there would be TONS of new content continously updating the program. Stupid me was to naive to think any of it would be free or even affordable. I will never support this developer again."
76561197971118994,Recommended,496490,24983277,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,JigSawMan,"This is just another great piece of software I now have in my cartography arsenal.  The price was right and frankly the DLC pricing is right too.  There are a lot of haters that seem to think that creating graphics for a program like this dirt cheap.  That's just not the case.  Graphics cost cash and frankly with the sheer number of maps you can make (infinite) with this program, combined with the ability to use them commercially if you get the proper licensing, I just do not understand the negativity.It's a great program, it has great feature, the DEVs are always right there to chime in and answer questions.  What more could you ask for?  Asking for virtually free content is not something you should ask for.  Cheers to the DEVs for this program.  It's awesome and I hope the continue to put out more DLC.  I'll be there to scoop it up!JSM"
76561197975843855,Not Recommended,496490,27735782,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Callous,"The export feature is just a screenshot, meaning that it's whatever your screen resoultion is. So, if you are using a low end system, you are going to get lots of ugly. When porting to roll20 it doesn't look very good either. Combined with the all the DLC addons, it's expensive for what you get."
76561198007216063,Not Recommended,496490,26243414,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Peter B,"I bought the program with the hopes of using it together with Roll20, but the limitations of the map export feature makes it hard to create anything uselful. I'm also dissappointed with the DLC policy that have me pay extra for what I feel should had been a part of the package right from the beginning.Closing word: If youre looking for a way to project a map on a TV and play directly on the picture, or just to show of how a cave or dungeon looks, this might be it but it's more or less useless when it comes to a VTT."
,Recommended,496490,26331641,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,we_todd_id_1,"This program is not cheap, especially when combined with all the DLC- but holy cow is it good!!  I was able to make some REALLY good looking locations within an hour of downloading this program.  I have some background in 3d art and for me the learning curve on this program to get the basics was about 5 minutes- it was intuitive and familiar feeling- a big plus.  The assets/dlc work very well with each other, and it exports an insanely fine picture at humongous dimensions- like 6400 x 3000 pixels- well over enough to provide a sharp and clear printed image.  The detail work and the variety in the assets (I have all the dlcs) is very good in my opinion.  Not only is this program very usefull for top down maps- it generates excellent scenes from any perspective (except I was unable to find interior ceilings) and could generate great background images.  At the risk of sounding over the top- this package and its dlcs gave me a feeling of something like god-mode level creativity.  Thanks for this program- for me it's worth every penny I paid and then some."
76561198011955965,Not Recommended,496490,25688085,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Rune,"For some reason the editor does not show up on my library list, even though i have bought it. I can launch it by going to the store page, and clicking ""use now"" below the line of text telling me its already in my library.Im liking the editor, but some basic functionality seems to be missing to make this really awesome. A quick  list of such items would be:1, Ability to place static cameras that can be switched to by hotkeys2, Ability to make hide items in groups etc.3, Ability to make animated templates for various spell effects4, Ability to upload my own models5, Interconectivity with your other app6, Ability to export the maps as standalone ""apps"" for use on virtual tables.7, Multiuser access, so you can use one screen to show the players their view, and have your master account connected too"
,Recommended,496490,25686322,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Imxset21,"I use this mostly for making Roll20 maps. The interface is a little clunky and the print exports aren't as high quality as they could be, but thankfully it has enough assets and features to make it a much better replacement than just buying random maps from the net"
,Recommended,496490,33317709,Posted: 6 July,all,Ambient Vibe,"I wasn't really sure whether I should write a review for this software or not - especially after I've initially struggled with using it and at first, found it largely un-intuitive. BUT... a recent campaign which I am going to run for our D6 based Star Wars virtual tabletop group has inspired me to give Virtual Battlemap another try, and so here I am ... attempting to do just that and give the program an unbiased review.First off, this is a settings builder. It is a software that can help you as a GM (or a 3d visual artist) build a variety of places that make great visual aids in depicting fantasy role-playing scenarios. Now that I've had several hours to tinker with it, I can see that it is a lot like online LEGO - and like LEGO, it comes with a variety of DLCs or 'sets' that you can apply in creating a stunning visual of your game or adventure setting.True to its description, VB is a program that will help you build tabletop rpg maps in virtual space and then export them as high quality images for live gaming purposes (whether tabletop or online play.) Exporting these maps for either of the aforementioned purposes can utilize high quality resolution, although I have only had the chance to test the online option, so far (given that our group only does virtual tabletop gaming, we do not have much use for the hard copy print outs).I have to say that I was very pleased with the results; the lighting module which can change the ambiance of your setting in a flash - was especially stunning - specifically when building maps that were meant to project a particular type of ambiance, or mood. The amount of objects accessible so far, via various DLCs - is satisfactory and suitable for my purposes as a GM - the only area it is currently lacking in, is more science fiction components. I am patient however, and hope that more such relevant DLCs will be released in the near future.Second, the controls. After having seen (at long last), the beginner's tutorial video (available both on YouTube and on the Developer's website), I finally gained a solid understanding of how to become more efficient with the program's mechanics.  I recommend this video to anyone who finds the software intimidating - you will find that as concise as it is, it gives you all the tools you need, to get going - and fast, too. (I am myself a visually impaired person, and I have to say even I find these controls to be easy to learn and manipulate.) All it took, was a little bit of patience.Third, lets talk Price - and I mean, the whole price - including the DLCs. Sure, at $30 it is not considered 'inexpensive', and with the DLC's averaging at around half the price of the software, you will quickly spend a $100 without thinking about it. Yet, when you consider how much the basic LEGO set is, and then try to buy 5 or 6 *themed* sets to accompany it, you will spend quite a bit more. Basically, the way I see it, is this: What is the utility provided by this software, worth - to YOU? Is it worth what the developer asking for? Do you believe he has put in enough (or more than enough) effort, to warrant the price tag?It definitely, is - to me.As a Game Master who has spent years utilizing PDFs and crappy images of things found online (which more often than not, were grossly inadequate), I find Virtual Battlemap to be a breath of fresh air. YES, it will take time to build things with this software. YES, it will take a lot of patience on the user's part. YES, it will cost you some money if you wish to invest in it to the point where you can do everything and anything the software is capable of building. (I chose to forego going to Subway once a week to get myself a DLC. After a few months, I had all the DLCs I needed.) Yet in return, you will have a ton of fun, creating your own custom map which your players will appreciate and be awed by - as a Game Master, that is all the reward I need. :)Thus, for the time being - I give it a 9/10 - with room for growth.FINAL VERDICT:Highly Recommended - for patient, imaginative, open-minded Game Masters"
76561198042599675,Not Recommended,496490,34788206,Posted: 6 September,all,Cyan Kyuubi,"-Controls barely functional-Incredibly small amount of work done for one years time-The price vs the amount you get is absolutely nothing.With this small review, just don't buy it. Buy maps off roll20 that you can make yourself.For 5 dollars, you can get the same amount of items that's in this game, but waaaay cheaper."
76561198061716394,Recommended,496490,25413734,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Deadfrost,"For a long time, I've searched a software that would give me the opportunity to make my own tabletops for rpgs. Virtual Battlemap is the perfect software because it's easy to use, there are lots of props to add and to play with and the price (with dlc) is pretty fair for it is."
76561197960590742,Recommended,496490,24620127,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,R.I.Kuklinski,"I give it 9.9/10See the links to my maps made in Virtual Battlemap.If you are searching for a way to build detailed maps for Fantasy Grounds, Roll20 or to print, then this is it.Easy and quick to use and the results are just fantastic.Endless possibilities for making maps from hundreds different elements and add some light, fire, smoke effeckts.The 3D environment lets you take screenshot from difrent areas in the map to show points of interest.Here are som links to the first few maps i have build.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=733040626http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=732031496http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=732685152http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=731449832http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=733695872"
76561198004451411,Recommended,496490,24824752,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,aghris,"I love this program. It's easily the best available right now to create quick and great looking maps. Although the UI can use some more tweaking, there is definitely room to improve on the assets, and with the pricing of the DLC the cost for the full program can quickly get out of hand, the team has done an excellent job to provide a tool for any GM. They listen to suggestions and are quick to respond to requests, features and bug reports."
,Recommended,496490,25181068,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Spadie,"Really solid mapping tool for RPGs. The library of items is quickly expanding in the form of DLCs. Once the wilderness and town DLCs are released, it'll be a fairly complete package for basic DnD settings. Forests, towns, buildings (interior and exterior), caves, dungeons... Could make an entire campaign just using these.Another thing I must mention is the developer, he is very active in the community forum, always responding to suggestions and feedback. I haven't had a single comment go unanswered thusfar.Really looking forward to future content!If you're unsure about it, wait for a sale, even if just on DLC. If you're a DM then you can't really go wrong!Edit: I should say, because of how the grid works and how the game takes top-down screenshots, it doesn't work well for Roll20. You have to turn the grid off and manually size and move all of the tokens. But other than that, it's great. Small price to pay for being able to show your party first person images of a room they enter in high detail."
76561198079772716,Recommended,496490,25282086,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,LittlePoulpia,"Finally, a mapping program for RPG. Finally a program worthy of our party. Simple, clear, purified. The graphic quality is just amazing. Thank you for this program, we continue to make good DLC to enlarge the possibility."
76561198024686789,Not Recommended,496490,25861819,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,lygerzero0zero,"I was really excited when this program was first announced and I saw the preview, being an avid roleplayer and a DM. However, I have to say, even after a few minutes of messing around with it, I was disappointed.My computer isn't the greatest, but it's run other 3D games fine. This software lagged even on the fastest settings. Exporting is slow, which wouldn't be as much of a problem if it at least displayed a progress bar. I thought the program had crashed! (which it did a few times anyway)Not only that, the interface is incredibly clunky and hard to use. Maybe it's just me, but I had a hell of a time with the camera controls. I'd try to reorient the camera with the right mouse button, and my view would fly around the map uncontrollably. Meanwhile, if I tried to navigate around the map with WASD, I felt like I was crawling at a snail's pace.There didn't seem to be an obvious duplicate or copy-paste command (maybe I just didn't find it), which seems like one of the first things you'd want in a dungeon builder. Furthermore, there didn't appear to be a way to make parts snap to each other (they did snap to the building grid, at least). What was also a bit confusing was that the parts models were partly transparent if you looked at them from the wrong angle.Overall, I must say I was expecting more for this price. The graphics look great, but the program is just too hard to use. It would be faster for me to just drag tiles around in Photoshop."
,Recommended,496490,24441115,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,RinVindor,"I give this a 9/10.Its EA so I temper my expectations and I've tinkered with it enough to know I'll be using it for all my future map buildings.I typically do all my map hosting via Roll20 and this is great for that very purpose. I am really excited to see what else DLC they introduce and if they'll get workshop implemented so I can see what we can all produce together for tabletop gaming.**Edit**Since having written my review this program has become a much more varied setup! The devs have given us the features we've requested (that can be reasonably done of course) and even if they can't they've got it down for the future to add or whenever Unity wants to try and support a new feature ;DThe main thing I love is that the community even has a requests section that was stickied detailing all the types of DLC we want to see in the future and its quite a list.At this point I'm bumping my rating up another point to 9/10, the only thing now keeping me from giving this all my heart and soul is a much needed GUI rework as it can be a little clunky to use right now but they've already stated they're in the works of doing just that."
,Recommended,496490,24268647,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Garry-Boy,"This program is an incredible tool for game masters, who love creating custom content for their intrepid adventurers.The software breaks the limits, giving its user full control of the dungeons design, from basic layout, to the artistic style, and planning out exactly where that secret room or trap is hiding. With its array of items to choose from, users can place down entire wall sections in an instant or precisely place various bones and pots across a bookshelf.Though it’s not perfect, the software is a little rough around the edges regarding its current UI, and so far the theme of objects is limited to the fantasy dungeon vibe, hopefully this will be expanded upon in future.Those with the talent, or the willingness to learn, Virtual Battlemap is a powerful tool that many game masters should consider adding to their repertoire."
,Recommended,496490,24658289,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ILoveboobies,"This software is amazing.I have no artistic skills. I dont know how to use campaign cartographer or photoshop. I've never used a 3D software program before...In the short span that I've been using this software I have been able to create custom maps for all of Level Four of DCC #51 Castle Whiterock and as soon as my players make it about half way through the level I'll be working on making maps for level five. Once you get the hang of it, it takes about 20-30 minutes to make a room with a decent level of detail. If you have the time and are highly detailed oriented you could spend as much time as you want adding features and detail to the room. As a GM all I need is a simple and fun battlemap.I've been able to customize the battlemaps to the exact description of the room. Everything from a barrel/well water room to a room with the skeleton of a storm giant. My players were impressed and enjoyed the battlemaps.The programmers are very responsive to feedback and suggestions if you post in the discussion forum. I cant wait for more DLC and the improvements that are recommended. This is game changing software.Here is the giant room and the artists impression of the room vs what I was quickly able to do with battlemapshttps://castlewhiterock-1.obsidianportal.com/adventure-log/the-cloud-giant-towerHere is a barrel trap room/ well water room. I was able to match the description of the room exactly.https://castlewhiterock-1.obsidianportal.com/adventure-log/finishing-off-level-threeMind you this is me with no skills. Check out some of the screenshots done by people with real talent...I cant recommend this software enough. For its price and what it can do this is the real deal."
,Not Recommended,496490,25600332,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ShoTro,"Updated after a bit more use.I still can't recommend the software. The menu system is a mess. The more DLC you pay for the more cluttered and frustrating it is to find anything. Selecting items that fall under other items is near impossible... if there is a way to select something without finding its center, please let me know, but so far I keep losing items that get stuck inside landscape or other features I have added. There are instructions teaching you how to use the software, but it is just not easy.No reasonable fixes to my issues with the software has been provided, but DLC seems to be coming out in a constant stream. It seems like this is the priority for the developer. Release the software with problems, leave the problems and pimp more DLC after already getting enough money from people to launch a full game with just a simple editor.It just isn't easy to use and the problem is only getting worse when you pay the developer more money. Seems backwards."
,Recommended,496490,26021320,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,TheOneCurly™,"Please add a prompt before overwriting existing files! This is a great system and I spent a good amount of time on a dungeon room, until I clicked save instead of load when switching between rooms."
,Recommended,496490,25018603,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,EZ$$,"Pretty fun to make maps on, easy and simple. It would be nice if there was a way to rotate the camera while holding an item. Or maybe I am just dumb, but I have not found a way. Either way, good software, easy to use, and also fun. Making maps/dungeons for my DnD club is fun!"
,Recommended,496490,24174088,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,LeRoyRobenson,"This.  All of this.  I've been waiting for a program like this to sort of help with our tabletop sessions.  Planning to do an overhead projector and simply use this app to toss maps onto the table.  I'm really hoping that there is going to be a lot more models and possibly the ability to import your own models for use.  Thanks for such a great program, keep it up!!!"
,Recommended,496490,24278102,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Socky Ð,"So far; So good!Not only is it easy to use, but the Dev is actively engaging with the users for feedback etc.I'm looking forward to additional content that the workshop and future dlc would bring, but right out of the box there is a good deal of models and sets to use."
,Recommended,496490,29118422,Posted: 8 January,all,Nimrodblack,I have only had this about 6 hours and I have already lost myself in creation of places (one of which I have no need for but it just kindof happened).  I am not much of an artist but placing these objects in 3D space for me has been a very fast process.  I have some ideas for DLC I would like to see but all of the basic structures you need are available in DLC already.  I am very happy with my purchase and now I have no excuse to get to building maps.  Thank you very much.
,Recommended,496490,24184767,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,sgste,"I already absolutely love this software. The interface is really easy to learn and the different tools are simple, yet effective.Sure, there's plenty of room to grow, but I don't doubt for a second that this is the perfect new tool for DM's to quickly and efficiently produce top-tier dungeon maps for their players.Not to mention the models and textures are absolutely beautiful!"
,Recommended,496490,24415596,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Cilicou,"Amazing tool for GM ! Helps create awesome maps and the interface, even if you need to get used to it, is quite easy to learn and to get gud with it ! I recommend this♥♥♥♥♥♥!- Build a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥map- put some effect at the tip- laugh while the players discover the map with fog of war on roll2010/10"
,Recommended,496490,24301710,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,qwerty321555,"This program is great. The concept is something I've been looking for since I started playing Dungeons and Dragons about 10 years ago. The UI leaves a little to be desired, but that's the only problem I've had so far (Being somewhat limited, I haven't played around with it that much yet.)  A very useful tool."
76561198002096572,Recommended,496490,24302320,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,BrickSlamchest,"I bought this software early because I want it to be successful. It can be difficult to create battlemaps if you have no artistic ability and even harder to find a map specifically for an encounter you want to run.How easy is it to use? The mapmaking process is very easy and can export a printable or virtual tabletop ready image for you with a single keystoke. I made a cavern/dungeon in my first 15 minutes with the software.What would I change about it? I would like to see the keybinds become customizable (it's possible they are, but I didn't see where to do it) for no other reason than panning the camera is not natural to me with the default controls. For example, you pan left and right with A and D, but W and S zooms the camera.To be worth the investment, his NEEDS additional tilesets for multiple settings such as forest, towns, but I understand that is already being worked on. As it stands currently, it really has a good variety of placeables and tiles to create some very nice dungeons. I hope the future tilesets are just as good."
,Recommended,496490,24631693,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,chrisiav,"When you read my review, please keep in mind the following: I do not have much experience with 3d software, I have zero drawing talent, I use PS and Gimp for photos, not for map making. I am a complete noob with this type of software so I can not offer comparasion with what's out there. That said, my review is this:BUY THIS SOFTWARE. It is fun to use, fun to create with, and fun to share the maps with your game group and have them get excited over using same in game. It is still early in development but he developers seem to have a nice presence in the forums and seem to be listening to suggestions. It takes some playing around with to learn and get used to the controls, especially at my level of experience. But within my first hour I was making a nice map and with each use, I get more comfortable with the controls. The printing options leave something to be desired and the UI could use some work but the developers appear to be working on user suggestions.Bottom line: If you are looking to making maps, especially for your VT game, this is a great place to start."
,Recommended,496490,24224997,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,BarlaVon,"Very awesome. I have yet to DM a game, but I've been looking for a map building tool JUST like this. Dead simple, great looking assets, easy to build. There's definitely room to grow, I'd love to see more tiles, but very happy with it so far.Edit: One month later,  this app still shines. A regular flow of awesome, high quality DLC, an incredibly responsive developer (even added in items to previous DLC's when I pointed out ones that I thought were missing! Who does that??) and yeah, a dead simple, does-what-you-want-it-to-do app. VBM is great. Highly recommend it and any DLC that suits your fancy. I definitely recommend at least the interiors pack."
76561198095636968,Recommended,496490,24289148,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,treyhawk82,"Ever sit there, wondering how you can create a map good enough for your players? Ever wonder what it's like to fully immserse your players in your own world with maps beyond your wildest dreams?  Well ponder these things no more! Buy Virtual Battlemap today and create all of the maps you want, with realtive ease of course! Sure, it takes a bit to learn but after that learning curve is surpassed, creating maps should be as easy as 123, given you have the right attitude and creativity for it. Good luck, and happy map making!"
76561198120806889,Recommended,496490,24688452,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Tomoyo,"I just happened to see this software on steam. I will not 3Dmax and Maya and other modeling procedures. Just started to be attracted by the map, because before playing Darksiders 2, looked at the more similar points in the look. And then I found out that MINECRAFT was about the same (I understand). Let love to create my interest, although it has just started a little do not understand, but had to admit that this is a very powerful program. Material, lighting, and dynamic effects are excellent. This program let me open the door to the new world."
76561198269025461,Recommended,496490,25880032,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,darkmatticus,This is great! Fantastic visuals and maps!
76561198286929736,Not Recommended,496490,24981002,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,bfosret,Is there any way to refund this?
,Not Recommended,496490,33201146,Posted: 3 July,all,Nodonn,"I am really on the fence about whether to give this a positive or a negative. I would like to give it a solid ""neutral"" and so I will give it a thumbs down FOR NOW until they fix some usability issues. While I am patient and persevere through them, or find work arounds, I shouldn't have to be since they are pretty simple things.Pros:Great texturesGreat Ideas for itCan make beautiful lighting on the maps.Cons:Expensive as hell (creators justify it, but whether you agree or not, it's still damn expensive)Tedious to the max! I don't mean like ""oh, you gotta get things right"", I mean like ""oh, the things dont stick to each other, don't line up with the tiles, and often clip or create odd angles"" because the actual placement of the objects needs a lot of thought and work (one simple improvement: allow floors to ""stick"" into the grid).Further, the UI is abominable. They REALLY need to think about usability here. The ideas are great, but they need to think about how people actually use programs. This would require more explanation than a simple steam review, but suffice to say, the UI is tedious and nearly unusable."
,Not Recommended,496490,32718782,Posted: 24 June,all,Slodey,"Has the potential to create beautiful maps in the future, however lacks some features at present that I would consider essential to creating realistic environments. There are no options for blending floor textures, leaving you with a blocky tiled look that needs to be covered with foliage/vegetation. While the vegetation looks lovely, there is inconsistency in that some trees are animated, some are not. Also, when scaling items, they do not scale in line with the grid, meaning that some items end up being out of line with others. I also found it difficult to line doors up with door frames.This aside, the lighting does look very nice, nicer than any other map making software I've come across, however being able to control the brightness/temperature of individual lights would make the experience much better."
