user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197980239859,Not Recommended,496730,25644106,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Yippo the Clown,"The game plays more or less identically to previous Stardock 4X titles along the 'Fallen Enchantress' series, but with half the features removed or simplified. Shrines are now just shrines with no elemental assignation; units cannot be customised (so far as I could tell) and must instead be individually equipped with individually crafted items made from materials found around the map (primarily from battling). Needless to say, this mechanic is considerably more time consuming and annoying than customising units but produces the same exact result.The only real advancement the game has made is in making the game story-driven, with the main interactions being between you and the eponymous Sorcerer King. The player must either defeat the Sorcerer King's faction on the campaign map or cast a particular spell on the campaign map several times. As the player's faction grows in power and/or casts the spell, the SK recognises this and responds, resulting in dialogue options which can provide benefits at the expense of advancing the timer.Positives- The interactions with the SK are fairly well done, if a tad predictable. They provide one of the sole bright spots to the game, as you're (in theory) forced to juggle advancing yourself with avoiding the SK's notice before you're ready to deal with it.- As with previous titles, the game's humour is somewhat entertaining, if a little obvious in places.Negatives- Unfortunately the game's design lets itself down where SK interactions are concerned - by expanding your realm you immediately draw SK's notice, and there are few other options for advancing other than just sitting around doing nothing while beating up the ludicrously numerous hordes of bandits and spiders to gather the endless crafting materials you arbitrarily need to arm your troops.- There are typos throughout, as early as the opening screens of the game. I realise this is a very minor point on the face of it - indeed, many players won't even notice - but to have spelling errors in the most prominent and unavoidable text in the game betrays a startling lack of quality control and attention to detail. One of the most basic aspects to corporate professionalism is proof-reading work before submitting it; to release a game with so many errors shows either that the developers don't care about presenting a professional image or rushed release to meet a deadline.- I logged approximately two hours of playtime. During this time I managed to crash to desktop mid-game once, and had another crash while reloading a save. The latter required me to reboot my PC after the game audio crashed and refused to go away. I don't know enough about tech issues to really comment on how poor this is, but I can say that I buy a lot of games (from both large and small developers) and I can't remember the last time I averaged a gamebreaking crash every hour.- As noted above, I logged only two hours of playtime so there's no doubt a lot of things I didn't get to see. Regardless, the game feels empty and hollow. With no tech tree beyond a fairly basic talent tree for your faction leader there are limited options for upgrading your cities, and by the time of the second crash my capital had already built every possible building. To unlock most of your faction's unit choices you have to spend points on the talent tree, meaning that you're forced into these options if you don't want to be spamming the same weak troops over and over. Spell selection felt similarly lackluster.Overall:If you'd given me this alongside Fallen Enchantress and its sequel with no further information, I would have guessed this to be the FIRST game in the series, not the latest. The gameplay felt bare-bones and rushed; the game itself felt so rough around the edges as to appear unfinished. The sole positive of the game is the dialogue and text descriptions, and I'm honestly not sure whether these are actually funny or just seem to be because they're not as poor as the rest of the game.I do not recommend this game. To anyone. If you really want to play a Fantasy 4X, I would probably recommend Endless Legend instead - a game with its own set of problems but which at least feels like the dev team spent more than a month making it."
76561198007299273,Not Recommended,496730,25686784,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Tim,"i more or less liked the origional sorcerer king... dont get me wrong, it defintely had its flaws but i thought it was a nice new concept.Now this game... is basicly the same game with a new spell added... it leaves me verry disappointed. They did not even fix some of the bugs in the origional version.I am sorry but i cannot reward this kind behavior with a good review."
76561197972618188,Not Recommended,496730,25686629,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Lango12,"I have played Fallen Enchantress and SK:R is a stripped-down version of the game with better graphics and a slightly updated and cartoonish interface. The game adds more RPG and narrative elements which I feel are mostly likely the strength of this game. Unfortunately, I play 4X games with narrative elements at the back of my mind, I look for engaging 4X and RPG game mechanics, diverse choices of units, races, spells, loots, etc and extended game replayability, these are not the strong points in this game even with Rivals. At the end of each gameplay, I feel like as if I have played the tablet version of Fallen Enchantress."
,Recommended,496730,25650655,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Cablenexus,"Sorcerer King: Rivals is a game in the turn based strategy genre.It uses the same engine as the original Fallen Enchantress games, but heavenly updated, modified and tweaked.[There are some very short legit Steam reviews from people playing the game 0.5 hours telling that camera is fixed on your own unit position. That is true as set on default, but easy to change with one mouseclick in the options screen. Same for showing path indicator, what I do not like myself, on selected units and other tweaks. Just use the options screen]Everything has mouseover info, there are plenty of help screens [Which you can dismiss] and there is a lot of explanation what all the different skills and spells exactly do in a game.Overall it all feels smoother, more streamlined than the original games they created.Some features in the game aren't used often in other turn based strategy games,like crafting items / spells to equip your units with and much more storytelling in quest huts and the Sorcerer King [Which is a real character in the game] provides you with countless different stories in game between turns.Besides your own units you can train in your city, there are a lot of units that can fight / join you to be found in quests.Maybe some die hard TBS players won't like this handholding and want absolute freedom in what they build, how they conquer cities and what to do with them but imho they did a good job to keep that freedom and offers more than other strategy titles offers because of the stories envolving ingame.It makes the game fresh, original and unique in his genre.The developers are active in the forums and still tweaking and upgrading the game while listening to gamers feedback.The developers are talented in the way the interface works. Everything looks very clean.The artwork is very consistent and all menu's fits together and looks beautiful.As well the unit models, the graphical effects of spells and the intro movies for the game and campaign.There is an editor to create your own maps [With new quest editor AND Steam Workshop support], there are plenty of maps ingame to start with, a Grand Campaign and an ingame random map generator for endless replay value.Music tracks are lovely, maps are huge [Currently five sizes to choose from] and when zoomed out they have that nice old paper effect, you have quests, crafting items, spellbooks, you can customize factions, units level up and the turn based battles [Square based, no hexes, and you can fight them all manually or auto resolve] are challenging enough without being too difficult.My review will be updated after 10 hours or more ingame time to describe feeling in late / end game because my actual playtime isn't really enough to judge that yet and because the game is still being updated frequently.[Note] For current owners of the original Sorcerer King on Steam:Sorcerer King: Rivals actually is a DLC for owners of the previous version, but a Standalone 4x strategy game for new players. As most DLC's for decent strategy games are priced somewhere between Euro 5 and Euro 20 in my country I think the price set at 14,99 for the standalone DLC is fair. The 50% discount for owners of the original game is fixed.(For example, the standalone DLC for Homm VII with only one new faction was priced at 29,99).There is enough new content like very good looking intro cinematics for the game and campaign, new factions and tweaks to the ingame options, mechanism [To assure replay value] and interface icons and mouseovers etc.When it was released as a DLC it was worth the money for me and since it is a standalone launcher I now have two games I can choose from. There is too much difference between the two versions to justify the standalone launcher, otherwise the original Sorcerer King wasn't playable anymore like it is.Innovative: Not really, besides crafting and quests triggered by Sorcerer KingInterface / UI: Best what you can get at the moment, example for other strategy titlesMusic / Cinematics: Relaxing fantasy mood, Cinematics old Blizzard style, cleanValue as standalone product: OutstandingValue as DLC: Mediocore > Good [Compared to other DLC's that only offers new units and maps without engine upgrades], enough new artwork and mechanism to justify, but more of the same like the original game[Edit] After 6 hours ingame I found out that besides the cartoony look also the quests and all text ingame have that cartoony experience. You can like or dislike it, but the humor makes me laugh and actually read all the questlines.Also I did not mention that you can create / craft items, but after a while you can also enhance those items with even more powerful stats and the freedom to create what you like is really detailed.Thank you for reading!"
76561198086682190,Recommended,496730,32650502,Posted: 22 June,all,Melchiah,"If you enjoyed Fallen Enchantress Legendary Heroes you'll want this sequel.  It is more stream lined then its predecessor, making it easier to get into.  Although, I do wish it was a little bit more complicated.The graphics are a big improvement from the previous game.Sorcerer King is less fun to replay than Fallen Enchantress Legendary Heroes, but with 8 sovereigns and 3 factions to choose from you’ll want to replay it at least a few times, there are also 2 campaigns.The sense of humour in the game is great, you’ll often find yourself cracking up at the jokes that are made during the many quests.Overall this is a fun escapism game and definitely worth your money."
76561198080688467,Recommended,496730,31774033,Posted: 15 May,all,Pendragon,"This is a very hard review to make for me. Wall of text incoming below.TL DR: Fun game, has some flaws, don't expect endless replayability like other 4X games.Personally I bought and played both the original Sorcerer King and this updated version offered as stand alone (but discounted for owners of the original putting the price in line with a Dlc/expansion pack as it is).I think the game is very fun at the beginning, the mixture of elements from different genres make it an interesting experience, with a focus on hero developing/small army.Unlike a typical 4X game, there's a lot to see and do for what concerns the eXploration and eXtermination part, but much less when it comes to the eXpansion and eXploit sides of the game.Aside from adding more focus on the rpg elements compared to the other more well known Stardock game Fallen Enchantress: Legendary heroes, Rivals offers a different twist from the rest of the 4x.You are not fighting for supremacy against other civilizations, but rather trying to survive and avoid for someone else to ultimately win by destroying all the magical shards on the map that will fuel his spell of the making.In reality, the game starts with the main villain believing to be ""already victorious"", and with the player having to play along  by pretending to be a pawn under his control while trying to gather enough resources to eventually confront him.The sooner you make acts of defiance against the sorceror king, the sooner he will dispatch larger armies to take care of your puny cities.Now the idea in my own opinion is great, but unfortunately in reality the way you behave since the beginning with the Sorcerer King is too ""forced"", meaning that there's no reason not to play ""nice and dumb"" with him at the beginning until you are strong enough to confront him.You have a lot of different answers, similar to a dialogue tree in an rpg when you interact with the sorcerer king, who will come to talk to you anytime you do something that upsetted him (like trying to expand) or just because enough turn have passed and he's scripted to come to you and pretend to be ""your friend"".The real problem lies in the fact that it's not a real ""freedom"" of choice. Meaning that any answer aside from pure submission and reverence to the sorcerer king does not justify with other benefits the big malus you get by making the sorcerer king upset sooner than needed.The same happens when dealing with other ""minor"" factions that in the story are treated as ""conquered"" by the sorcerer king. They will not have any proper diplomacy, you'll just have the possibility of becoming their friends by doing a couple of quests with them or by giving them gifts (mana), however there's no way to interact properly with them, every now and then if you made friends with them they will come up with a dialogue tree asking you which gift you want or if you want to make a trade. They feel more like a random resource.They hardly try to attack if at all, as I have never witnessed it, the sorcerer king or try to be of any real help whatsoever, and in fact they won't even manage to defend any shard that will spawn in their proximity.Compared to Sorcerer king, which used a ""doomsday counter"" meaning that you needed to win before he managed to cast the spell of the making, in Rivals you also get the chance to cast the spell yourself.It should have resulted in a fight for power, a battle of attrition between you and the sorcerer king.However, the design and balance are flawed, because it's too easy to gather and save up a lot of mana while the sorcerer king is still ""friendly"", only to start repeatedily casting the spell to gain control over the spheare of influence and gaining control before the sorcerer king has time to react at all, making the victory very easy.Another flaw of the design lies in the fact that you, as player, have access to a multitude of spells that you can cast on the strategic map, while the AI can't.Among such spells are those that allow for terraforming.Needless to say, the AI does not know how do react to that. It's way too easy to turtle yourself by cutting your lands with the sea, or even better in some maps (depends how lucky you get with the random generator) to completely shut in the sorcerer king troops from ever leaving his own starting area. Only to find later on that he has huge armies roaming around his catle being stuck without a clue as to how to get out of there.The exploits thanks to the terraforming are infinite, but at the same time, not using them feels like you are purposedely ""handicapping"" yourself.The tactical battles are also nothing great, they are quite simple, there is no line of sight or any other advanced feature like special terrains, cover, morale/bonus for adjacent units and so on.However units and heroe thanks to special abilities / your own spells / items can still be fun to use for a while, until your heroes/units are so leveled up and well equipped that it become too easy and you simply autosolve every fight.In general the eXploration and rpg part is well done, it's fun, the quests are purposedely written without taking them too seriously, they a little silly, which can be either amusing or annoying depending on your own preferences, I didn't mind it, and depending on how you solve them, you will be ""judged"" by giving birth to your ""personality"" in that specific game.Meaning that depending on that, your rewards will change accordingly.In the end, at the moment this is the sort of game I'd give a neutral rating, it has a lot of potential, but so far it didn't manage to fullfill it even if the developer for now claims to be working on further updates that could improve the situation.I decided to recommend it because it will still give you enough hours of entertainment before it starts to get too easy/repetitive, and because the price tag feels just about right, especially if purchased while on discount like at the moment of this review.Just don't expect a masterpiece, you'll have fun with it, but it's definitely not the kind of 4X with nearly endless replayability. It will last you much less, but it's a unique experience."
,Not Recommended,496730,29346287,Posted: 18 January,all,Reliant39,"If you have the original Sorcerer King, there is no reason to get this. If you don't, then I'm still not sure if you should get this.  If you're used to Stardock's other 4X games, especially Fallen Enchantress, there might not be enough on offer here to replace that game, and it plays largely the same anyway (despite its much-tauted asymmetry). Nevertheless, I like a lot about this game -- the graphics are good and it moves at a fast pace. The writing is largely okay.Some stuff I don't care at all about, like the crafting. I don't understand why, in a stripped down 4X geared towards fast play, I have to craft weapons, armour, and potions, and then equip that stuff to my units. I end up automating most of that and don't notice any difference at all. Crafting stuff and going through equipping all of my units is just busywork. Likewise, I'm note sure what the other factions add to the game. Diplomacy is underdeveloped and a lot of faction-specific quests can, in my experience, largely be ignored without any problem while you gather enough points to defeat the eponymous Sorcerer King.It works, but it's somehow not much fun. The tactical battles are fairly basic. For example, there is no range penalty (or limit!) for your ranged units. An archer all the way at the back has the same chance to hit an enemy two tiles away as it does hitting an enemy 20 tiles away. As a result, you'll usually never move your ranged units, and you'll come to rely on them quite heavily. Like everything else about the game, it feels undercooked.As a result of this game, I've reached an important conclusion: Stardock games are just not for me. There's an audience out there for them, clearly, but I've never managed to really get into any of their games (Galactic Civilizations, Fallen Enchantress, Sorcerer King, and most recently Ashes of the Singularity). There are some good ideas, but the execution usually fails for me. It's hard to put my finger on it, but I think what bothers me most is how soulless these games feel. In addition, I think it would be a good idea for Stardock to stop churning out so many games, sequels, and DLCs and just focus on creating one truly excellent game. Now that would be something."
,Recommended,496730,25708082,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Wxursa,"If you bought the original SK, at this point the game doesn't add enough to be worth it - not enough new content to justift the price tag- it's more like a couple of $5 DLC's and a patch.If you haven't bought the original SK, this game is very good and is worth it for its hybrid 4X/RPG gameplay, though I would recommend jacking he difficulty up, as the game needs a challenge to be worth it.   There's a decent amount of replayability, but it's a hybrid of RPG and 4X in that regard- the first game peaked at about 50-60 hours for me, and this one   about 10 max.Giving this a positive review because the game is a good game for those who haven't bought the original SK- I would give it a wait for sale for fans of the original.  I do think Rivals was unnecessary to make- the original SK is almost the same experience."
76561198042614616,Recommended,496730,25652872,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Kage Sasurai,"Full disclosure, I love 4X games and especially Stardock 4x games. That being said I am reccomending ths game only provisionally to those who liked the previous title and those who like RPG-esque 4Xs in general, as it is not quite as in depth as Fallen Enchantress. If you haven't played the original Sorceror King, it is essentially a 4X with a doom timer in the background, where you are playing against the guy who already won, before he can consume the life of the world to become a god. In and of itself it plays a lot like Fallen Enchatress or other 4xs with RPG elements, the familiar quests return, hereoes will lead your armies and your ruler can throw spells into the mix, both in battle and stratically.In terms of what's new, Rivals adds several new playable factions (Ice dwarves, ♥♥♥♥ yeah!) as well as changes the nature of the game a bit, you can still assault the sorceror king directly, however you now have several other paths to victory, including beating him in the race to godhood, or constructing a tower to steal his power out from under him. the game otherwise plays nearly the same as the original where you must manage your expansion in such away to avoid the SKs wrath untill you are big enough to smack around his armies. This is truly just an expansion pack with the added bonus of being standalone if you don't already own the original.I wil say that Stardock did the right thing by offering 50% off if you own the original game because the expansion really doesn't add a lot, if you loved the game, this will add some replay value with the new pths to victory and races and if you didn't this will not change your opinion in any way. I am glad to see the signature snark and medium awareness in the quests returns. Overall a decent game but somewhat lacking in depth compared to Fallen enchantress and Legendary Heroes.Overall 8/10, fun but doesn't add a whole lot, if you liked the original you'll like this, if you didn't you wont, if you'e thinking of jumping in to the series, here is a great place to start."
76561197995285223,Recommended,496730,25845881,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Chickens,"I strongly recommend this game if you haven't yet played the base game.  It's a fun variant on the 4x formula, in a colorful and pleasant world.  Despite the darkish theme, the map is vibrant, the music is soothing, and the writing is funny.  The combat is intuitive, the city building is straightforward and doesn't bog down, and it clips along at a good pace.If you DO own the base game, the expansion ""Rivals"" is a bit of a letdown for the price.  It adds undead and dwarves, both of which are neat but feel like reskins of the original human race as opposed to truly unique factions.  And the ""rival"" mechanic just means with enough mana you can cast your owns spells to win when the doomsday counter ticks down instead of lose (with a very lame, no cinematic ending I might add).  Many of the same old problems exist (i.e, fighting the exact same stack of neutral monsters over and over and over again; relatively generic sections of the map with little character; SK doesn't get on your case even when you have tons of cities all over).  I think the expansion was worth about 2 bits of DLC... but at least if you own the base game it is half off for you.  Do I still recommend it? Yes if you really like the base game."
76561198049485097,Recommended,496730,25651660,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Hannibal Burgers,"If you are familiar with other games in the genre then you have some idea what Sorcerer King: Rivals is like.It's a turn based fantasy strategy game with a setting that involves an uber wizard already having conquered the land. You and a few other fledgling civilizations are rebuilding your civilizations to try to overthrow him while he is distracted in becoming a god.This game has a couple of extra tricks up its sleeve that I've not seen before. Because the Sorcerer King is so much more powerful at the start of the game you have to pick your times to expand and confront him. It reminds me of a game called AI Wars.  Another welcome change is the emphasis on story telling. The game almost feels like an RPG except instead of being a single character my Kingdom is the character.I've only played a couple hours so far but it definitely has that one more turn feeling.  I will update this review if I have any new revelations.The pros of this game are+ It's fun. It's really fun.+ I really like the crafting system. It lets me customize every single unit I train. I even named each unit so and they gain their own histories as I play.+ The quests are enjoyable and fun to read+ I love how my Undead lich spreads their evil across the lands as my empire grows. The terrain actually changes.+ The tactical combat is very well done. The computer opponents play well and best of all when my army comes across enemies that I know I could win, the auto resolve does it really well so I don't feel like I have to baby sit my units.+ There is a lot of depth to each unit. They have lots of abilities and traits.The cons of this game are- I wish the city building was deeper. It's like Civ but I liked the building on the map itself like in Fallen Enchantress- Your technology tree comes through your sovereign's skill tree. That's nice but it I would really prefer if my techs came from city building and not from how many shards I have taken control of.- I don't like that building ascension comes from the spell book. I think they should have a button or something under the orb to make it more clear.Overall I recommend this to anyone who likes fantasy strategy games. It also has a healthy feeling of role playing games which I liked."
76561198006510689,Not Recommended,496730,25758904,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,arkanjul,"I have been on board since Fallen Enchantress and much that was good has been stripped away, given a new coat of paint, and put back on the market as Sorcerer King.  I still pourchased and enjoyed Sorcerer King but felt it to be repetetive and simplistic.  Now we have the new stand alone Sorcerer King : Rivals and I hate to say, I'm underwhelmed.  After playing a full game in Campaign mode it is no different than the old Sorcerer King.  Same map with no difference, a few new animations but nothing to get excited about, same graphics , music, and bugs,  the longer you play it, the more confused the program gets and interupts deisions you are making to swing across the map to show some minor incident.   There is nothing here that could not have been in an inexpensive DLC or patch.  Here are some impovements that may help...1. an all NEW Camaign map2. work on the bugs, this is important, by now this should be running like butter3. more content ie: characters, heroes, some new music etc.4. fix the pointer getting stuck with it's changes not keeping up with the game5. put back battlefields in castles and towns that look like a castle court yard as in fallen enchantress, taking a town should feel special6. even though i had four races as allies no one was there during the last fight, the last battle has become a big letdownI am waiting to see what if any changes the developers will make,  Stardock still makes some of the best strategy games, and I'm not giving up, the construction set and map creator may bring us all some great adventures"
76561197971466783,Not Recommended,496730,33620618,Posted: 17 July,all,phidrae,"If you have the main game of Sorceror King, you do not need this one. I only bought it because it was steeply discounted and I wanted to make sure that it wasn't better. It isn't. And if you have Fallen Enchantress (with or without Legendary Heroes), don't buy this one. It is not as good. If you're never played any of those, and you like 4x games, then get this because it is still fun.  (And then buy FE:LH)"
,Not Recommended,496730,25720666,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Songfugel,"Quite a let down. Hardly any chance from previous, full of game breaking bugs. I did finish game on insane but it felt more like tiresome grind than enjoyable playing.0 challenge, no pressure from any faction or sorcerer king at any point in the game.All factions are indentical, spellbook choises make little difference, since either you won't ever have mana to cast them or there is almost never a reason to cast anything else than ice elemental, heal, focus or summon road.Still suffers from the same fatal flaw as the previous. 0 replay value, 0 interesting troops or buildings.With a very extensive crafting and enchanting system in place, why only have swords, bows, staves (which are useless) and axes (which are insanely rare and only usable by dwarfs??!!)?Such a let down, with an expansion coming so much later, I really hoped they would have inserted at least some content. But there was basically nothing new, and even ascension was bugged and didn't work."
76561197998685806,Recommended,496730,25704155,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ScorpioSymbol,"Having a lot of fun with this so far... ""One more turn!"", that said It's crashing, fairly reliably, about every 1.5 hours. Feels like a memory leak, but I haven't got the patience to check for one.Make sure your auto save is on :/"
76561198001784839,Not Recommended,496730,28007589,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Salty Jack,"Read Buhadog's review, he said it better than I could.That being said, I think I wasted 15 bucks since I already had Sorcerer King.And like him, while I kinda liked it, it was more shallow than Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes.FE:LH is the best Master of Magic (MOM) type game I ever played.  It's better than MOM, actually.Hopefully they make another full FE game."
76561197992433132,Not Recommended,496730,25716288,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,The Big Devil,"Yeah this game... it adds 2 factions that are different, a little at least. aaaand that's kinda it... Sure it adds a victory condition and some very minor things besides that but this is essentialy an update not an expansion (or at least it should have been) Good bit of bugs remain and the game has yet to be balanced properly. Better wait for it to go on sale like a large sale like 90% off. But other than that it's ""Great"""
,Recommended,496730,25787026,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Telefrog,"Lovely series that has been criminally overlooked.The game's premise is rather simple, but brilliant. Take the typical fantasy 4x game, then flip it. This game starts after the bad guy has already won. Your task is to build up your forces, gather allies, and claim resources so you can eventually take on the titular Sorcerer King, but you have to do it on the sly so he doesn't get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and stomp you out. Remember, you still exist only by his good graces!The early part of the game is kind of like the Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes in that you need to play the 4x portion along with building up your hero with RGP-lite encounters, but the difference is that you have to contend with the Sorcerer King butting into your business and his efforts to push a Doom Meter forward and claim godhood. Later, the game changes into a race against time when you reach the tipping point of either making the Sorcerer King consider you enough of a threat to eradicate, or when you decide to ascend to godhood first. Either way, the Sorcerer King will do everything he can to destroy you.Yes, in this case it is an expansion pack being sold as a full game, but owners of Sorcerer King get a significant discount bringing Rivals down to a normal expansion price."
76561197980525387,Recommended,496730,25661312,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,CivHunter,"I really enjoyed SK. Started several games but really only finished one. That was more a free time limitations  than anything else. I am only 2.3 hours into my first game of Rivals. I'm playing a tinkerer, I've got a dwarven hero, and I just acquired Tandis. I like the idea that I can win a couple ways now. So far the game is everything I expected. No complaints. Always room for more enhancements and additional content, of course. Stardock is great about supporting games for years so I feel like this is a whole new chapter in the Sorcerer King saga with much more to come. Definately a thumbs up for me."
76561197999717882,Recommended,496730,32232761,Posted: 6 June,all,Pyro,"A great game. It's fairly small in scope for a 4x, but I think this has allowed the developers to focus on producing a polished product. Sorcerer King: Rivals has lots of scripted story and events, which makes it different to other 4x games which rely soley on the quality of the AI players to pose a challenge. As Sorcerer King relies on heavily scripted events, don't expect great AI. On the plus side, Sorceror King tells a great story with writing that is often hilarious.You will see reviews complaining about lack of replayability, but I think if you want 300hours out of the game you need to look at the Civilization series or Galactic Civilizations 3. I've played Sorceror King for a total 65 hours.The game is quite simple for a 4x, in the sense its quite easy to figure out effective strategies early on. I'd recommend it to people who are new to the genre, or people who do not have a huge amount of time to invest like is required for a more complex 4x like Galactic Civilizations 3. I think that simplicity can be a strength, as it keeps the turns flowing. Cities must be built on fertile land which is in short supply, so there is no need to fill every spare piece of land with cities. This helps to reduce end game grind which can be a problem for 4x games.I have not noticed any major bugs, but I can see the game does suffer from serious balance issues between units. Initiative is an extremely important stat, which determines how often units get to act. One you figure out how to stack your armies with high initiative units, you will be able to move all your units or nearly all your units in the tactical battles before the enemy can move anything. This will mean you can consistenly wipe the enemy out while often not losing a single hit point.Some units, like knights (which are massively OP due to high initiative already), get some bonuses (such as HP) applied 3 times. This means, if you enchant an item with +15 HP and equip it to a knight, it will get a whopping 45 hit points from the item. My army of knights will wipe out enemy armies before they can move and might leave one half dead unit left. The enemy unit (if it is extremely lucky) might then hit one of my knights for -2HP out of 120. This 3X bonus for stats for certain units really needs to be patched out. The more expensive paladin unit which requires the rare crystal resource and is obviously meant to be stronger than the knight, does not receive the 3X bonus and ends up being a vastly inferior unit because of it.Archers on the other hand, are massively underpowered due to low initiative, and the battle will often be over before they even get a turn. These balance issues aren't a deal breaker and learning the best units and enchants can be fun, but it would be nice if the issues were addressed in a patch. Despite the balance issues making some strategies feel like exploits, boss fights remain adequately challenging.Sorceror King is a nice concise little 4X title, it is not overly ambitious and does what it does very well. Each dungeon or bandit camp you explore tells its own often hilarious mini story. The scripting and story make for a nice change from standard 4X fair.I did not own the original Sorceror King, so cannot comment on the differences between the original game and the stand alone expansion Sorceror King: Rivals. If you haven't played Soceror King before, I can highly recommend Sorceror King: Rivals. Just make sure you buy Sorcer King: Rivals and not the orginal Sorcerer King, which is still on Steam for some reason. If you're reading this Stardock, consider removing the original Sorcerer King from sale on Steam, as I know I would not have been happy I had bought that version only to discover I should've got the stand alone expansion instead."
76561197985491683,Recommended,496730,25709385,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,secantur,"I preordered, and got very nice value for the money, even if I stopped playing right now at 42 hours. Which is highly unlikely.While the city building and character development obviously have been downgraded since Fallen Enchantress, I feel the world is more dynamic and reactive, with those moral RPG choices in there, which makes the questing part a blast.Outfitting all your little minions with crafted gear, is a minute element that makes me quite happy, in times of  oversimplification. There is a lot of terrain modification in my game, given the tendency to go for Dwarves, perhaps.Have some issues on my super old PC, where things stop up at times, but killing everything that moves seem to help. This on the largest map type in the game, though.All in all, it is a nice blend of strategy and RPG, I personally enjoy the questing component, where you take a ship over to some isle and discover a mysterious temple. Or simply run into a bar fight. I feel everyone is looking for different things, and as such it is impossible to please all.Optimally would have liked deeper Champion trees, and perhaps more city building,  But for what it is, the elements work pretty well together, in creating a different story every time you hit a random setup. Which is how I personally do it. Always chasing that perfect session. Which this kind of environment is perfect for.I recommend the game, but only if you can dig into some aspects of it. For me it was the Dwarves. ;-)"
,Recommended,496730,26094139,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ColdSun,"You know what, I don't understand the bad reviews for this game.  Because it was a standalone expansion?  Even if you did buy the Sorcerer Kings, the Rivals game was only $15.  Come on!  It is a great set of new features and worth every penny.  This game isn't as detailed as Fallen Enchantress Legendary Heroes, but it has just enough depth and gameplay to tie you up for a day of enjoyable 4X fun.  The graphics are beautiful as well.  I Have had a crash, while loading a game for some reason, but other than that it has been stellar.  I would say this game is between Legendary Heroes and Warlock II in complexity and more fun than Warlock II by far.Ignore all these bad reviews complaining about the expansion and price.  Buy the game, especially if you don't have the first one since you don't need it as it is standalone.  Have fun and I'm sure you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,496730,33355506,Posted: 7 July,all,Try Fail Try,Get Fallen Enchantress instead. Not worth your time and money. The only thing that this game does better is the graphics.
76561197990047960,Recommended,496730,25669019,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,vivas,"The game has a sweet mix of strategy and RPG. It reminds me somewhat on Birthright the Gorgon Alliance, a very unique game from 1996, mixing RPG with Strategy.The art is very nice and detailed, and the text is not to serious, but written with a good sense of humor.With 8 races, alot of maps and a moddingtool i am sure this game has a great replayability."
,Not Recommended,496730,35278280,Posted: 28 September,all,Maddiekins,"Game is extremely unbalanced, unfair and unpolished.- The factions vary greatly in strength and abilities.  One of them gets a 50% boost to production!   Another has a spell to create a random item, usually a potion.- Your rivals can build cities anywhere WITHOUT clearing out the enemy camps!- The rivals fill up the entire map with cities in about 10 turns, long before you can get any pioneers out- Why can I equip a sword on a wolf?  Lots of examples of this.- Because leveling your characters is pretty critical to success in this game, it feels really terrible that the tactical AI always targets your character with the weakest defense, making it very difficult to keep them alive- Spells are very unbalanced.  Some can essentially clear the entire battlefield for about 20 mana"
,Recommended,496730,25696321,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Fayte,"I enjoy it so far. The original sorcerer king was hard to get into, but I find myself coming back to play this pretty often. I'ts a medium mix of 4x and rpg.Pros:looks nice, plays nice, even on my crappy laptoprpg elements are fun, very funheroes are unuiqe and variedyou can buff up and make normal troops pretty awesomeextremely fun exploration and questingsoverign levels (empire level, kinda of like tech tree), heroes level, and spell research - works decently well, but I find every game I just minimize spell research, since soverign and mana are so much more powerfulsummons are coolcan win via conquest (kill the sorcerer king) or cast a spell to become a god, or build a wondertactical battles are funCons:inventory management is a pain. Not early game, but mid-lateLate game is a slog, a mix of too much inventory and units/spells scale bad at very high levelsLate game, normal squishy units are uselss (archers, enchanters - one shot by high lvl monsters)Spells - early, too expensive and late game, not powerful enoughNo tech treesummons too weak, cost too much early and are too weak latertactical battle auto ai can be silly, having 8 melee guys all gang around 1 target, even if it means not attacking that turn and skipping several good targetsIf you like RPG and 4x, its a blast. If your a HUGE fan of RPG, its a good buy. If you really like 4x, but not rpg, save your money. Stardock, so far from my experience, is a good company and their on the forums asking for feedback for balance and patches."
76561198016936880,Not Recommended,496730,25704302,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,enjoyoutdoors,"Rivals is not what it is claimed to be. One of the weaknesses of Sorcerer King was replay value.  There is no further replay value added other than a couple of new factions (unfortunately not all that different than the originals).I can only recommend this when, and if, there are community mods to make it truly worth the price."
76561198030916207,Recommended,496730,33834388,Posted: 27 July,all,dmcf,"This has a new campaign map, a couple of new factions, and one new mechanic that wasn't in the original Sorcerer King, but does not really amount to anything like a new game. It should really just have been a DLC. It's also pretty disappointing that some of the bugs from the original game (e.g on the skill that is meant to show you the location of all statues heroes are trapped in) have not been fixed even in Rivals. To be fair there are only a few bugs, but should till have been fixed.Overall though, if you liked Sorcerer King you will like this."
76561198302011929,Not Recommended,496730,25779951,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Dragaan,"I LOVED the original Sorcxerer King.  It got me into 4X gaming becasue of its odd blend of rpg characteristics and low learning curve (and it works FLAWLESSLY - UI scaling and all - at 4k, which wadsx huge for me!).But......When I saw this I was SO excited.  I had already logged over 400 hours on SK in a amtter of weeks and now this newd ""expansaiuon was cmoing out""!.  But what the hell?  No new factions?  No new leaders, NO NEW C AMPAIGN?????  This was a Serious, serious, serious letdown. I can't believe I was charged 14.99 for this after already owning the original.  This is more like a VERY MINOR (ie free DLC than a $25 ""expansion"").For those who haven't yet played Sorcerer King at all, I'd jump at the chance to get Rivals along WITH the original game for 15 or 20 bucks.  But for those who already played SK in its original form.  I'm so sorry , but I have to leave this review....  I feeltaken for a fool."
76561198002258955,Recommended,496730,25713456,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Snowocelot,"Excellent reworking of the original, with much more replayablity. There's honestly a lot to like: the art style, upgrading heroes, crafting equipment for both champions and regular units, a huge variety of quests - all with just the right twist of humor, the joys of unlocking- here, gaining access to the champions, units, and abilities of other factions by completing quests, city building (I wish this could be a little expanded upon, but it's ok!), and addictive tune-based tactical combat- so fun! I highly recommend the game for fans of fantasy, 4x, and turn-based tactics."
76561198029242857,Recommended,496730,25690529,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,^1BigBossMan1978 [BE],"Only 2.7 hours into this expansion and i personally like it despite the game not having changed all that much tbh.The graphics/music/sounds etc are just the same as before, but that's just fine with me (i hope they age well after a few years) even though i'm not that great a fan of this typical cartoony art style it does seem to grow on me day by day. I'm just having fun playing the game and that's all that matters right guys..So what else is there to say about this game after only having played a couple of hours?Well, it has a fun and potentially challenging single player campaign, with nice skirmish maps and 2 added sovereign factions to choose from (total of 8 now) I'm personally not heartbroken by the fact that there's no multi player aspect included, but i can imagine that there are plenty of 'potential' fans that say this is a serious loss and therefore they will skip this expansion altogether. The most noticeable aspect that changed is that now you can become a God yourself, but i'm not into that at this stage of the game so i can't tell you more about that either. So much for a review right ;-)Anyway, the only thing i can say is this. If you enjoyed playing the original game (even when you're a sceptic such as myself) you'll likely enjoy this expansion as well. If you've not enjoyed playing the original or are heartbroken by it's flaws (lack of MP) then you'll probably not enjoy this game period. For those that are new to these games, or just curious about this one, i can only encourage them to follow their own feelings (there's always a refund option) whether you should buy it or not (watch some YouTube vids that might help you decide).. I bought it at 50% off, and that alone was good enough for me to make a purchase. Is the game worth it's total price? Hmm, well again that's something for yourself to decide (check online for keys) Enjoy! :-)"
76561197977636515,Not Recommended,496730,25689143,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,D!mS [PW],"its says rivals but i dont know  what they mean, the other faction still only have one city so there not much difficulty in them  and beside the lich and dwarf faction this is sorcerer king. but i like what they did with the accention counter that works okay. but overall for a standalone i dont think this is enouth of a change for a new game."
76561198007650742,Recommended,496730,25806643,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Graavarg,"Like it's very similar predecessor, this is a small gem of a game. A sort of limited 4X game, where the limits come from an ever advancing Sorcerer King, intent on achieving godhood (and making you lose the game in the process).For any experienced 4X-gamer, it will not be that hard to beat the evil opponent in a few tries, but even after that the game offers reasonable replay value. Both in a ""ok, but now that I won I will immediately start a new game"" for a certain number of games and in a more ""never get old""-favourite to revisit.The dialogue is excellent through-out the game, often funny and sometimes quite hilarious. The graphics, sound and interface are adequate in a nice way, sort of showing off that the developers actually know their stuff (and have made a lot of games before).Like in the original Sorcerer King, the possibility (and importance) of crafting stuff is a nice extra, though true sandbox-combining of ingredients (resulting in a multitude of different stuff) is not possible. Instead you progress by finding, researching or otherwise acquiring recipes, after which you need to somehow acquiring the ingredients. If you are even a little bit smart, you will quickly figure out that sending out a few scouts (very) early on to gather up the existing resource drops on the map will net you a huge pool of resources, long before you have the recipes to use them.The fighting is adequate, personally I would have liked a more varied set of opponents, as well as some sort of live-generated battle fields. Currently the fights play out on only a few tactical maps, and while this offers more variability than other ""chess-like fighting"" games of the genre, it feels like a missed opportunity. The first playthroughs are still quite fun, and some variation also comes monster spawn location upgrades (generating more advanced versions and combos).The game will need a few balancing patches in the coming months, as experienced players figures out ""too easy"" winning combos and tricks. But having extensively played other games from the same studio, I have no doubt whatsoever that this will happen. And no, I will not give any hints you how to beat the game. You shouldn't look for them either, for the same reason that you should start at the ""normal"" level. Losing a few games while figuring out how to beat the Sorcerer King is one of the things that makes this game so fun. Including the satisfaction of finally kicking the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of his occupying forces, playing a game strongly enough to NEVER bend over even once and destroy the shitheel by kicking in the doors to his castle and kill him (ascending to godhood yourself by outproducing him in mana is, of course, a strategy for sissies :) ).A well-produced ""little"" game, with good content & production values in a time where graphic bling unfortunately counts for so much more."
,Recommended,496730,25837257,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Alex McMar,"I bought the game last week and I am having a lot of fun with it. The tactical battles are simple and fast enough that they don't become boring. The strategic layer and the story are interesting. I had a couple of CTD by loading savegames from the main menu, but nothing major. I am sure the dev team will come up with a solution. Overall a goood product. I recommend it to everyone who likes strategy games set in a fantasy universe."
76561198070608158,Recommended,496730,25701759,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,zoommooz11,"For someone who owned the original, I think that 14.99 is fine for the expansion. It also feels like the actual graphic's are much smoother, and generally the game feels really polished. Also, as someone who plays LOTS of stratergy games, its nice to see that on harder levels, it has the ability to actually be hard, and you can lose. That is probably the best feature IMHO."
,Not Recommended,496730,31169636,Posted: 15 April,all,hunchin,"I want to love this game, I really do. The game lacks any semblance of balance and the strategy is simply to build towers as quickly as possible. So much potential squandered by poor gameplay."
76561197992135430,Recommended,496730,28824697,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SouthLane,"Feels and plays much better than the original SK.  I am enjoying Rivals in a way I never did with the original.For me it is a updated and improved version of FE_LH, and I like it very much.For...-Lovely pleasing graphics.-Nice unit movement and audio.-Clean interface and streamlined over it's predecessors.-Nice simple crafting mechanic.-The most interesting tactical game-play of the whole FE series.-Pleasant music.-Get's quite addictive.-Could be the best game coming through the Star-dock in yearsAgainst...-The Sorcerer king talks to much, and can get on your nerves after a while.-Bugs-Bugs-Bugs-Bugs-Bugs"
,Recommended,496730,30052061,Posted: 19 February,all,we_todd_id_1,"In my opinion this was a bold step for Stardock.  It introduces elements of an RPG and a running story to the world which I haven't seen outside of specifically created scenarios.  However it generates it for random maps.  Yes the quests are pretty much the same each time, but it really adds a strategic wrinkle as you have to watch the other players and their relationship with the Sorcerer King, and hopefully make them allies before he does.  Otherwise, he uses them for fuel for his insidious designs.  This creates multiple countdown clocks you have to watch and strategically counter, layered on top of city/empire building.As best I can tell, any allies you make don't really fight much, the main benefit to allying with them is it keeps them from allying with the Sorcerer King and making him much stronger by feeding off of them.  As tiles on which you can build cities are limited, you are often confronted with the strategic choice of whether to go to war with a potential ally in order to build a bigger army, or ally with them to keep them away from the Sorcerer King and make do with a smaller army.  I have run across some interesting and unexpected random perks from allies, like them uncovering/creating a metal mine near one of my cities (and metal can make a huge difference in your army as it's required for many of the powerful units).  In that game, the mettle mine literally changed the tide in my favor.  On top of dealing with potential allies/adversaries, the Sorcer King has a considerably different attitude toward you depending on how you respond to him and how built up you are.This game uses a crafting system, unlike the template army model of Elemental and Fallen Enchantress.  And most of the ingredients are scattered around the map.  This encourages exploration/treasure hunting and puts you in the strategic gambit of how far into the wilderness are you willing to send/expose your army, as they need to be in one of your cities to heal at a resonable rate.  It appears to me that the main value in crafting is to build the best gear you can for your heroes, so they and their skills/perks stay in the battles longer.  The heroes are considerably weaker than the best army units, and I have doubled their stats with crafted items, giving them substantially more staying power.  I don't even bother to equip my regular units, as the best power up for them is experience.For me- Stardock's gamble really paid off as it creates a multilayered depth beyond the traditional grind of: build; spew armies; and take over battle by battle.  Such a simple, mono-dimensional approach could land you in an irreperable jam here.  As one example of a significantly different aspect of this game- while sometimes it's the only feasible way to win, if you build the tower of mastery which when completed wins the game, once you start on it, the Sorcerer King will start spamming endless very powerful armies as though the gates of hell had opened up and are delivering them to him at no cost.  If you're not ready for this with enough very experienced/powerful armies and defensible positions- you will get eviscerated pretty quickly.The results of all this for me- a more deeply enjoyable and entertaining gaming experience, that I think will have a ton of replay value.  If you can get past how different this is from tradiditional strategic offerings and play it as such, I think this game has a lot to offer.  The multiple layers and the way they all work together makes this one of my favorite strategy games of all time."
76561197993838353,Recommended,496730,25787684,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,El Bandito,"Sorcerer King: Rivals is an expansion of the original Sorcerer Kings.  I think it is a good step in the evolution of the game.  Stardock did a good thing in that they finally gave documentation for modding the game and added the ability to use the workshop.  There are already plans for adding a second campaign (definitely a good thing) and even talks of a DLC already. (also a good thing).  It plays well and it's replayability is better than the original Sorcerer King.  The two new races they added are different and play differently, so you get additional replayability there as well.Overall, the game is a worthwild addition to your games list."
76561197970517494,Recommended,496730,25850256,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Weltschmerz,"I have a soft spot for 4x fantasy games. SK rivals takes the basic game that I already love and makes it better. There is a huge amount of content in this game and it will keep me entertained for a long time. I love the fact that I can start a game and before I know it 3-4 hours have passed. It has the one-more-turn factor well and truely sorted. I generally play at normal difficulty level and that is enough to get my♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to me on a regular basis. However, it has enough scope that sometimes I am able to turn the tide of war in my favour. Always a good feeeling when that happens."
76561198072462583,Recommended,496730,25877437,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,AlyG69,"great game very fun to play enough features to enjoy from city building shard collection, enchanting, love the quests! always eager to find out what the next quest will bring.how ever latest patch causes units that i have just acquired by hypnosis to get duplicated, but they dont actually work, i cant put gear on the unit (it dissapears) and during fights its a total game breaker as this duplicate unit cannot attack and i cannot pass the turn as soon as thats fixed im loving the game again."
76561198014972978,Recommended,496730,31309056,Posted: 22 April,all,George,If you look at everything you can do in this game it's quite a lot. Renaming everything level ups and crafting armor for your units also don't forget enchanting. Plus it add a favor of xcom with the doom timer. I don't understand the reviews about it wasn't enough content or your just fine with the base game. If your smart you know that not having all the content is lame so you should buy this. Plus the more people who buy this game the more content they will produce for it. So I hope you take a chance and buy this game. Cause this game has a lot of potential.
,Not Recommended,496730,25695899,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,DivinityComplex,If you own the first DO NOT BUY IT.Even if you are interested in this Fallen Enchantress would be a much better choice.Edit:Even after playing it one of the main add ons the Ascension victory is broken and doesn't work. How is the primary addon for this not working. The 2 added factions don't add much at all to the replay value or general fun of the game. This was a HUGE let down and I honestly regret the purchase.
76561198011820105,Recommended,496730,29070046,Posted: 6 January,all,DrDrey,"This game is very well-designed and fun to play. It includes easier levels that allow you to learn how to play. On the harder levels, it will require you to do some serious thinking and planning, making for a very fun strategy game. The various factions available to the player differ sufficiently from each other to offer great replay value. There are also several minor factions that the player can ally with (or fight). The alliance system is ""quest-based"" (you can't really negotiate an alliance, it's something that will/won't happen depending on how you act towards that faction). The quests vary somewhat from game to game, which also adds a lot to replay value. Plus, there are lots of different maps, and modding support.I'd also add that this game just looks great -- art, interface design, sound/music, it's all very well-made. It amazes me that a diamond like this can be relatively unknown, while certain ""big name"" games get lots of attention despite their many flaws. I highly recommend giving this one a try if you're a strategy fan."
,Recommended,496730,25776468,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ronnie,"When Sorcerer King came out it was fun for a bit but later got old to me. After trying Rivals out I like some of the spells one being able to invest 50 mana to improve your shard by 1 mana I think that is really cool. This is a great game,  you will enjoy playing it. Stardock I know will continune to in better their games, it is worth picking this one up."
76561198034552818,Recommended,496730,25776895,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Izarn,"This game is very fun if you like strategy games like Civ. Has some bugs usually when loading a save game or sometimes it just crashes during play but nothing game breaking. I find the inconvience is more than made up by the gameplay, which just has me saying ""one more turn"" until I realize, crap! it's 4 AM and I got to work tomorrow! It's very similar to previous games by the same company, which I have played also, so it was easy for me to get into. All in all, a solid game, feels a little bare bones compared to earlier versions (still a fully complete game though), but I'm sure they will add content in upcoming DLC.  Only thing I found odd was I can make weapons for every produced unit except spearmen, because there were no spears in the game."
76561198029378436,Recommended,496730,26457111,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Nidor,"I am really not sure if I love or hate this game. But since I spent more then 100h with it, I gave it a thumbs up.The game is a typical strategic town setlling, army buildung, unit level up game. Developer is Stardock who did a couple of similar games in fantasy or scifi settings. They always use the same bloated, buggy and sluggish engine :(It is a stripped down approach with just the most necessary basic elements. The differences to the predecessor (no rivals) are marginal.What did I like?- easy to learn, uncomplicated, just build your army, level up, craft items etc.- it is just fun to build up and test the different army types of the different heroes- each hero got different skills and spells- explore the dungeons (just event triggered fights, but with nice little texts and spoils)- IT IS FUN TO PLAY!What did I like not?- extremly buggy and sluggish engine, lots of crashes, memory leaks etc. (out of memory message with 16 GB RAM after AFK for 3 hours)- no balancing of skills, units, spells etc. you can easily find lots of game breaking skills, spells, tactics etc.- the dwarves can buld cities everywhere, you just need to build a tower and the terrain changes to snow and the special settling places for towns appear. all other heroes have to use what the map provides. btw, the engine cant handle too much snow terrain - even if unchecking all graphic setting will not help - loading such a game took like 10 minutes (with SSD HD and 16 GB RAM!!!)- the display settings change all the time forcing you to start the game, change setttings back and restart again (basically after ervery crash, which happens quite often)- you can win on insane with no effort on some maps- enemy KI is extremely dumb- the campaing is just one (!) scenario - why did they call that campaing?I start this up when I am to tired to play civ6, when I need something easy to play, where I just  build up my army and heroes and check all the event-dungeouns for spoils. Easy fun. Not complex."
76561197993712922,Recommended,496730,32196509,Posted: 5 June,all,Evil_Lord_Proteus,"An original idea. The game mixes turn-based strategy with RPG elements and questing, and generally does it quite well.  The aesthetics are very nice, they are not taxing on a system but look good for the intended style. The world is vibrant and interesting, with enough familiar concepts and creatures to make you feel comfy and enough original content to feel interesting and worth exploring. The gameplay itself is easy to understand, to the point and fun, with a more complex crafting and equipment system for you to play with if you're into that kind of stuff."
,Not Recommended,496730,35172882,Posted: 23 September,all,BOT Rob,"Crashed twice in less than an hour.. It has a lot of charm & it definitely has the right formula & glue, but I'd rather see it in a Fallen Enchantress game."
,Not Recommended,496730,35227310,Posted: 26 September,all,DemonNemesis,"I'd really love to give this game a positive review, but after a game-breaking bug I can't.The game has a lot going on for itself. I absolutely love turn-based games whether they are rpgs/strategy/ect, and this one delivers on so many fronts. Really nice gameplay and graphics are pretty on par for a game of it's kind.However, after about 30-40 minutes of play I cannot open any menus in the game without it crashing. Sure, a new game might fix this problem, but it also appears to be a known problem (for quite some time) and nothing seems to have been done about it.PC/SetupMonitor: ASUS [VX248H] + [VX238H]Chassis/Case: CoolerMaster MasterBox 5Motherboard: MSI Z270 GAMING M7Power Supply: EVGA 1000 GQCPU: Intel Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake Quad-Core 4.2 GHzCPU Cooler: MSI CPU Cooler, Silver/BlackVideo Card: MSI Gaming GeForce GTX 1070 8GBSSD(s): Toshiba Hybrid 500GBHDD(s): WD Black 4TB + WD Black 2TBRAM Memory: G.SKILL TridentZ RGB Series 16GB"
76561198033108678,Not Recommended,496730,25877332,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Somber Mood,Having a hard time seing much value between this and the last one.
76561198027889509,Recommended,496730,25833288,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,PengoPaddy,If you like 4x and didnt buy theOriginal SK then buy this game as it's good.
76561198026545154,Recommended,496730,25837300,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,trismigistus,I had fun. No major complaints.
76561197996795152,Recommended,496730,25830481,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Leora,"A very enjoyable strategy game with loot, quests, subquests and battle."
76561198042215742,Recommended,496730,29310325,Posted: 16 January,all,Amiss,"Fun game, lots of humor in the responses.  Great replayability!  Nice graphics"
76561197997221285,Recommended,496730,25824774,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,vergil_dgk,"I've yet to complete a full game, but I would still like to recommend this game. At heart, this is reminiscent of classic 4x games like Heroes of Might and Magic and Warlords. What I personally like about it is that it brings back that elusive sense of fun and adventure that those games provided. If you enjoy that early phase of exploration and hero-building, this game really delivers."
76561197995173446,Not Recommended,496730,29682148,Posted: 3 February,all,Suiwa,"This review is for version 2.0.2. I played many hours on this game but I still come across so many bugs. It's so fustrating you would think after years of patches they would have done something right.I found out only the new factions Dwarven Lord and Valemor that is not broken. The old factions appears weak in comparison and the skill trees are bugged. Certain skills doesn't exist but to waste a point on.Still, with the new factions came a new ability called ""Frostlanders"", which I found doesn't serve any functions but a just name.Overall, the new factions are fun to play. Providing you don't run across any game breaking bugs that appears on the map, otherwise you have to start over.I recommend this game only if you don't mind the fustrations, otherwise should wait until they patch most of the bugs."
76561197964470093,Not Recommended,496730,28692784,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,PerfectForeigner,i can't find my tactical spells on spellbook. it's a bug.
76561198079745183,Recommended,496730,28688611,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,costellom66,Great game.  Somewhat different  from reg first Sorcerer King.
,Recommended,496730,28032777,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,vaustein,"Laconic version: A fun and absorbing mix of Mike Singleton'sLords of Midnightand Stardock'sFallen Enchantresswith plenty of flavor text and nuanced tactical and strategic choices.Computer games that simulate asynchronous warfare in a fantasy setting have a fascinating history. Legendary British developer Mike Singleton worked almost exclusively in this mode with classics such as theLords of Midnighttrilogy, the twoExcaliburtitles, and the widely-portedWar in Middle Earth. The lesser knownSorcerer Lordfrom Personal Software Services presents an asynchronous warfare scenario with more traditional boardgame mechanics. Enter Stardock'sSorcerer King, the latest title in theElementalseries and sequel toFallen Enchantress, which might be the finest descendant of theMaster of Magicpedigree.The plot ofSorcerer Kingfollows the story arc ofFallen Enchantress. The restored Kingdom of Pariden that emerged from the events ofElemental: War of Magicdispatches two operatives to investigate troubling rumors in the untamed eastern continent. The noble warrior Relias inadvertently unleashes the eponymous enchantress, resulting in a devastating war that ends with the civilized western continent united under Relias' upstart kingdom of Altair. Meanwhile, the wizard Mirdoth stumbles upon a legendary artifact that possesses his mind and grants nearly unlimited power. Mirdoth proclaims himself the Sorcerer King, invades the west, and absorbs or enslaves every kingdom and empire without mercy. The Sorceror King allows a few enfeebled city-states to survive in the midst of starving anarchy under the watchful eyes of Mirdoth's servants. The game begins when your chosen character becomes ruler of the city of Altair and somehow becomes aware of Mirdoth's sinister purpose: Absorb all the elemental shards and thereby unmake the world and ascend to godhood.With Mirdoth already victorious and fully in control of the world, you must explore, recruit allies, and build a killer stack that can challenge Mirdoth at the doorstep of his fortress. Meanwhile, Mirdoth sends minions out to harvest the elemental shards in order to power the spell that will unmake the world. This is where the influence of earlier fantasy asynchronous warfare games becomes most apparent: As your army grows in power and proves an increasingly deadly threat, the Sorcerer King will bend the bulk of his forces away from the shards and toward your cities.However - and this may be disappointing to some - the Sorcerer King has unlimited forces. Mirdoth's armies will continue streaming out of his fortress until you attack and conquer the fortress itself. (Sorcerer King: Rivalsadds the victory condition of letting your character absorb the shards and ascend to godhood.)  In contrast to the games mentioned earlier, it is impossible to completely destroy the Sorcerer King's army in the field. The game mechanics compensate for this by providing a lively and interesting world filled with colorful potential allies / rivals and well-written flavor text for quests. Also, this game benefits from the strong AI algorithms first developed by Stardock forGalactic Civilizations.BTW, I logged 78 hours with the originalSorcerer Kingbefore I began playingRivals, which was offered at a deeply discounted pre-release price to those who had boughtSorcerer King."
76561198037403147,Recommended,496730,25929176,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Kyllas,"Fun Game, easily 50hrs game play."
,Not Recommended,496730,29280023,Posted: 15 January,all,Cognitive,"I'd rather play Fallen Enchantress. It's the same kind of game, and all in all still better."
76561197978683234,Recommended,496730,32098442,Posted: 31 May,all,Penetang,A solid and fun 4X game. I have played every leader and they all have unique attributes and skills that keep you interested throughout games on huge maps.Keep an eye out for new updates as each add extra content and will revive your interest in this excellent title.
76561198005432007,Not Recommended,496730,28941862,Posted: 2 January,all,RabMan [/\/\/\/\],"Fun concept, but stale gameplay, limited replayability."
76561198084102633,Not Recommended,496730,30457304,Posted: 11 March,all,brokenpaine,"Aside from everyone elses negative reviews I wanted to give a good one....sucks I can't....as someone said before..this game amounts to..a couple 5 dollar DLC's and a patch. What a money grab.I really liked the original and I didn't think twice about buying this one. Wish I would have checked the reviews. But honestly the WORST part of it all...the crashes...I have an awesome gaming rig so it's not on my end. In my opinion they broke the game. I've played four 3 hour sittings with this game on and offline...and the game has crashed at least 15 times. The game can't handle having to reload a save a couple time every 15 minutes...which I'm forced to do when a wrong answer to the SK ruins my game or a major battle goes wrong.Whatever changes they've made, which are very hard to even notice...have ruined the game for me. Maybe in a few months if I feel like playing again it would definitely be the original. Thanks allot Stardock... I can't tell whats worse, this or the money grab DLC's you put out for Gal Civ 3...I feel so scammed..."
76561198002164043,Recommended,496730,31978733,Posted: 26 May,all,Weller1980,"Really loved the orginal Sorcerer King, and Rivals expands on an already brilliant game, adding new quests, new items to craft etc.Plus the Devs show continued support be releasing updates."
76561197985941933,Not Recommended,496730,29043717,Posted: 5 January,all,Caer,"If you compare this with fallen enchantres it sadly loses on almost all aspects. A DLC with a ""Sorcer King Mode"" and sovering&crafting update would have been a better investment in my eyes."
76561198076459120,Recommended,496730,31901829,Posted: 22 May,all,Trotwood,Good and polished fantasy 4x
76561198092431729,Recommended,496730,31857168,Posted: 20 May,all,MORROGANDER,In my opinion this is not necessarily better than Fallen Enchantress but much more fun than FE. Even with FE mods.
76561198030793520,Recommended,496730,25879059,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,tintinabar,Better than the original by far.
76561198017092991,Recommended,496730,25820403,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,b5001,i like the game i hope they make somne dlc for it the game is allrightr
76561198042455631,Not Recommended,496730,35329896,Posted: 30 September,all,kfv777,"Great game, if it weren't for all the crashes... I don't know how a game could pass the beta stage with all the crashes and bugs like this one have..."
76561197985095040,Recommended,496730,35206366,Posted: 25 September,all,a0152570,Still has bugs but no real game stoppers.  Lots of gale play options really enhance replay value
76561198010023983,Not Recommended,496730,35358108,Posted: 30 September,all,Statistic,Missing too many elements of the previous game
76561198048346314,Recommended,496730,31964611,Posted: 25 May,all,BlackSmokeDMax,"Not a perfect game, but a good one. I'd rate it roughly 80%."
,Not Recommended,496730,33052771,Posted: 30 June,all,spanko,"The game seemed like a good follow up to Fallen Enchantress, but you can't even change the keybinds. That is pathetic for a PC ONLY game. This sort of lazy crap shouldn't be rewarded or encouraged."
,Recommended,496730,25648182,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,RawCode,"Holy potato, performance issues and camera are fixed!"
,Not Recommended,496730,25693078,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Aurelucere,"This is Crap! Crap! And Crap! Cuz it is identical to the original Sorcerer King! Just with a miscellaneous patch and on sale for a new price! If you are NOT new to Sorcerer King, do NOT buy it! And I am gonna play pirate versions of Stardock's games during rest of my life. So upset!"
,Recommended,496730,25672585,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Fairemont,Basically shameless demi-clone of Fallen Enchantress.Demi-clone because less features.
76561197960680778,Not Recommended,496730,29075801,Posted: 6 January,all,Marcus Thurston,Not sure why this game was made.  You start out weak and the King starts out strong.  No way to really stop him from taking you over.  Major flaws in this game.
,Recommended,496730,33490873,Posted: 12 July,all,Momaw Nadon,I am Momaw Nadon and I approve of this game.
,Not Recommended,496730,25999651,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,AiusLocutius,No.
76561198059500755,Recommended,496730,26701211,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Green Raven,A neat inversion of standard 4x fantasy. The battle between good and evil has already taken place. Good lost.Enter you.
76561198030455937,Recommended,496730,28334558,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,A Bob Ross painting of Ron Paul,This was my first time playing Sorcerer King: Rivals and I really enjoyed it. Reminded me of my all time favorite game Masters of Magic in some ways. Worth the purchase in my opinion and thank you to the developers.
,Recommended,496730,33328625,Posted: 6 July,all,Sneedz,"If you were a fan of Masters of Magic, you'll feel right at home."
76561197969261157,Recommended,496730,32007112,Posted: 27 May,all,Moobert,I had a lot of fun playing this. I enjoyed FE so I naturally moved on to this. The new factions add some uniqueness to the game but the minions need more variety.Would recommend!
