user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197993063507,Not Recommended,497470,24611852,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,paK0,"The game is a nice idea, but the breeding gets tedious quickly. As soon as the monsters get more traits it can take forever to get the combinations you want and since there is only one objectively best combination for every monster its not really ""create your own creature"".The rest of the game is mostly automated, which would be fine, if the core mechanic would not be as weak."
76561197971948490,Not Recommended,497470,27375633,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wraith_Magus,"Hey, boys and girls, do you want to have fun playing a game where you capture and breed cute monsters to create even stronger monsters and win battles?  Then play Pokemon, and stay far, far away from this game.  It's one of the most frustrating and tedious grinds I've ever played, and unlike some 300+ hour RPGs in the running for that title, this is a game that grates on the nerves only 2-3 hours in.I suppose I should start with the good:  The art is kind of cute, and you can EVENTUALLY grind up levels to play pretty princess dress-up with your assistant lady, which is about the only actual gameplay or fun in the game.D.N.Age is pretty clearly a translation of a port of a free-to-play mobile game which didn't get all the stupid ""energy bars"" removed after no longer being free-to-pay.  Thus, you have bizzare ""time to completion"" bars on things like crafting the potions you ordered that were clearly made much shorter, to the point of seconds, but still have a ""pay gold to get it now"" button. There's never really any reason to do that, but it's still there, and it's bizarre.Gameplay consists of forming a party, then sending it at the enemy and hoping for the best.  You have no control over battle except for a ""skip"" button, which you will use EVERY time, because this is the slowest, most boring grind you will ever experience.  Balance is terrible, with cakewalk missions suddenly slamming into a brick wall when a new super-powerful enemy is introduced.  There are no levels for your fighters, so to get stronger, you need new monsters.  The problem is, they drop randomly.  As in, if you still need to grind for the best monsters for your area, you have about a 50% chance of losing on the first node in an outing, and a 50% chance of destroying the enemy on the first round before they move.  This isn't just because battle is super-random - although it is, with who goes first random, and randomly-activated skills that can wipe out whole parties with one move - who you are fighting is totally random, with the battle on the same node either being against 4 sheep you can easily slaughter one time, and 4 hulking, flaming minotaurs that one-hit-kill your units the next. Praise RNGesus! Each outing takes 3-4 battles, with a 50-50 shot at each of them of losing, then, there's about a 75% chance there won't be ANY monster eggs for you to raise, and even if there ARE, there's a 75% chance it will be a different monster that you already have.  All-in-all, expect to spend 64 grinds on the same ""map"" to find one monster... and you need two to breed... and you need to have more than that if they don't have the full range of genes you need (and it's entirely possible to get four or five monsters in a row that are clones that don't have crucial genes).For that matter, ""map"" is far too generous a term for it - they just have a purely linear string of nodes that either have fights or some random other thing like a treasure chest that will always either be empty or filled with the potion ingredients you have to sell because they clog your inventory. Your sole interaction with it is punching the ""get on with it"" button as fast as you can.This wouldn't be so infuriating if there were any fun gameplay at all in this game, but it's literally just punching a ""get on wth it"" button over and over again. Worse, the developers absolutely loathe the idea of a good interface, and make it so only left clicking does anything, makes half their fonts eye-strain-inducingly tiny, and the buttons tiny, strewn randomly around the screen, and require clicking on that one and only button to continue.EVERYTHING takes far too many clicks.  Simply picking up the potion you already ordered and have waiting for you takes 6 clicks, including an absolutely MYSTIFYINGLY long 5-second pause when actually adding it to your inventory. It's literally just adding 5 to the number in your inventory, why does it take this long?! Again, I wouldn't mind if I didn't have to do it roughly a million times and there were any gameplay to break up the monotony.  After every single mission, you need to go back and turn in, then re-accept a quest, sell trash monsters, order more potions, then accept them, which, again, takes far too many clicks and has bizarre pauses before you get awarded your rewards.Worse, they never put things you need to do in succession in the same menus.  For example, you cannot order a pair of pants in a color, you have to order it at the tailor, pick it up some minutes later at the tailor, then go back home, put the pants on, then go BACK to the tailor to dye your new pants because she can't dye them unless you are wearing them.  You know, because of course that's how tailoring works.  Also, you can't order more potions made and look at how many potions or ingredients you still have in the same menu - you need to leave the store go to your lab, then look in your inventory to find that stuff out, then go back to the clinic, select making a potion, select the potion you want, click again for no good reason, then tap the + button until you get the number you want because there's no simple ability to just punch a number in with the keyboard, even if you want 50 of the stupid things.There's also no inventory sorting, and if you have more than 99 of something, it creates a new stack, and if you take from the top stack, there is no way to merge stacks. You can actually have multiple stacks with 40 or so of the same item, and no way to merge them.  It's maybe not a deal-breaking mistake, but that is an interface failure I have NEVER seen before.  They must have stayed up late at night coming up with new and creative ways to ♥♥♥♥ up something so simple and rote.The DNA mechanic that looked so interesting is just another pointless random grind until you get what you want.  See, they call it ""DNA"", but it's nothing like it.  The monsters have ""Dominance""(sic) and ""Recessive"" genes, but the dominant genes aren't actually dominant, and you often need two dominant genes because one recessive gene will cancel out the dominant one... you know, because apparently ""dominant"" doesn't mean anything... Oh, wait, no, it's a ""DominaNCE"" gene, not a dominant one, my mistake!  To breed monsters, you just punch a ""breed"" button, sigh, and punch it again because you just made a child with all the wrong traits.  Also, there's a finite number of breeding a monster can do, then it dies for some reason.  You make up for this by constantly feeding it more breeding juice, which helps for some reason.  You get tons of breeding juice from quests, but if you ever need to buy more, it isludicrouslyexpensive.  You basically just keep going until you get lucky and get a ""perfect"" monster, then after that grinding of an RNG is through, congrats, go back to grinding the regular level RNG.Oh, and do you like all those images of mermaids, centaurs, and other cute humanoid monsters?  Well, enjoy your platypus, suckers.  You're stuck with straight-up animals like a hamster or a sheep or the ""ugly"" monsters like zombies and goblins for the first half of the game, and can only unlock the cute people monsters after many hours of grinding.Oh, and did I mention the translation was bad?  Yeah, it's bad to the point of confusing.  For example, potions are under the ""Reagents"" tab, and reagents are under the ""Msc"" tab.In short, you basically are grinding for hours, praying to RNGesus just to get a chance to buy a new skirt for a paper doll secretary.  Even for as cheap as this game can be on sale, it's just not worth your time and frustration even if it's free."
,Not Recommended,497470,32966314,Posted: 28 June,all,easykiln,"A strange game. Gorgeous, well polished assets stretched over a mere skeleton of a game, to the point where I have to wonder if it was just something quickly whipped up as not to waste the assets of a cancelled project or something. I can't recommend it as it is now, but it's a shame because I think it really could have been good if it had anything to sink your teeth into.2/10"
,Not Recommended,497470,24644189,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,SidAlpha,"The epitome of a mobile app port, this game actually showed hintings of promise. Unfortunately, the complete lack of a combat system and the sheer amount that is left up to RNG ruins whatever potential this game had. In addition to that, the DNA system, while yes it sounds innovative and was the reason I decided to purchase this game for review purposes... ended up being horribly underdeveloped and lacking any player choice.Here is an excerpt from my First Impressions Review of the game:""Sporting an interesting premise that could have been a great game mechanic, the game ultimately suffers from a complete and utter lack of depth and forces the player into becoming a spectator, which is a cardinal sin. As a mobile game I would say it’s decent, but could have been great had it had an actual combat system instead of leaving the entire game up to RNG. As a PC Game it fails in pretty much every area except for stability and graphics. A prime example that games usually do not translate well when ported from mobile devices to PC or console. Unfortunately, this game just isn’t worth it despite the promise that it had. Again, if it had an actual combat mechanic and more depth to the DNA mixing and matching, this would have been an interesting and innovative game. But without those it’s just boring and pointless.""See my full Critique here:https://youtu.be/ODQ0ERzHHE0"
76561198007440494,Not Recommended,497470,24603084,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,GenGaoGaiGar,"I am going to play this game a bit more later on to see if it suddenly changes and gets better. The first half hour I've played so far feels like a free facebook game, just with obnoxious wait timers removed. When I say it feels like a facebook game, I mean from the aesthetic and the automated combat all remind me of some of the 'monster gatherer' style games on that website. It's not terrible, but I can't say it's with the $5 price tage ($4.50 with the 10% sale I got). Give this one a pass unless it goes on a significant sale."
,Recommended,497470,29889943,Posted: 12 February,all,Trimutius,"Well it is a grinding game with a simulator of genetics... If you expect it to be anything else than simulator of genetic with a built-in dress-up minigame then turn away now... Combat here is not really interesting, if you evolved the best possible variation of current star rating you are probably winning without any problem, though when star rating upgrades I had to grind the same map over and over again in order to get a second specimen to evolve with... But that is about it, you just grind until you get something to breed, then you do lots of genetics... genetic part was fun for me, but genetics is my favorite part of biology..."
76561198128270716,Not Recommended,497470,32726701,Posted: 24 June,all,Shady Sarah,I thought i would like this game... tbh the DNA part of it is good... its correct and everything.. but it can get old and annoying.. and the ACTUAL game play.. is nothing.. you just watch your critters fight... you can't control them at all...
76561198199708586,Not Recommended,497470,24931593,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,TheJRPG,"You can find the full review athereAs a mobile game, D.N.Age is a good time waster. You can spend 5 minutes at a time on it, and slowly make your way through the game. That’s why it has good reviews. As a PC game, it falls into the trap that most mobile ports tend to do. The resource collecting is sped up to make things slightly easier, but there isn’t any actual additional content.The monster merging mechanic is interesting but feels poorly done due to the sheer randomness. It’s basically just like breeding for EVs in Pokemon. The fact that they can’t gain better stats or abilities in any other way is really frustrating and it often feels like you’re just wasting your time. With how limiting everything else in the game is, it feels like the whole game relies on this mechanic. It doesn’t feel like it’s done well, despite being a really interesting idea, and that’s a shame.Ultimately, D.N.Age‘s PC release feels like a money-grab to capitalise on the mobile version’s success. Considering that you’re paying £3.99 for this, and it’s a fair bit cheaper on the mobile, it just doesn’t feel good. Having said that, there are some really interesting ideas in the game, and I wouldn’t complain if they made a sequel and put some real effort into it to make it playable on the PC. But this is about what we currently have. Sadly, D.N.Age just doesn’t cut it."
76561198146522541,Not Recommended,497470,24604039,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,khermerker,"ok ...i can't recommend the game...i had to say the idea have good potential maybe with more money and ideas could turn great. Ok first yup, you control nothing except party and what will be on party. That makes all exploration too random sometimes you win others you lose and is still same party with same hp, and same opponents only wrong attack order:P. Now the potential part comes in the breeding, each creature can merge with other of same species and then stats depend of DNA of creature, THe real objective is get the best creature merging. The first creatures are easy cause only have 3 possibility, later  will appear 2 characteristics and that means 9 possibilites only for put an example: characteristic is color B/P so the creatures could had it (B,B), (B,P) (P,P) the game things that (P,B)=(B,P) and for example (P,P) is the best so you need breed until you get the (P,P) creature, later appear other and that means 3 new and with the 3 of first means 9 possibilites.Now the problems...well yup its only breed there is no point in anything else appart of breed, shop only sells hp pots and mp pots. and you have to farm creatures (no creatures seller yet) so the objective is get creatures and then breeding, but get creatures is  a pain...RNG will screw your happines more of 1 time. you will feel taht you are not progressing looking for a creature cause when you advance in story some creatures stop showing so for collectors that want best creatures well you will feel taht you are in a job and not in a game.RNG will make sometimes you lose....at the end will not worth make hp pots or mp pots and better sell the dropped items and res that worry about them. Seems that you can recover merge points with the pot...thing that game should say cause never see any indication of that...and i will not install game for check it...still that its not enough for me for change thumbs down.PD; if anyone want know what i should change from no to yes is a creature seller or that drop of eggs is never cero.... in this moment takes 6 trys in get 1 egg...and is probably the one you dont want.PD2: btw my games usually dont show my playtime either...thjat is i leave them open when i go to eat or when i do other things....i mean i do more things than play this games."
76561198009021982,Recommended,497470,29754189,Posted: 6 February,all,archmag,"Main focus of this game is breeding based on DNA. This part is like a puzzle. Each monster has a DNA scheme consisting of up to 6 pairs of genes. Each pair (except cosmetic ones) has a best value and if you get that in your monster, it will gain certain percentage to it's stats. You can't farm for monster with best stats because they are not available in the wilds, so you have to solve the puzzle. When you solved it and make a team out of units with 100% bonus you can progress much further because monsters in the wilds will be much weaker than your own.As soon as you get 2-3 monsters that have all the required genes that you need, you can make a plan and go for the 100% version of that monster. Each monster can only be used several times in the breeding, and also there is an item that costs only 1500 gold that restores the amount of times that monster can be bred. You get so many of those items from quests that if you have a certain plan that does not depend on probabilities with less than 10%, you will make required monster without running out of those.On top of breeding part there is a combat that is rather simplistic. Each stage consists of 8-10 areas, when you enter each area you can be attacked or can find gold/healing/chest. Battle is automated between two teams. Each team consists of one leader that has a passive skill that affects all teammates and 3 other units. There is an elemental affinity system - fire>wind>water>fire. You can use potions to heal and resurrect units after the battle. Usually there are up to 4 battle areas on each stage. You get reward that you've collected if you make it to the end of the stage without wiping.Overall I find the game rather fun. Main thing that I like is breeding - how you need to combine your units to get to certain combinations of genes. But if you just mix things randomly you will most likely not get anything good and it will be frustrating (I suppose that's why there are so many bad reviews for this game). Combat is very simplistic and it only depends on composition of your army, I started using Skip button from 2nd or 3rd stage. Shops contain only health/mana/resurrect/merge recover potions. You can also craft better health/mana potions and costumes for your assistant with resources that you farm.Only thing that I miss is the filter for certain race when you start playing Merging. Usually you only need one race on that screen and default order is based on the order that you got units so it's kinda awkward to find units that you need.Note: the review is based on the version that was available at June 30, 2016. That's when I was playing the game, but was not able to post a review due to some bug in Steam, so temporarily saved it in forum."
,Not Recommended,497470,25943030,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Chase,"The game has an interesting concept, but the 'adventuring' is super grindy having no varation aside from what monsters you face, and once you figure out how to get the best DNA for a species it is super grindy to do that (sometimes requring more grinding of the adventuring variety). But ottherwise the artwork is cute, but it is too much work to get it."
76561198057369259,Not Recommended,497470,34344444,Posted: 19 August,all,dragon_knight__,"I take chances on a lot of new and discounted games, and this is the first one I really regret. I enjoyed the genetics part, but the game it is attached to is completely terrible. Seriously, don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,497470,24694389,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,[KINGS] The King,"Terrible low quality, no effort mobile port trash. lets begin shall we?first thing youll notice is that 2/3 of your screen is covered by black bars. this is not a resolution or scaling issue. they are always there, even in 640x480.next, youll notice how EVERY TIME YOU CLICK THE MOUSE THERE IS A POP POP POP SOUND. as though you were on a cell phone.oh look. a dress up game! too bad you can only dress up 1 character (who dosent fight BTW), and ALL clothing other than the starting clothing has to be crafted (which is on a TIME meter), AFTER unlocking it. thats right. every single hairstyle and clothing item is time gated. and it is the ONLY function of money in the game (other than increasing inventory slots).good graphics though right? EVERYONE SAYS IT LOOKS GOOD! but what they MEEN, is that the single animu waifu dressup doll is well drawn. too bad she only has 1 pose. too bad all the other wiafus cant be dressed up, or have more than 1 image. oh the battles look good right? NOPE. they look like trash. oh sure when you get near the end of the very short game (see mobile game with stamina/cooldown timers, and stamina removed.) things start looking ALMOST up to par with every other mobile game on the market, which is about up to par with an SNES game made by some 3rd party no name chinese developer. but do you really wanna sit through 3 hours of POPOOPOPOPOPOPOPOP as you mash click through the text boxes?oh yeh. the text boxes. these are great. they take up a good 1/5th of the screen, and NEVER have more than 1-2 sentences.  so 90% unused space thats just this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gradient box over the whole image.best part of all? the game sets off anti virus flags left and right, the developer suggests turning OFF your anti cirus, and then says he dosent suggest it. typical asian developer who dosent give 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ and a ♥♥♥♥ sickle about the quality of their game."
76561197970547043,Recommended,497470,33195558,Posted: 3 July,all,Syad,"fun gameYou assemble a genetically engineered team to combat monsters.pros: DNA and stuffcons: mobile port, the amount of clicking to get anywhere is annoying"
76561198005918867,Recommended,497470,24609330,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lost XIII,"This game is not bad as long as you know what you are getting. Remove all the frills and this game is meant to teach people the most basic genetic concept, the punnett square, if you expect anything more then that you are in for an unpleasant surprise."
,Recommended,497470,26975360,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,gavweb123,it fun difficult in parts its something pretty basic to pass the time and too over stimulating and for that matter family friendly which is a win win
76561198145422996,Recommended,497470,24603788,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,lufialunar,"Games ok, really easy to pick up on. The ""DNA"" factor is random, and getting stronger monsters is a way through breeding. There is very little control that you the player has to do. you set up your monsters and let them go at other monsters. I think a young kid could play this game quite easily. I'm not sure if theirs any Crossbreeding. since it tells me there are no available partners at the moment. but with in 30 minutes I am using the Skip Button for combat. There is no control there you just have to Hope RNG serves you well. ALL combat is RNG, the only thing you control is unit placement. and hopefully you have a tank in the right slot since it gets targeted the most.In the begining there is not much to do. breed until you have 4 monsters and try to do quests. There is no level factor so Exploration is a hit or miss factor based on RNG."
76561198057459774,Recommended,497470,24610896,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ictaris,"So far, so good, but for the luv of god... pls put in an auto-proceed option or at least a keybinding for all these buttons ;)"
,Recommended,497470,24632295,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,CroweBrust,i'm a sucker for cute anime artbut.. hey the game is nice ^w^)you can breed monster and explore with it
76561198038552111,Recommended,497470,31198591,Posted: 17 April,all,Phruler,Good game
76561198320903459,Recommended,497470,24621166,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ringshell,DNA system is innovative and interesting.this game is good illustration.good quality game for low price.that's good.
