user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,497800,26293501,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This review is for all my friends that lovetrueroguelikes! For how much that term is thrown around on Steam, there really aren't too many.For the small asking price, youneedthis little gem in your library. Here is why:1. The use of light (sunlight and artificial) in this game is fantastic. A breath of fresh air, really. This combined with how you swap between being human and vampire (and all consequences attached), just makes for something really awesome. I cannot stress this enough. Most roguelikes get by on simply following the formula, but when awesome new mechanics are thrown in - it really makes for something special.2. Inventory management has been paired down to just the essential, without feeling like some mobile casualty decision. If something is better, you auto-equip. If not, it is instantly converted to money. Boom, roasted.3. Controls have also been paired down, which is great. WASD to move, F to fire the gun, E to select, P for potions. Thats the vast majority of what you will be using. It's great.4. While it is early access, it very much feels finished - and is beatable at this point. I'd love to see more, but if the dev up and ran, I'd still be more than happy with what I have for five bucks.Alright, I'll leave it at that. All I can say is you really should give this a try. Playing as a human has a whole set of nuances and strategy that differ from when you are converted into a vampire. All of a sudden those precious light beams that are a weapon for humans, are now deadly if you are a vampire. The changing day cycle determines what side of the castle the light comes into the windows, really adding strategy. You shoot out windows and let the light flood in to insta-kill vampires. It's a crazy cool idea that really works.A must-buy for fans of roguelikes."
,Recommended,497800,26226804,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,advancedspuds,"Great Game, a must have for traditional roguelike fans.  Very interesting vampirism mechanics.  The game has a modern UI and nicely done controlls.  It is very streamlined, more action less time wasting.I thougt I'd add, it uses 4 way directions, so laptop or numpad-less gamers are in luck!"
,Recommended,497800,26408786,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,EpikMaowPhailure,"Highly entertaining coffee break roguelike perfect for procrastinating for just a few minutes. The sunlight mechanics are fun to experiment with, and the identification system is just nerve racking enough to have me sit there and decide whether or not it's worth accidentally turning into a vampire if it's also possible to heal the poison about to kill me. The ""hunger"" clock puts me in a place to not waste turns, all while exploring as much of The Pharmacopeia as possible before dying. Highly recommended if you don't feel like learning a whole new system of a game but need a break from other heavy roguelikes."
76561197997098258,Recommended,497800,26270231,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Artanis,"Not played much, but really interesting and fun roguelike so far! The human-vampire shifting, the potion system and the light-darkness are nice features that can involve different playstyles and strategies. Really looking forward to see how this game develops, but for now looks amazing! Good job :)"
76561198124092294,Recommended,497800,26226459,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,DeVita7,"Good entry level roguelike. Simple mechanics with the twist of changing between human and vampire. Since equipment is automated, potions are your entire inventory. I think that the balance between hunger and spellcasting is interesting."
,Recommended,497800,26253273,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Rafael M.,"With the lack of real Roguelikes on Steam, it's a great surprise that we now have a new entry on the genre - and a really good one! Golden Krone Hotel takes what is best on this formula and adds nice features like the use of the everchanging sunlight as a weapon, if you're on the human form, and as something to be terrified about, if you're a vampire. That's right - the gameplay consists on playing with both forms and you need to make the best use of them if you want to survive.Don't be fooled by the Early Access label; this game is very polished, playable and beatable. At the moment there are six classes to choose from, 10 floors and five branches, 40 potions, 20 spells and dozens of monsters to haunt you. Despite being a traditional Roguelike, the UI is very easy to use and you can remap any key to your likings. The sound effects are great and the soundtrack may be one of the best, if not the best, I've heard on this kind of game. Also, there are some little details that makes the game even more fun, like the possibility to find and drink an Ale beer! What more could you ask for?All in all, Golden Krone Hotel is an already great and promising Roguelike that will gain even more content in the future. For the asking price is a steal for what it offers - fun and inovative gameplay, challenging difficulty, funny moments, great amount of variety and replay value. You can't miss this one if you're a fan of Roguelikes!"
,Recommended,497800,26413888,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,deadering,"Really unique and fun roguelike. Really easy to get right into for a roguelike and has some interesting mechanics and such a wonderful atmosphere.Off to a great start of development, very fun to play in it's current state. Can't wait to see where it's headed!+ Charming art that is consistent and adds to the setting.+ The gameplay is fast paced and fun (for a RL) and rounds are short.+ Unique vampirism mechanic that really enhances the gameplay.+ Streamlined gameplay to get you right into the action.+ Decent storyline with lore bits and dialogue+ Already a decent amount of spells and potions= Gameplay, while streamlined, is lacking in depth.= Pixel art is a love/hate thing.= Enemy types are lacking but the ones they have are cool.- There are a couple decorations already but they are severely overused. Beds... beds everywhere.Overall the game is very fun and perfect for when you don't feel like or have time to jump into a much more in-depth game. This however leaves it feeling a bit too light sometimes for my personal taste, but it's a great change of pace sometimes.It's major issues are mainly with content and polish which can easily be fixed over the course of it's full development. It's my hope the developers will take this unique game they've made here and improve on it until it becomes a true gem of a roguelike."
,Recommended,497800,28401723,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,bozar,"tl;dr: If you are a Rogueliker, buy it.  NOW.""Tonight... Gehrman joins the hunt....""After twenty hours' game-play and with the help of save scumming (less than ten deaths), I beat the game for the first time.  Hunters would agree that GKH is easy to learn and has some interesting mechanics.Identity: Every hunter will fall into the embrace of vampires sooner or later.  Three forms (human, vampire and werewolf) brings radically different game style.  Besides, in order to survive or kill some monsters, you have to change back to human.Terrian:  Hotel floors will change by game turns.  They will be lighted by sun or moon, or be covered with blood.  Time is another crucial factor to survival.Light: Vamps and wolves have low-light vision, but human is bat-blind in full dakrness.  To light or kill the lantern, that is the question.Localization?  There is a `locales` folder under the game folder.  So I was just wondering... :)"
,Recommended,497800,26245677,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Aurochs,It's a streamlined but still very traditional roguelike. I enjoy the dynamic lighting effects and luring vampires into the light rays. That and having to avoid the light yourself when you inevitably become a vampire.The potion system takes the place of what would be normal inventory management. Having the choice of a few different potential effects makes selecting a potion not quite as risky as some classic roguelikes.I think the game is shaping up very nicely and would be worth the purchase if you'd like some unique coffee break roguelike action. It's still got some rough edges but seems to be shaping up to be a good game.
,Recommended,497800,29753358,Posted: 6 February,all,Deadly Habit,I almost never leave reviews but this is an addictive coffebreak style roguelike I have yet to beat.Originally experienced it during 7drl and it deserves more attention.My rate of a good game is if I get more than an hour of play per dollar and even at full price working on more with the Steam version.Recommended for roguelike fans.
,Recommended,497800,35196102,Posted: 24 September,all,Webmant,"If you are a fan of roguelikes, this is a game for you. Having played and beaten Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup and NetHack multiple times, I can recommend this game to anyone who wants a streamlined and fast roguelike experience (plays faster and features much less tedium than other roguelikes) that goes beyond the offerings of a standard roguelike. The game, albeit shorter than other roguelikes, features very fleshed out mechanics regarding the different forms your character can take (human, vampire, and werewolf if you play its respective role). Each form plays differently and is required to be used to win the game (there are parts of the game where being a vampire is the best choice and where being a human is the best choice), resulting in an interesting, varied, and fun gameplay experience. If you are considering buying the game, do so: it is a coffee-break roguelike and you will be able to tell whether or not you like it before the 2 hour refund period is over.To me, a game review on Steam honestly isn't complete until you mention the game developer and their practices as this is a major factor of how a game will perform in the future. Fortunately, I only have good things to say, further cementing the positive review that I feel so obligated to leave. A mere 4 days ago, I reported 2 bugs (key rebinding causing the game to refuse to load and diagonal ice sliding not functioning properly) via email and I find that this morning's patch not only featured fixes to my bugs, but a new difficulty, new music, and more. To conclude this review, I can leave one guarantee. You won't be disappointed by this game or its developer."
,Recommended,497800,31849686,Posted: 19 May,all,Mitchfynde,"An oldschool roguelike experience streamlined to the point where you could probably play it on android, Don't be fooled by that description, Golden Krone Hotel is very strategic and very hard. What makes it more casual than other roguelikes is merely the fact that it is designed to be ""pick up and play"". The controls are streamlined. None of this fumbling around to remember which key you have to press to drink a potion or something. Everything is at your fingertips. This leaves you free to enjoy the strategy of the game without the massive learning curve often present in other roguelikes.I could end the review there and many roguelike fans would be satisfied, but that's not all there is to this title. We haven't even touched on what makes this game great. The number one thing is the vampirism mechanic. You can start as a human or as a vampire, but you are always BOTH. If you are a human, you have a vampire meter which slowly grows until you transform. If you're a vampire, you find potions that transform you back into a human. The humans have guns and magic while the vampires have increased combat skillsAside from that, the coolest thing is the light mechanic. There is light, moonlight, and dark. Humans are not affected by light, but have trouble seeing in the dark. Vampires can see in the dark and use it for stealth, but they are dealt massive damage by sunlight. The light moves in accordance to what time it is in game. If you are a human, you can shoot out the windows or blast them with a magic spell to let light shine through. However, keep in mind that light only shines through the windows during the right time of day!It's worth noting that you can also play as a werewolf. I'm not as familiar with this aspect of the game yet. All I really know is that you are somehow positively affected by moonlight.Those who like roguelikes to be hard as nails, but want a streamlined experience should love this game. It has really cool mechanics. I love it."
76561197972901617,Recommended,497800,26291842,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Rev. Sudasana,"This is a very promising start to a game that has a very strong setting, a good amount of humour, and a solid character-transforming mechanic. The controls are easy to pick up, the mechanics are classic Roguelike in that they are simple but work together in complex ways, and the enemies I have encountered so far have a ton of character.It's still early days, so there are some rough edges on the game as it stands, but I trust these will be polished during the early access period.If you enjoy Roguelikes at all, and especially if you enjoy spooky horror themes, it is definately worth trying out."
76561198002560836,Recommended,497800,26252727,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Esty was here,This game was a very plesant surprise and cant wait for more to be added to be expanded upon!
,Recommended,497800,26466698,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Gaudy Goat,"Golden Krone Hotel is a great Roguelike with enough complexity to keep you interested, but with none of the inventory management and boring stuff that makes learning a new roguelike difficult. This game has had all the fat cut away and it's just meat. It's easy to learn but hard to master, and it's good fun.I've talked to the Dev online and updates are guaranteed. This is good because level design is a bit samey outside of a few 'special levels' with a cool theme (like crypt, greenhouse, etc). My play time is fluffed up a bit because I have the nasty habit of idling while I do something else, but I'm satisfied with it. I'm excited to see where the game goes in updates, but until then I haven't even gotten past around level 8 or so, so there's plenty of content to go through.I'd say pick it up, it's worth your money and it needs more publicity."
76561198003167471,Recommended,497800,31637450,Posted: 8 May,all,Fatsy Piggins,"This is great, a proper roguelike with an interface that's easy to use and some clever mechanics that change the game depending on what you currently are whether it be human, vampire or something else. Enemies can be hostile or leave you in peace, light shafts that shine through windows and move as the day progresses can be a good way to get rid of vampires chasing you if you're human or something to run from if you're undead.You will die a lot but every time I've seen the game over screen  it's been my own fault. The game encourages you to learn from your mistakes and progress will come if you pay attention.Lastly, the music is great and really helps to give the game a wonderful gothic atmosphere. Definitely worth buying at the price."
,Recommended,497800,34267803,Posted: 15 August,all,Sasafras,Shows a lot of potential. Completly playable as of time of review. Great if you enjoy roguelikes and want something new. Beginer friendly.
,Recommended,497800,34298317,Posted: 16 August,all,Aylad,"I grew up spending a lot of time playing games similar to this one, but not as well put together.  The devs have obviously spent a LOT of time thinking about how to improve the roguelike genre, and it has really paid off.  The little touches, like the potion identification system and the fact that you're constantly in danger of turning into a photosensitive vampire, are really brilliant.If retro roguelikes are not your thing,  you're not likely to enjoy this game (why even take the time to read the reviews, then?), but if the genre appeals to you, GKH is definitely something you need to pick up and play."
,Recommended,497800,30181278,Posted: 25 February,all,ebtss,"I don't really use Twitter, I only have two ""followers"" and from some reason GKH is one of them.  So, I bought this game just to support that 50% of my fan base.It is surprisingly fun, even though I rage quit after 15 minutes every time.  Some day I'll make it past level 6.  I have much to learn to about this game.I usually turn the music off or way down in games because I find it distracting.  Here it's on, nice job.(One minor problem:  after my character dies, hitting the ""x"" key to ""Dismiss"" causes the game to auto-play, but then all keys are dead, I have to drop out to Windows task manager and kill the process.)"
,Recommended,497800,34224566,Posted: 13 August,all,Vitala the Fairy,"(Haven't finished the game yet, so my opinion may change.)I love Roguelikes - I played Brogue and Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup hundreds of hours. So when I started to play GKH, I was a bit dissapointed - equipment is basically just a number, and it seemed RNG heavy at first, so tactical play was limited.But I felt the same way about many other RLs, so I knew I should just keep playing and trying new things. And this was right thing to do, because I was wrong. Playing as human, you are not supposed to fight everything with your standard attack - using magic is most important thing to do, and trying to find best ways to use it. Magic is most reliable - it's better than potions or physical attacks, and it's also very fun to use. Game (on hard difficulty) became much easier and much more tactical after I stopped relying on physical attacks. As a vampire, of course, there is much more physical fighting.To new players I would recommend to stick with this game and to try wildly different approaches every time. Don't be afraid to try something new, even if it may get you killed. Game is short, so it's not a big deal to begin again. If you are willing to experiment, and don't forget to use everything you got at your disposal, you will have a good time in this game, especially if you like games with a lot of decision-making, tactics and zero grind. I definitely will add this game to my list of RLs that I play for tens of hours, forget about for a month or two and then start playing it obsessively again.And some things that I still dislike - equipment seems very boring. I don't feel any excitement about getting new sword. While I like every other mechanic in general, this one seems very disappointing and in my opinion, should be replaced with something more interesting that involves decision-making, and not just simple bonus that is completely random. I don't HATE this system, but it feels very ""gamey"" compared to everything else in the game, or even incomplete.Everything else is very minor and doesn't need to be here, because otherwise it's very fun and challenging game and I'm very thankful for Roguelike Radio episode that finally got me to try it!"
,Recommended,497800,34542456,Posted: 27 August,all,Chocolate Cheddar,"I love this game, it makes me want to shout, throw my hands up and shout. The light mechanics are super interesting and it's tough, which makes it all the more addictive. It is similar to DCSS in some ways, such as multiple branches you can go through. While minimal, I think this streamlined appraoch works in this game's favor."
76561198037259809,Recommended,497800,33280060,Posted: 5 July,all,Waervyn,"Great 'introductory' roguelike with good depth. It lends some mechanics from games such as Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup, where you have to go into different branches in order to finish the game. However, this game is MUCH shorter (my wins have been around 30-40m I believe). There's many fun things about this game. If you'd like to see me play the game, please check out my let's play where my mission is to beat the game with all classes.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kt9UoCQNDW0Pro's:- Difficult, but winnable. This is not one of these roguelikes that takes 20 years to practise to finally beat (I beat it on my tenth try). However, it can still be very difficult, and mistakes will cost you your life.- Difficulty levels! I told you I beat the game? Well...that was on easy! Time to go up a level!- Cool music- Very fun theme. You're a vampire hunter trying to find a vampire...however, throughout the game you gradually turn into a vampire yourself. This means that suddenly all vampires are friendly to you, but other hunters are your enemies all of a sudden. This takes planning to make the most of it.- Vampire and human form play very differently- Weather system. The sun comes up and goes down. During day, it travels from East to South to West. If you destroy windows, beams will come through there and damage any vampires in it (including you if you are a vampire!).- Very streamlined. Although you can run into spells and choose what you want there, whenever you find a weapon the game will decide whether it's better or not (as its a flat bonus). If it's better, it equips it, if it's not better, you get some gold.- Lots of hidden depth and secrets!- Lots of classes to play with (including a werewolf!)- No diagonal movement. To me this is a pro as I often play at airports and I don't have a numpad (and I'm too lazy to learn the traditional 'roguelike' movement keys)Cons:- Although the tutorial is great, it did leave some things unexplainedNeutral:- Not sure about the longevity. It doesn't have the depth of ToME, ADOM and DCSS, but then again, it also doesn't need to have it. I'm pretty sure I can easily get 20h worth of fun from this, and if the dev keeps adding different branches etc, I might even get more."
,Recommended,497800,34296096,Posted: 16 August,all,Herblin,Only just started into this but I have an excited feeling about this game.  Feels worth the $5 on art style alone so far!
76561198078061215,Recommended,497800,32946589,Posted: 28 June,all,Brood Maiden,Great casual roguelke with very interesting mechanics.
76561198077518431,Recommended,497800,33161474,Posted: 2 July,all,Lars Umlaut,"This is a top-notch coffee-break (well, maybe lunch-break) roguelike with some really interesting mechanics.  Fans of proper or traditional roguelikes should not hesitate to pick it up at full price and in early access.  The roguelike itch is comprehensively scratched despite the light nature of the game.I find that the one of the most common causes of death in roguelikes is alcohol -- not in-game potions, but the scotch that I the player am drinking.  This is an awesome game to play if you're tipsy or intending to get there; runs are short enough that you won't mind very much if your character dies.A minor con for me is that there's no inventory management; you always use the most damage-causing weapon you find, and there are no weapons that are appropriate for Situation A but not Situation B.  But, realistically, if that were added, it would be a different game and not necessarily a better one.I feel that this would be scalable down to mobile and I rather hope they do an iOS version; I would enjoy playing this on my phone.  I think that, like 868-HACK, it's one of those roguelikes that works (or would work) well in either format.I waited for a sale to pick this up and I shouldn't have."
76561198053061177,Recommended,497800,32717664,Posted: 24 June,all,shamaniam,"Great rougelike, cant wait to see the finished product.  If your a fan of true turn based roguelikes this is a must buy."
,Recommended,497800,29720917,Posted: 5 February,all,Bandit King,GG.
,Not Recommended,497800,34116103,Posted: 8 August,all,pango,Anything I write here is going to get analysed by the dev so I'm just going to go back to my original comment which was that I found the game disappointing.
