user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198012630039,Not Recommended,498240,25240978,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,stuartpackham,"I made a conscious effort to play ""humanely"" and not succumb to Telltale's usual tacit encouragement to beat and bloodlet. Notwithstanding convincing a henchman to talk without using any violence, Alfred still yelled at me for beating the henchman ""half to death"", and there was a huge chunk of dialogue where I was chastised for acting like a monster. This is even though Commissioner Gordon ""noted my non-violent approach"" to dealing with said henchman. It really took me right out of the game and made the whole ""choices"" aspect entirely pointless. I would have thought Telltale would get better at this after so many games. Sloppy stuff."
,Not Recommended,498240,32406056,Posted: 14 June,all,Batman,"(NO SPOILERS ARE IN THIS REVIEW)As much as it pains me to not recommend a batman game, I have full faith my reasons will make sense as to why I dont recommend it.Let me start off by saying, this is one of those games that sound fantastic on paper, but the end result is eh.Telltale series as we all know make story rich games, example like the walking dead games.but the difference here, is the fact that this game feels very rushed. When I played the walking dead, it was great. the animations were perfect, and the story was told very well and had no bugs.But this one... was different.To start off, I am a avid Batman fan, i've logged a thousand hours into all the batman games combined (780 alone in arkham knight). But I simply cannot recommend this game and here are my reasons whyThe story is a good 6/10 AT BEST. and i say at best because the story felt like a drag. too much was happening at once for it to make any sense.Not to mention the game was rushed, you can tell when a developer takes time on a game and on another they dont. the walking and facial animations are very wonky. Eyes are completely whited out, body posistions off in certain scenes, and the occasional black streak accross the screen. ( and many other bugs) With that being said, if you're a Batman fan you'll find it difficult to get through this game.Everything from this point on is a personal opinion on the game itself and how it represents batman as a whole.In my OPINION, yes OPINION.they did not represent Batman well at all.The writers should have done more research into the character that is VERY well known, and not something you can just pull off on a whim.what i mean by this is, there is scenes in the episodes where Bruce would simply just never say or do that.I say this because I've watched, played, and read a TON of stories about the batman character, and this game as i was playing it just felt off about everything. the story, the dialogue choices i was given. it all just felt... off.Telltale, i love your games, your idea is unique. but (And this is a HUGE but) stick to story rich ideas, like the walking dead, etc...those are the games you can thrive in, not batman. leave it to the professionals for that.But this concludes my review/ rant of this game. I hope it made sense because i dont feel like reading through what i just typed lol."
76561198098412392,Not Recommended,498240,26223707,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Natvika,"In terms of story, it's a Telltale game, the story is fantastic.However I can't recommend you buy this game until they fix the awful performance issues. Constant lag and freezes since episode 1 and no sign of any fix."
,Recommended,498240,32278858,Posted: 8 June,all,DiamondXDestiny,"I Love The Telltale Series!! Most of them anyways! Such great stories & character interactions.This Batman story is interesting to say the least & I'm in LOVE with their take on Catwoman, probably my favorite Catwoman by far! <3 I really like her a lot! Needless to say, job well done on the entire game! Batmobile is awesome too! Can't get enough of the Batmobile :O  Holy Cow, that car is so sexy!!I'm just hoping they keep up the good work & keep at it making more interesting fun series to play!!"
,Not Recommended,498240,24674279,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,sushitrash,"Dialogue is out of sync, lagging like hell, not more that 10 FPS, Resolution problems.Fix did came for all the problems and more settings option but it was too late, so no, I will not recommend the game. Also with the delay in last 2 episodes for only PC version. It's a no go for me, buy it when it's every cheap. Like very very.For Review of the Episode 1 and 2 See EDIT 5.For Review of the Episode 3, 4 and 5 See EDIT 6.EDIT: Was able to fix the low FPS, but still having resolution problems (Can't go to full-screen whenever I select it, it also fezzes with Alt+Enter).EDIT 2: Was able to fix full-screen error too, need to make your game run with integrated graphic card then select the resolution you want (while in full-screen) and then switch back to your Nvidia card.EDIT 3: Game stopped working in full-screen again (with Nvidia Card).EDIT 4: So, I was finally able to play the gameEDIT 5: Episode 1 and 2 proved to be a very exciting adventure. You’ll be able to experience a fairly unique Batman story with surprising twists and turns, all while feeling rather familiar, thus never kicking diehard fans against the shins. Simple game play, many story options and a high replay factor make this game fun to create your own Batman experience, or to have friends over and decide together.EDIT 6: So, Episode 3 is a fun continuation of the story, but it’s also clear that this fragment plays itself out in the middle of the story, as there is slightly less evolution. Nonetheless, you’ll be making many interesting choices, while certain questions are slowly being answered, and new characters are being born. Certainly worth continuing your journey as the Dark Knight.Episode 4 - This is the worst episode in a great season, but it doesn’t seem as though it’ll tarnish the entire package too much. Because the final minutes are so important it’s hard to recommend skipping it to those who have been enjoying the series so far, and it’s far from being a bad enough episode to turn people away from the series as a whole. Still, it’s a disappointing development after increasingly interesting chapters, so we’ll have to wait and see how the finale wraps everything up.Episode 5 - It wraps up the series nicely while leaving enough dangling threads to make the possibility of a follow-up a very real, enticing possibility. This isn’t the strongest Batman episode to date (for me), but it’s nonetheless an entertaining, fitting end… for now."
76561197967095725,Not Recommended,498240,24769594,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ScorpioProX,"Made a choice to not hurt a criminal, the game tells me I beat him into the hospital. Gave statement to the press, the game tells me I did not. If your choices are not reflected correctly within 1 episode the rest of the series is a joke."
76561198076220397,Not Recommended,498240,24674158,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Kingis,"You should never, ever, preorder a video game"
,Recommended,498240,32854116,Posted: 27 June,all,Svirt,"The World's Greaterst Detective or the Hood ?Telltale Games brings new way of looking on one of the greatest successes in comics industry - Batman. I consider myself as a dedicated fan of DC's Batman series, at least of their cinematic and gaming execution, and after reading some of the reviews on this product I didn't get my hopes up and waited long enough before purchasing the game. Do I regret it? No way. This performance exceeded my expectations and I'm more than satisfied. There is everything - friendship, romance, treachery, character development, new features and this game showed me the view on Gotham and Wayne family I've never seen before.So where's the catch you ask? If you are into DC, as I am, you would probably know the TV series Arrow, the younger copy of Batman. Arrow and Batman do have much in common but there are still many differences between them, especialy in their behaviour. So what did the developers do? It's easy, they didn't capture the Batman's, Bruce Wayne's, persona right. They just took Arrow and set him into Batman's story. Does it matter? If you ask hardcore Batman fans, for them yes, for the rest of the public, not so much. In my opinion Telltale just broughta new way of looking on Batman as a hero and a man shadowed by the ghosts of the past.Pros✪Detailsare important and I think that scripwriter made sure that their texts are elaborate, follow up and also nice to listen to. Amazing voice acting is something I just have to mention. And another detail are the fighting scenes which are full of action and really enjoyable to see.✪Selina Kyle- You just know you gotta love Catwoman. Even though she does appear in the game almost scarcely, you just see the spark between her and the protagonist as there's always been.✪Characters- The strongest of all is the development of Harvey Dentand his alter ego Two-face. It's fantastic to see how he slowly changes and environment around influences him. Besides him you meet whole bunch of famous DC villains, but this is for you to experience.Cons✪Rushing- Telltale used perfect marketing strategy, as they always do. First episode for free. Why is that? The first one is the best one. The one which grabbed the most work, the one so good you just gotta know what happened next. So good you immerse yourself completely in the story. But the rest. They are just rushed. Too quick escalation and it damaged the game as a whole.✪Optimalizationeven after completion of the game there are fps drops and whole stability of the game is questionable. Even though this minor defect doesn't appear too frequently it can ruin the atmosphere during the gameplay.8/10Last game by Telltale I've played was the Game of Thrones and I must say this was a huge improvement, now I really felt like my choice matters and what it does and changes. This is what these games are about and how they should be done. I can gladly recommend this game for both telltale and DC fans."
,Not Recommended,498240,26222994,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Wendy,"Awful performance issues, can't play in the resolutions that im given outside of the default, can't even start episode 3, so for that episode it's a literal 0/10.I would recommend on sale after the game is finished, and all the performance issues are fixed.Edit: Episode 5 is out and the game is considered in a ""finished"" state, 1440p is still not working for me properly and i've met glitches that forced me to restart the watch the same UNSKIPPABLE scene 3 times."
,Not Recommended,498240,24674171,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Cerberus30,"EDIT: Game crashes in the same spot every time. That poor security guard has died so many times. :(Game is 100% broken as of launch. You could have a PC built by Jesus Christ himself and this game still will run at 10fps, a floaty cursor, and be completely unplayable at the LOWEST settings.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198047967230,Not Recommended,498240,24674701,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tom Campbell,"I love telltale games, I love batman, my hype for this game was off the chart. However there are lot of running issues. I have a high end laptop and I have never had trouble running a game, this game was however running at about 10fps with a lot of sound issues and a lot of crashes. Do not buy until the issues have been worked out."
76561198054028860,Recommended,498240,24699327,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,RadioStyleEdit,Crashing has been fixed. Ignore the release-day negative reviews. Gameplay is what you would expect from Telltale and the story telling was fun and engaging. Just finished the first episode and wish I could go back through to try all the possible combinations without overwriting my original save. Guess I'll just have to wait for the whole story to be released.
,Not Recommended,498240,24674474,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,RobloFly,the curse of arkham knight returns
76561198071689614,Not Recommended,498240,26226875,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Mystic Exarch,"I deleted my chapter 1 review to put this one up (chapter 3 just finished) because my opinion of the game has totally changed.More and more I'm seeing the choices not matter...for instance I took the high road the whole way through chapters 1 and 2, using as little force as necessary and not brutalizing anyone, and yet the police/Gordon still hate me because they think I'm a psychopath who tortures people.Without spoiling anything, something radical happens at the end of chapter 3, this big f*ck you cliffhanger that is meant to steer the plot in the direction that the designers want it to go. They build this sense of immersion and RP and really make you feel like you're making meaningful decisions. Right up unil the last few moments that is, where they pull back the curtains violently. It's very clear Telltale has no intention of ever letting players have any amount of control.It's so sad because the dialouge and story and character writing is so good...right up until the literal last minute scene that undoes everything. It could have been a really amazing game.It would be one thing if the narrative was good, but it's absolutely riddled with plot holes and consistancy errors.Moreover, as a dedicated Batman fan, I have to comment on the fact that they retcon the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the cannon on a systemic level. Characters have totally different allegiances/motivations that what we're used to. Almost none of the charming characters that you know and love are the same anymore. At this point, is it even a Batman game?The tearing that was there in chapter 1 isn't a slight nuissance anymore...it's now very prevalent and annoying. Character models are glitchy, art assets are poorly coded, just all around this not a polished product.Lastly, the gameplay is even more watered down now. The detective sequence in this chapter forces you to link evidence together so that you can ""figure out the puzzle"" even though it would be obvious to a simpleton what is going on. Then there's random uneccessary QTE when you're doing simple tasks (like not even timed, but just there randomly as if to check that you're not AFK).Telltale is clearly running out of ideas and budget, and I don't have much faith in their products anymore. I may not even finish this game."
,Recommended,498240,24734289,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,LT Netjak,"Where to begin. It's Batman. It's TellTale. That's a pretty good mix for me.Pros:An interesting take on the Batman origin. While we have the standard alleyway shooting, the game delves much further into the past of not just Bruce, but of the whole Wayne family. This is something that is generally ignored in much of the comic mythos and let's just say we get what appears to be a rather interesting story twist that I'm looking forward to.Of course, this being an early years Batman, we aren't going to run into many of the iconic villains, at least not in their recognized form since the whole escalation angle hasn't happened yet. Much like Batman Begins, local organized crime is the key focus of Batman's efforts and sets up the initial tensions felt between GCPD, Lieutenant Gordon and the political class in Gotham which Bruce in his civilian identity also gets caught up in. This game serves for a good opening Act of this Five Act Play.Cons:The game is quite short. As you can see from my play time, Episode 1 clocks in just under 2 hours. I felt this was a touch disappointing given the past games that TellTale has produced. There is also a minor complaint I have with the control scheme. While the QTE makes a return and I generally don't have much of a problem with that, what I don't like is the new Shift-Q and Shift-E commands. I feel this adds unnecessary keyboard complexity since the placement of the required keys is not the most comfortable to engage in on a regular basis and my off-hand is usually on the mouse. Combined with the short window for action, this makes for some tense moments a bit more annoying than they should be. Still, it's mostly a minor quibble.Overall:I'd give this episode as it stands now a weak recommend. I'm basing this mostly on TellTale's track record which, apart from Jurassic Park and the poker games, has been stellar in my eyes. Still, the short Episode 1 is a potential warning sign and, at this time, I would suggest putting this on your wishlist and revisiting the store page a few months from now when a few more episodes hit and the length can be better evaluated."
,Not Recommended,498240,24753124,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Kinshuka,"Every other Telltales game I have ever purchased has worked a charm. Smooth graphics, smooth framefrate and minimal bugs at worst. But this? This has to be their worst launch to date. And what a name to screw up on! Batman! The biggest comic franchise out there, and Telltale launch this broken mess of a game. Terrible lag. Black screens. Inaccessable parts of the screen due to wonky resolution issues. If I didn't trust Telltale to fix these issues I would ask for a refund on this game. But I do trust them. I do expect them to iron out these issues, and when they do I'll rewrite this review. But for now, I cant recommend this game.Sorry, guys! D:"
,Not Recommended,498240,32761496,Posted: 25 June,all,Talyn856,"I'll start by saying that this game very much follows the standard Telltale formula.  If you like Telltale games, you'll probably enjoy it.That said, following the standard Telltale formula makes this fail as a Batman game.  There are several reasons for this.  One is the practice of putting the main character constantly in situations that couldn't have been anticipated.  This normally works fine, but for Batman it doesn't make very much sense.  Part of what makes Batman/Bruce Wayne so formidable is his strategic mind and overall intellect.  Here, he's blindsided so frequently that it's just hard to believe this version of Batman.  On top of that, Batman's overall behavior while wearing the cowl doesn't fit the character.  He'll charge headlong into a group of three or four armed guys and beat them up with QTEs, where he should be sneaking around and taking them down one or two at a time.Also in the narrative department, Telltale have taken several creative liberties with established characters.  This is partly done to mess with people who know the Batman ethos very well, tempting them to trust characters who are well established as good people, while in this game they may be much more sinister than their comic book counterparts.  Some of this works, but I find it disloyal to the source content, and it would've been better if Telltale could've created more original characters to flesh out their plot rather than shoehorning established characters into places they don't fit.There are also a few technical issues here that detract from the experience.  I played almost a year after the release, and throughout one playthrough I experienced four or five crashes.  There's also some frame hitching here and there, and sometimes characters' lips don't move when they speak.  Finally, the entire game is played in weird letterboxed aspect ratio.  For people on 16:9 monitors, this means the entire game is letterboxed.  For people on 21:9 monitors, this means that the entire game is letterboxed AND pillarboxed, instead of just taking up more of the screen.  It's a small issue, but it's really damn annoying especially on 21:9 monitors where it seems like half your screen is black."
,Not Recommended,498240,24674704,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ginger Knight,"In its current state, it is unplayable... Buggy as hell and you cannot change the graphic settings.For the time being better off playing Tales From the Borderlands or any other Telltale Games games.This is actually the first time these guys disappoint me, though I hope that there is an update to resolve these problems.Edit as of 19:31 3/August/2016 South Korean Time :There had been an update and I can play it properly now. And Telltale Games had regained my trust.I finished the first episode as a bipolar Bruce Wayne with anger issues.The story is well written, and the retelling of the Batman story is not THAT predictable if you're a Batman fan.Though I suggest you only buy this game when episode 2 come out just to be safe.P.S. Telltale, please don't play with my emotions and trust. You know I love you.Edit as of 22:32 15/August/2016 West Indonesian Time :I've decided to play the first episode again, frame rate constantly stays in 15 fps. Keep in mind that my computer, despite being outdated, manage to play every other TTG titles in 60 fps in max settings, yes ALL OF THEM except for this one.Batman's weakness are apparently PCs. Though I believe Telltale will hopefully soon fix this problem, I mean they blew my mind with Tales From the Borderlands Wolf Among Us, and don't get me started with the Walking Deads. But for the love of Batman, guys... WB GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHEREdit as of 12:06 21/September/2016 West Indonesian Time :Episode 2 came out just recently but it all went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ I used to be able to play the game despite of the horrendous performance issues, this time I can't even get into the main menu. Just a black screen in the corner and a white background with the intro music.Dear lord, what did Batman do to you to give him such a curse with PCs?"
76561198053897879,Not Recommended,498240,26148326,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Frosty the Pyro,"I nearly died when I heard about this game, and I wanted to buy it as soon as it came out. When I bought it, I called over my roomate and all my friends and we turned off the lights, started the game, and were ready for the best thing ever. We get to the opening helicopter scene, and it is just so laggy, and then we get to the opening scene with the robbery and it is buggy beyond belief. There are these giant black lines just all over the place, and the sound and video are completly off, and it's basically unplayable. I'm praying for some kind of update that fixes this, but for the time being, I neither recommend nor say that it's a terrible game. Just needs some fixing."
,Not Recommended,498240,29433137,Posted: 22 January,all,Myrmidon,"Incredibly disappointing. I did come into this game expecting a lot, as I loved the Wolf Among Us and the Walking Dead series, but this game is just not good. Mostly it's the story, which is completely ridiculous. The writers basically throw all Batman canon out the window and just write a story with familiar character names, but completely different personalities and origins. Furthermore, the main villain is quite laughable. There are so many amazing Batman villains they could choose from, but instead turn a character I liked into a terrible, ridiculous villain.There are also some problems with choices not mattering, as many times characters talked to me like I made one choice when I actually made the opposite, but the story bothered me much more. Telltale games are meant to have meaningful choices and a competent, engrossing story, and this game had neither."
76561198063864025,Recommended,498240,24695418,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Kardia,"Great first episode. Loved it. I didn't have any issues outside of the codex glitch and a bit of stuttering during cutscenes. I Streamed it for some friends just fine.Can't wait for more, and hopefully a stability fix for the users who are having problems."
,Not Recommended,498240,25873516,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,TheMattDaddy,"I understand that my computer is a few years old, and that over time games advance. However there is no reason a cell shaded point and click adventure should be chugging along so slowly when all other Tell Tale games I've played run flawlessly. Can't recommend this game to anyone until they get these bugs worked out. I'd rather wait longer between episodes so you can fix this mess, than get slowly handed the steaming turd this game has been so far."
76561198031262604,Not Recommended,498240,25538059,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,The Bored Chairman,"Game is not optimized for Nvidia users.A shame, since I liked the other Telltale games, but an issue like this is really amateur of them."
,Recommended,498240,25072491,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Snort Cannon,"Note: Review is fully completedTelltale had it's ups and downs, but after they announced Batman I was incredibly excited by what Telltale could do to one of my favorite super heroes of all time and boy did they deliver.Story wise the game follows more on Bruce Wayne than Batman and what happens to him when the caped crusader takes control of his life. It follows on how broken both of them are in ways and it's interested seeing what happens to Bruce Wayne when Batman takes control.The first episode delivers on the thrills and exciting action you would expect from a Batman game. Also the game has some puzzle solving, where you have to put together details to solve a crime which was very fun.Graphically the game looks alright. Telltales comic book style translates well for Batman and gives it a decent look which translated both well for The Wolf Among Us and Tales from the Borderlands.Audio is strange, I had a few times where in the action scenes the sound would cut off, but overall it's pretty good.Now for a few negatives I had. The story is a bit weak, but it's still enjoyable. Hopefully the other episodes are better.Overall Batman Telltale Series is a great title and is worth it purchasing at full price.Episode 1 Rating 8.5/10Episode 2 Review:Episode 2 Picks up almost as soon as Episode 1 wraps and again fallows on Bruce Wayne more than Batman.We start to learn that Bruce's parents weren't the people we were lead to believe they were and we start digging deeper to find out the past of Bruce's parents.So as Stated at the start of the review this again follows more on Bruce than Batman and how he copes with all the things crashing down on him while people accuse of being a criminal like his parents and it's really interesting.This episode unlike the first one has even less Batman segments until the very end, which is rather disappointing since I really wanted to see a lot more of Batman kicking♥♥♥♥♥In the end I can say this telltale series is still really strong and I can't wait to play through the other episodes.Episode 2 Rating: 8.5/10Episode 3 Review:Episode 3 also begins right after Episode 2 wraps up and Batman now has to investigate what the Children of Arkham are planning for Gotham after he finds out that they stole a bunch of chemicals that could kill a lot of people.Episode 3 is so far not as good as the previous episodes as the story kinda falls flat and both Bruce Wayne and Batman don't really feel like the character, especially Bruce Wayne who acts like a different person entirely from the first two episodes.The action is again once you play as Batman, but this is the least you play as Batman which is again sad and I really think it should have a lot bigger emphasis on Batman, but Bruce Wayne again takes the reigns.Overall this episode isn't really that good, but the plot twist at the end of the episode is what saves this from being straight up bad.Episode 3 Final Rating 6/10Episode 4 Review WARNING SLIGHT SPOILERS:Episode 4 begins after Episode 3 and Bruce Wayne is placed in Arkham Asylum. With everything crashing down and Lady Arkham's plans coming together and Penguin taking over his life Bruce has to make difficult choices to save the day and any cost.Episode 4 is rather good as it finally passes the spotlight to Batman which two great scenes and this episode is rather dark in content as the drug that injected Bruce at the end of Episode 3 shows his darker side emerging.Also Episode 4 has a great, but rather small cameo from the clown prince of crime himself JOKER. He steals every scene he's in and it's absolutely great and I really want him to appear in the final episode or in Season 2 if that ever happens.In the end this penultimate episode is great and I can't wait to see how everything wraps up in the final Episode.Episode 4 Final Rating: 7/10Episode 5 Review:Episode 5 begins as soon as 4 wraps up, after the events leading up to the ending of episode 4 Gotham is turned into a war zone between factions and as Batman/Bruce Wayne you have to make tough choices to save the day.This Episode is great, but it has one massive problem, which I will talk about later.First of all the episode has great action scenes as Batman, where you kick major♥♥♥♥♥ This episode also has great segments for Bruce which up to this point I felt he was quite boring and his best segments sort of bland. This episode founds a great mixture of both of them showing everything you want to see out of both of them.Story wise it wraps up almost every loose end, but this is where my problem comes up. The ending is a big middle finger if you hoped for a satisfying conclusion and it ends in the generic telltale way where there's a cliffhanger and it's probably never gonna get resolved like Tales from the Borderlands, Minecraft and The Wolf Among Us.Episode 5 Rating 8/10So now I'll go over the entire season:Overall the season is good. The characters and story are interesting enough to warrant a couple of playthroughs.  Batman is bad♥♥♥♥♥and Bruce is interesting enough you want to see how he deals with being Batman.Is it the best telltale game ? Hell no. It's probably the best telltale game since Tales from the Borderlands. Hopefully if telltale make season 2 it won't have a cliffhanger ending.Final Season 1 Rating: 8/10Pros:+ Batman and Bruce Wayne are both fantastic characters+ Story is insanely intriguing+ Graphically looks great+ JokerCons:- The ending of Episode 5 is terrible- Pace issues through the entire season- A lot of visual bugs"
76561198044470896,Not Recommended,498240,26231379,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,diddenc,The story is great but I would wait to buy it until the performance issues are fixed. The game stutters and freezes and then shuts down for no reason.
76561198132691037,Not Recommended,498240,26227021,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Zwartehond65,"At the time of this review, I cannot recommend buying this game due to Terrible performance*Massive Framerate Drop*Inconsistent Framerate*Does not work at resolutions above nativeAs an aside, the save system is abysmal."
,Recommended,498240,33947718,Posted: 1 August,all,F4rseeR,"By now, Batman is a well known character who's had probably the largest exposure among comic book characters. Across the years there have been many interpretations of the character, some focusing on the hero, others on the darker aspects of his personallity and most of them on his growth. They've all been done to death. How does Telltale's Batman fare? Do you need to know his character to enjoy this game? Is this a cashgrab or is there some worth to it, something that make the game shine ? Telltale's catalogue is formed of both kinds. Batman season 1 is an interesting one. It starts as the former and ends as the latter. Before I go on with the narrative and technical details, I'll get something out of the way: If you intend to play it on a low-tier device, better stay away! The engine of the game served as a prototype and therefore not many things could be fixed. To this day, the framerate can drop to the half of your display, there's some stuttering in few moments on high-end machines, but it's much worse on lower-ends. With that out, here's the actual review:The story covers Bruce Wayne losing everything, the value of his family name, his company and possibly his home, while Batman is in a struggle to gain the trust of the police and the public, while trying to stop terrorists from breaking hell in Gotham. Contraty to expectations, Batman is not on top of the situation, but he is capable of getting there. The theme of this season is how vulnerable both personas really are, as one can lose everything he has and is and the other can be reduced to a fighter in a rubber suits with a pointy cowl. Should you prefer it, a romance with a master thief can be pursued, which is captivating and well fleshed out(according to Telltale analytics, around 90%did).Episode 1 has one clear goal: make way for the story in a spectacular presentation. Its problem is that it doesn't take much to realize how much of a cheap illusion that is. It might be because the first episode doesn't feature anything new: Bruce Wayne is the playboy, Batman is fighting on rooftops, with the police man wondering if they should shoot the vigilante along with the criminal. The main villain of the episode is Carmine Falcone, with the potential of Oswald Copplebot, known as Penguin, who in this interpretation is a perfectly good standing(not short and deformed) anarchistic bloke, who's family glory is a thing of the past. Nothing new really happens, even when the Wayne image is targeted. However, the part where you can see the potential is when you find out that a certain factor is real, a dead plot-twist that leaves a Bruce Wayne throwing his bat-helmet awayand screaming at the one who raised him ""What didn't you tell me, ALFRED!!!""It happens to be the longest episode, and the most banal. It manages to show the dull parts of the series, especially when it's regarding gameplay mechanics, which on paper are great, but in the first episodes they can feel quite dragging and pointless.From the second episode onward, it's a different story entirely. While the episodes are shorter(aproximately 1 hour and 15 minutes) they are more varied, as you can choose in certain cases whether Bruce Wayne or Batman should make a move, choice which prompts different reactions from other character later on. Compared to other Telltale games, their Batman game actually has choices matter more than the-on-moment response, as you can influence the state of several characters throughout the season, e.g.(spoiler)You can save Harvey Dent from being Two Face, reducing his secretely kept psychological problems to a minimumor a non-spoiler but kept vaguely, a grand choice of how episode 4 will end would change various details in the fitfh episode, as the based on choice opening act, minor details throught the middle and what Batsuit you'll have to go in the final fight(which changes the last fight's animations) Also from the second episode, there's an original villain which looks capable enough of being a threat to the entire city and in some direct confrontations seems to be Batman's better match.When it comes to gameplay elements, there will be nothing to put pressure on you. The QTE's can't be failed and are easy to go through anyway. If anything, the slow motions come with the deep bass sound, the kind that is not to everyone's liking. When it comes to detective work, aside from the usual Telltale ''explore and interact'' there's a connect-the-dots mechanic, which in some situations seem stupid since it's obvious what happened, but at least they ensure that anyone can understand the plot.Technical issues still exist. While most of it was a smooth experience, there was one batmobile section which stuttered out of the blue and reloading the scene only delayed the stuttering by a few seconds. Frame rate drops happen due to the forced V-sync, which will limit your fps count to your display's refresrate. People with over 120Hz won't know get to drops lower than 60, but since most people have 60Hz displays, they're bound to see 30fps drops. Most scenes affected by this issue happen in the Batcave, when there's no action so it might not be so bothering for those with sensitive eyes. From a graphical point, the visuals don't seem to benefit from higher resolutions, aside from the fact that lower(than the display) resolutions will look like a good example for ""mud quality"". With these issues in mind, I don't believe this game will age gracefully, as opposed to ""The Wolf Among Us"".With a weak start, a fresh middle and strong finish, character reinterpretations which might not bode well with some fans, TellTale's Batman is a bold positve recommendation or a safe negative one. While you don't have to be a gamer to play through you'll still need a gamer's setup for your walkthrogh to be smooth. Should you finish it, chances are you'll have enjoyed the story enough to replay and see the differences, being slightly(or more) put off by the fact you'll have to go through the gameplay mechanics. Seeing everything through won't take you longer than 20 hours. While it wouldn't be a regrettable purchase, it won't bother you to watch it on YouTube.The choice is yours !"
,Recommended,498240,33108327,Posted: 1 July,all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"8.5/10 - A Great Batman Game, Not One of TellTales Best.You play as Bruce Wayne, playboy billionaire and Batman! The story picks up at the the Harvey Dent fundraiser for Mayor. Can you help Batman clean up the city of Gotham or will you fall victim to Falconie, Penguin, Joker and more?I have mixed feeling about this one; I mean it's Batman and TellTale so of course you are going to enjoy it but it really fell short of my expectations. First, there were a few discrepancies that I noticed from this game to the movies and TV series that just seemed like an oversight or a rush-job.Furthermore, this was 10-11 hours at best which is about the second shortest game behind 'A Wolf Among Us"", but that was a really rich and amazing story. It does feel like this game was spit out of the cookie cutter press much more than the other games.Next, I purchased this game when it came out and the optimization, bugs and overall polish of the game needed attention. This is pretty rare for a TellTale game! The optimization has been fixed and things have been cleaned up however this is easily one of the worst optimized games of their lot.Overall, definitely worth playing and buying at the right price. If you haven't played any TellTale I would try another title first to get a great impression. At only 10 hours play accordingly; full price is too much for me on this one.Accidently ReviewedHundreds of Reviews, Thousands of Members and FREE games for you! No Strings attached. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!  [Comeback Tour 2017 - 10]Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
76561198000861562,Recommended,498240,31263470,Posted: 20 April,all,Z0mBi3,"As an experienced player of Telltale games I jumped into this title not expecting too much. Telltale have made very similar games for a few years now and they keep the concept going mostly steady. After a few letdowns with some previous titles I didn't really set my bar high for this game. However, im glad to say I was very impressed by this game and the improvement Telltale has made to this title.This game features a good set of hard choices to make, however it's hard to say how much inpact it will have for the future, but they are really tricky and you have to stop and think for many of them. The choices (without spoiling) were most of the time pretty equal in procent between players choosing A or B, meaning that more people then me found that there was a lot of hard picks to make.I learned a lot about the villains from another perspective in this game, like catwoman, two-face and joker before they got their role. You get the chance to try and change who they become and which you wanna help or try and become friend with. It's a very interesting perspective, especially since the other batman games only follows a set line where the villains are bad guys, while this game let you make more decisions and learn to know them better. This give you as the player more feelings for them and it's an effective way of doing story-telling.This is a game focused on Bruce Wayne, his family legacy and a lot of things I didn't know came up. I have played all the other batman games and watched the movies, however I haven't read the comics so I still have missed a lot. Therefore it's hard for me to compare the two and whats completely new and what is taken from the comics. But this game added a lot more for me even as someone who have played previous games, as it doesn't focus as much on the joker and more about the events before the other games.A new villain is also included in this game, which is refreshing since Joker made many appearances in the other batman games. I won't spoil who this new villain is, but let me just say its very interesting and the story takes many turns in directions I didn't see coming.Telltale is extremely good at making you like characters to later be screwed over by them or killed. This is something they have done in previous games as well and you can roleplay as more of a good guy, evil and mean, or try and be neutral. I haven't seen Telltale make the decisions, choices and characters feel this impactful since The Walking Dead, which is a very good thing, for those of you who haven't played that title. It's very exciting and more interesting to play the Telltale's Tales From The Borderlands for example, in my opinion.The QTE's have been improved I would say. I feel like there's less fighting in this game then the others and more focus on dialogue, but there's still a decent amount of it, so stay away if you hate QTE (quick time events - basically pushing buttons in a said order). They made it better and somehow makes it feel impactful in the fights, but of course the story is the strong point of this title.Batman is known for solving crimes and searching for clues on crime scenes. Well like the other batman games you have some of that in this game as well. It's pretty simple but fun anyway and it's a welcome change in gameplay from just QTE's.You can play the game with keyboard + mouse or with a controller. I played most of the game with an xbox controller since it's mostly a game you can kick back and watch, like an interactive movie where you press buttons once in a while. But whatever you choose to play with works. The game runs at 60 fps locked and I think they have improved upon the PC-port, options menu and graphics since previous games. The style is the same but some better textures for example. They also give you some more choice this time around, for example you can pick the colour of your gear which will be unique for your playthrough.The episodes are between 1-2 hours each, the first one is always a bit longer. Five episodes in total so you are looking at about 6-10 hours, depends on how fast you figure out the clues and how much you look around. I can't say I have any complaints about this game, I'm actually very impressed! I would put this among my top Telltale games actually and give it a big recommendation to fans of point 'n' click, Telltale games in general or fans of Batman and superheroes. Love it!"
,Not Recommended,498240,25354065,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,brenttennant8,Still broken only after a month in. Doesn't want to make it past a white screen and intro music
76561198048852514,Not Recommended,498240,25516882,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,coldragonfire,I can't play the game because of bugs.-An invisible box locks your mouse to the top left corner at higer resolutions than 720P.-The graphics look pixelated at any resolution and looks bad.It's a shame because I am a huge Telltales and Batman fan. I really had my hopes up for this game but after quite some time they haven't fixed the game. I am very disappointed.
76561198057979702,Recommended,498240,25609499,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Insmylum,"For everyone that has had issues with a black and white screen on startup!  This is to help you!Instructions:Find the game in your library, right click, and go to properties.  Browse the local files and find the windows 7 or windos 8 icon for the game in those files.  Whichever one you use, right click it and go to properties.  Move to the compatibility tab, and check the 'disable display scaling on dpi' and apply the settings.  This should allow you to play the game.It worked for me, just figured I would share the knowledge before you spend hours trying to screw with your settings to fix this stupid issue.  Cheers mates!"
,Not Recommended,498240,28709077,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Pantheon,"Telltale's formula has worn thin. And this was the straw that broke the camel's back. Each scene is sewn together clunkily, with dialogue and gameplay to induce multiple eyerolls per session. Your choices don't matter, the voice acting is poorly cast, the characters poorly concepted.And that's not to even mention the ""new"" graphics engine.. new? It still looks like crud. The animation jerky as Southern beef. Stilted as English cheese. And then they have the audacity to put ""cinematic"" black bars on widescreen ratios?No thanks Telltale. You just unhyped me for The Walking Dead Season 3, something I never thought I'd say.Many will disagree with this review, but as an avid Batman fan and once Telltale fan, this is a disappointment as bitter as making Penguin a millenial with a poorly voiced faux-British accent.1/5."
76561198039813688,Not Recommended,498240,25566214,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,heminik,"This is the second game I have ever returned in my entire life for a refund.  I enjoy TellTale Games other works - Tales from the Boarderlands and The Wolf Among Us are some of my favourite works of fiction.  I love the Batman: Arkham series (until Arkham Knight, which is the first game I ever returned for a refund) so you can see where this is going.I played through the first episode, and it was horrifyingly bad in two completely different ways.  First was the technical faults.  Mouse lag, graphical stuttering, frame tearing the works.   I'll be the first to admit my nVidia 760 isn't the greatest graphics card ever created, but it handles all the other TTG games at max graphics.  Even set to its lowest settings, the lag made QTEs difficult, the mouse lag made aiming sections (and sometimes dialogue selection) nearly impossible, and the jitteriness gave me severe eye strain.Yes, I did try what was posted in the forums to try and fix it, but no dice.Secondly, the story is just BAD.  Generally speaking, the first episode of most TTGs is the worst of the series, but without getting into spoilers, the set up for the story is just a mess.  Utterly predictible, occasionally tedious, and disingenuous - it promises to reveal Bruce Wayne's psychological turmoil within by falling back on everything you have seen before.  The only way the story would have provided a new angle on Batman is if you have never ever seen a Batman story before.  There seems to be exactly one reasonably meaningful ""choice"" in the entire plot.I could have forgiven the technical issues if the story was grand.  I could have forgiven the story if the game was stunning and innovative.  Having both issues is just crude.HAHAHA / 10 - you'd have to be as nuts as the Joker to enjoy this game!"
,Recommended,498240,32843264,Posted: 26 June,all,Aesthetics,"7.5/10The game's story is not anything special but if you're a Batman fan, you will enjoy it. As from an average consumer, it's a neat telltale game but not the best !"
,Recommended,498240,26253102,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,OrcMando,"No lag issues for me, although that's not to discount reports of it. Solid Telltale story. Keeps me on the edge of my seat. Another swing, another hit."
,Recommended,498240,24674574,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,-Pato-,"Seems to be buggy for many players, fortunately not for me.This looks to be my fourth favorite batman game with all the arkham games in front of it (all the other batman games are not that good so the top 4 are the only good batman games ATM).The city of gotham feels exactly like it did in the arkham games as well which i love. Batman is the detective and Bruce Wayne the politician and so far i have loved both perspectives! it really is sad that its buggy for so many people because it is actually a good game with the great gotham city vibe to it. 8/10edit: i completely forgot about Arkham origins! well in that case there are only 5 good batman games so far then."
,Not Recommended,498240,26227937,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,SomersaultGuy,Story is great. It's Batman. It's Telltale. You know it is gonna be good. If only you could play it. It runs like utter toss. Just wait and hope that Telltale fixes it instead of making three or more games at once.For what it's worth I wanna give it a positive review but I'm not. Im fed up with crap PC ports. When they fix it then my review will change.
,Not Recommended,498240,33779893,Posted: 24 July,all,Former Child,"Not a horrible game, but it's mediocre at best.Lets keep this short and sweet.Poor performance and occasional face glitches (face animations, lip sync, heads, etc).The story itself is nothing exciting and the most important choices simply give you the illusion of choice. The story plays out mostly how it was planned to leaving very little of the important story up to the players decision. Voice acting is fine and QTEs are fun to an extent.Overall, 6/10. Worth a shot if its on sale, but otherwise look elsewhere for a good story."
76561198036640390,Not Recommended,498240,24673628,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,MuskySlyStoat,"Buggy! Great start guys, have'nt even started the game yet and resolution is an issue, try to set to any res higher than 720p, your mouse gets held ransom in an invisible box at the top left of the screen."
76561198104350095,Recommended,498240,28674541,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ian Porky Matthews,Bought this Christmas Day and didn't stop playing till i finished all 5 episodes. The story is excellent kept me gripped.ProsExcellent story - with plenty of twistsExcellent voice actingArtwork and cinematography is fantasticConsEpisodes 3 had stuttering issues.Episodes 1 story focus on in game politics can feel like going nowhereOverall - Fantastic Game 4 out of 5
76561198143325539,Not Recommended,498240,25541416,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,TOGS,"the optimization for this game is a pack of balls..... i have played most telltale games and this one runs like a turtle with a steel shell, fix this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,498240,25370399,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Darknuke,Can't get passed the first fight scene because it won't register the A + RT combo. Guess they are cutting back on QA...
76561198255592173,Recommended,498240,34554700,Posted: 28 August,all,lanhongjianlr,"Do you wear the mask to hide, or to become the man you truly are?Though I regard myself as an AVG fan, this is the first modern telltale game Ive ever played. I have totally no idea what this genre has evolved into in the last decade. To get myself started, I picked this one despite its rather mediocre reputation, because I don't wanna have a very high expectation of a critical-acclaimed game like Life is Strange or Wolf among Us and then only to feel disappointed after playing it. Though far from perfection, the game really impressed me.Character 9/10: Character building has always been what distinguishes Telltale Games and Lucas Arts productions from other AVG games on the market. They do extremely well in this game, especially the villains. The Lady Arkham, Penguin, and Harvey/Two-face really impressed me. But my favorite goes to a ""side role"" — the Joker. Though he only appears in two scenes, that combination of extreme calmness and insanity portraits the character right out of comics. This is the Joker we seldom see but it is really convincing.Story 8/10: No spoiler man, rest assured. I grab this game partly because Ive always been a batman fan. After finishing the game, I tried to recall the main plot, only to find the scene having the deepest impression on me isthe romance with Catwoman. The story is rather cliched in my opinion. Of course there are turning points, but nothing much that can really give you a surprise. Compared to the adventures of batman in movies and comics, this one in the game a little bit lackluster. But taking into consideration this is rather a pre-sequel to the seasons to come, it is acceptable.Graphics 7/10: Just the common TTG style. I have no objection to it but I don't think it appeals to everyone.Art 7/10: The Catwoman and Joker are superb. Bruce, Al, and Harvey are good. Others are meh. Just personal opinion.Audio performance 10/10: Brilliant. Cinematic performance.Gameplay 4/10: You don't buy this game to ""play"" it right? What adds to the poor gameplay is the fact many choices you make in the game don’t actually have much influence.Optimization 2/10: This is where I hate most about the game. Run on low graphic quality with Nvidia 980m and the graphic card is often overloaded. Too many lags and glitches during the game.Catwoman 12/10For me this game is all about the question on the first line of this review. Who do we really wanna be beneath the mask, Bruce or Batman? The game lets you choose to attend occasions as Bruce or Batman many times, which underscores the topic. Borne with wealth, fame, and his parents death, shall Bruce take on the family's legacy, good and evil, or shake off the burdens of the past and just be the vigilante in the darkness? In former Batman works we take this for granted but this game let us experience the price Bruce has paid to become who he is.Overall 7.5/10 Must-buy for Batman fans,  especially if you wanna try the second season(looks much better). For other better grab this on discount. The playthrough takes around 10 hrs, a little bit short for the full price."
76561198051690131,Not Recommended,498240,25630673,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,temporarymadness,I played through all the bugs of episode 1 thinking things would be fixed in time for the second episode.I was rewarded instead with a new bug that deleted all my save progress.Super cool. So fun.
,Recommended,498240,25938173,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,PEENOOTZ,"so far. YISSSSSSSlemme be clear, this is telltale, its bound to have their trademark ""not so important decisions""but the game itself is great. It fits the comic book style, great visuals and the story is very much intriguing and does draw you in.rating:EP1: 4/5EP2: 5/5EP3: 4/5EP4: 4/5EP5: -/5(will update my review and ratings when episodes release)(full review will be redone when all episodes are out to avoid spoilers)"
,Recommended,498240,24676945,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Avarus,"I have had zero issues with this game. I can understand peoples frustration for those getting poor performance(or worse).That being said, I must also point out that I am an extremly huge fan of Batman. I have been my entire life. So my review is a bit biased.I found this next take on the world and character to be off to a good start.Being able to see the perspective of the character from the two views, his two lifes, is not something we often get to see of the character. The story had it all. Beating up criminals as Batman, navigating the life of a wealthy socialite, some detective work, and life or death choices.If you love Batman, play it.If you don't love Batman, play it, maybe you'll adopt better taste in hereos."
,Recommended,498240,30766397,Posted: 26 March,all,Junebug,"Paragon/Renegade BatmanThis is an origin story of sorts and I'd recommend it to anyone who loves Telltale and/or if they're interested in Bruce's story, newbies and veterans alike. It has a lot of noir fiction elements that everybody loves about the Batman series. The narrative is well-paced; it goes from calm one moment to suspenseful action the next—something Telltale always does well. The game introduces a beefy roster of villains whose stories mesh together nicely. I love the choices you get for the kind of Batman/Bruce Wayne characterization you want. If you'd prefer to have a more compassionate Bruce-Bat, the options do not disappoint and remind me of what Gotham's (the show) Bruce Wayne might be like as an adult. However, if you'd prefer a more violent approach, the dialogue and actions are canon to writers who opted for a more ruthless Batman. Regardless of what you choose, Telltale did a great job illustrating the way Bat-Bruce wrestles with how he wants to be portrayed by his beloved city and who he's becoming. They coupled this well with the amount of twists and some subtle imagery/symbolism (others, not so subtle). Another thing I really appreciated was the large role Lucius Fox played in the game. I wanted him to show up more because he's just as important to Bruce as Alfred is. There is no Batman without Fox. So I kind of wish that relationship was shown a bit more outside of their work relationship.The voice acting is some of the best I'd heard in a while. Telltale hired performers whose voices are immediately distinguishable upon hearing them. I also enjoyed the linking mechanic added for Bruce's detective work. It gave more varied combat options rather than just throwing the player right into  the thick of things. I appreciate that Telltale is trying new things to try to improve upon their storytelling. It does need to be fixed a bit. For instance, I'd hover over a link, click, and it would disappear; a very minor inconvenience. One last mechanic that I appreciate is no more Q and E-mashing! The combat has improved so much! The quick-time events actually made me feel a sense of urgency and I appreciate not having to abuse the crap out of my Q and E keys.Onto the issues. I'd get random FPS lag, especially in the last chapter of the last episode. There were a few times when it would lag so badly that the subtitles would show dialogue but no audio. Other audio glitches include a character talking and stopping mid-sentence or there would be audio coming out the left side of my headset but nothing out the right. There were a few times when the visual glitches were hilarious. Other times, I didn't find it so fun. Every time there was a computer monitor or a television screen that was supposed to be playing footage of something going on, it would be blank or display something that's not supposed to be there. I don't know about you but seeing Bruce analyzing an ""Elect Harvey Dent"" poster so meticulously as he talks about saving an innocent civilian isn't exactly immersive gameplay. Lastly, I don't understand the decision to remove important Telltale features like chapter rewinding. Hopefully it just slipped their mind because it's so important to be able to undo decisions made by misclicks.Overall, I hope we get to see more of the caped crusader in Telltale's roster of future projects. The final ending certainly left a perfect beginning to a new installment which I will sit and wait in anticipation for. Make it happen, Telltale/DC!9/10"
,Not Recommended,498240,34126526,Posted: 9 August,all,Desinovita,"I really wanted to enjoy this game but I can't due to the technical issues that seem to plague this game.It runs like garbage even on my rig (i7 4790k, r9 390x) suttering constantly, and the screen completely bugged out and went completely black repeatedly early on in episode 1 and I was unable to fix it, leaving me with an audiobook."
76561197965047635,Recommended,498240,29570665,Posted: 29 January,all,Twitch,"People like to complain that the choices you make in Telltale's games, generally, do not really make a difference. They do, and they don't. The ""big picture"" stuff really does not change. The ""little picture"" such as, opinions, remarks, ect have varying degrees of change. In Batman it is no different. The story plays out the same way with varying degrees of change. As an example, in MY playthrough -Harvey Dent never became the physical embodiment of Two-Face. I chose to rescue him in episode 2.In the end, Telltale's games have always been about telling a story. When I buy one, I want a good story. I enjoy being taken for a ride and making choices that have some effects on the minor things and the reactions of those around me.Telltale does Batman well. The story is great. The voice actors performed their characters exceptionally well. This is a solid Telltale game. I am hoping for a season 2."
76561198006277669,Recommended,498240,26631442,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Vulkster,"""What have you been hiding from me, Alfred? ALFRED!!!""The moment I witnessed this chilling scene in the game, I knew it would be different from the normal Batman games.Technically, it IS a different game; whereas Rocksteady goes for the classic Batman, Telltale has chosen to give us an even grittier story.At the start of this game, we witness Batman taking down a gang of mercenaries and his first meeting with Catwoman. As we're used from Telltale games, the fights are QTE-based and I admit, they are interesting. However, the control scheme is a bit confusing and you will fail one or two QTE's, but that doesn't matter. Because, in the end, if you've build up enough ""QTE-power"", you'll be rewarded with a finishing move.The dialogue in the game is top-notch, with Troy Baker voicing Bruce Wayne & Batman(he also voiced The Joker in Arkham Origins). It's a shame we don't have the glorious Kevin Conroy voicing Batman, but it doesn't matter; Baker pulls off a good job and displays a different Batman / Bruce Wayne than we're used to see.As to the story, Telltale has chosen an interesting plot - Early in the game, Bruce Wayne funds Harvey Dent's campaign to be the new Mayor of Gotham, who has promised to sweep the streets clean of crime. But after episode 1, we learn that even the Waynes aren't the ""knights in shining armor"" as they were always thought to be. Bruce starts to learn a few dark secrets about his family's legacy, which impact his daily life as well as his Batman adventures.The game might appear a bit laggy, but that's ok; overall, it's smooth and the great story, the great voice-acting and the QTE - fights make up for this. What's even more interesting is that you get the option to choose whether to handle certain events as Bruce Wayne or as Batman (as per Episode 2; Episode 1 is more of an introduction and it forces you mostly between Bruce Wayne and Batman - sections)All in all, it's worth a buy. Full price? Maybe not, as only three episodes have been released. But, as with other Telltale Games, it's definitely worth the wait until the last 2 episodes have been released!"
,Recommended,498240,33353117,Posted: 7 July,all,⚯ Til mit der Brill' 🐧,"Okay, so we all know that Telltale can tell great stories and as time passed after the sucess of their take on ""The Walking Dead"", they got their hands on sucessfully on other franchises aswell, Like The Wolf Among Us and Borderlands (be sure to play that one!).But is Telltale talented enough to tell a copelling ""Batman"" story aswell, that still feels innovative although there were already sooo many storeis in the comics, movies and games (reminds me to replay all the Arkham games...)?The short answer is: Yes! Now you ask me: ""Why?"" ...seems my fingers get some sports this evening...Okay, I really went into this game with the feeling that telltale might get a bit cocky throwing out so many games in a little time span... although most of them have been really impressive (like I said in the first part), I really feared that they might fail at some point... but they did not... the complete opposite was the case: They brought some fresh air into the characters that some of us already know for centuries (not me, I am still too fresh).Sooo, let's get to the audio-visual part first, before I talk about the story!The Telltale artstyle really fits Batman and Gotham really looks authentic... thanks to the (long overdue) upgrade of Telltales inhouse engine... Here and there are little bugs, but nothing gamebreaking or longlasting! The voice actors fit as well and are authentic, like you would expect and from a musical perspective I really liked the theme that reoccured a few times through the five Episodes.It starts with their design, already in the first episode you see that Telltale got their own take on them, they introduce everyone  dramaturgicaly well and show the braveness to ignore the old stories of them that we already heard like 23821 times in all the other movies, games etc. As a consequence the story really keeps the player interested... Each eveining I finished an Episode and went to bed wanting to know what happens next... and remember... i went into this game not expecting too much. None of the Episodes felt like a filler... each one had a great pace, some really hard to make decisions... moments where I thought untill the little timer nearly exceeded before pressing the button to open Mr Waynes mouth!All in all I can really just recommend playing this game... it doesn't matter if you are a Batman- or Telltalefan, or just like well told stories!...No one can say no to being the Batman at least once in a lifetime!"
,Recommended,498240,24676121,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Stevey The Ex-Eevee,"Will be updating this as this Season goes onEPISODE ONE:Okay.. wow. What a killer start to the series. It has that good ol' Batman...feel to it. Alongside a kickass new graphics engine and style! You really feel the impact of your choices tighten around your neck as the episode draws to its conclusion.. and they have to. You have to juggle both the life of Bruce and Batman here while keeping his identity and reputation safe. The QTEs are vastly improved. Cutscenes and animations feel smooth and despite a codex glitch at the first batcave section. This was relitively smooth sailing. Playing Bruce Wayne as an ""idiot"" playboy is fun while unleashing his true self as BATMAN  is so relieving...The puzzles have been improved too. requiring more brainwork than just pressing the A button on a generator...All in all.. an excellent start to the series and starting to be up there with the greats like Tales From The Borderlands 8/10EPISODE TWO:A much shorter episode compared to the first, the reason for this I don't know. Maybe they were rushing for a release. The second episode for telltale games usually arent the strongest in the series however, so this should come to no surprise.This episode prizes itself on ""story fluff"". Its clear it serves to simply build up future episodes in the season, and thats okay, completely.QTEs and Puzzles (which there are none) are weaker this episode, but it has another ""link such and such to whatever"" for planning an attack and it has the first choice that was mentioned in the description where you can choose to such as Bruce or Batman, leading to two alternate scenes.The episode however prides itself on a STRONG start that Batman fans will love, and a STRONG finish, the middle parts just let it down as mentioned, it serves to build things up.There is a awesome fight with Catwoman however ;)A good episode, but could of been better.6/10EPISODE THREE:Quite a meaty chunk of content, it surprised me cause when i thought the episode was going to end it kept going, adding more and more onto it, it reminded me of the greatness of the first episode, although some parts felt a bit rushed, it had a nice blend of QTEs and dialouge and storybuilding. Decent episode, i think it averaged around two hours!7/10"
76561198068982092,Not Recommended,498240,32662056,Posted: 22 June,all,Sgt. Buttersworth [E-308],"The story was great up to the 4rth episode. Then it all went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ There is so much going on and none of it matter because in episode 5 you'll just fix it all. They could have thrown anything at you in E4 and it wouldn't matter at all because you know it's just gonna be fixed in E5. And the ""boss fight"" is just way too long and repetitive.That being said, the begining is excellent! The first action scenes are thrilling, the story in amazing and the characters (Bruce, Selina and Harvey) are on point. It's just sad that the story becomes so crazy and tedious."
76561198066943605,Not Recommended,498240,24755085,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Extra Crispy,"I went in expecting a lot honestly. Maybe my expectations were too high. I'm not saying that the game's bad in its story; as a matter of fact it is quite engaging:Pros1. Being Bruce Wayne; almost all batman related games focus solely on being batman and it's understandable but I must admit that getting the chance to finally play as Bruce Wayne and see the world he sees is truly a refreshing experience.2. Being a detective: The Arkham series did a good job with the detective mode where you could analyze evidence to form conclusions and it's good to see it expanded here with a less futuristic detective vision which requires you to get your hands dirty on the crime scene to piece things together. The fact that you can also make mistakes and draw wrong conclusions makes it all the better.3. Politics: Being batman isn't just about putting on the suit and beating the crap out of bad guys; it's about being Bruce Wayne as well and knowing what it means to be the richest most powerful man in Gotham and the choices that you are presented with are almost...adrenaline pumping. You can choose to be the most righteous incorruptable hero you always envisioned batman to be or to play it close to the chest and know how to make use of your chess pieces carefully when dealing with people.Unfortunately, coupled with these were problems that were simply too glaring to leave out:1. Performance: First I had to tweak with the game for about an hour before I finally managed to get it to start up, not to mention that despite my 2GB 750 GTX NVIDIA video card and 8 GBs of RAM the game still significantly lagged even though there really isn't much action going on, which brings me to the second point.2. The action: I understand what it means to play a Telltale game; there is less focus on the action and more on the story and by god they delivered on the story. But when you're talking about Batman, all fights being QTEs just doesn't feel right.3. The length: With the game being just a bit over 10 bucks I didn't expect it to be awfully long but when you can finish a narrative game like this in just over an hour it leaves you wanting (especially when you realize you spent almost just as long trying to make the game to work). I've bought games for less than a buck that were longer than this. To its credit though, the game does have a lot of branching paths so at least the short story is replayable.4. Crashing finale: When the preview for the next episode ends up freezing your hardware, it's simply a turn off...Final thoughts: I would recommend this game on a sale but not at its full price and I really hope they patch the crash and start up issues soon."
76561198027679606,Not Recommended,498240,24673845,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dr. Butthole,"Even after taking 15 minutes to figure out how to make the game 1080p and fullscreen, I couldnt start the game, as my mouse was stuck in a box in the upper left of the screen, making it impossible to hit the continue button on the brightness slider. I wouldnt recommend this, at least until they patch the bugs, and from what I am reading, theres a lot more than what Im experiencing."
76561198069723536,Not Recommended,498240,24764912,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,BigStackz,It's broken. Tried disabling cloud sync. Black screen and cursor only. $27.99 for a game you can't play.
,Recommended,498240,33755082,Posted: 23 July,all,CorvusCorax,"What is a Telltale game?Telltale specialises in adventure video games. These are generally easy to complete and by doing a walkthrough we usually acquire all achievements possible. The emphasis is on story immersion: there are lots of cutscenes and during dialogues the option we pick can have consequences in the story later on. QTEs (quick times events) are common but not very difficult. Our inventory (if there's any) is always kept to a minimum during the game. The games' graphics are acceptable but they are nowhere near those of the AAA games out there.Batman - The Telltale SeriesIt is nice to see how the company goes from one franchise to another. Their take on Batman is perhaps the most ambitious ever as it is a very unique take on the franchise we all know. Since it is easy to spoil the story here I am only going to say the creators picked the early days of Batman to serve as the basis of the story. Gordon is not yet commissioner, Harvey Dent is running for mayor and Batman is seen more of a caped villain than a hero. Remembering how Thomas and Martha Wayne died plays the most important part here.Decisions and R rated violenceSince some of the previous games included a lot of gore and violence we can expect the same here. As Batman beats up the enemy henchmen there is a lot of blood during the fisticuffs. And here comes an interesting part of the game: we can decide to severely beat up some thugs or even torture our enemy during an interrogation scene. You may like Alfred, Batman's ever loyal butler but you can harshly respond to him and even reprimand him for his opinion. It is an interesting concept since we can become some sort of bad Batman here. In certain parts of the game we can decide either to visit someone disguised as Batman or turn up as Bruce Wayne - picking the bat always makes it easier to intimidate. We also need to decide who to save in key moments - here both people will be saved but picking somebody first can be crucial.The novelty stuffThere is always something new in a Telltale game as much as these games are pretty much identical in terms of gameplay. In Batman we often do crime scene investigations. We find evidence and we have to connect the relevant items to one another. I also like how the tech Batman uses can help us plan, in advance, how to take down thugs in an area. We regularly visit our Bat computer to be able to check on the news of Gotham, read the codex (that includes info on the NPCs of the game) and complete some easy puzzles so that the story can advance.Optimisation and extrasThe graphics, as usual, are rather simple but they serve their purpose. It was strange for me to see the game stutter and have glitches for the very same reason. I can see they always have some new upcoming games so the guys must be working hard on a new project but regardless of the time constraints you have you need to make sure proper optimisation is done before the release.There are some videos under the extras menu where Kinda Funny founder Greg Miller talks with the creators as well as the voice actors of the game. This is pretty informative and interesting, something I hope will be included in future games, too. Alternatively, they could include some making-of recordings; I'd be happy to see such videos.VerdictBatman is a high-quality adventure game and perhaps Telltale's best to date. It is an excellent - and very ambitious - take on the DC comic we all know. It has a great story, a surprisingly exciting villain and all the production values (voice acting, music) are well placed. I hope the optimisation will not be an issue in the future and that they will keep focusing on the very thing they do well: storytelling."
,Not Recommended,498240,24753074,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,lart,"Technically broken at this point as it looks for Windows 10 AU users.You cannot progress past the intro if you don't disable cloud sync, delete certain files and do some unintuitive startup.Did work once, didn't work another time, don't know if it will work a third time as I made a refund request.I was really looking forward to play this game but spending my time and money on ""fixing"" it, no way."
76561198140149252,Not Recommended,498240,25934165,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Endervslender,"Had to lower the settings on the graphics and it is still laggy, could hardly play the game without one second of lag."
,Recommended,498240,24699335,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Terrific,"This game is wonderful. Atmosphere and story are great, dialogue choices always felt very in-line with the character's different possible motivations... Setting up an awesome Batman mystery and story.Gameplay mechanics are nothing to write home about, but are good enough not to detract from the game. Button prompts during actions sequences I'm going to stay neutral on, but the investigation and engagement planning modes both showed a lot of promise, adding even more to the game.Played through the game on high graphics to the end without stutter, crashes, or issues at all. My machine is not all powerful either, it is fairly mediocre. I get the feeling, as is usually the case, that the performance complaints are just a little overblown, like they were with Arkham Knight. I don't mean to dismiss them, it is perfectly natural to be angry when a game you just purchased won't let you play how you'd like to.I just mean to say that even if I had encountered a few bugs, I would still recommend this game. Especially if you are a Batman fan. Lower the graphics if you must just to get through the story, it is telltale after all, I doubt it would detract from the experience too much.Already planning at least a second playthrough of the first episode. Really hope that the game gets fixed for everyone it's broken for, and that if you do buy it, you can enjoy it as I have: without issue."
76561198077089639,Not Recommended,498240,25631312,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,IBTyrant,I was loving the game despite the few random bugs until half way through episode 2 when the game glitched out and took away all my saved files.  I was really looking forward to finishing the episode tonight as well. Going to be hard to recommend the game to someone else or pick it up again.
,Recommended,498240,34277588,Posted: 16 August,all,Nudiustertian,"Batman - The Telltale Series is Batman, as a Telltale series. No false advertising here. Telltale means you'll get an adventure with choices in dialogue and action, mixed with some sequences of quick time events. There's no inventory, and there are a few ""puzzles"" that aren't worthy of the name and just there to add flavor (gotta keep those detective skills up). If you have experience playing any of the Arkham games, it's a bit like the detective sequences in those, only even simpler. Expect no great intellectual challenges here, just a laid back story experience where you get to make a choice every now and then.If you have experience with Telltale games, you'll know by now that the games are much better at presenting the illusion of choice rather than actual choice, and this one is no different. In fact, there's only one major branch in the story (in the sense that events are substantially different), but it's a branch of the form ""does X happen before Y, or Y before X"", so they quickly meet up again. Every other choice you make at best has aslighteffect on how the main events unfold, but those main events will always unfold. For every ""X will remember this"", you can't tell if ""remembering"" means they'll act any differently, but they probably won't. Initially, the game seems to be setting up an intriguing dilemma of ""who do you trust with your secrets"", implying that you have to pick a side, but this never really goes anywhere. Characters may express approval or disapproval of how you've been doing things, but beyond some initial dialogue they won't act any differently. Choice, yes. Consequences, not really. Of course, this only becomes really noticeable if you replay the game, and replaying the game also means redoing all the fixed sequences, which a bit of a chore. You would replay this once out of curiosity, but no more than that.The lack of real choice doesn't mean you end up with a bad story. The story starts off strong, gets a twist in the middle that plays nicely on your preconceived notions of what's going to happen (if you already know your Batman lore) and then unfortunately dips at the end with a lackluster conclusion followed by an almost obligatory cliffhanger/sequel hook. The confrontation with the main villain at the end, in particular, feels like it could have been much more than what we get. There was a rich opportunity to draw on the parallels between Batman and the villain, but nothing is really done with this, so that you're only left with a QTE sequence as they duke it out in fisticuffs. Overall, the story suffers from the same problem a lot of Batman stories do: as you progress you get the uncomfortable feeling that the villains aren't all that wrong, and Batman isn't all that right -- which is good if you explore that as a theme, but the game doesn't do that (nor does it really have room to do that, given its format). It's nice that you get to choose your ""style"" of Batman, but the lack of real consequences ultimately makes that a lot less interesting than it could have been. There's a lot of room for choice even with a relatively fixed character like Batman, and I'd love to see a game that really tries. This isn't it.Graphically, the game looks fine, but with noticeable frame rate drops that absolutely have no business being there when running on the kind of hardware I ran it on (16 GB RAM, SSD, GTX 1070). Fortunately this only happened to me on scene transitions and not (noticeably) during action scenes, so gameplay wasn't affected, but even so -- when your cel-shaded adventure game has worse performance thanArkham Knight, you know you're doing something wrong. (For that matter, when yourstoryis ultimately less engaging than that ofArkham Knight, you're doing something wrong.) The music is fine, if unremarkable (it doesn't feature any of the old Batman themes, but then I didn't expect it to). The voice acting is excellent all around.If you're a Batman fan and you're not averse to the Telltale brand of semi-interactive fiction, this is worth getting on a sale -- not at full price. If you're not a Batman fan, I wouldn't recommend this on its own merits at all. I'm giving it a thumb's up because I feel I got my money's worth, but I can't shake the feeling that it could have been much more, and I doubt I'll be picking up the sequel any time soon."
,Not Recommended,498240,24673729,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Toxin,"so god damn laggy, this game should not need a supercomputer to run well, i recommend you wait until you see that this game has been updated to fix the lagg insted of taking a chance on seeing if it works or not. but if you have nvidia thing going on there is an ez fix for you(check the comments{look for cractastick down there})EDIT: (using an alianware 13)(so what is a laptop it should be able to run this♥♥♥♥♥♥ and dont get me started on the actual game it took me 2h(rounding up) to beat chapter 1 of 5,are you for real? i just beat one fith of this game.rip"
,Not Recommended,498240,24681174,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,[FGN] KBore92,"I usually don't leave reviews, good or bad, as I think people should look into games and make their own call. That being said, with the way the game currently is I have to make an exception. I've seen other people play episode 1 with little to no problem, but that doesn't appear to be the case for a lot of people who pre-ordered the game.I'm getting really poor modeling qulity (this is with full screen and AA on) to the point where there are wire-frames around the police cars when they pull up in the opening cutscene. I was initially having some frame rate issues, till I went into my Nividia control panel (per some discussions I had read on). Despite this though, audio-to-3d model sync is off somewhere between 2-5 seconds per line. The game is also slow to respond to controler input.I'v had minor issues with Telltale games in the past, mostly slow movement, but nothing near this severe. Until a fix comes through from the devs (and not stuff I need to research and tweek on my own) I can not recommend this game to someone.Edit: After reading other reviews and testing myself, turning AA on or off does not seem to change the graphics what so ever. Still have wire-frames on objects and still partial lag.Edit 2: After further tinkering with Nividia, I have managed to fix the framerate and wireframe issue (steps below). I have also encountered the Codex bug, but have not tried the ""walk backwards"" fix others have recomended but it works for them.To fix framerate/ wireframe issue (Nividia cards):1. Right-click on your desktop and select Nvidia Control Panel2. Click on ""Manage 3D Settings""3. Click on Add under the ""Select program to customize"" label4. Click ""Browse"" and paste C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Batman The Telltale Series5. (This will vary based on your system) Click on Batman_win7 [if you're running windows 7] or click on Batman_win8 [if you're running windows 8 or 10] and click ""add to current folder""6. Click the drop down menu for ""prefered graphics processor"" and select High-Performance7. Click on Apply and you should be good to goAgain, this is a fix for Nvidia cards, and does not excuse the issues others have experienced with this game."
76561198123238483,Not Recommended,498240,28390618,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,CanThePooh,"This game is a mix bag. It has it's moments but in the end it is far from a good game. Story is outright frustrating. It  makes you feel like you are playing as a guy who stole the Batman's gadgets and costume rather than the Bats himself.Putting aside the frustrating story, technical issues caused by the""new engine"" is the biggest problem of the game. As much as I want to appreciate Telltale for ""new episode per month"" policy, it causes the episodes to be rushed and unfinished.I can see the material for this to become a good Batman story but at this moment it feels like an below avarage, quantity over quality superhero movie."
76561198170376709,Recommended,498240,32214027,Posted: 5 June,all,Tdcman123,"Not one of Telltale's best works, but definetley not one of it's worst.The episodes vary in length, some being two-three hours while others are only an hour and half. Maybe that's just me getting through the game quickly, but even so, they do vary. The story is defintely very unique for something made in the batman universe. Telltale uses the lore very well, and even expands on it in some cases. The main villian (and villian group) in the game was made specifically for the game, like Batman: Arkham Knight, so expect some suprises. I won't go much else into the game's story here because I don't want to spoil it, but it's worth the play. That being said, this is also probably one of the least interactive telltale games I've ever played. There will be long scenes of dialouge or expostition that will have you sitting there doing nothing except pressing a button every once in awhile, and NOT for dialouge options. I didn't mind it that much, but it doesn't help the case that Telltale doesn't make games, rather interactive movies. To combat this, though, there were plenty of action scenes. Not as many as I remember Tales of the Borderlands having, but almost as much. These sometimes brief (and sometimes long) engagements are choreographed very well, some even letting you plan out your course of attack before you jump into the fray. Your not doing much other than quick-time events, but they're usually done very fast, and having one or two mistakes usually means your dead, so you have to stay on your toes during these sequences. The puzzle parts of this game are done very well, most of them making Batman have to prove that he's the world's greatest detective again and again. While these puzzles are very simple, they complement the story well.Now graphics and audio-wise, there were many bugs. Some parts didn't have audio where there was supposed to be audio and sometimes the lip-sync was off. While very small mistakes when it comes to the whole game, it's those little things that will constantly break your immersion, and constantly make you sigh.All in all, like I said, not the worst but not the best. If there ever is a season two, I hope they know what to work on. Bottom line, yea you should play it. If your a fan of Telltale like me, you'll still love it."
,Not Recommended,498240,33489581,Posted: 12 July,all,ShyGuyShayan,"If there is one thing i've heard of the incredible track record of Tell-Tale games, its the branching narrative from the decision making of the player. After playing through all levels ( and some twice), it seemed as though nothing at all could change the story that the game creators had built. This goes to a point where some choices will go against what is obviously suppose to happen, and that thing will happen anyway. THE EVENT WHICH YOUR DECISION SHOULD HAVE PREVENTED HAPPENS ANYWAY. The game certainly isn't appealing because of its quick time combat, it's match-up game detective work, or its 'original' take on some DC characters, so it must be how awesome it feels for your decisions to take effect. Well that wasn't really there. I really hope the other Tell-Tale games aren't like this one, or perhaps decisions don't tale effect until season 2, which will be a seperate $25 price tag?"
,Recommended,498240,29826616,Posted: 10 February,all,Hope,"If you liked ""The Wolf Among Us"" and you're a Batman fan, you'll definately like this."
76561198052073352,Not Recommended,498240,34140351,Posted: 9 August,all,Zero,"Bought this on sale for a couple bucks, and man am I glad that's all I spent.  I would hate to have paid full price for something this broken.  Here's the rundown:Story?  Fantastic.  They introduce some controversial changes to the Batman mythos, but after eons of the same Batman stories over and over it's nice to shake things up and throw in a few curves you won't see coming.Gameplay?  Awesome.  You get to plan out and execute an action sequence in each episode, really letting you feel like Batman.  And I liked being able to play the classic ""No compromises, nobody dies"" style of Batman that I feel has been missing in recent years.  FInally, each episode includes one crime scene to analyze and reconstruct, finally letting you be the World's Greatest Detective, even if it is honestly not difficult.Graphics?  Simple, comic-sketch style, as one would expect from TTG.  It might not be everyone's cup of tea, but I like their dedication to the look.But then we get to the technical issues.  This game is broken.  It simply does not work properly.  Too many times a scene will bug out and the camera will be pointing at some random wall, or be half in the ground, or just show a black screen while dialogue plays out.  Sometimes characters faces don't animate, or the rest of them won't.  Occasionally you can fix this by resetting the game, but in doing so during the final scene of the game I ended up losing my entire save file.  Yes, at the very end of the game, it bugged out and robbed me of the ending.I can hardly believe that this came from the same team that brought us The Wolf Among Us, a game that I would recommend to everyone.  I can't recommend this to anyone, not in it's current state.  I wish I could rate it higher, but this is like watching a great Batman movie where someone spilled black ink on the film reel and cut off the ending.  It doesn't matter how good it is if it doesn't work."
76561198073024409,Not Recommended,498240,24762140,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,FrozenIceWater,"This is by far the most expensive black screen I could ever have purchased. $25 to stare at a black screen for awhile is just what I want to do with my free time. In all seriousness though, this game is incredibly broken and glitchy and the reality is that at the current moment for me and many many others, it is unplayable. I did get through the first bit on my first startup and I enjoyed it but then I decided to take a break and got The Dark Screen-The Telltale Serires on second bootup. I did their supposed fix and it worked once but I lost my progress but I didn't mind all that much, so I started again and got farther in one sitting. Decided to take another break and I ended up on the The Dark Screen-The Telltale Serires yet again on third bootup and no fix seems to work. Currently game gets a 0/10 due to it being unplayable. Thanks Telltale, I've enjoyed your games in the past but this was truly disappointing.***UPDATE***I have been able to play the game and thus I will be giving my final thoughts on the first episode. The first episode is stil buggy, however I assume they will continue to patch the game. In terms of story content, I did enjoy the gameplay and story as a whole. I was curious to see how they would implement the main part of the batman concept which is him beating the ""bad guys"" and they did a pretty good job in my opinion. It did feel shorter than the average telltales episode however. Overall I would give it a 7.5/10 however I still can not recommend it as a whole due to the bugs accompanying it and the unplayability for the first several days so I would recommend one waits until the second episode releases to see if the bugs continue."
76561198064818859,Not Recommended,498240,24762189,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,KingWarhammer96,"As of playing it today, I can't really comment on the story because I wasn't able to get that far. The game ran at 10 fps at most and crashed to desktop before the game's intro even finished. If you try to change the resolution you won't be able to progress because your mouse will get stuck. Don't buy it until the problems are fixed. This game is a mess!"
,Not Recommended,498240,24677950,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sammoththemammoth,"Pretty buggy so far, I receive intermittant stuttering during the QTEs what make it hard to do. Also more laughably I can't exit the batcomputer for viewing Codex's as there is no option to."
,Not Recommended,498240,24738590,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,NeverwinterMoon,"This is written as of experence of the game on August 6th, 2016.I am not going to mention the story and gameplay as it's a bit hard for me to pay attention to them, all because:- The game constantly crashes. In one hour of playing it, I already had three crashes to desktop. I do play old and new games all the time on the same hardware/software I've used to play this one, and the last time I had any such experience was probably with the Assassin's Creed: Unity.- This is also the only game that doesn't ignore the screen saver and goes into blank black screen (my setting for screen saver) every minute I don't press any button. I am very happy with that screen saver setting and it never affected any of the other games I've played - all of them just ignore the screen saver settings altogether. Not this one.The latter problem is more or less solvable, but is very, very annoying nonetheless. As for the former... After I just had the third crash this morning, I have no desire to go back to playing, at least for now."
76561198075665018,Not Recommended,498240,24766084,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,WolfChild,"cant recommend, got past the logo screen and went right to black screen.  Tryed all possible fixes none worked, so refund it was.  either buy it on ps4 or xbox one if you want to know it will run for sure, right now pc version seems to be a hit or miss with people.  if you want the pc version id say wait till a fix is in place otherwise you will end up refunding it like i did."
,Not Recommended,498240,30182438,Posted: 25 February,all,Stripstroke,"I'm truly disappointed with this game, I wanted this to be the best Telltale game ever made since I am a huge DC fan... but it turned out to be the worst Telltale game I've played so far. After playing The Walking Dead Season 1, The Wolf Among Us and Tales from the Borderlands... I can say with confidence that they were ♥♥♥♥ing masterpieces! However this falls into the ""Hey this is alright"" kinda like The Walking Dead Season 2 or The Walking Dead: Michonne.The good well it has all the good bits you would come to expect from a Telltale title. The artstyle still has the same good old comic look. The soundtrack is amazing and completely hits all the points for a Batman title, also the voice acting is really good as well almost feels movie quality. The choices are okay and the game has a decent length to it. Truly I can say the atmosphere was the highlight of this game it was so gritty and dark, almost perfect.The bad well first off it feels rushed from the episode intro text all the way down to the god awful animation bugs. Almost everything feels scripted here, it's kinda hard to explain... it's as if none of the choices have that Telltale charm to it, even though they are sometimes pretty good choices. I can say though not once did I have an emotional connection to anyone or anything. Some episodes felt super rushed, it felt as if they got half way in and said what the ♥♥♥♥ are we doing repeating the same story everyone has seen a million times with tiny differences. While the performance has improved since launch, stuttering still exists and oh my god the bugs... the amount of bugs. Faces turning 360 like satan himself took over Bruce Wayne, voices not sycing up to lips, choices made don't alter certain things... just alot of bugs I wouldn't say game breaking bugs but immersion breaking for sure.This game has a solid template and clearly they set out to do something different with the Batman IP but they ruined it. I wouldn't say it wasn't enjoyable but this is definitely the last game in the Telltales series I would recommend to anyone and that's coming from a DC Comics fan."
,Not Recommended,498240,24777435,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Nudle,The game frequency crash and framerate droping make the game become unplayable
,Not Recommended,498240,24753521,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,WidowSon,"Can't even start the game. Can't move the mouse to the bottom of the screen to click the ""continue"" button. The Enter key doesn't work. Not a good sign when you can't even get into the game because of a very simple QA issue."
,Not Recommended,498240,24747501,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,ArzaSTV,i havent have a problem until august 6. after the intro it is just black screen.
,Recommended,498240,24926790,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,PigBear,"Don't know why everyone's griping about windows 10. No issues whatsoever on my end.Regardless, the game is amazing. Great storyline. Not really much else to add yet until the second ep drops.10/10"
,Not Recommended,498240,30048605,Posted: 19 February,all,Corprus_Mudcrab,"*WARNING - review contains some major spoilers! Tread carefully*Didn't expect much from Telltale, so it wasn't SO big a disappointment. The game annoyingly keeps saying that ""it's tailored by our actions"" but you'll see there is not much difference between 2 playthroughs even if you make quite the opposite choices. All villains are either end up behind bars or be dead.Let's start with pros:- Somewhat new portrayal of well-known characters. Vicky's story sure is sick.- Partly decent story (but not the whole plot)- Some outcomes aren't that predictable (Honestly didn't expect Lady Arkham to be Ms. Vale and also that Harvey STILL be insane even if his face won't be disfigured)That's almost it. Ok, I also liked final fighting sequence. At least QTE made much more sense there.Sadly, IMHO cons outweigh the pros and by great margin:- It was said so many times in other reviews and I'll repeat - O.P.T.I.M.I.Z.A.T.I.O.N. Just what the hell is wrong with that engine keeping stuttering in all the wrong places?! Whatever hardware you have, chances are you'll experience the same pain.- Repetitive non-sensical actions that you MUST perform to drive story further (like opening cellphone, sending message or access Batcave database). They really don't add to interactivity. And the crime-reconstruction sequences are just painful. Yeah, it's nice to play ""the world's greatest detective"" now and again but c'mon - linking two pieces together like belt buckle and the crevice in the wall? And you can in no way skip that or take it easy, no - you must awkwardly walk around (struggling with awkward controls), choose one clue and try to link it to the other until there are no more clues left. Not nearly that interesting as it's done in Arkham series.- Glaring (yet sometimes hilarious) animation bugs like Bruce's neck in his talk to Gordon (if you chose to give data to him instead of Vicky)- In some parts lazy and careless writing shows up and smashes your head to the wall (yeah, it's nice to see Selina's gun wound healed so impossibly quickly and without any repercussions, though it really wasn't nice. More like a spit to whoever chose to save Dent instead of Catwoman. Or that moment when Oswald somehow unlocks secret access to former Bats headquarters in Wayne building (even though you've taken chess piece and made other precautions!) and even then he still is totally oblivious to your bat alter-ego! How in the...?! You don't need to be Sherlock or something to figure out who is who by then.)- Main story ark unfolds almost without difference, whatever dialog response or choice you make (Harvey goes insane, Falcone dies, Selina is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the end, Lady Arkham dies (or it seems like that), manor is mostly undamaged, Penguin is behind bars again, whatever you do, ""John Doe"" somehow KNOWS you're Batman (speaking about ""worlds greatest detective"", hehe) and even that pathetic excuse of an attempt on comissioner's life in the end - all more or less the same). Player is a mere observer, not a mentioned ""tailor"". Only choosing between whether to go as Bats or Bruce has somewhat significant impact on the outcome.I bought it on sale so at least saved some money. Still, the game leaves too much to be desired. Cannot recommend."
,Recommended,498240,28862440,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Octoby,"This take on Batman breathes a fresh new twist on a familiar cast of characters, but most importantly allows you to...- kick♥♥♥♥♥- kick♥♥♥♥♥ but as BruceThe game isn't as emotionally brutal as Life is Strange or Walking Dead, but makes up for it with the savageness of Batman. You don't simply kick and punch your way through this story (but you can if you try) For those who actually give a damn, you'll realize being an egotistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, brings round consequences more savage than your actions.The real Batman will know justice is sweetest when served being a smartass.Pros:- The artstyle allows a perfect blend of a colorful world shrouded in a dark, but enjoyable story.- interactive conversations and normally basic to quick actions.- Freedom to assess various rooms at your own pace.- Variety in Game performance options. (New)- Unique and welcoming voice acting.Cons:- Scarce amount of choices; critical ones are always 1/2.- Lags like a ♥♥♥♥♥ when it comes to particle effects.- Most choices don't really feel like they matter.- Lacks in variety of characters and NPCs.- Lag during critical fights.Still a good purchase overall, but still best to wait for a sale."
76561198030788488,Recommended,498240,34239106,Posted: 14 August,all,Cracktus Jack,"Batman – The Telltale series...is a decision-based story-driven adventure. In a Gotham city still unsure what to do about the presence of a masked vigilante known as the Batman, billionaire Bruce Wayne is faced with seeing his friends, family legacy and everything he holds dear crumble around him with the rise of a new threat to the city.⚠DescriptionMuch like other Telltale games, there is little gameplay, it's all about decision-making. During conversations, these decisions are dialog choices you have a limited time to pick from, influencing the outcome of conversations and future events, as well as your relationship with the characters you're interacting with (which may also influence the outcome of future conversations or events). Action scenes are QuickTime events, with some influencing the outcome of the encounter, others being immediate win/lose scenarios, and others that build up a meter you need to achieve a minimum of by the end of the encounter.The story is set in its own version of the Batman universe, starting in the early days of the bat where the police are very conflicted about the presence of the vigilante while regular mobsters and corruption still litter a pre-supervillain Gotham City, including an ambitious district attorney Harvey Dent, or a recently appointed lieutenant James Gordon. This adaptation borrows from comic books, the Animated Series, the Gotham TV series and other sources while still being its own product.☺ProsAs usual, Telltale does a great character-focused game, everyone having layered personalities with motivations of their own, and the choices you make really do change the information you get and how events unfold. Sure, at its core, there is a specific story being told you cannot diverge from, but the way it is told depends on your decisions. Whose side will you pick? Who will you save? Do you go as Bruce Wayne or as Batman? This allows you to go beyond dialog choices into choosing what part of the story you get to see, and what part you don't, encouraging replayability.While some may worry about yet another origin story, this adaptation feels fresh enough to rediscover beloved characters and antagonists while remaining true to the essence of Batman. The series will obviously develop a continuity of its own, and I can't help but wonder how many of the decisions you make (such aspreventing Harvey Dent's disfigurement) will carry over to the following seasons.While cel-shaded 3D graphics do give the it sort of a comic book feel, the textures and lighting effect are far superior toA Wolf Among Us. Characters have good facial animation conveying the emotions they feel in what they say. The voice acting is also top notch and suits the characters as much as the tone the game should have.☹ConsThis game is a lot more about Bruce Wayne than it is about Batman, so people going in hoping to see their favorite dark knight may feel disappointed. While there are Batman segments with their own dialog or action choices, most of it is QuickTime events, with the occasional detective ""figure what clues go together"" you can't fail, if only due to being able to do trial and errors until you get the desired series of combination for the story to progress.There are a lot of character interactions that don't seem to have any effect on the game. Right until the game's ending you still get ""This person will remember that"" notifications in situations where it really won't change anything for the rest of the game, some of which I have serious doubts actually will carry over to future seasons.While I haven't experienced any of the bugs or crashes other people have made mention of, the framerate drop that's been reported by some is indeed apparant, even to those who have powerful gaming PCs.Verdict: ★★★★☆ -""Next on your list!""I enjoyed this new take on the Batman that will unfold into a supervillan-filled Gotham, and am really, really looking forward to playingBatman: The Enemy Within. Centered on the man behind the mask, rarely has a game or series focused on Bruce Wayne as a normal human, rather than a playboy façade hiding a tourmented Batman. You should probably avoid it if you can't stand QuickTime events, are looking for action, or simply don't care much about the Batman mythos. Otherwise, it's a high recommendation!—————————————————————————This was just my opinion.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, and feel free to check out more of my (purely opinionated)reviews."
,Recommended,498240,27679906,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sᵀ ᴬ ᴿ ᴮ ᴼʏ,"This review is gonna be conflicting really. A bit shaky. I wanna present my experience fair and square. First things first. The performance issue people face with the game engine. An Nvidia GTS 450 is the minimum requirement, for me specifically because I use Nvidia GeForce 940M. Everything else checks out. Visit my profile for system specs.If you see the comparisonhere, they are similar and it seems still that GTS has a 'gaming' edge. I wouldn't be really sure unless someone who has used one comments about it. Why did I point out this feature requirement? Because I have faced gameplay issues with inconsistent but playable FPS. This means that at certain crucial moments, keyboard input isn't responsive enough. My mouse doesn't register a smooth experience and I miss certain executions. Maybe I will try and use a controller instead and see if that helps.Mind you, I am able to play the game smoothly and this grievance should not be misunderstood for unplayable FPS.The game delivers what it does best. Immersive story telling. Adrenaline pumping Bat moments. It's what Telltale is credited for. It does not stray away from the core principle. It executes a comic style gameplay perfection. The atmosphere is indeed Gotham. Characters have been revived through incredible voice acting!Pros:+Telltale duh!+Batman duh!+Music score and voice acting!Cons:-Keyboard mouse-Inconsistent FPSRated 8/10"
,Not Recommended,498240,28474425,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,DatBoi,"I really want to say that I could recommend this game, but the ending is so dissatifying, and disappointing. Although you can make many choices, it seems as though your choices don't always make a difference. I think you should have the ability, in one of the given options, to take your choices a bit further. I loved this idea and style of the game, it just didn't always run smoothly, a bit buggy. Episodes one and two along with part of three are great, but then the plotline just seems to breakdown. (Honestly, think there were too many characters involved at once.) I really got into parts of the game, pretty intense at times, there was so much suspense built up... and the ending ruined it. Just don't get into this game if you don't want to end up disappointed.(6.5/10) maybe******POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT*******There were many cases in which I tried to ""talk people down"" or calm them down and with all the efforts, no one really responded in a realistic way. I understand, you can't succeed in talking someone out of a bad decision in every situation or it would kill the game. However, if you can choose the fully pursue the violent route it would be nice to do the opposite. I think it's a little odd that you can't prevent Harvey becoming Two Face even if you choose to save him in Episode Two. Instead he ends up rampaging either way. There are a few things similar in the plotline that just doesn't end the way you would like, even if you made the correct decisions for it.RANT:Why is it when you try to save people or be rational, you still end up getting hated???!!!!! For example, when you're sitting inside the car with Alfred after the officer has stopped your vehicle shortly after getting out of Arkham, i try to say ""I want no problems"" Bruce starts screaming like a maniac, like why!? You try save Harvey and he still hates you, EVEN IF YOU DON'T FIGHT HIM AND YOU DON'T SLEEP WITH SELINA. And why can't I help him get professional help, SELINA EVEN SAYS SHE'LL CALL HELP AND IT NEVER HAPPENS. Alot of the time, if you take the nonviolent way of doing something it doesn't matter at all, nobody cares nor sees Batman as a Hero. But if you beat the crap out of someone when you interrogate them, Batman is a villian. The only way to end up feeling satisfied in the end is if you choose Selina over Harvey, take Selina away from Harvey, and then screw everyone else over in the process while being as violent as possible in the process. OH and you can't make things right with Oswald. You should be able to do at least some of these in the same storyline, but some of these options are given."
76561198016023479,Not Recommended,498240,24679905,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Adjul,"I have never written a review on Steam before, but after the fiasco of this game's launch I felt compelled.  I have played most of TellTale's games on varying platforms, and never have been so utterly disappointed by them.  Whoever was in charge of QA and optimization should be fired.  Immediately.I can't provide an impression of the gameplay, because the game is so poorly optimized that Geforce GTX 960M and an I7 6500 can't even get to so much as render an image.  The game WILL launch, and the title screen music plays, but it does nothing else but display a white screen.  I have tried forcing the game to different resolutions via various means, but to no avail.After spending some time looking through other reviews and looking for a solution online, I decided to check the Telltale website to see if their support team had any info on the issues.  Lo and behold: Batman - The Telltale Series is literally the only non-legacy game they have listed that DOES NOT HAVE A PC SUPPORT SECTION.  This game was so poorly supported from the outset, that they do ot even have a support section on their own website for the PC platform.  XBox and Playstation? Certainly.TL:DRTelltale has released a ludicrously broken game and are not even ready to provide support for it.  Very, very bad look for a company I previously expected great things from."
76561198071143565,Not Recommended,498240,34155262,Posted: 10 August,all,£$§€₹Kosher₹€§$£,"Buying this game was like funding an evil corporation that has the goal of world domination.Got this so called game on discount hoping that some fixes would have changed since release but I was badly mistaken, very badly mistaken indeed.The constant black screens during dialogue,bugs,crashes and these completly unforgiving errors on system cloud savings are the things that make me want to create a charity for people who got this game for +20$ and have developed PTSD by the shock of realising that they threw their savings on a fundraiser for a ""Batman v Robin 2 : A Stale Image Tale for Koalas""Telltale has made good games with actual content and quality, this is but a moneygrabbing-soulcrushing turd of a 9 hour long interacting movie with little if not non-existing effort.Aside from this,patches to fix such huge bugs have been in much quantity as the number of lines Nicholas Cage had in ""Rubber"".I feel like this company has tied me up and shoved dialogue and quick-time events up my eyes and expected me to say ""thank you"".It was a nice move,I must admit, making the first episode 2 hours longs with 1 bug at chapter 1.2-1.3 and make the player think ""My screen whent black,look its ok now, might not happen again"".And it happens again in Episode 2 and would you look at that it has been 2 hours, I can´t refund it now...How Great.Fix the bugs,blackscreens and those God-forsaken-Beach-loving Cloud saves WORK."
,Not Recommended,498240,29083845,Posted: 7 January,all,Effin4,"I would really, really, really like to recommend this. I wish I could - seeing as I am both a huge Telltale fan, and a Batman fan. I thought this would be the game that opened newcomers to the world of Telltale, but if so, they must be terribly disappointed. I can't believe that they wasted the Batman name on the worst Telltale game so far. I could go on about the normal complaints - your choices don't really matter - and I know that this is an overall problem in all the Telltale games, but usually the story is so good that you can look past it. That's not possible with this♥♥♥♥♥♥of characters and story. It's painfully transparent, and the game is more a visual novel which makes fun of your choices by not honoring them. They just power through with their wayregardless.I get that there is no main Gotham story, and that the characters and stories are different in different ""universes"" but Batman without a plan is not Batman. It's... a man in a batsuit. It's not even Bruce Wayne in a batsuit. Just some weirdo.If this seems like rambling, it probably is. I am so incredibly disappointed, and all I am left with is this one, intense wish. DON'T MAKE A SEASON 2. PLEASE. I know you're building to it, but please - spare us. Spare yourselves.And don't get me started on the disgrace that was ... I don't even wanna say it. John Doe."
,Recommended,498240,33644772,Posted: 18 July,all,Tev81,"I played this over about a four day period.I gotta say, as a big comic nerd I loved it.As a fan of other Telltale games, I really enjoyed this one.Took me about 10 hours to complete from start to finish."
,Recommended,498240,29141598,Posted: 9 January,all,Luminaire,"I purchased this after all five episodes were released and proceeded to play through them the very same day, unable to pull myself away. Taking place during Bruce Wayne's first year as Batman, this game features Telltale taking the biggest and boldest liberties with source material to date. The result is a captivating re-imagining of the geneses & personas of some of the franchise's most well known characters, which is a very welcome change to the established Batman origin mythology.While it doesn't stray from Telltale's established gameplay formula, the detective sequences do a good job of making you feel like Batman, as do the quick-time events which are largely combat-driven and have more of a time-sensitive feel than Telltale's usual. This game takes a strong hold of your attention throughout its roughly ten hour long campaign and doesn't let go, stringing you along with intriguing mystery and character development at the core of its plot. The story here is excellent but linear by nature at the expense of many decisions not having as strong a sense of consequence as they could've. Overall presentation is (now) on par with Telltale's best, though the locked letterbox format can be a detriment to some people's experience - a fullscreen option should be added in future patches.As a substantially different and arguably darker side of Batman that's ever been explored, this is a must-play for fans of the franchise. It stands alongside The Walking Dead's second season and The Wolf Among Us as Telltale's most engrossing, well written titles, so regardless of whether or not you're a Batman fan, the story here is well worth experiencing.A-(8.5/10)"
76561198078795631,Recommended,498240,24834363,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Scheaduru,"I'm not gonna lie, I've spent a couple of days to make the game work, and I still played it with a little bit of fps drop, kinda like playing The Witcher 3 on a console; but now you ask me: ""was it worth it?"" Oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god, that was SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD, I am a huge batman nerd but holy freaking♥♥♥♥♥♥that was amazing, I just can't wait for the next episode, I've literally trembled with excitement more times than I could count playing this game. You're a fan of telltale games? Buy it, u're a fan of batman? Buy it, u're a fan of both? Buy it and wear a condom when u play it."
,Recommended,498240,26328659,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,WubbaLubbaDubDub,wooow! i mean woooow!i am a batfan myself and i gotta say ... story is blowing my mind. i hope this goes till the end!
76561198058061459,Not Recommended,498240,24679697,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,kazic284,"Right now it's unplayable. It crashes when I try to load the episode. I will update this review when they patch it. But right now, don't buy this, wait for the fixes.edit 8/5/16: despite the patch yesterday I am still unable to play this game. I own and have successfully been able to run every previous tt game, but as of right now I still cannot recommend this game and would caution others who are considering purchasing it. If you can be patient and wait to play if your PC turns out to be one of the ones still having problems, then go ahead and get it and see if you can run it. If however you are annoyed with the idea of something being unplayable basically at launch wait a bit for things to stabilize."
,Not Recommended,498240,24765531,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,‡,"technical problems abound. had to go jump through hoops just to get the game to run. then 20 minutes in hit a crash. try to boot the game back up and it just freezes on a black screen after the title screen. only fix was to completely erase my save folder, forcing me to replay the first 20 minutes again. ran into the crash later on but it has a simple, obnoxious fix that shouldn't be required to play a game. performance is also terrible, constant stuttering for a game that's not graphically demanding in the first place.seems to me this got rushed out to release a good month or two early. extremely disappointing. would not recommend unless the technical issues are sorted out. will wait and see if things are fixed by ep2, if not i'm getting a refund.the game itself, when it works, is fine. Telltale has taken a more action approach to their QTEs and have obviously taken a lot of inspiration from the Arkham series. there's some interesting Batman stuff for you to do. investigating a crime scene, planning a mode of attack but these moments are pretty seldom and were too easy. hopefully they will be more complex in later episodes. unfortunately a lot of the game feels railroaded and heavy handed with the plot, there's surprisingly little interaction even for a point and click ""choose your own adventure"" type game.all in all it's a promising first effort but plauged by technical issues that are simply inexcusable. wait until the next episode lands and see if the problems are fixed, or get worse before dropping your money."
,Recommended,498240,24674434,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,420jumz1337,"Might be the best TTG game to date. Great atmosphere, good pacing. Feels like a really good action movie."
,Recommended,498240,24734753,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Raven,Wonderful Bruce Wayne simulator.  Really got me in the groove of being The Detective.  Crowd Play feature is pretty fun too.
,Recommended,498240,29387745,Posted: 20 January,all,SPH4E,"Everybody complains about the game performance.Just stop it.. Telltale, the developers, are a low-budget company and they are always doing their best to make awesome games and they never failed. Why don't we take a moment to apreciate that instead of complaing about a little lag? For real now, this game is incredibly interesting overrall and the issues it has are close to none."
76561198243099272,Not Recommended,498240,31101714,Posted: 12 April,all,TheBigBot,"The Walking Dead brought me to tears and introduced me to Telltale games, Season 2 solidify my love for this genre and the publisher, The Wolf Among Us was great and even Tales from The Borderlands had it charms, but somehow I couldn't bring myself to enjoy Telltale's takes on Batman.Story felt weak, Choices didn't feel heavy, Character development felt forced. Even the twist doesn't really adds anything other than a cheap wah factor. Didn't really care much of what happened to any of the character or where the story went.This game pretty much made me lost interest for future Telltale games. TWD New Frontier should had been a definite buy for me, but Batman made me think twice."
,Recommended,498240,24743975,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,The Classy Cat,It's starring Archer as Bruce Wayne.
76561198028086019,Recommended,498240,29829357,Posted: 10 February,all,zais,"Third person adventure in typical Telltale style.Good+ Good enough story+ Decent voicing+ Something new in Batman seriesBad- Bad performance issues (they tried to address them, but still)- Story is like lego duplo (1-3 years), after 'Life is Strange' which is lego techincs (15+)- Not much of replayabilityBottom Line: Play 1st episode (should be free), buy it if you like it."
76561198161071054,Not Recommended,498240,24783547,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Papa Fizz,I couldn't run it even after the updates!!! i can run TWD Michonne but not this! i would not recommend it until the updates come out to fix the framerate issues
,Not Recommended,498240,26752746,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,[WoN][57.Alay] Ibrahim Pasha,"Story is FANTASTIC, however this is the only great thing about game.On the other hand;-Your choices don't matter - Even if you don't brutalize people Gordon will still see you as psychopath who tortures people.-Bad port to PC-Massive framerate frops-Episode 5 is STILL not delivered on time the day is about to end. (I'm writing this on 22.11.16 at night)-Performance issues-Lots of sound issues-Game crashes-Somehow cloud sync broken (Maybe only issue on my side)-No support for resolution above nativeAs I said story is well written and I'm Batman fan but they can't justify cons stated above.Needs tons of improving."
76561198062806712,Not Recommended,498240,25629901,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Kazanova2,It's crazy how laggy this game is. The visuals are great but for some reason it is laggy. Other Higher resolution games are faster than this and thats just odd!!
,Not Recommended,498240,28852346,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tire Marks,"I really wanted to like this game.It was a Telltale game, and about Batman, so it would seem like it would be friggin awesome, but Telltale somehow managed to ♥♥♥♥ it up.One of the biggest issues was that of graphics, if you run the game on high performance, then the textures act all wacky and start flashing a ton, forcing you to play the game on balanced graphics. This is a huge issue because balanced graphics do not allow you to see what is on the televisions, and there are a lot of scenes involving TVs throughout the story, meaning you have to manually go back and set it to high, watch what's on the screen, then set it back to balanced.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=830124234An example of one of the glitches on high settingsThe stability of this game was a nightmare, on the blue moon that it would actually start up, there were times when I got stuck at the loading screen forever and had to restart the game, there were times were it took five minutes to load to another scene, and there were tmes where the lighting was totally bonkers and I had to restart the game and pray that it would actually start again.The story is good, but the game seems to have a really big issue with registering your choices sometimes, for example, there is a part where you can choose whether or not to beat someone up, I chose not to, the next chapter, I get yelled at for apparently beating the guy up, which I had never done.Telltale, you did The Wolf Among us well, you did Tales well, you did The Walking Dead so well, what went wrong here?Overall, the game is barely playable, probably Telltale's worst episodic story game IMO.Oh, yeah, and it ends on a ♥♥♥♥ing cliffhanger"
76561198273459475,Not Recommended,498240,24779257,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,brightening_skies,haven't even been able to play the game it won't even open. A pity as i've always heard good things usually from telltale games but i think this particular one was released before it was ready.
,Recommended,498240,33245192,Posted: 4 July,all,Fell Pacifists,"As an avid Batman fan, I had initially disliked this game for a number of reasons. My initial distaste was due to the writers' adulteration of some of the characters. I felt that, generally, certain core characteristics of the characters should not be modified. I was frustrated, for example, by Bruce Wayne no longer being a stereotype suave billionaire, but appeared to be more of a soft-spoken pushover.As the story progressed, I came to appreciate it and its characters as being something of a one-off, isolated universe. While at first it seemed the writers were wholly unfamiliar with the Batman mythos (while I still believe this), I now see that they used the audience's expectations to their advantage. The modified characters of this story worked well for it.My only lasting gripe with this game was its poor performance. Frequent lagging or stuttering, low frame-rates, and cursor issues. The cursor would occassionally drift across the screen while my mouse was still. There was also a painfully slow delay between my mouse movement and the cursor's movement. It made playing at a high resoultion impossible, as I could not move the cursor across the screen quickly enough to play. Another problem at high resolution was that the cursor could not reach the bottom of the screen. I found playing at 720p eased these mouse troubles.Aside from the performance problems (which tended to effectively break immersion) the game was overall enjoyable. However, if future Telltales games have similar performance problems, I think I'll refrain from purchasing them."
,Recommended,498240,32793141,Posted: 25 June,all,smallchinagirl,"I played episode one when it was free and I was hooked right away, but maybe that was because it was a Telltale game and I LOVE Telltale's creations! I recently bought the whole series of the Batman game during the Steam sale going on and I finished it in two days because of how hooked I was! After episode five I was whining because I wanted a second season so badly.Good job!"
,Recommended,498240,31631149,Posted: 8 May,all,Nos402,"This was my first Telltale game and now I'm totally hooked. Great story and writing. A different take on the Batman tale that I had never seen before. As with most Telltale games (I played several more after this one), it might not be as involved as some would like as it's mostly dialogue choices (that have impacts and effects) and occasional button pressing/mouse clicking action sequences (all very reasonable, not frustrating) but if you like engaging ""interactive story"" type games, this one is a great one!"
76561197970533201,Not Recommended,498240,24750882,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,mythmaker,"I was SO looking foward to playing this game this weekend... bought it... installed it... and got the WHITE SCREEN OF DEATH. It just doesn't work. I guess I should have read a little deeper into the reviews... the latest ones are all glowing reviews - but the deeper you go, the more reviews you find of people who can't get the game to even run. You would think by now they would have issued an update/fix.  I tried all the user fixes listed in the reviews and forums - but none of them worked including going into the Nvidia Control Panel and manually forcing the game to use the Nvidia processor. I have an Alienware i7 R2, Windows 10, x64, 2.5 Ghz, NVIDIA GTX 970M. (Thought it was funny that it says I have to have played the game for 5 minutes to review it... so I just let the white screen of death show for 5 minutes. There. I ""played"" it for 5 minutes!) Very disappointed. Will be looking for a refund."
,Recommended,498240,31666466,Posted: 10 May,all,Diemrfly,"I wasn't sure what to expect with this one, but I was pleasantly surprised.The storyline was awesome - A nice concoction of suspense, action, romance and a splash of insanity.The combat was quite swift and had some unique factors, like being able to use your tech to plan out your attacks before going through with them.You could choose whether to attend as Bruce or Batman for certain events, which shook things up a little. I loved that you had two reputations to uphold and keep tabs on throughout the game.Voice acting was excellent, as always. I truly enjoyed the portrayal of every character.Thanks, Telltale. I'm looking forward to a Season 2!9.5/10Would Shift+Q, Shift+E, A+D again."
76561197969417125,Recommended,498240,28669628,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,G00N3R,"Telltale's Batman is pretty much what you would expect if you've played any of Telltale's previous games, so I'm not going to spend a lot of time explaining the gameplay mechanics.The story is pretty good, and it has a main villain that I'd not seen before in other Batman games or films, who is linked to Bruce Wayne's past in an interesting way. I liked having the opportunity to play more as Bruce and explore his relationships with important characters such as Selina Kyle, Harvey Dent, Jim Gordon and Alfred Pennyworth while not wearing the Bat suit. Voice acting is top quality, headlined by Troy Baker (Bioshock Infinite, Tales from the Borderlands) as Bruce and Laura Bailey (who is awesome in far too many things to list) as Selina.However I'm not sure if the Batman universe is a particularly good fit for a Telltale game. Although there a few story choices to make, I never felt like any of them were critically important, especially if you compare it to the likes of The Walking Dead or Game of Thrones where you always feel like any character could die at any time if you make the wrong choice. And because the player is controlling a famous character whose personality is already quite well established, any potential moral choice is heavily restricted. You can't let the player do anything too drastic (for example, kill someone) that Batman would never do. It also doesn't have the sense of humour that made Tales from the Borderlands so good.The QTE based combat sequences are visually exciting, but they have almost zero challenge. In fact I'm sure there were a few times that I actually missed the button press without suffering any consequences. It might be an unfair comparison, but when you've already played the Arkham games which have excellent combat, these scenes can feel a bit weak.However, there is a stronger puzzle element than any of the Telltale games that I've played. There are 3 or 4 occasions where Batman has to investigate a crime scene, search for clues, and then link pieces of evidence together to figure out what happened. I've often heard Batman referred to as the ""World's Greatest Detective"", and Telltale managed to display those skills better than any of the Arkham games, and any of the films.The game's length is a little disappointing though, at 8 hours in total across the 5 episodes. This is significantly shorter than Walking Dead season 1, Tales from the Borderlands and Game of Thrones, although its a little longer than Walking Dead season 2 and around the same as Wolf Among Us. Other developer's episodic story games such as Life Is Strange and Dreamfall Chapters are also much longer.I think this is a good, but not great, game that is worth playing if you're a fan of Batman, although it might be best to wait for a minor sale. I bought at 33% off which seems like a fair price. Telltale continue to be one of the best storytellers in the games industry, but I still would like to see them try to change up their formula and improve the gameplay - or implement some truly branching narratives (I'm thinking like how Witcher 2 has two completely different versions of chapter 2) - to help their games become even better."
76561198154724416,Not Recommended,498240,34133585,Posted: 9 August,all,Stitch,This game has been out for a year and still has bugs like black screens pretty frequently. I only played this out of my love for Batman. I missed some crucial points in the story from just seeing black screen. Disappointing.
76561198070353253,Not Recommended,498240,24687344,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Queen Witch,"At the moment I can not recommend this game. Full of bugs, bad framerates and I've come across missing audio in the last chapter of the episode. Graphics at times feels like it belongs in a mid 2000s' game. If you are going to get this game wait till it's on sale with 25% off or higher.Hopefully Telltale will fix this bug infested game in the near future."
76561197991876572,Not Recommended,498240,24745404,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Adolf Critler,Had to spend 90minutes playing with the game settings to get the stupid thing to play in fullscreen with a fps of >10. It is rediculious that Telltale can expect to charge full retail price when they offer a game that really should be more polished considering it is delivered in parts sporatically over 6-8months. It is also contensious to require the user to research and fix a game for it to work on their system in order to play it on release as Telltales statements seem to sugest we should do.
,Recommended,498240,24676428,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,unFaZed,"Wow... Was not expecting this. I'm glad this story isn't canon, and you will be too. This epsiode is by far my favorite opening episode to every TellTale game so far! If you love their other games, and especially if you love batman, pick this up! You will not be disappointed. I can't wait to see what the rest of the series has in store."
,Recommended,498240,24698983,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,knightwing,"When I first purchased the game (yesterday) I encountered a lot of the same issues many people are having. But after reinstalling it and switching the settings to use the Nvidia chip in my laptop instead of integrated I haven't had any of the problems. I play now at 1080p but with anti-aliasing off (haven't tried turning it back on). The controller seems to work fine for me as well. It sucks that it's not working for everyone but hopefully it'll be fixed soon. The game in my opinion is pretty good and intriguing, and I can't wait for the next episode. While I do recommend this game if you can work to fix the problems by fixing the settings, it's dissapointing to see a flawed product at launch when it should have been taken care of better."
76561198098453214,Not Recommended,498240,34324012,Posted: 18 August,all,Antivenom,"An overall ""meh"" game in Telltale's lineup of licensed games with constant stuttering and glitches even after a 9GB update. I made two complete playthroughs of the game before writing this review.Pros:- A fresh/interesting take on Batman's story- Solid voice acting (though this is expected from Telltale nowdays)- Certain choices in later episodes that do matter (though where it ultimately ends depend on future seasons)- A few detective puzzles here and there gives a fresh take on gameplay where you literally ""link"" evidences to deduceevents that occur at a crime scene (though it can be too easy and unchallenging)Cons:- Combat is nothing but QTEs and overall feel is unsatisfying (it doesn't even matter if you miss the button prompts)- Too much hand holding makes you feel like a numbskull rather than an actual badass- Another typical Telltale formula where most choices ultimately don't matter (save for a few in later episodes)- Glitches and stutters GALORE! Pretty much making the 9GB update pointlessConclusion:If you're into storytelling and little else and think that the plot twist in Episode 1 (which is free) is interesting enough, by all means get it but only on SALE.If you're into games that actually make you feel like you're Batman, go get one of the Arkham games.If you want a Telltale game where your choices actually matter, get Tales from the Borderlands or Guardians of the Galaxy instead."
,Recommended,498240,34674099,Posted: 1 September,all,UFO_boxing,"What an amazing experience this was. Although yes, the game has its issues, it has an amazing story.The choices were amazing as well, I think the best ones were whether to go to a place as Bruce or Batman, I don't know whose idea it was but it was great to put the player to think about what impact the presence of each one would have.The ""detective"" part that you have to play as Batman is pretty cool as well.The best parts, though, were the fighting scenes, I loved to see how well-made they were and how exciting it was to be involved in the fight like this! There was no multiple ""q"" tapping, seems like they're trying new mechanics.The game has an open ending, leading us directly to the second season, I don't know if that one will be as great as this one, but here's hoping!On the other side, the game does have some performance issues every now and then, which can be a bit annoying, but after tweaking the setting a little they weren't a real problem. Also I've noticed some people reporting crashes and that episode 5 was unplayable, but in my experience this never happened.In general I'd recommend it if it is on sale, great story, great characters and great action."
,Not Recommended,498240,25657291,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Death By Gunboat,"I love Batman and when I heard about this I was very very excited but after finishing episode two I can say, don't play this game unless you really want a new Batman story. It's not something that I think a casual fan would enjoy because of the♥♥♥♥♥♥writing. Now I didn't encounter any bugs in my four hours of playing but that seems to be an issue with a lot of people so keep that in mind. But here is my major problem with the gameWriting:It's just awful. So incredibley predictable. Spoilers up to episode 2 ahead: You learn your parents are actually the biggest gangsters in gotham! (A nice change of pace and not awful in it's own right) However how do you learn about this? You gotta think about the night your parents were killed and remember the things you drowned out. And you hear Joe Chill say it was Falcone who did it, because apparently Bruce Wayne wouldn't remember what Joe Chill said. It's so lazy. How about him finding out through an investigation or anything else than Bruce chosing to forget the name of his parents killer, literally the thing that drives him. And the writing never gets much better, it's all lazy and uninspiring and goes for the quickest solution rather than letting you actually ♥♥♥♥ing investigate it."
,Not Recommended,498240,24745313,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,NeighBuR:>,Game works much better than it did at the original launch. Episode 3 kept things interesting with nice twist at the end. It's what you expect out of Telltale games.
76561198012150389,Not Recommended,498240,24772163,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Paulings,I really liked this game a LOT. It's basically what would happen if HBO made a batman miniseries. But then it started just loading to a black screen and now I can't play it anymore :(
,Not Recommended,498240,24675917,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Strong F. Kennedy,"To start off, I have a pretty solid laptop (960m, 16gb RAM, i7-6700HQ) and I currently run this game at MAYBE 10-12fps. And my mouse seems to be stuck in some sort of invisible box. It's incredibly obvious that there are some issues at launch. Don't purchase until updates have been pushed out.EDIT: Apparently ""Personal Computer"" and laptop are not the same thing..."
,Recommended,498240,29895224,Posted: 13 February,all,アイス Daemon 凸(¬‿¬)凸,only 5% of players have not slept with catwoman o.ob
76561198016127849,Not Recommended,498240,24693665,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,yifan_616,"childish dialogs and poor animation, telltale has really been doing the same thing over and over for what, 10 years?never thought a batman game could be this boring but they did it.dodge this one like hell and just play any of the arkham games, guys."
,Not Recommended,498240,28367896,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,̇ṀΘΘƘIΣ Mookie,"Not the best intro & presentation out there if i were to compare it from Arkham series.It has some bugs but nothing that would break the game really even though I thought I reached a game-breaking point one time then only to find that the detective mechanics weren't that intuitive unlike the Arkham series.It seems that once you play a telltale game you get the feeling that as if you played them all when it comes to gameplay's perspective so I guess it goes down to pick your own telltale story and enjoy the *cough* *show* *cough* I mean game!!Some people in the internet complains that the lips aren't synced with the character's mouth but does it really matters that much? HelloLife is strange? Not one bit that this thing concerned me because what matters the most is how much I got out from this game rather than being too critical to bother such simple & non-game breaking technical issues. And most of the time they're synced compared to Life is Strange.I know that this game or review will not please everyone but at least I'm honest & getting my voice out there.So, if you're really a fan of the telltale games or Batman series you're just in the right place and the end of the episode is interesting enough for me to want to know what will happen next.So I finally finished the whole thing tonight and I say that this is one of telltale's weak games... It would probably best to get this on sale so that you won't feel robbed from the experience.if you expect something better than Wolf Amoung Us or Walking Dead then it's not, given that i'm a fan of Batman since childhood I really can't recommend this game on a higher level and it can be a forgettable experience in a short period of time.This game only appeals to the fans of Batman or for the first timers in Telltale games."
76561198277148193,Not Recommended,498240,29907854,Posted: 13 February,all,zacharyfdeane,"Would love to review the content of the game, but performance issues kept me from being able to play more than 30 minutes on my modern PC."
,Recommended,498240,26322312,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,AwsmNova,Super good game but too many glitches for pc.  Telltale lowkey disappointed me but i still love them
,Recommended,498240,34376732,Posted: 20 August,all,Stupid Watergate,"Craziest take on Batman I've seen. You think they're just taking you through the motions, once again fetishising the Wayne murders for the hundredth time and then, bam, the first of several curveballs you will not see coming. Turns Gotham in to a web of intrigue, too, with all these old money families plotting and scheming in the shadows - something tells me Michael Kirkbride had a hand in this world-building.On a technical level, it is still a Telltale game. Animations are finally starting to improve but the engine still stutters like crazy, even on an overkill PC. Randomly kicks you back to mouse and keyboard prompts while using a gamepad, too."
76561197970717838,Recommended,498240,32792813,Posted: 25 June,all,TheTodd,"Batman:  Telltale takes the tried and true Telltale ""choose your own adventure"" formula into the DC universe with their most popular property:  Batman.The standard telltale formula works well here, very well.  For the most part the execution is very forgiving in terms of timing for reactive events, with a few exceptions.  Some people have had issues with the graphics engine, although I had none (nvidia 860M).The storyline is the high point of the game, with appearances from a number of well known DCU characters, although the core story takes a well revered character and drags them through the mud in order to push forward the narative.  The plot suffers at times with a few rediculous turns that have to be overlooked.Overall I'd give this a 4/5, very good, and well worth the purchase, esp. when it's on sale."
,Recommended,498240,34182400,Posted: 11 August,all,Warxa,"An interactive story that all true Batman fans should play. It takes the Batman characters we know and changes them to create new twists and unexpected scenarios. I had a few performance issues but not enough to ruin the experience, and it's not true when people say that choices don't matter in this game, they do matter, such as making choices if you're going to do something as Batman or as Bruce Wayne and to chose between saving one of two characters."
76561198055576170,Not Recommended,498240,24765798,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,apatrainingltd,"First the bugs and slow play - this was fixed promptly - OkayI was just getting started the game  looking really good  - but mouse speed slow despite having more than recommednded spec.Not a great start and a negative for TTG - They may have lost their crown to commercialism and ""output quality"" ... shameIve spend longer trying to get the game working than playing- not worth the effortTelltale Games - so disapppointing...Steam - unforgivable - i thought you were on the gamers side....tried everything to make this work - i would advise not to but because of tech and poor gameShould I buy Walking Dead etcwill wait..."
,Not Recommended,498240,24765549,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Katan,"Overall the story in the game is good, but when I try to reopen the game for my 2nd run in order to continue, I had to reinstall the entire game in order to get to the main menu.  I recommend waiting a few weeks for the bugs to be fixed."
,Recommended,498240,24754936,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Marie,"An Amazing StartI would like to start off by saying that despite a few issues with the PC version, this is an amazing game. Although we only have Episode One as of this review, it's safe to say that Telltale has done an incredible job and I cannot wait to see more episodes and perhaps even future seasons.ProsImmersive as hell. The atmosphere, story, character development, everything was amazing.Detective work.Incredible voice acting all around. Really digging Troy Baker as Bruce Wayne/Batman.It's a Telltale Batman game. That speaks for itself.Fight scenes in this are amazing. Camera angles, the intensity, everything about them make you feel like the Batman.Choosing your plan of attack is awesome. Hope to see this feature used more in future episodes.ConsPerformance issues. Won't dwell on this too much, has already been discussed to death.Not really a con but, first episode was a little slow paced. I personally didn't mind this but some may be a bit put off by the large amount of dialogue.Overalll Score: 8.5/10.Once future patches are released that deal with the current performance issues, I Strongly reccomend purchasing this. Personally, it is my favourite Telltale Game since the first season of The Walking Dead. Adding on from that, not everyone will face issues with running the game so I strongly suggest getting it to either give it a go or just wait until the patches roll on out. Strongly reccomend this game, get it whenever, you most likely won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,498240,24674905,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,AdrasteiA,"Can't even play! Episode starts, everything seems normal and in a minute BOOM! The game shuts down without any notification or error. A total disappointment for now. A released game should be playable. Hope it will get better asap."
76561198147486112,Recommended,498240,31479182,Posted: 30 April,all,Alex DeLarge,"I've been a long time Batman fan for a while and when I bought this I didn't think that it would be any good BUT, it was so much better than I expected. It's a telltale game, and it's fun, the story is great as well, don't be thinking that it's going to be like Arkham city while buying it. If you're a telltale fan or just like decision making games, or maybe a huge batman fan or a rocksteady fan like myself, then you'll probably like this game."
,Not Recommended,498240,24698901,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Katar,"NOTE: If you're having trouble running this check the windows 7 option in the start up menu. I'm running this on windows 10 and this worked for me and allowed me to mess with the settings and get a normal FPS.You will most likely enjoy this if you enjoy: Batman, The Batman Universe, Superhero media, previous Telltale gamesBatman seems like it would be a great choice for a Telltale game with it's expansive universe, cast of characters to choose from, and the series questioning of what makes someone good or evil, the hero or the villain, but the first episode failed intrigue me the way I thought it would.A lot of the choices you're presented with in this first episode never felt like they had much weight to them. Choices made as Batman always felt like showing mercy was the 'right' choice while showing brutality was the 'wrong' choice and would come back to bite you later. Choices made as Bruce Wayne felt vastly more interesting and open ended with you mingling within a power dynamic in Gotham  politics, the only problem is there really wasn't as much of that as I would hope for.Overall, I wanted to like this game but it feels lacking as of right now. Save your money for now and check back once later episodes are relased to see if you should pick this up."
,Not Recommended,498240,24756312,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,VACation,Fix pls
,Recommended,498240,34165104,Posted: 11 August,all,plastictape,"Finished the game in two days. If you love Batman, go for it. This game presents a Batman that has a more human edge and emotional side. The action is not intriguing (fun but not outstanding QTEs), but there are intersting tech stuff and I went through the ""detective"" part finding blue clues.The story really got me kinda nervous, but the main villain is weak and disappointing (backstory, motive and ability typical and boring), compared to other well-known Gotham villains. Penguin got a makeover that made him look fit and oddly good-looking, which is a plus...?The game played on my low-spec computer just fine, at least I was able to finish the game without much lagging or crashing.I'd reccomend buying this when it's on sales."
,Not Recommended,498240,24753671,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,timtimtimtimtimtim,"Can't even start the game - black screen immediately after the title.  I've tried all the fixes online at the moment, to no success.  For shame, Telltale."
76561198141546311,Not Recommended,498240,24690103,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Cait_Loves_You,Thought I was just awful until I saw someone else play on xbox and realized the game was just not showing a prompt. Would love to play this game if it actually worked. Almost wish I had waited for mobile.
76561198193342289,Not Recommended,498240,24690131,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,martin-silk,With the current performance issues this game is entirly unplayable. Will hopefully improve with an update later.
,Not Recommended,498240,24695038,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,doggo,"the game is a good concept in itself - who doesn't love a good Batman game featuring Catwoman?the designs are brilliant in my opinion, the athmosphere is definitely there, the music helps you get into the situation, the voice acting is good.. Gotham + the Batcave is well designed from what i managed to see, the interactions between characters don't seem awkward - they seem quite fluid.that being said, i only managed to get through the first two chapters because of the amount of lag that i got. even on the lowest resolution, things were laggy and jittery and the dialogue was in no way in-sync with the models. and this is on a laptop that i can run skyrim on at a fairly high quality.it runs smoothly in the menu's. i would have expected it to run smoothly whilst playing as well. even with the QTE's, i wasn't able to get half of them: because of lag. it's very annoying and disappointing. the QTE's pop up and it only gives a split second to complete them as the game itself is actually moving faster than what it's showing me on my screen.as it is right now, i think i'd only recommend it for the few pro's that i gave above. otherwise, i would probably suggest waiting until a sale or something so that a big price isn't being paid for a game that might not work properly for you (unless Telltale fix things in later updates, which i hope they do, because i really do want to enjoy this game fully)."
76561198096245376,Not Recommended,498240,24694693,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TheSolidSniper,"here I was, anticipating the next Telltale game. Batman, one of the most beloved comic book heroes finally making its way towards Telltale Studios. I had such high hopes for this game, I even waited all ♥♥♥♥ing day to download it, and what is the final product? A game where it can only run 10 FPS, the stutter of the pixelated garbage they call ""our brand new engine"", not to mention the lag, lord have mercy the LAG IS ♥♥♥♥ING REAL. I woke up this morning to see if Telltale patched the game or something but what did they do? They updated the game yeah, but of a message saying ""you have to update your graphics card"", so you're saying I paid $25 to know that I need to update my graphics card? Yes Telltale great way to lose one of your beloved customers. If this game doesn't patch within a week, I'm not only refunding the game, but I won't even buy the next projects Telltale has planned. If you look at a game like The Wolf Among Us; one of Telltale's greatest creations that and Tales From The Borderlands and of course The Walking Dead. TWAU had a similar setting to Batman, dark and gritty. The graphics and preformance of the game were stellar, it really felt like you were in the game, and had a memorable experience. BUT THIS GAME IS NOTHING BUT A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥THAT WON'T FLUSH DOWN THE TOILET, NO MATTER HOW MANY TIMES YOU TRY. So Telltale be a lad and ♥♥♥♥ING FIX THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU CALL A GAME. I still love you Batman, but your transition to Telltale was worse than George Bush invading Iraq."
76561198008700166,Not Recommended,498240,24695110,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,scousaboi,"Absolute rubbish! what an idiot i was to pre-order! controls sluugishor unresponsive, frame rate awful. completey unplayable!"
,Recommended,498240,30889587,Posted: 1 April,all,SickHammer,"a story about family, love and Batman... with a twist!+ a different vision for the origin story+ interesting consequences and deep characters+ great soundtrack- experienced minor hiccups between scene transitions[!] don't miss this great adventure, it's really worth."
76561198011107573,Not Recommended,498240,28621565,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,cecilandblues,"The strength of the Telltale method of storytelling is building a character that you become and control. It's no secret that the choices you make rarely have much impact on the narative, but by making those choices you are choosing the person you want the protaganist to be, crafting the way they see the world. This doesn't work in this title. The character of Bruce Wayne and Batman is well known and tightly controled by the editor. The side characters suffer the same problem, Harvey Dent, Oswald Cobblepot, Jim Gordon, Selina Kyle, these characters are just too well known. If the story branched out into different outcomes, different plot lines with different endings then that would be fine, but Telltale is about exploring the characters and in this Batman story the depth just wasn't there to explore. Perhaps it would be a different experience for someone unfamiliar with Batman, but I couldn't even recommend it to that unlikely interested party. The Windows 7 version of the client at the very least runs like absolute garbage with weird hitching and animation bugs. I even had the game insist I'd made a choice in the previous chapter that I did not. The reliance on action scenes through out this adventure exposed significant weakness as well, endless Quick Time Events that carried no weight. In the end I was done with it in less than 7 hours, and the story was all in all pretty weak."
,Recommended,498240,24676949,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,j e r s h . o s x,"SPOILER:Bruce Wayne is Batman.Edit:For some of the people that can't run this game, you need to have SP1.https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=36805open the link w/ Firefox or IE to download it, make sure you download the right one that is compatible with your computer."
76561198199908428,Recommended,498240,32327392,Posted: 10 June,all,ForceFlare,"An outstanding telltale game! It has a great story and a cast of great characters! Hopefully, they could make a season 2 or something along the lines of that! Telltale makes amazing games, and they never let you down. Totally recommend to play this!"
,Recommended,498240,31846067,Posted: 19 May,all,ChicChic,interesting storyline but chinese translation is just...meh
76561198107210200,Recommended,498240,24676369,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Minion Meme,"I've only played episode 1 but it is exactly what I wanted from a batman telltale game. However, there are a couple glitches that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me the hell off but besides that it is great. I personally would rate it and 8.5/10"
76561197990984498,Recommended,498240,34834153,Posted: 9 September,all,dulldog,"Its not a game. Its a interactive movie. Pretty good though. The story it is quite interesting. The game crashes too much, i cant play it with out its crashing. 1/5 for the tech. 4/5 for the story. 2/5 for the ""adventure game"""
76561198042117417,Not Recommended,498240,24944271,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,knife dad,You can't play a game with quick time events when the video is five seconds behind the audio.
,Not Recommended,498240,24748410,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,SuperGurc,Sorry Batsy! But your 10FPS not match my style... Negative vote till the patch...
,Not Recommended,498240,28699855,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Tro The Chain King,"Trashy game.Decisions have little impact, and the story is pretty ridged and un-fun.The game play is average, and the stupid detective things are a lame and also un-fun.overall, this game just leaves me with a taste of dissapointment in my mouth, i could go on for hours about this and maybe even write a small novel about how much i hate this game, but i won't.just download the GOG version off♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for free and see for yourself how much effort (or lack of) was put into this cash grab."
76561198055633556,Not Recommended,498240,24839353,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,K9K110,"Don't get this game just yet. After fixing the white screen, this game lags so much that I keep getting game over in the Quick Time Events. So I tried the windows 7 version and for some reason that pressing A + RT for the finishing blow doesn't work on my controller so I still kept getting game over. I'm aware this Review won't mean anything for long, but I recommend waiting till they update the game and fix the issues."
,Recommended,498240,26249122,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,[yyyArmy]_MindCore,"I dont have performance issues at all, and i play the game at max. settings. May u should upgrade your hardware, boys...+Good performance+Good Story so far (Chapter 3 was the weakest part so far)-I think to this part too, that the choises matter 'til now. May I wrong, but I guess not.I can recommend this Game for everyone, and not just the Batman fans.Have Fun! (written after release chapter 3, wich was also played)"
,Recommended,498240,24737178,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,CuddzBear,"Fun engaging story, but only about 1 1/2 of content so far. If you were having issues like me check out this video I made to help:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80ICQ1lDgpk&feature=youtu.be"
76561198023422662,Not Recommended,498240,29878019,Posted: 12 February,all,Aforgomon,"This game is stupid, and by far (!) the weakest of the Telltale Series games I've played.I think there's not much to be said about the usual Telltale ""interactive movie"" format... it's an open secret that few of the ""choices"" actually matter, and either you're fine with being railroaded through a story that unfolds with or without your compliance or these games just aren't for you. That said, since these games are games only insofar as the player is occasionally required to push a button to move the narrative forward, the whole experience depends on the quality of the narrative... and HOLY SHENANIGANS BATMAN, this title is one convoluted mess of a brainfart.***CONTAINS SPOILERS***I suppose there's something complimentary to be said when developers decide for a new take on the whole Batman thing instead of trying to deliver the tried-and-true stuff we've all seen a dozen times in other games, in comics, or in the cinema. However, the way Telltale messes up the canon without rhyme or reason is just mind-boggling.For the most aggravating plot point, the Wayne family itself now belongs to the mob. Actually, they're probably the worst of the whole bunch, and the supposedly senseless robbery-turned-murder of Bruce's parents now is the assassination of one mob boss by another's goon. Well, good thing that's only dissipating the entire reason why there's a Batman in the first place...The characters are all over the place. Basically, everybody does stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time, and afterwards you have a chat about earlier mistakes where you can tell them that it wasn't that bad. In combination with the aforementioned twist, this makes particularly the recurring exchanges between Bruce Wayne and his butler Alfred hard to swallow. Two accessories to organized crime (one willingly, the other as profiteer by negligence) constantly - and I mean: constantly - jerk each other off while bragging about their selflessness and what good, virtous persons they are. (By the way: you can decide yourself if they're jerking tears or something entirely different in these scenes... I'm just putting this out there, this is NOT how you depict a healthy relationship between a father-figure and his adoptive son.) Also, Vicky Vale is now a criminal mastermind... for some reason.Just to illustrate how monumentally asinine the characterizations are: The most loyal and trustworthy character you meet in the game - in fact, the only one who doesn't screw you over at any point during this mess of a story - is the Joker. That's right, not a typo, it's the Joker. The one dude in this Series who tells the truth and actually helps you as promised. Of course, only those of us with encyclopedic knowledge of the comics will be able to identify this Arkham inmate who calls himself ""John Doe"" and who looks like the Joker, talks like the Joker, and has this big red fluorescent warning sign over his head that says: ""Hey, guys, do you remember the Joker?"" as the Joker. As you see, there's lots of twists and secrets in this game, so don't let your basic reading comprehension come in the way of a surprising reveal.Last but not least, what's really astonishing - besides the sheer stupidity of the plot, the characters, and the pointlessly shoehorned ""surprises"" that make no sense whatsoever - is that the player's dialogue options often don't match the dialogue. So, you click ""Let's talk later"", and then your character proceeds to go on a maniacal rant telling everybody within earshot how much he hates them. This is of course, well, somewhat irritating in a game that is 80% multiple choice dialogues, but at least it makes your own behavior in the game just as schizophrenic as the behavior of all NPCs.So, for a final recommendation:If you're not a hardcore Batman fan, go play Wolf Among Us instead, that's a neat little game.If you're a hardcore Batman fan, go play Arkham Asylum.If you've played both of those, this game is currently on sale, you're bored out of your mind, you like the Telltale games, and you don't have any strong feelings about Batman one way or the other... just watch a movie instead."
,Recommended,498240,32921581,Posted: 28 June,all,The Flash,ich bin batman
76561198069113043,Recommended,498240,24675769,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Riley,"The gameplay so far has been great, the listed issues other people have posted haven't  come up besides a dip in framerate here and there. Average fps of 60+ with the occasional dip down to 30 but nothing game breaking. As for the fullscreen bug, I did not have any problem with the game not going fullscreen or with the game not allowing resolution change."
76561198071153678,Not Recommended,498240,34140553,Posted: 10 August,all,MaX RaY 007,"Seemed cool to get the first episode for free... so i got it. I liked it, bought the rest... MISTAKEI played through episode 2 and it lost my save data... twice... then my pc shut off....  so i restarted and checked again, and a fully liquid cooled cpu and gpu were getting overheated by this... what the hell? updated all drivers and still the same. waste of money"
76561198073433044,Recommended,498240,24786754,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Babs,Telltale brings us another amazing story. I hope the rest of the episodes are as exciting as the first.
,Recommended,498240,24793287,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,SweetestLove,Great gameI loved the opening and the introduction to a new story for the batman verse.I'd say play all different styles and see what kind of batman you turn out to be.
76561198055473094,Recommended,498240,27428436,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nathan,"Great game in terms of story telling that masterfully deals with the dichotomy of the charismatic playboy millionaire and the ruthlessness of the dark knight. Taking a unique twist on established events in the comics which make for a gripping and unexpected plot.From a technical side it does suffer from peformance issue, the only ones that I've experienced are animations when talking not working during 1 scene and a lag/stutter in episode 3. The technical issues are minor for me but have been known to be worse for others.Overall, a great game where you truly feel like Batman in a setting not yet explored in any other medium."
76561198062857402,Recommended,498240,33064188,Posted: 30 June,all,Patryk. #Nostalgia,I've enjoyed it
,Recommended,498240,32917721,Posted: 28 June,all,RainMaker,Typical Telltale: Story is good and decisions don't matter.
,Recommended,498240,33167665,Posted: 2 July,all,Big Boss,Great way to start season 1 of this new series. A good mature Batman story. Best part of the story is its non cannon so expect quite a few surprises. If a true batman fan like me you will enjoy this new take on the batman franchise.
76561198014934121,Recommended,498240,33137807,Posted: 2 July,all,Duvet Fish,"This is probably one of my favourite Telltale games! It's creative in a way that it adds its own unique, refreshing and unexpected take on a franchise that has been adapted so many times. Unlike old Telltale games which can be slow paced and dull in some areas, this game has clearly learned from the past and improves pacing, making the story engaging and exciting all the way through to the end."
,Recommended,498240,33152937,Posted: 2 July,all,Eduardo,"Batman TTS is yet another entry to the never changing formula of TellTale ""games"", where we are still stuck with this archaic engine with mostly ugly visuals, clunky animations and newly added graphical glitches and occasional stuttering during some of the action sequences (and all ""previously on"" flashbacks). So why do I recommend this game? Because it's pretty much the best Batman story I've seen so far. I really like the new twist on old Batman characters and smaller and bigger changes to Batman lore. It was really refreshing to see those characters in a different light, appearing on unexpected places, looking completely different than what we are used to (Christopher Nolan style), and having this really unexpected story twist with one of the characters halfway through the game.So, basically, if you are still not fed up with the TellTale Games QTE ""gameplay"" and want more Batman in your life, I'm sure you will not be disappointed."
76561198001905338,Recommended,498240,33136668,Posted: 2 July,all,thefollowingcharacters,"This is not your Justice Legue Batman.  Batman here is a symbol; an expression of the desire to protect Gotham by the true focus of the game, Bruce Wayne.  I was tepid at the idea that Bruce Wayne was the focus, as generally in the comics and cartoons, Bruce Wayne is boring.  Not here.  In fact, based on how I made my choices, I had much more respect for Bruce Wayne as a hero than I ever did for Batman.The story is fun and comic booky.  The dilemma's for Bruce Wayne are not agonizing life and death choices, but the choices of temptation and the push to give in to our baser desires that every man makes.  As such, Batman has never been more relatable and human as he is here.  Don't get me wrong, when he puts on the cowl, its all business.  But when we're Bruce Wayne, we see a man like us.I think the full season took me around 8 hours, and I enjoyed it the entire time.  If you would pay 20$ for a good movie, you're money will be well spent on this game."
,Recommended,498240,33377146,Posted: 8 July,all,"๖ۣۜMo ✪亗,×}~","Before getting this game i was looking at the reviews and lots of people seemed to be unhappy about the game and there was so much negativity that made me don't wanna even purchase the game, but i couldn't help it because of how much of a DC Comics fan i am, specially when it comes to Batman, so i decided to give it a chance and go ahead and purchase it, Today i've completed the whole story, Unfortunately the story is only 5 episodes long, but still that's not a reason to hate this game, when i completed the story i was honestly sooo amazed, the story isn't anything new or anything special..the same old batman comic story that you know but what makes the telltale series so special is the fact that you can control the story on your own and it just makes it waaaay more fun to play.I totally recommend the Batman fans to try this game out, trust me it'll give you a hell of an amazing experience."
,Recommended,498240,26252002,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,matt060784,"I don't really know if I should recommend this game or not given its technical problems with nvidia cards. I had to go through the nvidia driver pannel through the settings to manually set the antialiasing and the other options to their maximum so that the game would look ""decent"" on my computer (I have a gf970). Even with that, there is still aliasing in the background of the different ingame scenes and I haven't been able to supress all flickering, which is really a shame. Telltale should be paying attention to that, updating the drivers haven't fixed the issue and many people are complaining. Other than that, I must say that episode 1 is pretty good, if you like the Batman universe and characters you'll love playing that game. The story is captivating and so far I've enjoyed it a lot, the fact we're both playing Batman AND Bruce Wayne is quite interesting. To sum it up : Telltale, fix those graphic issues, this game deserves it and people will just love it."
,Not Recommended,498240,26291837,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Katyusha,"Awful performance issues, I used to be able to play all Telltale game series without any problem. They need to fix this issue or they just ♥♥♥♥ed up what could've been the best game by Telltales."
,Not Recommended,498240,33092951,Posted: 1 July,all,Krumpet Pirate,"I feel that this game didn't truely capture the intent or the meaning behind Batman. You don't feel like a badass masked crusader, nor the World's Greatest Detective. This series just feels tacked together, and you play some character that is pretending to be Batman. If you are a fan of Batman, this game is likely not going to be worth it to you."
76561198025898462,Recommended,498240,28873614,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,fecakovacs,"It is basically a good game but a lot of story elements were not detailed, some conversations are dumb and the game still has some bugs, but it has a good Batman like feeling as you play it and has some twists. I recommend the product but I also bought at reduced price (I would not recommend for full price)."
,Recommended,498240,28889149,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,spiceninja,"Despite some awkard animation, crashing, and weird audio/visual glitches, Batman - The Telltale Series manages to rise above its rough edges to tell a surprisingly deep and thought provoking story. Telltale takes a lot of risks here by changing some of the core lore of Batman that we're all intimately familiar with and because of that it throws quite a few story twists our way. But they're not there just to shock you, they really work within the story this game is trying to tell and with constant choices that can completely change the way your story progresses the game is constantly engaging. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,498240,33155551,Posted: 2 July,all,Dieu,"I really liked this game. It is an extremely interesting take on Batman's story, and I have to say, I am in love with the antagonists and the way their instabilities were shown and treated. I am really hyped for the next game that will probably come out someday. This is really the kind of Batman we would all like to see more of in theaters.I also thought the battles were nice to play.Now, the whole game in itself is not perfect either. My vision of it might have been tainted by the fact that I just played TWAU, which I think to be Telltale's chef d'œuvre, I can't deny that - but anyway, I was a bit  turned off by some plotholes and how easily manipulated people of Gotham were. Also, I was not really pleased by the intro sequence of each chapter, that happened to be a ""summary"" of the previous one, but almost as long as the chapter itself. (Of course I am greatly exaggerating, but when you want to see the rest of the story, what you just saw repeating itself feels like it's taking hours.)Anyway, though I think it could have been a bit better, I don't regret buying this game at all, and will definitely buy the next one too."
,Recommended,498240,28517182,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,birdsaround,"Don't know if decisions do affect story strongly, but the feeling still persists. One of awesome Telltale games."
,Recommended,498240,28441418,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ALLYC4T,"Loved it. Up there with The Wolf Among Us and Tales from the Borderlands. Episodes came out within a few weeks of eachother which made it really easy to keep up with the story.The storyline felt unique and brought a new dimension to the Batman universe. I would totally be down for a Season 2.My only complaint is the buggy engine Telltale uses for these types of games. Had a few issues where the game was super laggy or sometimes the characters mouths would not move, nothing gamebreaking but kind of annoying.I'd recommend this game if you like Batman or if you're looking for another strong game from Telltale."
76561197960282791,Recommended,498240,28399018,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Kyote,"It's pretty standard Telltale fare for the most part, the real fun is how well they adapted the Batman comics to their usual procedure. Everything works smoothly now that it's been heavily patched, and for the most part it's a really fun Telltale game, if you're not sick of their formula by now.It breaks with canon big time, however, so, be warned. It's a groundbreaking portrayal of Bruce Wayne more than anyone, because Telltale takes a sledgehammer to the Batman universe's canon."
,Recommended,498240,26319454,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dalibor6,"After reading some reviews here I wonder do we even play same game. Since episode one litteraly had just one crash (in early release date). As far as story and characters go - I like it. It feels fresh. Characters (especially villians) does not look like you used to, which makes it kind of unpredictable. But It's amazeing. Sure, decisions may not drasticly influence game flow but its FUN! People should start looking solutions for freeze and lagg in their machine, not necesserly game itself.Sorry for grammar. :)"
76561198084874625,Not Recommended,498240,34004778,Posted: 3 August,all,RadimusPrime,"This game is buggy, it ignores your choices which causes many a confusing (Wait that never happened) moments and is easily the worst Batman interpitation I've ever seen.You will make a choice to not give a character information and the game later acts like you did, referencing the time you gave that character information. Or telling you, that you're too violent when you've consistantly held back. It just causes frustration and isn't fun to play unless you get a kick of out ""So Bad It's Good.""Avoid until it's a few bucks if you really must. This game is NOT worth the full price."
76561198075965654,Not Recommended,498240,34142215,Posted: 10 August,all,Wizurd,I really wanted to like this game but unfortunately i had some wierd glitch that i couldnt find a solution to and it really ruins the experience. I dont know if i am the only one with this problem but there you go. A little warning before you buy.Example of glitches
,Recommended,498240,28665481,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dr. Orgasmo,"Batman by TellTale is TellTale Games being absolutely fantastic at story-telling once again.Now I'm going to disclaim this by saying that I am not a MASSIVE Batman fan, but I know quite a bit about the series. Enough to know certain characters and backstories and whatnot.However, even if you know next to nothing about Batman, I do feel that this game could appeal to you.This game is masterful at its story-telling, and I was insanely impressed by how hooked the game managed to make me. It's very interesting to see this kind of new ""origins"" story being told, especially for a fan of the series.I definitely recommend it to anyone who's into any of TellTale's work, as this is definitely one of their best. It's also great for anyone who just likes story-based games."
76561198057158965,Recommended,498240,34205983,Posted: 12 August,all,ItDontMather,"so first of all, this is based on how well the game did in what it was trying to do. Its a story that you become a part of, making choices and getting emotionally involved in, its not a typical ""game"".  Its not trying to be a ""game"",  So it is unfair to  grade it as such.This is the First Telltale series ive played, and I adored it. I am an avid gamer, and was never interested in these types of games because i felt they werent real games. But i saw this one on sale for like $6, and as a longtime batman fan, I picked it up.  looking back, now that ive experieced it, i would gladly have paid full price. It pulls you in to the story, as any good film would, but then it places you in the drivers seat, and makes you make the hard choices that we so often criticize movie characters for doing.ALso i have to say, this is BY FAR my favorite iteration of Batman and the universe that ive seen on a screen yet.  obviously the fact that i got to make all of batmans choices makes me biased, but i really actually loved they way telltale did my favorite superhero here.  Refreshing.Now obviously, in the end, the general story has to come out mostly the same, but its the way you get there, and in what state that changes.   as someone who has always valued the small details that immerse you in a story, and the character of the relationships in them, this game really hit the spot.  I tend to get emotionally involved in the story, and this game just totally used that in me.  The choices i was making really actually affected my emotions toward the story, sometimes feeling confident in my decision, while sometimes feeling immediate regret, that stuck with me through the story.  I found myself at the edge of my seat in many moments, and i felt i really stepped into Bruce Waynes shoes.  You really feel like you have control over WHO Bruce is and why he does what he does.As far as the glitches and bugs everyone seems to be complaining about, I didnt experience a single one, and my pc isnt even that great.Well done, Telltale.  Ill be grabbing your other titles asap."
,Not Recommended,498240,24679307,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Spidi101,I can´t pass from the first computer codex interaction or going back to the batcave. Completely stuck and no options to go back. I restarted the game and got stuck in the same place. Too many bugs.
76561197993664311,Recommended,498240,35349160,Posted: 30 September,all,Scarran,An interesting story line in a long series of Batman comics and arks. A must have in the telltale series. Just don't binge the episodes as they are quite long.
76561198142247081,Recommended,498240,35473904,Posted: 4 October,all,M†ropeleˢᵏʳʳʳ,Another GREAT Telltale game. Would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys good stories.
76561197992229015,Not Recommended,498240,34035233,Posted: 5 August,all,Dire,"Sadly, I simply can't recommend this game. Telltale seem to be stuck on their ""formula"" and, frankly, that formula gets stale. They don't really improve anything with each title...on the contrary, their games seem to get worse and more boring and repetitive with every instalment. While Batman's story is not bad and has a few twists and turns, ultimately the game can't do such a character justice.Graphics:Telltale still uses the same engine from several years ago...they try and polish it with every title, but ultimately it was outdated then and now just looks horrible. Animation quality is as stiff as a young man's boner when seeing a naked woman for the first time. Textures are grainy and really terrible. There's even texture pop-in...and the ""black line of Telltale"" is once again part of it as well (it's basically a black line that can be seen in many scenes, stretching trhoughout the screen...simple graphics bug, but still not fixed). When the people try to react to something they look comical instead of showing real emotions. It's 2017, people. You need to up your game. And my god, how arrogant or stupid can you be to put the EXACT same character model right next to each other in at least one certain scene? 6 times!!!!!!! Is this Batman: The Clone Wars?Sound:Voice acting is pretty decent, the conversations flow into one another, so that's all good. Generally sound effects are ok, but sometimes sound seems to cut out for no reason...i.e. a sound effect is just not playing.Performance:Oh my, this is one of the main reasons to not recommend this game. It runs like absolute (bat♥♥♥♥♥♥ The loading times are long (I once even waited a minute or so), and every action and scene needs to be loaded when that action occurs, causing a hiccup almost every time. That means the already stiff animations are even rougher, because during a fight the game will just stutter repeatedly. This is, frankly, unacceptable. There's also no way to skip certain cutscenes or ""last time on"", scenes which have the same dreadful stuttering...again, I waited about 30 seconds until the next scene played out in Episode 5's ""last time on""...unacceptable.Gameplay:It's quicktime events. Really that's almost all there is to it. And if you're not doing those, you'll be ""investigating"" crime scenes (like 5 in the game or so...1 for each episode), which means looking at each circle and then making some very easy connections like ""gun casings connect to killed officer""...meh. It's a bit like in the Arkham games, only worse, because there is no actual effort involved. Another new gameplay ""feature"" is the possiblity to take out enemies in different ways at certain times...but again, this just means selecting whether you want to kick or punch someone mostly. And then there's the much marketed ""Batman vs. Wayne"" choices...of which there are a total of THREE in the game...and one is just for the epilogue. And none of those choices affect the game's story at all. You might read different newspaper articles, but who cares? Batman was definitely not the correct character to use for this style of game...sorry, it's ♥♥♥♥ing boring. There's no tension. No fear of failure. Just randomly press the buttons shown on screen and never make a choice and you'll get the same outcome as everyone else.Story:The meat of the game...I'd say it's decent. They tried something very original here and I can respect that, even though I'm not on board with everything. They used familiar characters and gave them a different background and development. Whether or not the choice of enemies is good is up to you to decide, but I found it a bit ""lacking"" to be honest. There are just too many gaps to make the villain believable...Choices:Oh yes, the much touted choices...it seems they're getting worse with every instalment as well. I remember in the first Walking Dead there were a lot of choices that were also tracked at the end of each episode...gradually those choices became less and less and ultimately we all know that no matter what choices we make the episodes play out almost in exactly the same way. Spoilers below:Harvey Dent for example will ALWAYS become Two-Face whether you save him from disfigurement or not,Selina Kyle will always leave the city whether you want her to stay or not, she will always steal from you. Will it make a difference whether you've told her she's just a thief or confessed that there's more about her in future games? I doubt it,and even if, they'll just swap some characters around and make the story principally the same. Harvey will always find you in her apartment and lose it, whether you try to hide or show yourself and whether you slept with her or not. Doesn't matter. The commissioner will always die, Alfred will always be kidnapped, Vicki Vale will always hate you, and Cobblepot will always try to kill you. No matter what you try, which dialogue you choose, the game will play out 95% in the same way. There is only ONE minor difference at the end of Episode 4 going into Episode 5: You have a choice who you want to stop, Penguin or Two-Face. Depending on your choice the episode ends with a different cutscene and the next one tasks you to dispose of the other one, so in the end, even that doesn't have an impact on the story or any outcomes. One choice also means that Batman's tech will fail, but that just results in different quicktime events and will probably happen anyway...In any case, you can't reason with people, you can't convince them (not) to do something. I know that is the Telltale formula, but like I said, it gets old and in the case of Batman it doesn't really work so well. Does it matter what the public or police think about Batman? No, not really. You may get some different dialogue from time to time, but there are no hidden scenes or missions. Something that is desperately needed to reinvigorate this type of game. Heck, it's barely 8 hours long...and most of that is just watching cutscenes. Give me multiple paths to finish the game. Stop building ""series"", or if you do, make it so that my choices affect the next game in the series. Let me convince someone to get them on my side. Give me more gameplay options, not just quick time events. Then you can do so much more with the choices...disappointing."
,Recommended,498240,24786151,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,starinthegutter,"Once I got it working, I enjoyed the story! It's just too bad it's a little on the easy side- there's not much to the way things work, though the linking evidence is a neat mechanic. If people are having trouble running the game, I recommend entering the discussion and trying a few troubleshooting methods, or simply purchase on console if you're impatient."
,Recommended,498240,31310811,Posted: 22 April,all,10P,"Yet again another Telltale game that I have been very happy with. The story is very good a few twists that I didn't see coming thats for sure, character development is also really good like in all Telltale games. You get really attatched to the characters which I really like in games. Visuals are done really well which is awesome, the only issue I have with the game is the random frame drops during cut scenes but its not a big deal to me maybe to other people but not to me, I would highly recommend this to any Batman fan or just a person who wants to play a new game, really good 10/10."
76561198165756102,Recommended,498240,25395033,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,JustRonin,"Episode 1 Review:First episode was great. I was originally inspired by the artistic approach Telltale applied to the game which I must say is incredible and also being a Batman fan how could I say no?Of course the graphics aren't the only thing to appreciate about this game. Telltale offers a unique and refreshing experience on DC's story. Although we revisit a few plot points, the game still has a degree of mystery to it which is more than I can say for most games that just rehash everything off the original source.The game gives you a bit of leg room with your choices. As we know Telltale, the choices don't usually matter in the end because the outcomes are very limited. What's different with Batman is that it's not so cut and dried. In Batman, every choice leads to something bigger. Every decision you make will shape how the people of Gotham perceive you.While the game is nowhere near perfect, it's interesting and straight to the point. Here's to hoping that the story picks up it's game next episode.Overall Episode Rating:7/10Episode 2 Review:The first episode is never that great when it comes to Telltale but this episode definitely made up for it. Telling a genuine Batman story is pretty much a long shot but Telltale has somehow pulled it off in spades.One of the biggest things this episode focuses on is Oswald Cobblepot. Oz is an old childhood friend of Bruce Wayne, but his family lost it's wealth. Eventually his father committed suicide and his mother went insane. Oswald left Gotham City and grew up to become the infamous adversary that we know as ""The Penguin"". When he returned to Gotham he spoke of a revolution, the intentions of that revolution become clear in episode two.Of course, the second episode isn't all about Oz. We also learn more about Bruce's father, whose dark secret rises to the surface for everyone to see. But this comes to no surprise given what we learned about the Wayne's ""criminal history"" at the end of episode 1.We also witness some pretty awful events unfold which is a pretty big move for Telltale but not surprising for anything Batman related. Along with this, we face some pretty difficult choices but being Batman is quite challenging and putting you in his mindset benefits your experience that much more.I would also be crazy not to mention a particular bar fight that occurs about halfway through the episode. I personally, had so much fun fighting alongside Catwoman and that alone was totally worth my time. In conclusion, It's a very focal part of the episode that we can all appreciate.Children of Arkham is a fantastic addition to Telltale's Batman and I'm really looking forward to the future episodes hoping that they'll get better as they go on. Needless to say, Telltale has me sold.Overall Episode Rating:9.5/10Episode 3 Review:Now..where do I even begin?Episode 3 is definitely a slow paced episode that has high promise for a lot of interesting plot points later on. In Episode 3 we get to focus a lot on Bruce Wayne's side of the story and his relationship with Harvey Dent and Selina Kyle. There are also a lot constant twists and turns throughout the episode that will leave you on the edge of your seat.There is only so much I can say about the story without spoiling it but it's definitely given the series some footing as the end of Episode 3 sets us up for a very compelling next episode. The only negative thing about this episode was some lagging during the driving scenes which put me off a little bit but nonetheless its another great addition to the series!This episode builds a lot on storytelling and dialogue. Despite the fact there wasn't much action, I rather enjoyed the thrill of it.Overall Episode Rating:7/10Episode 4 Review:Stellar episode!!Guardian of Gotham starts from where we left off after the cliffhanger from Episode 3. We discover that Bruce Wayne has been locked up in Arkham Asylum. Because of this, Bruce finds himself in a unreliable situation. We also bump into a familiar face during our stay in Arkham. Of course, this is very short lived as this ""friend"" conjures up a plan to bail Bruce out of the Asylum. When this happens, be ready for the episode to start getting back on track because, to no surprise, the episode gets much more amped up.While we are still hanging around the Asylum, we learn that Harvey had Bruce committed to Arkham because he's apparently ""too dangerous"" but we learn after this chapter that this is a more personal vendetta. With that being said, Harvey has become a bigger threat towards Bruce Wayne AND Batman so it becomes difficult to play the hand we've been dealt and with so much stuff going on in one episode, it becomes really hard to keep up with so I can't help but notice it feels a little forced. In retrospect, the storyline, characters and even the Jokers voice and design are quite solid! Hopefully we'll be seeing more of him *fingers crossed*The last fight between Harvey and Batman was quite a lot of fun! The combat for this game is worthy of praise because its so immersive. Episode 4 definitely lived up to that affirmation. Guardian of Gotham had me very emotionally invested in the story and although it's not the most exciting of the series, that doesn't mean it should be overlooked as a great standalone episode.Overall Episode Rating:8/10"
,Recommended,498240,25280222,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Exes | LFT | pl4ym4k3r,"Another GREAT Telltale game. They always are engaging and really make you think about your decisions, even if they seem obvious sometimes."
76561198083420939,Not Recommended,498240,26362592,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Philnut (G.E.W.P),"Pros:Good actionGood storyChoices do affect gameplayWell actedTrue to batman seiries.Con:unbarable slow on most machines to where you won't want to play it, I tried every trick I could to improve the framerate and it reached 21 - 27 frames at best.Summary: All the pros don't mean anything while the framrate is low, 3.8/10."
76561198017681447,Recommended,498240,31424605,Posted: 28 April,all,ferretsrule,"I wish I could give this a 50/50 rating but Steam doesn't give that option so I will go with the gut and say thumbs up but only barely. Don't get me wrong the story it excellent and the way all the characters fit is nice, the investigation aspects are brilliant loved playing every minute. But it seems buggy and I don't just mean the very slow load times, common clipping and in some instances key strokes that are indicated out of screen view. I loved the story aspect and linking the various clues to formulate ""what happened"", but the combat seemed very hit-miss sometimes the keystrokes were sometimes registered other times not (even though I was slamming on the keyboard at the indicated time on the indicated key several times), other times didn't even hit the correct key and it registered as successful? So if you like batman and enjoy an investigation style game get it on sale!"
,Recommended,498240,29935033,Posted: 14 February,all,ＷＨＩＴＥＷＯＬＦ🐺,"It's like every other Telltale game. Just a long cutscene that gives 100% achievements to stick on your profile. Besides that I did enjoy the game, just always feels basic. I enjoyed the main theme music which was even better than Batman: Arkham Knight's main theme music. I loved how we could change our own tech colour and how that even was referenced in the later part of the game! Purple really does suit you Bruce. I disliked how it sort of changed a few things about the DC Comics lore, it's not the first time of course because the Batman Arkham games and movies have screwed around with perfectly good stories. I feel this is a much better portrayal on Bruce Wayne than the Batman Arkham games show. It's a great game for my DC Comics collection. It's not bad to enjoy it as a little inbetween game until we get our next big Arkham game. Would I buy the next Batman - The Telltale series? The answer is yes, on sale for half price like I did with this game."
,Not Recommended,498240,34238936,Posted: 14 August,all,Slav,"Half the game runs smoothly, and half of it is a complete slideshow.  Fix your game, Telltale."
76561198028944984,Recommended,498240,25573492,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,logansingh,Great Game. Must play.This is the first telltale game I have ever played and it's awsome.
,Recommended,498240,28685321,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ANCRON,"Telltale did an awesome take on Batman. Taking basics of what we know of the Batman lore and adding unique twists to the story.Combat sequences are fun, satisfying to watch and easy to use. Detective mode is great addition that isn't too complex and adds a bit more depth to the story. Batcave is a nice place to sum up all the data you've come up with and take a short break from the action, read updates on Batcomputer, watch news and dig through clues.Dialogues are well written, characters have great depth of emotions and lip sync. All characters have rich personalities and you can feel good chemistry between them in conversations, which adds nice feel of immersion. Every time I start the episode I'm literally on the edge until it ends.Having a blast with the game and I'm enjoying it a lot. Chapters are around 2 hours long each, which is a pleasant surprise considering it's short series of sorts. Runs well, plays well at least at the moment of writing this, so if you are a fan of Batman, try the Episode 1, it's free and see if you like it.Have fun."
76561197994618621,Recommended,498240,28519340,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,yip-yip,"After a late introduction to the Telltale Series of games (I only played most of the titles over the course of the last year, starting with The Wolf Among Us), I've grown to thoroughly enjoy them for their captivating story, weighty decision making and engaging, yet simple gameplay.Being long time fan of The Dark Knight, the release of Batman - The Telltale Series was highly anticipated. Story wise it does not dissapoint. A unique take on the Batman story coupled with some morally testing decisions and the option to tackle certain objectives as Batman or Bruce Wayne make this one of the more unique Batman games. The combat scenes are fast and frantic and give you the sense of being Batman himself. The detective scenes are somewhat less engaging, personally, but they don't last long. The narrative is good and offers various ways to portray both Batman and Bruce Wayne depending on your conversation choices.My biggest let down is the length of the game itself. Episode one is quite lengthy, but not overbearing, and subsequent episode seemingly get shorter and shorter. On average I spend around 12 to 15 hours in previous Telltale games, but was able to complete this one in 8 hours.Performance wise, I only played it after the final episode, and presumable a patch, was released so performance was pretty much okay. I did, however, notice a few voice syncing issues in some scenes involving the Batmobile. Otherwise, framerate and control scheme (using Xbox One controller) were pretty decent.If you're a fan of Telltale Games and Batman you will thoroughly enjoy this."
76561198072588515,Recommended,498240,25608000,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Dom,"It's a good game and i do recommend getting it but for some reason some people get this problem where the screen is just black and white and the sound goes in like 20 seconds, if this happens to you... well then... i dont know how to fix it. just letting you know before you buy it"
76561198255105198,Recommended,498240,25613080,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,GillMeister,I love the different take on a classic story. The story is very good and intriguing. The only problem is I have to wait for the next episode.
,Recommended,498240,26238751,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,[PEPO] | Tom Cruise |,WOW.... no issue with the game... fantastic story... quite good graphic for a telltale game.. nothing to say... i love it...
,Recommended,498240,26309530,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Azazel,"I was pretty skeptical to buy the game due to negative reviews saying that there are performance issues, audio isn't synced and things like that. (I haven't had any problems). But I had been waiting for the game ever since I saw that they announced it. I am a massive Batman fan so I probably won't make much sense in this review. (Most of it is spoilers so becareful.)Episode 1:I was excited, I went into it almost instantly. I couldn't wait to make decisions that would end up having the game pretty much ruined xD.Although, I hated how it gave you the choice to kill Falcone, Batman isn't like that.Episode 2:So, Catwoman and Batman working together in this one, I became a little girl in all honesty, The Joker and Batman being the dynamic duo? Nope, I believe Catwoman and Batman are the dynamic duo.When I got the choice to either save Harvey or Catwoman, I didn't know who to choose, I chose Catwoman in the end, even though she denied my attempts to kiss her. :cEpisode 3:Bruce Wayne forcefully resigning from his position as CEO of Wayne Industries, and his replacement is Oswald. I punched Oswald to be honest, and beat him up. Catwoman saved Batman's♥♥♥♥♥and then they ended up doing dirty stuff.The day after that, Bruce had to deliever a speech to Gotham City about his resignation which is where he finds out Vicki Vale is Lady Arkham."
76561198002964074,Not Recommended,498240,34131784,Posted: 9 August,all,Aristede,Black Screen simulator.. FIX IT!
,Recommended,498240,29910170,Posted: 13 February,all,Dr. Opium,Everyone who loves Batman storys gonna love also this one ;)
,Recommended,498240,24676222,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Royal Teal,"Crashed twice, but with years of experience with adobe products and knowing how ttg autosaving works, it's not hard to work around. It shouldn't be there, but it's not game breaking.The first episode is good, definately what you'd expect from a post Nolan Batman universe but with a fresh twist that throws everything you know about Batman into question.The fighting animations are good, the voice acting is great - once again using the talented Laura Bailey as a voice actor for the main heroine. I'm never really a fan of the British accents they cast in Batman, bar Sir Michael Caine, but this one wasn't the worst. And Bruce himself has been cast well, none of the occasionally awkward Bale's raspy shouting.It's a telltale game, of course it's good. The fixes will come, the stories will come, and so will I.Back to the game when the next episode is released."
,Recommended,498240,24973493,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,pram the symbol of hope,Simply a solid storytelling for a new fresh Batman Story.
76561198324055216,Recommended,498240,24993152,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,1313sithlord,Flawless graphic and audio performance. Win 10.Entertaining but quite short.Can't wait for next episode.
76561198051166215,Not Recommended,498240,33397869,Posted: 9 July,all,Shikabane Hime,"Well the game has its ups and downs. Here are the pros and cons:PROS:- An interesting, new and different take on the Dark Knight and the characters that we know, with different personalities and backstories.- Really good characters, interesting and well made villains.- Nice story with a  lot of turns that you do not expect.- You get to play and decide on some occasions to go as either Batman or Bruce Wayne.- Full of action that wont get you bored.CONS:- As usual the choices you make do not really matter at what happens in the end.- Various technical problems with visual and sound glitches.- No replay value since the end is always the same.- The biggest problem is the duration of the game which is really short.  It took me about 4 hours to finish it. This, along with its price is a big negative. ‎22,99€ (24,99 $) for a game with 4-5 hours duration? This is a joke!BUY IT ONLY IF YOU FIND IT ON A DISCOUNT, NOT WORTH THE PRICE."
76561198064819095,Not Recommended,498240,29884426,Posted: 12 February,all,raykj02,"The entire game is a quicktime button mash.CHOICES DO NOT MATTER!  Maybe one or two choices actually make a difference, but you cannot give this game a tag that says 'Choices Matter.'  The game always leads down the same path.  They mean nothing to the game plot.  Dialogue choices always lead to the same dialogue.On the dialogue, it's very poorly matched.  If you tell Batman to say ""That's a bad idea."" he'll instead say ""I'll murder you twice and violate your goldfish.""You never control Batman.  You occasionally have to push a button to keep him from dying.  Miss half your buttons, and he still wins.The cinematic portion of the game, which is all the game really has, is ruined by shoddy CGI and horrific lag.  Read other reviews; it's not just me.  No game should run this slow on a machine exceeding reccomended specs with minimum graphics settings.Disappointing to anyone who doesn't have Windows 8."
,Not Recommended,498240,28946319,Posted: 2 January,all,cardinalgray,"The only Telltale game I wouldn't recommend playing. A very generic Batman story featuring most of the characters we've seen in recent films and TV series. Telltale tried to show them from different and sometimes totally unexpected angles, but forgot to make an interesting story. Absolute boringness comes with episode 4 and stays with players until the very end of the game."
,Recommended,498240,26233694,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,DancefloorDale,"So far I've only played episode 1, and the optimization is just as bad as everyone says it is. I had to play at 720p because the game was crashing at 1080. Even then, the games performance is pretty terrible, plus there are plenty of graphical bugs that need to get sorted out. The poor optimization could have been worked around if there was a proper options menu, but the only options are texture quality, AA on or off, and VSync on or off; that's it.Besides that, Tell Tale delivers the quality of story we've all come to expect: nothing short of riveting. At the games current state, I recommend waiting till all five episodes get released. Maybe they'll sort out the bugs and performance issues promptly afterwards. However, the game is ultimately a must own.UPDATE: Optimization issues have been addressed and I've played all five episodes. The game isn't as good as Tales from The Borderlands (I don't think TellTale will ever make a game as good as that one ever again), but still good none-the-less."
,Recommended,498240,28410590,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,charliewaffles,"The game itself is great, but Telltale's release schedule is really inconsistent. They shouldn't be taking on this many projects. They'll release an episode one week, and then it'll be weeks, sometimes even months before a new episode is out, and at that point, you just barely remember what was going on in the story. Not to mention their engine is an absolute mess, especially on consoles. Telltale puts out great stuff, but I ONLY recommend you get their games once the entire season is out, unless you don't mind waiting for an ungodly ammount of time for each episode to come out. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together Telltale, and stop taking on so many damn projects!"
,Recommended,498240,25579850,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Randomshadows,"Telltale are going in a good direction with this game so far.I like their take on Batman from what I've seen so far; there's the right amount of violence, rather than having the hero sugar-coated, as we often see in mainstream portrayals of him.There are a few new additions to the gameplay, as in most new Telltale games. Some new button-pressing combos and linking together clues and forming scenarios etc. which is an enjoyable way to keep it fresh.It's a little early for a full review, so I'm holding my breath. However, as this point in time, I'd definitely say I'd recommend it for fans of Batman, fans of Telltale and story-driven games of that nature."
,Not Recommended,498240,24707319,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,CharlieGSツ,"The patch did nothing, the game is still laggy af"
76561198109172972,Not Recommended,498240,24764111,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,theeshyguy,I don't remember paying $25 for a black screen.
76561197977046212,Not Recommended,498240,24685351,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,FinalSonicX,"I'd advise against jumping in on this game right now. I ran into several bugs - performance is a little sketchy, sound sometimes comes in and out, and I ran into a blocker within the first 20 minutes of the game that completely blocked my progress. I had to restart from the last scene to progress - no idea how that wasn't caught during testing.The game itself does a poor job of acknowledging your choices (at least in Episode 1). A few examples: In one scene, I explicitly went out of my way to avoid harming a thug, instead relying on intimidation. In the next scene, Alfred was chewing me out for ""beating him half to death"". I endeavored to be completely open and honest with the press, and stay on the level, but the press still suggested that I had ties to crime while playing a clip of me refusing to shake a mobsters hand. It's very obvious the writers wanted the story to go a particular way, and when you acted against that, then they just force it anyways. Coming from other games like the walking dead, this game doesn't even make an attempt to really make your choices visible.The action scenes themselves are full of pointless QTEs, and on the mouse/keyboard setup they're very awkward. Hitting shift + q or shift + e is very unusual and it takes a lot of getting used to. The game would be better without the QTE however. It would be simple enough to leave it as a game about dialogue choices and some minor targeted clicking for batarangs etc.The first episode is very short, I finished it in around 2 hours. That said, I don't feel like it was fully wasted time or money. The art is beautiful, and the dialogue is entertaining even if it's all railroaded.Hopefully things improve in future episodes, and they get some patches out to help people with their technical issues."
76561198033217879,Not Recommended,498240,24686438,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Skaarathos,"It's broken. I'm not even past the title screen. If you try to raise the resolution beyond its default, your mouse gets stuck in a little invisible box in the upper left corner."
76561198009685542,Not Recommended,498240,24693871,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,[B52]BigBob,"DO NOT BUY THE GAME AT THIS STAGE - BUG FEST!I haven't even played something, because when you launch the game it will launch in a small windowed box at 1024 x 768. If you go the menu and try to change the resolution, nothing happens. Same goes for ticking on/off the fullscreen option.Wait for future patches that fix this problem, or accept that you will be playing in a windowed small box (with 10FPS, according to other reviews)I will edit my review and change the status if the problem is fixed, and then I will give a true review about the game. Not a rig issue!3/10 with a Medium Steak award.10/10 - Simply does not exist9/10 - Pre-order is justified8/10 - Badass7/10 - Fantastic6/10 - Mweh, getting a Big Mac first5/10 - Let's wait for the GOTY version4/10 - Let's wait for the Steam sales3/10 - YOU SHALL NOT PASS!2/10 - RUN YOU FOOLS!1/10 - This is not the game you are looking for. *Jedi mind trick*Big Bob awards:EPIC - definitely worth your moneyMEDIUM STEAK - Not worth the full 60€/$, wait for patches and additional DLCs (via GOTY-edition)FAIL - Don't buy it.WTF!? - Don't, just don't...---My rig:GTX 980tii7 4770k24GB DDR3 2133mhzSSD"
76561198280197381,Not Recommended,498240,24685894,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Brobama,"I launched the game and it popped up in windowed. I could see and use the interface pefectly. When I switched it to fullscreen, I got a black screen. I could still hear the menu music and my cursor running througn the options. I downloaded the update for my geforce card and tried to launch again, but this time, there was a white screen with the same issue as the black screen. The main menu was there, but I couldn't see any of it. The game is about as usable as Ubuntu right now."
,Not Recommended,498240,24693689,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,zulvanication,"its bugged, need fixed. very dissapointed"
,Not Recommended,498240,24679834,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Bri,"The way it is now, I can't recommend it because it just lags so much. I can play ever other telltale game fine but this one just doesn't like being played. I couldn't get far without ending up frustrated with the framrate even at the lowest resolution."
,Recommended,498240,24682933,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Roquen,"No one has posted anything of help such as system specs so far. So, here's some helpful information (I'm NOT having any issues at all with the game, it runs at a full 60 FPS with no dips, lipsync problems, etc):-Gigabyte Z170x Gaming 7-i7 6700K @ stock-16GB Corsair Vengeance DDR4 RAM @ 2400MHz-GTX 1080 @ 2.06GHz-EVGA Supernova NEX 750 G2-Samsung 850 Pro 1TB-Windows 10 64-bit ProPeople with performance issues, PLEASE post hardware and OS.Onto the game itself: AWESOME story, very good graphics compared to other Telltale games, and my God, this IS Batman. I really don't think any other game nor any other form of media have captured the essence of Batman so well, except maybe the Batman animated series and some of the animated movies with Kevin Conroy."
76561198077246666,Recommended,498240,24698315,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots,"It crashed the first time i played it but a quick update of my graphics drivers later and it was fine, the story and character design differed from your regular batman game which was refreshing as f after the arkham quadrilogy and the combat was actually pretty awsome for a telltale game 8/8 ir8 noh8"
,Not Recommended,498240,34121381,Posted: 9 August,all,Thomas the Dank Engine,"The story is fantastic. I found the first twenty minutes of this game to be the most engaging Telltale experience since TWD 1. However, the technical issues made it impossible to enjoy. The action sequence, and the fight scene were rendered perfectly, but the follow-up at Wayne Manor was a black screen and ruined the experience. Refunded with deepest regrets."
76561198068430673,Recommended,498240,28089474,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Poogers555,The only game where you can be the bestest friend to your best friend.And then ♥♥♥♥ up his lifeHis faceHis bodyHis CareerHis reputationand ♥♥♥♥ his girlfriend.But its okay because you're Batman and shouldnt feel bad about your actions.
,Recommended,498240,25612180,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Aeternull,"This is one of the best Batman games I have ever played. It's because this game I really feel like I'M BATMAN but not only that, but I also feel like Bruce Wayne.We always get to be Batman in many games but we never been part of Gothan Politics. In this game, you go through it all as Bruce Wayne and that's what really makes this game special to me. Playing as Bruce Wayne is so much more fun than playing as Batman to me.On top of that, the game has some really great voice acting, great music and so far (2 Episodes) the story is amazing and the plot twists are breath taking.The bad in this game are few. Proformance is one. Despite having the cartoonish graphics, there are very few areas where my FPS drops to 15-25 and the rest of the game average fps is 45-55. The Quck Time action as Batman is nothing Special and a bit boring to me but it's just pressing the right buttons. Wish there were more bottons presenting different options/paths to take in the middle of the fight.Overall, best Telltale game I have ever played. And as I said, one of the best Batman games I've played."
,Not Recommended,498240,24691264,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,gw926w,"seriously what the hell is wrong you guys.Man i love telltales and i love batman,i was so excited that telltale finally made a batman game.But after all the waiting this a what i got ???A  game that i cant even play???Seriously i bought this game full price,and when i start the game what do i get? a freaking white screen wtf........And then i try to exit fullscreen and it worked ,but for some ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ reason i cant change tho resolution above 720p!When i saw all the comments about it being buggy and laggy i was a little bit worried ,but now i am ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because i cant even play the game (i refuse to play the game at 720p with tons of jaggies when i can play it 1080p max setting 60fps)Seriously i wanted this to  be good,but i cant even play it now,Give your paying costomers some respect and publish a patch asap."
,Not Recommended,498240,24687911,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Jim Moriarty,"So, from what I've seen it's good. However what I've seen is very little when I watch a slideshow. Game needs to be patched before being playable, which is very dissapointing as those who can play it have been quite happy with it. Well, time to wait for a pacth. Sigh..."
,Not Recommended,498240,24683809,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Pradyumna,Initially.. Was a bit buggy. Out of Sync Audio and weird lags. The mouse is all over the place. I played all the Arkham games on my PC without a hitch and also played Metal Gear Solid V so I guess my PC isn't at fault. It works better at a lower resolution than your monitor/graphic card. Let's hope they fix these issues.
,Not Recommended,498240,24688579,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dimitri,I Pre-Purchased this game and now im never pre-purshasing again like WOW when the police guy got shot it was all fine no lag no nothing then next scene BANG gordon is talking with his mouth closed like really please leave a comment if this is normal to tell tale and are we getting a patch or this game is now Arkham Knight before the good port
,Not Recommended,498240,24698163,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,🎈 🎈🎈🎈,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!i saw a lot of people have tehnical problems.... i didn't had any (GTX970)BUTi finnished full episode UNDER 30 MIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!WTF TELLTALE????U DONE ♥♥♥♥ED IT UP
,Recommended,498240,24737878,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Fid,"The plot thickens, someone added too much corn starch.This game, like most Telltale games, is a playable movie, so you get that extra bit of empathy that movies struggle to create.I've had no bugs or glitches so far, the only problem is that the game crashed once, so i lost all of 1 minute of gameplay. If you complain about the day 1 state of a game, stop buying it on day 1. Thats what i've done and its worked everytime.Overall, this game is fantastic and i can't wait to see how the story pans out.Edit: Episode 3 came out and i think whoever mapped the controls for the xbox one controller was a little drunk. For some reason right trigger and left trigger were switched so i can empathise with that argument. (Have been playing with 360 controller beforehand, which had no problems)."
76561198076069668,Not Recommended,498240,26485251,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,NewtonNextDoor,I CAN'T BELIEVE THEY HAVE NOT FIXED A + RT ISSUE OF THE XBOX CONTROLLER YET..  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
,Recommended,498240,26454185,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ShikenNuggets,"This game is fantastic. I've enjoyed all five episodes quite thorougly. There's not much specific I can say about the story without spoiling anything, but it does a great job of telling a new, interesting and mostly unpredictable story using the Batman IP, rather than just retelling a story that's already been done.Aside from some minor performance issues, I'd say this is definitely a game you should take a look it if you like Telltale style games and/or Batman."
76561198193603921,Not Recommended,498240,24685006,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,⍟Agent⌚Coulson⎊,"poor frame rates. Before every cut the screen freezes for what feels like 2 seconds, and hen cuts to the next part. Which looks very odd when people stop in the middle of a chase, or a helicopter freezes in the air. It seems like a really cool game, I say buy it. If it doesn't work on your pc, return it. Just dont play it any longer after you realize it doesn't work. Steam has a limit on how long you an play a game before returning it.Edit: So I returned the eame, and bought it again after they put out updates that are supposedly going to fix the issue. The issue with the game freezing before every cut is still not fixed. I tried to play in windows 7 mode, without anti aliasing, with high performance settings, I even tried the game in windowed mode at 800x600 and it still did not work. My graphics card drivers are up to date, and I dont have integrated graphics, and ive found no other solution to this problem. If anyone has any tips or suggestions, let me know."
,Not Recommended,498240,24690391,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,navi,white screen wtf
76561197989567477,Recommended,498240,24695189,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,[D-Budz]Rock,AMAZING! Can't wait for the other episodes. Ran perfectly fine for me.
76561198116262352,Not Recommended,498240,26476608,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Deathjester,"The story is nice, and the game plays at a steady 60 fps.But holy hell, the sound is sometimes completely out of sync.Sometimes when something happens (table breaks etc) there is no sound, and atleast 1 npc (ch2) talked but her mouth didn't move.It's a nice telltale game, but they should get rid of the darn bugs before shipping out the game."
76561198034353389,Not Recommended,498240,24699878,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,stelluhreyesthis,"So, i bit the bullet when i saw the steam reviews rise to mostly positive, assuming all the negative reviews on tuesday referencing a large amount of fps drops, glitches, and bad controller support were smaller than they had appeared. All i can say is, controller support is bugged, i cant get past the  first fight, the actual FINISHING move of the fights controls wont input. I pressed pause to see if the controls were mapped weird and upon seeing that they were normal and i returned to the game the characters had frozen (the game hadnt, the characters just stood in place, batmans fist mid swing, slightly swaying as if he was tired of holding it.) Last one because id rather go read a physical comic book, working condition, natch, i couldnt get the game to display in 1920x1080 on my monitor had to put it up on my big screen to work. Surprisingly no fram rate problems (gtx1070)"
76561198101552292,Recommended,498240,24697462,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,K_V_PLASMA,"First night was rough and could not get the game working, but when I tried running it again the next day it worked beautifully and another great story told by Telltale Games. I love it and excited for what will happen in the next episode. Also the voice cast is great.CR Fan"
76561198047492427,Recommended,498240,26215612,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Hughnór an Craite,If you loved playing the Bat in the Arkham series you're gonna love playing as Bruce Wayne in this one.
,Not Recommended,498240,24690956,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Hinata-kun,"The game is beyond broken. It lags so much that it doesn't even register my clicks and that is WITH trying to play everything on low settings. I'm a huge superhero nerd, so of course when I heard that telltale was making a game on batman I just had to play it. I bought it yesterday and had nothing but problems when I tried to boot up the game and play it. I tried every fix that I could possibly find in the reviews, but alas nothing seemed to work. I eventually gave up on the game and requested a refund after 34 minutes of registered gameplay and a serious headache.Before I get comments of ""it's because you're playing on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop"" save your breathe. I have every other telltale game downloaded on this laptop and they're COMPLETELY PLAYABLE. I even booted them up yesterday to see if maybe my graphics card was going bad and none of them lagged and they were on high settings as well.I'm not saying that I will never play another telltale game, becasue I plan to get my refund and purchase the IOS version, but I will say that next time I'll be more wary buying games in the future. I saw the mixed rating but of course bought it anyway thinking that people were just trying to play the game on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computers with a not so good graphics card. I was wrong, and I won't make that mistake again."
,Recommended,498240,24695546,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Piggy Smalls,I read some reviews and let me tell you that I have not experienced any issues. The game is running perfectly fine. I've only played the 1st episode (only one out at the moment) and I thought it was great.
76561198006360774,Not Recommended,498240,24687116,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,kitsunelobo,Frist off I loved the story line and the way things happen in it. The gam e play with the fight QTE was pretty solid but a litt wonk to get use to at first if new to the telltale games.but i have played other games in telltale and the chaperters are far far longer than what you get with the first episode. The writting is great and the way things fall into place with how you do things is kinda nice.That being said it all happens so fast your done in what felt only a hour maybe 2 tops.There needs to be much more content in these chapters to feel you can sink yourself into the story  and not  be left on a cliffhanger suddenly. I felt more  cheated like i just started and learning how the game worked and its now over till episode two comes out. The game for me was buggy around the the section around where the holo map was open but everything else was fine.  thats my only complaint there. Still  till they finish the story or have longer chapters to invest in you will likely end up like me feeling like you finished too early and felt a lack of distance traveled into this world thats be set before you. I still have high hopes for later chapters
,Not Recommended,498240,24691474,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,twitch.tv/rosuto4u,"Another Telltale game where your choices don't matter.Maybe I'll be proven wrong by the end, but their track record hasn't been so great lately. Here's looking at you Game of Thrones.EDIT: Just finished episode 3, still having plot elements shoehorned in, completely undermining my choices."
,Not Recommended,498240,24675930,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Salad Dodger,"Can anyone help find my missing frames?In all seriousness though this is unplayable, the mouse is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥to get where you want it to be, there are no graphical options and it crashes when I try to load the episode."
,Recommended,498240,28413222,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Andrew 林,"This review has no real spoilers, but I recommend going into this game blind, because the less you know about the story the better.Basic premise: This is an original take on Batman - the events happen before Gordon is even commissioner. Batman already has a reputation as a crime-fighter but the dawn of real crazy villains is just about to start...ProsGood story - with plenty of plot twistsNew original supervillain created specially for the gameOther familiar Batman villains make an appearanceExcellent voice acting - especially for Bruce Wayne/Batman and AlfredArtwork and cinematography is good - the final action sequence in Episode 5 is probably the best that TellTale has directed.ConsEpisodes 1 to 3 are plagued with stuttering issues.No way to skip cutscenesThe save/replay options seem worse than previous TellTale games. If you want to rewind you have to restart the entire episodeSome textures seem really low-res"
,Recommended,498240,24782967,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,iScrea̷̝ͤ͑ͯͮ̃m̨̡̬̺͜,"The game has win 10 fullscreen problem, but still awesome.Everyone can be batman, but there is only one Bruce Wayne.The choice he made makes batman a hero.We are not born to be who we are, is what we choose makes who we are."
,Not Recommended,498240,24687044,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,andryu180,"Game runs smooth  on my 1080, no fps drops ever and no graphical issues of sort. Story is engaging and gameplay is the usual Telltale gameplay, nothing new here. But I can't recommend the game as of now, due to a bug that almost completely ruined my experience. In several QTA situations, especially when the game asked to press the RT button (i'm playing with an elite controller), it simply didn't work and I had to randomly press other buttons until I got the right one. But I died a lot of times in the process and I really can't stand when I have to repeat a session of a game multiple times because of others' faults. I'll update the review if the issue will be solved in the next episodes, but for now it's a NO."
,Not Recommended,498240,26754975,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,marv,A Telltale lack of care for the PC customer.
76561197969886612,Recommended,498240,24991595,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Abah,"Absolutely amazing first epsiode. Loved it!No technical issues at all. Windows 10, running smooth and easy."
,Recommended,498240,25182534,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Crazy_Newbz,Good when you fix it!
,Recommended,498240,24674628,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tim,"Works Fine, great dialog in the first hour and the very fast quick time events is very refreshing!so far this is a great addition to the gaming canon of batman"
,Not Recommended,498240,25304206,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,KneeKicker,My review:Don't buy it till you see the reviews saying it's okey because this game is virtual getting anywhere from 27-10 fps in game (menu gets 60 fps) which really sucks.I am playing the game on a laptop 750m nvidia gpu.So it should run fine but it doesn't.I tried the nvidia control panel fix which involves adding the game through there since the game somehow uses your intel graphics instead of your dedicated gpu.The fix didn't work for me but it might for you.I would not recommend this game because it's a hit or miss.Some people can play it just fine and most people I see can't play it at all.Buy this if wanna take a gamble but not recommended.
,Recommended,498240,25198633,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,VigorousKilleR,"Fantastic game. It gives a deeper look into Bruce Wayne's struggle to be himself and Batman. Can't wait for the 2nd episode. Gameplay is good. Character development is good.Cons:The game was a little choppy on my rig and it's up to today's standards. Could be driver issues. The wait for the 2nd episode is too long! Other than that, no issues this far. A link to part of my gameplay is below. Check it out if you want. I hope it helps your decision to buy and is useful.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwSZRqW_f1g"
,Recommended,498240,28368263,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Technobreaker,"FIRST EPISODEFirst episode was a great start in my opinion. Felt like The Wolf Among Us. You get to see Batman's both sides. Brutal and detective. Well, brutality depends on your choice of course. Story seems good, interesting. I'm sure they will suprise us again as they did with the other games.SECOND EPISODESecond episode was absoluetly amazing! It conviced me that it won't be a boring story like I expected. Things got out of hand and a new villain has been introduced. The only negative thing about the episode was being short. I also loved how they put in more action than the first episode.THIRD EPISODEWow! Just wow! Third episode was a blast! Especially the ending! I can't wait for the fourth episode now!FOURTH EPISODEFourth episode had arrived too late due to performance issues but they hadn't fixed them. So, they lied to us AGAIN. Good job Telltale. Really good job. Anyway, fourth episode is way too short but it has Joker in it! I'm really glad they brough Joker in. Too bad his scenes were short, tho. I hope we'll get to see more Joker in the fifth episode!FIFTH EPISODEJust like the previous episode, it has arrived late. What a great way to treat your customers, right? Like every other episode, it has bugs, sudden FPS drops and such things. They've released a performance patch last week but it seems like it didn't do any good. I hope we won't get to see such problems in The Walking Dead: A New Frontier. About the episode itself... it was a good one. Not the best one, but a good one. I really liked the last fight scene with Lady Arkham but the episode in general didn't satisfy me. Ending was... meh. I can't say I'm hyped for season two but I'm sure it will be much better than this one.CONCLUSIONPerhaps this is the only Telltale game I didn't like that much. Judging by the other Telltale games, story was weak. It had some ""OMG!"" ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ How?!"" moments but they couldn't went beyond those. Gameplay was good, decent but it's really annoying to play with all those bugs and glitches. Plus, it wasn't optimized very well so get ready to experience a lotta FPS drops. I can't say it was bad, but it's not as good as previous games by Telltale. So, don't expect too much or you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,498240,25787453,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,IV a n IV,"I'm in love with this game.One of the great things about this series is the background story of the Wayne Family, something that remained in the shadows and not faced, or at least not properly. The possibilty to make choices and change the course of the story is very interesting and entertaining. A totally different approach and gameplay from the Arkham series.The coreography of some fight and assault scenes are simply fascinating.The plannings of the assaults while being Batman are purely awesome and they immerse you in a way never felt before. Something that I hope to see in other Batman's videogames and maybe even in his future movies.I've seen aspects of Batman and Bruce Wayne never seen previously and this is why I love this series.It's a game about Batman that we need and deserve.I'm anxiously waiting for the next episode."
,Not Recommended,498240,24677016,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,satchow,What's with Batman games on PC being so buggy?
76561197991651508,Not Recommended,498240,26220929,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,YouCantStumpTheTrump-QC,"I would in no way recommand this game.The usual Tell tale issues. Your choices don't matter. You might as well flip a coin to decide what's going on. If you like Batman, get it. Otherwise, stay away."
76561198084093091,Not Recommended,498240,28419093,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,kevamiller,"Horrible, un-optimized game that crashed several times to the desktop. I couldn't even see the ending because for some reason the propmts wouldn't respond to my presses. I tried with mouse/keyboard and gamepad with the same results. This engine needs to be replaced and it's completely unacceptable to continue to have these issues with such poor tech. I would look past some of these issues if the story was half way decent. Never in my life of 40 years have I seen such a pathetic Bruce Wayne & Batman. Sometimes average criminals beat him up and he needs to be rescued, other times your going to dispatch of a room of them no problem. They even find a way so that your Wayne Tech equipment stops wortking so that way they can slow this boring story to a crawl even further and drag it out longer.This a a far cry from the amazing Season 1 of The Walkiing Dead that got this company back in the light after horrible Back to the Future and Jurrasic Park games. Telltale as a company is not adapting or changing as they become more well known and get capital. Telltale is stagnent and money hungry for any hot license they can milk. In 2016 a team of around 240 people are apparently able to work on Minecraft: Story Mode, The Walkind Dead Michonne, Batman the Telltale edition and The Walkind Dead Season 3? So that's 4 titles a year at $25. So you're telling me A years worth of game releases that are buggy and look 10 years old should be valued at $100 for the consumer? Now it's off to Game of thrones Season 2 and Gardians of the Galaxy for them to ♥♥♥♥♥ out next and not respect the source material."
76561198203839563,Not Recommended,498240,26476963,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,TURBO FIST,"My initial thought was that Telltale would be the perfect team to make a game about Batman. The way Telltale has done combat in other games made me think they could create the perfect balance of action and story to make a real cinematic and entertaining experience as the dark knight. I was deeply disappointed. While the combat can be interesting and cinematic, the writing quality has been thrown out the window. The game lacks the choice and concequence that made other Telltale games so great. The game forces you to have a love interest with Catwoman even if you despise her character, many characters have been changed from their classic image in any other Batman series (how can you make the Penguin into a tall, thin, handsome, poor guy? Literally the opposite of what he has always been), and I found myself frustrated with how predictable many scenes were. I hated it from the beginning but played through the third episode in hope that it would get better. It did not."
76561198128707877,Not Recommended,498240,29818244,Posted: 9 February,all,BadVoodoo,"This review will change the moment TT gets their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. The game runs like garbage on the lowest possible settings and lags at EVERY scene transition. Im worried that TT may have completely stopped supporting this game to work on thier GotG game. If that is the case, ♥♥♥♥ you TT."
,Recommended,498240,28664277,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Officer Meow Meow Fuzzyface,"In short terms, it's an interesting take on the mythos of Batman as there's plenty of familiar characters but sometimes, the twist pays off.The bad news is that despite multiple patches, it's still prone to noticable glitches, a crash or two as the game seems to struggle with the engine itself.I'd almost narrow it down to the emphasis on combat scenes as The Wolf Among Us handles smoothly and even The Walking Dead manages to be bug free.I'd recommand this more to fans of Batman as despite the technical hiccups, Telltale delivers a respectful and interesting take on the Dark Knight and his crusade for justice."
76561198054686332,Recommended,498240,28860643,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,David,Another great Telltale game featuring Batman! There are some unique changes in the story and backgrounds of characters that have not been done before. The gameplay is similar to other Telltale games and now has detective mode features. There are fps problems that are mostly seen between transition scenes.9/10
,Recommended,498240,28741006,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ErinDwight,"This game is amazing. I really recommend it. Compeling story, good character development, amazing plot twists, and hype. It's a really good game."
,Recommended,498240,29937809,Posted: 15 February,all,Actual Luke Skywalker,What to say about this game if you are already familiar with telltale games this is more of the same.This time the adventure features Batman taking on the children of Arkham. A thoroughly great engaging story with a lot of the characters we love from the batman franchise. It took me good 8 hours to finish this adventure and i had fun from the first minute until the last one. I can completely recommend this game.
,Recommended,498240,28780343,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"Telltales best since The Walking dead Season 1. A gripping story from start to finish, that didn't feel too samey as a batman story. A few technical issues but nothing that took away from the story. Great introduction for a decent number of classic villians. If you like Telltale games, Batman, or both this is for you. Sure your choices don't matter THAT much but thats never been the point of telltale anyway. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,498240,28737037,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,tommosaur,"(Many early reviewers seem to have had many technical issues, i had two crashes to desktop throughout playing all episodes but besides that it ran silky smooth for me throughout, so my review focusses on the gameplay and storyline, not technical aspects which were fine for me)Overall this is a very solid season,and definitively worth playing,already for the first two episodes alone.That is also my main issue with it though:The first two episodes are great, among Telltale's best stuff so far, and some of the best twists in the Batman storyline (in the first few episodes), too.Sadly then i liked the later episodes less and less, it recovered some again with the latest one but never again reached the greatness of the first two, both in storyline and gameplay.I still enjoyed it enough to play through it all within a day, so yes, it's still very solid in the later episodes, too, just a bit sad it doesn't reach the greatness of the first two episodes anymore.Pros:In the first two episodes:-makes you feel like badass Batman-makes you feel like actually putting the pieces together in the investigations and doing the master plan for chaining together attacksand the actions during fights feel less like quicktime events in many cases-it feels like the best origin story so far for Batman-there's great dialogueCons:-Sadly in the later episodes it feels a lot less badass and more like standard quick time events and the investigations are less cool and more repetitive, too and i liked where the whole story and most of the characters went less and less as the season went on.____________Spoilers below_________________________almost final spoiler warning___________________________________seriously, you have been warned, best only read onwards after playing it.____________________________________________ok, let's do this =)______________________Gameplaywise, what i liked less in the later episodes of the season were that the actions felt more like typical QTE stuff (instead of forming a cool attack plan like at Falcone's hangout early on in the season) and the investigations felt more like connecting lines to come up with a simpleton obvious solution for the sake of it rather than piecing together a non obvious but interesting puzzle (as was the case way more in the first two episodes).Storywise:-So what's a great change to Bruce's origin storyline (compared to the most commonly used ones) is that Bruce's Dad was involved in lots of shady business with Falcone and other bad guys and had many enemies and normal people who didn't go with what he wanted put away to Arkham Asylum and more nasy things done to them there.That lead to the Penguin becoming who he is now, too.(And btw, very cool Penguin mask in this one, even if i like the penguin's characterisation and back story in the Gotham tv series way more overall, the mask here is great)So then Bruce uncovering the truth about his parents and the fallout it causes puts a very good twist into the storyline in the first few episodes.Sadly, i feel then they overdid it, massively.In the later episodes of the season too many bad guys were introduced in short timespan, giving them too few weight and worse, this plot twist was then applied to most of them, which took away all the interest in it for me, it sorta felt ""me too"" for each guy instead of with weight and importance it had in the first two episodes.Oh, yeah, Harvey Dent turned (fully) Two face because of Bruce, too,and Viki Vale sorta became evil because of Bruce's parents, too and well, it felt lame at that point.Viki Vale in general in this version of the story overall felt like a lame character to me and it was neither cool nor interesting to fight her. I felt annoyed they tried to mix in like 3 back story/reasoning storylines for her, it would have been much better if they focussed on one (what her foster parents did to her) and went with that and also didn't use a scare crow sorta mask and turning people crazy poison for her.(Actually it would have been best if she wasn't in the game at all)Not sure how much or not those parts are main Batman canon already, i feel like after watching so many different Batman related things i've witnessed many flashpoints/parallel universe storylines, but yeah, i've seen several other characters have similar dresses/masks/poison making people crazy type plans and so her whole character felt generic and was like the lamest implementation of those aspects.(For example Scarecrow in Batman in general or Jervis Tetch from the Gotham tv series was a way better version of a similar tactics using villain imho, in general most of the Gotham tv series' characterisations are way better than those of the bad guys in the later episodes of this game season).And how cool would it have been if they allowed to actually have a plot twist which really changed the outcome with one of the bad guys? Make two face not become two face or recover (besides his face) or have a more interesing outcome for the penguin (whose whole demise was pretty lame)Joker came off as kinda lame, too, if we wouldn't know what the Joker is about by now, the way he acted in this season was mostly just offputting but besides that like the most (weirdly) calm guy among the crazies. Of course likely buildup just to introduce him now and make him one of the lead villains in the next season, but yeah, interacting with him didn't have much excitement to it besides already knowing what he represents in the overall Batman arc.Overall it is weird to me that the whole characterisation of Falcone and solving his ""case"" was best in gameplay and storytelling, had the most interesting unexpected and well done story results and the best investigation and action moments.I also felt like it was boring and lame Catwoman/Selina Kyle went away the way she did, i would have loved it if they put a twist in that storyline and were bold to progress it further to the point where we could have catwoman and batman as couple and fighting baddies together for a whole season.Instead it was that typical Selina Kyle falling back to the don't care about anything much at all routine, lame and boring, also reduced any weight to any relationship buildup there.So overall for the storyline i feel like they trashed the great potential of their main twist to Bruce's family origin story some later on and some of the later plot twists and characters were boring and in other aspects they weren't bold enough to push the story further and to cool new places and instead rejiggied common Batman (villain) character tropes.And the your decissions have gameplay consequences aspect of course always can only go so far, but i would have far preferred it if they left out the whole Viki Vale part and made everything else better and more refined in the later episodes of the season and let all your decisions have actual more weight in the overall outcome.I would far prefer to play through a chunk again with different choices if i'd a) know there are bigger outcome implications and b) they would make it then easier to just play onwards from a certain decision moment.Anyway, enough rambling for now, in summary, i was a bit let down by the later episodes of the season, but the first two are great if not excellent in several aspects in my book, so just due to that, i look forward to the next season quite a bit =)"
,Recommended,498240,24802368,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,UnderratedRacer,This game or episode is awesome the only glitch I ran into is the codex glitch where I can't back out but aside from that the episode brought me into the story and kept surprising me like when spoiler alert: in the end alfred was like hiding secrets from bruce or something like that and it left me with a satisfying cliffhanger and honestly I can't wait till next episode but one of my favorite parts was when Silena and Bruce met and noticed who eachother were and This is why I gave it a good review also It had an interesting link mechanic that I enjoyed using and the battles were smooth most of the time!
76561198037480173,Recommended,498240,24785214,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Jernax,"As a big Batman fan I have enjoyed the game, only problems have been hitching every few minutes.Episode 1 has been very good so far.(will add to review as each episode releases)"
,Recommended,498240,28366380,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Mothoween,"When I first played this game, it was laggy, the qte were so buggy I would hit the key and seconds later it would show that I didn't hit the key, the dialogue wouldn't match up with the mouth movements,but,after many updates and after telltale has released several patches, this game is no longer the game I first played. It runs smoothly on high quality settings and the qte work fine. Now that this game is running at 100% I can definitely recommend it if you want a great telltale game (not quite as good as Tales from the Borderlands, though)"
,Recommended,498240,24716457,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Inyourfacebook,"After beating this I can say it's worth it for comics books fans.This will remind you of the batman year one graphic novel, but really it's an original story.What's good about the game is how you can feel the frusteration along with Bruce Wayne. The arkham games were about feeling what it's like to be batman and to glide and kick, this seems to be heading towards teaching players what it's like to be the man who keeps the movie tickets from when his parents were shot in front of him.  A big focus is on politics and harvey dent so far.That's all I will say without spoiling anything.8.5/10"
76561198113893273,Recommended,498240,24792206,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,jonathanlack,"Finally. I've been waiting for this game so long!From what I've played so far. I really enjoy how Telltale are going with Batman. I love the fact that we can choose to play as Bruce Wayne or Batman for certain parts of the game. I believe these choices could alter how the citizens of Gotham respond to Batman throughout the season.I also love the fact how you can link up with Catwoman whilst planning takedowns. Really cool feature.I won't post a full review at the moment as I believe it's a little too early to judge the series as a whole without experiencing all the episodes, but I'd definitely recommend it to any Telltale or Batman fan.Telltale,You've got me hooked again. Can't wait for the next episode. Keep up the good work."
76561198023894564,Recommended,498240,29868458,Posted: 12 February,all,Coach,"Another pretty decent quick time event game by telltate.  Story was fun to follow, enjoy the link mechanics for fighting.  Would buy again."
,Recommended,498240,24896844,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,OfficialHerst,"As i eagerly clicked my mouse over the large green button, I scanned the reviews written by my fellow gamers. I was anxious to read that many disliked the combat system; with many others facing hardware difficulties and hollow black screens.After a brief download and installation, I apprehensively opened this controversial game.What greeted me was yet another master piece by TellTale games.The detailed artwork and atmospheric music instantly filled my senses, the caped crusader did NOT dissapoint.What some had described as a difficult and tastless combat system, was more than excellent for me, with smooth, rythmatic combat sequences and beautifully designed scenes.A TellTale games BATMAN is another fantastic game released by one of our favourite story based game makers.An exciting portrayal of each character in a TellTale twist with a gripping story and beautifully illustrated artworks. Batman was definitely worth the 5 hours stacking frys at my local Mcdonald's. However, I demanded a refund after the colour ""rainbow"" was not a viable option for the colour of batman's gadgets. :(Story 9/10Characters 9/10Scenery and Artwork 11/10The ability to choose the colour of your gadgets 69/bukakeOverall, throw your money at TaleTale games as it will not dissapoint.10/10 would write a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ narrative to express my deep heart felt happiness at playing this great game again"
76561198246626546,Recommended,498240,28154403,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Jordo,"The game is pretty neat so far,I have finished up to episode 4 with no real significant lag or performance issues after I tweaked the settings a bit.As a HUGE Batman fan I have to say i'm impressed.After finishing episode 5, I was blown away at the ending and emotional pull between the characters shown throughout the whole thing. Another great installment to the Batman video game franchise.Highly recommend during a sale."
76561198309677760,Not Recommended,498240,24674383,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,GOKU NO PICCOLO,The game doesnt even work i prssed play and it doesnt open it just kepps saying preparing to launch and doesnt please help or i want my money back
,Not Recommended,498240,24675100,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Усы Музыченко,Bad.
76561197971710555,Not Recommended,498240,24683666,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Cens,"It actually is a pretty fun game once you get it to work, but it's full of bugs. Some of them force you to restart the game and lose a lot of progress. I don't have fps issues myself (Windows 10, 970gtx) but a lot of people do have them.Also controller support is completely borked. I really can't recommend the game in it's current state. Dissapointed by Telltale. Normally they deliver solid products, bus this time they seem to have been infected by the Arkham Knight for pc virus. Too bad."
,Not Recommended,498240,24712497,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Jaden,"I Want to enjoy this game so badly but the game is ♥♥♥♥ing unplayable, i have ♥♥♥♥ing 32 gb of ram and it lags at 20 fps, and the ♥♥♥♥ING CONTROLS ARE SO UNRESPONSIVE I WANT TO DIEEdit: Fixed Frame Rate by going in to windows 7 version, didnt fix controls, Want to die"
,Not Recommended,498240,24715928,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,therustybagel,"I have always loved Telltale's games and have never had performance issues with them before. I think I would enjoy this game if it weren't thanks to the performance issues that I'm having at the moment. With the low FPS rate I'm getting it makes this game unplayable. I am not thumbing down this game because I think the story is weak, I am thumbing down this came because of performance issues. Telltale will probably fix these problems in the future but for now it's a thumbs down for me."
,Not Recommended,498240,24739662,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,marmamic,Telltale please fix your issues - I'll rebuy the game...
,Recommended,498240,30023615,Posted: 18 February,all,WizBiz,"This game was great! I absolutly loved it!  Yet it does have it's flaws which I will mention quickly before singing my praises. This game is HELLA Short. Only took me 8 hours to beat the game reading every last piece of informatioon along the way. In that 8 hours, there was A LOT crammed in. Without spoiling, I felt there was too much too fast and did not have a chance to fall in love with many of the characters aside from Alfred, (But still no where close to the level of attachemnt I got from tales from the borderlands) Telltale: tldr, Too much in Too short. I would have loved more casual oppritinities. AND A CLOUD SAVE THAT DIDN'T DELETE AFTER THE SECOND EPISODE!Now the good things: Art style, voive acting (Really enjoy the voices of Bruce and Selina), as well as a likable story and what felt to me even more oppritinities (which is why I'm guessing it felt short), the character development of main characters, the music choice, the removal of the spamming QTE, the new QTE timing (felt smoother than in past games), the cool setting, the mood felt right, art style again, all the little bugs that make this feel like it's homegrown. I love telltale games. I think they are some of the most awesome ones out and am  pleased this ISN'T the walking dead.Side note, AWESOME story, I love the telltale spin on it! All the little details, all the big details... WOW! Awesome work!"
76561198056011480,Recommended,498240,28696852,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MusicKing23,"Batman: The Telltale Series proves yet again that Telltale can take a beloved franchise and produce an nerve-wracking and emotional story out of something already amazing.These five episodes focus on Bruce Wayne, instead of The Batman. At first, was unsure of how well Telltale would contribute to an already complex character such as The Batman. Telltale manages to dig deep into Bruce's past without feeling like a rehash of the origin story we've heard a million times. Instead, it dives into the story of Thomas Wayne and the mob bosses of Gotham City.As Bruce learns of his father involvement in the mafia, he plunges into a psychological quest to find his true self and clear his family name that the public has so attraciously disgraced. At first, I was not sure how I felt with the direction Telltale decided to go (I won't spoil the entire plot here), but Telltale delivered an amazing version of Bruce Wayne.I must say, that I believe this the best portrayal of Alfred that I've seen by an actor/voice actor. Michael Caine did a wonderful job of playing Alfred in the Dark Knight Trilogy, but there was something more that this version of Telltale brought to the table. I was nearly in tears during the final act, because of Alfred.Joker is included in this story, but not until the Fourth Episode. Unlike Leto, this Joker was entertaining and I was impressed by the voice acting. It's not Mark Hamill, but this voice actor does a damn good job.Performance wise, I did not have any issues. There were some frame-rate issues here and there, but I did not expect this game to be perfect.I'd gladly recommend this game to any Batman fan."
,Recommended,498240,28704015,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bambi,yis
76561197970345755,Recommended,498240,28735593,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,scoop20906,"What a pleasant surprise this game turned out to be. When I saw Telltale was taking on a Batman game I didn't assume they would break with the Batman cannon or make Bruce Wayne into a fleshed out character. He has always been a sideshow to the main event of Batman but in the game I found the choices that Bruce had to make far more interesting. Overall, I'm really happy I played this and am excited for whenever Season 2 is released. Another win for Telltale. Congrats!"
76561198033770766,Recommended,498240,28601073,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,D3@dl!n3,"good game, good game.as always from telltale."
76561198144588895,Recommended,498240,26756310,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jizzmo,Batman Telltale. I have to admit when I first heard about this game I was like are they stupid to think they could do anything good with batman in a point and click game. I was so wrong. Batman Telltale puts you in the boots of Bruce Wayne and Batman. When making this game they took a more realistic side to this game and they did a good job at it.Pros-Emersive story-You don't need an incredibly good computer to run it-nice quick time events-Love the desicion making (mostly)Cons-Some choices were very difficult-Some choices had the same outcome as the otherOverall even though it is alot differant to your average batman arkham games this one is definetely a fierce competitor and i would recommend it to batman fans and telltale game fans!
76561198044904452,Recommended,498240,29897960,Posted: 13 February,all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,fun title if you like the batman universe.
76561198025108206,Recommended,498240,28692405,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,m34ch,"I liked it quite a bit.  My favorite Telltale game since the first season of The Walking Dead.  Very interesting Batman story- I especially liked this take on Oswald Cobblepot.  The action setpieces were really well scripted, and the QTE based combat didn't bother me too much.  There were only a few choices throughout that I really agonized over, but overall I thought it was really great.PARENT WARNING-  my 9 year old watched me play a lot of this game, and I had to replay Episode 3 to make the... other... choice in a certain character's apartment.  Ha."
76561198027961805,Recommended,498240,30134149,Posted: 23 February,all,Bane902,"One thing that I HAVE to give credit to telltale for, they really tried to make a diffrent batman story and change some characters while still retaining thier original qualities, and it was honestly fascinating to see that even if there are some plot holes or plain dumb plot elements, the fresh telltale take on batman is something I think worth seeing for a fan of the character.Random tidbits :- Without spoilers The main villan plotline is the weakest and the dullest comapred to the other stories in the series, it's not untill the last 25 minutes in the last episode that they are given any true depth or motives that I actually thought were good but untill then its just a random unorignal masked guy who wants to do bad stuff. Also ""The reveal of the identity of the villan was so unnecessary and was just there as shock value, you can make the same story with an orignal character instead of Vicki and it wouldn't even matter""- I know that pretty much all of telltale games has the illusion of choice but in this game it's multiplied by eleven, A seemingly big choice like meeting a certain character as bruce or batman has no consequence and barely matter, its the same with 60% of all the other choices ""No matter how much you try to side with harvey he will always become two face even though you did everything that you could to prevent that"", by 3rd episode the weight of choices was gone and that's NOT what you want in a choices-heavy game.- I liked the diffrent takes on some characters , Penguin and Harvey in particular.- the game has a habit of ignoring and changing the cannon which can be an annoyance to some people.Enjoyed my time with it with all of its faults, not as good as other telltale's titles but I can still safely recommended it if you like Telltale new breed of adventure games or roleplaying as batman intrigues you."
,Recommended,498240,28686215,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kiwi,"What Is This Game?A cinematic, episodic, interactive viewing experience with classic ""point and click"" elements based on Batman's early years in a new, modern day universe not tied to any existing DC universes. Filled with dark plots, multiple choices to make, rendering important story details to your consiquences and actions, and simple gameplay. Basic Telltale gameplay with a strong story.The Good StuffFeaturing a mildly complex plot with each characters leading to the pleasure, or downcoming of another in a deeply dark and modern representation of Gotham City. Powerful crime leaders of different factions portray power and control scarily realistically as Bruce has to work alongside the threats made to Gotham and his family's past involvements with the building of the golden age of Gotham. (Crime boss) Falconey, (childhood friend) Oswald Cobblepot and (Mayoral candidate) Harvey Dent are the 3 main characters who make a substancial deliverance to plot in the first half of the 5 episode game. Each building the world Bruce lives in, teaching us of the wrongs of Thomas Wayne, building over Cobblepot's family's land for Wayne Enterprises funded by Falconey and other forms of dirty money, while Harvey plans to help clear up Gotham's wretched past of crime with future foundations. Unfortinately, Bruce is new to the fact Thomas Wayne dealed with dirty money, as well as secretly performing hideous actions towards the Cobblepot family. What makes this plot stand out is the demons Bruce faces; the unfortinate truth of the Wayne family, his own public image and the secret of being the Batman twisting his personality. This is the way a fresh Batman story should be told as more complex relationships and situations occur as the story progress, making each choice count somewhat fundamentally towards Bruce as a human being, as well as the Dark Knight. As other iconic, and lesser known, characters are intrduced, the plot only gets more complex and interesting.Visually, this game looks close to being a comic book brought to life. Vibrant colours, inked characters and an animated look makes this game look as visually pleasing as a work of art. Mostly unnoticed, the music holds some credibility to the Batman franchise in terms of what has been previously heard in Batman films, shows and games. The orchestial delivering mimics the likes of the 70's Batman films (which also play a role in some Lego Batman games.Of course, the game plays like any other Telltale game. This is welcomed nicely, since I'd rather focus on the interesting story to be told, rather than learning how to play. The game is slowly paced, focussing more on dialogue than action. There's still plenty of action, played as varied, easy quick time events with some brilliant new additions, compared to other Telltale games. In some cases, you can plan your next few moves then watch as your own way of dealing with goons actually happens. Not to mention, seeing Bruce Wayne pull some punches himself is a treat, truly showing how vulnerable he is as a human physically and mentally.The Bad StuffAnnoyingly, this game has performance problems. My computer can run many games, especially all Telltale games perfectly. However, Batman seems to have given my computer some grief. Frame rate drops, poor lip syncing, graphical glitches, character's animations bugging out, one instance of blue screen of death and various crashes have made this playing experience rather frustrating. If the story wasn't engaging, then I'd have left the game alone or got a refund.I should also mention; the quick time events and some dialogue choices are rather pointless. Some actions lead to no consiquences if missed or show no change in plot whatsoever. I insulted Harvey at one point, clearly trying to get on his nerves, then a minute olater he quickly forgot how I just told him to randomly kill someone for me. Not to mention, the story reaaaally wanted me to like Catwoman, expecting me to be like the majority of (stereotypical) Catwoman fans and wanting to start a false relationship with her or Vicki Vale, when both were predictabley evil in their own way I didn't fancy getting involved with. Yes, Bruce is a playboy millionaire, but Harvey, Gordon and Alfred are my bros. That's not to say I didn't like either Selina or Vicki. They're interesting in this plot, but their forced romance was unwanted by me and I refused every romantic chance I had with them. Yes, Selina's character is based on loneliness and unpracticed nature of friendliness and trustworthiness, while Vicki is a rporter getting a scoop in any way she finds works, but they both just seemed annoying and made for some awkward and stupid circumstances, messing with other character's thoughts on Bruce, despite my aim to be truthful and innocent in the matter.ConclusionThis game really makes you think more of Bruce Wayne than Batman. Your choices made have weight on either Bruce as a person, or Batman as a hero. Choosing to be more of a hero as either person is what drives the events forward. That is genius, since I found myself playing more as Bruce, exploring his inner weaknesses and attempts at keeping a positive public figure in respect of dramatic events towards himself and Gotham. The city is basically Clementine from The Walking Dead Season 1, as you are it's protector, or it's undoing. Not only that, but learning of the corrupt past of the Wayne family, and how they effected the state of Gotham today is more than interesting. While the bugs made the game nearly unplayable at random segmants, I'd still recommend this game, purely for it's fantastic narrative and likable characters."
,Recommended,498240,29933023,Posted: 14 February,all,SScorpio,"The game still has some performance issues where I had it drop below 60fps on a computer that should have no issues running it.  I also had issues with the cloud save as I did with Game of Thrones, so be sure to use a local save instead to avoid losing your save.Besides those two issues the game was really fun.  It seemed like a great ""what if"" story tossing things you knew about Batman aside to create an exciting new story, without devolving into the mess that is the Gotham TV show.The first episode is free, so give it a shot. Worse case you end up buying it for full price because it has you hooked."
,Not Recommended,498240,29926063,Posted: 14 February,all,Superman,"This was an in depth and thought out game…. After that it goes off the rail.  The game mechanics, the graphics, the sound and the cinematic immersion are all that seemed to make this game playable after the first episode.  I am an avid batman story lover and I couldn’t quite understand what made telltale or the WB approve of this story (that’s in my spoiler review).This game says at the beginning of each episode that says that “your choices tailor the story to that play style”.  But at the beginning video of the episode with the recap it didn't show my previous choices.  It changed the video from what choices I had made had made.  WHY? I had noticed that by the start of episode 3, and also the dialogue in the episode also reflected a choice I hadn't made when referencing the previous episode as well.  If the game did tailor the story to my choices then why didn't they carry over?VERY BAD GAME PLAY MECHANICS TELLTALE!Don’t get me wrong telltale puts out a lot of great games and makes them fun.  However this game breaks the very first thing going into a episode.  If the choices don’t matter then why make them?  There are no “consequences” or story “development” based on them.  This just seems to fall short of a choice based system.  Telltale just make it a movie game instead of choice driven game.   It looks great, and then you will not have to put forth the effort in into the choice system and we would be happier for it.No choices have led to any consequence.  Only rebuke when we make the choices from other characters at the time.  This is a story driven game with condemnation when the story teller deems it fit to take issue.  Chopping up a story to add a choice is not a choice.  It’s still a story with a pre-defined outcome.  We are in the golden age of games.  And games are stories, if it this were a game that just had a predefined outcome I would have given this a better review.This is not a choice based game, action and consequence go hand in hand, and this game had none of that.This part isNOT A SPOILER FREE REVIEW!Look at the spoilers to see a more detailed account of the story and where I believe telltale went south with the production.The story seemed like they wanted to craft their own story and did so most of the way through but by episode 2/3 it seems to have been hijacked.  And just went completely off the rails.Don’t get me wrong.  They wanted to make their own story and they did.  But at the expense of all that we have known of the Wayne family and Batman.THOMAS AND MARTHA WAYNE AS GANGSTERS!  How in anyone’s right mind would you allow for this go on?  99.9999% of all Batman stories depict them as good and virtuous people.  I was hoping for the vindication of their story but no.  This is a horrible plot device to change the narrative of Bruce/Batman’s back story to make an arc as a plot device to keep the story going.  HORRIBLE!  They should have been vindicated with an investigation on the video to clear their name at some point.  That would have made Bruce’s return to Wayne Enterprises more significant!The many continuity errors are too numerous to mention.  So I’ll list a few that are still fresh in my mind.In the first episode we meet Regina Zellerbach, who by the 4th story we’ve had many interactions with.  There is no finalizing of the arc with her.In the first episode I chose not to break a guy’s arm, and later with Falcone I chose not to beat him up and just hung him from the building… like I thought Batman would do.  However later LT Gordon says we’re on thin ice because of my “brutality towards criminals”!!!  WHAT THE ****!  This is when I took grave offense to the game not recognizing my choices or carrying them forward.  This is not a little issue, I should have earned Gordon’s respect not his ire.I chose to go as Bruce to mayor’s office yet Gordon told me that I went as Batman and that was uncalled for?  WHAT THE **** AGAIN!I was at the point in the story where Bruce was in Selina’s apartment.  I had made a choice to brush away the cat and the cat ran out of the room pushing the door open to reveal Bruce in the bedroom, and I chose to apologize to Harvey to Selina’s dismay.  I had to leave the game shortly after that point and restarted the whole sequence again.  So with that opportunity I chose to brush the cat away and chose not apologize to Harvey and told him it was none of his business.  WHAT THE ****!  Not only did the cat also open the door again, but Selina didn't rebuke me and I also got the same reaction out of Harvey!  WHAT THE ****!I can’t say it enough.  This is NOT A CHOICE BASED GAME!Also there was no explanation as to why Bruce was reinstated as CEO at the beginning of episode 5.  Was his relationship Regina the fundamental reason he was reinstated?  Was what he said to Regina going to keep him out at CEO?!   At what point do the choices you make consequences to Bruce’s life?  Would he be CEO again if he hadn’t been nice to Regina or Oswald?Again way too many continuity errors to count.  These are just a few that I remembered without going through the gameplay and taking notes.  I looked over quite a few to give the game latitude at times, but the ending and incomplete secondary stories just made me want to rush through it.The main villainVicki Valedid make for a good mystery.  Again by sacrificing another main character to Bruce’s story.  Why oh why is that a good thing?REALLY TELLTALE!?  If you’re going to make a game based on choices and can’t deliver any kind of story that supports those choice.  Then next time when you make a game like this.  Look at the mechanics of it and if there are no consequences for choices,THEN DON’T MAKE A GAMEPLAY PROMISE THAT FALL SO SHORT OF THE MARK THAT ANY DECENT AUTHOR OR CONTINUITY DIRECTOR CAN TELL YOU IS WRONG!!!I bought this game on a sale which is the only way I would recommend it to anyone.  Overall I give this game a 2/5.  I cringed at the story and I was hoping for more and never received vindication as to my choices, or resolution.  This game just seemed to lack a continuity and was poorly finished.  I certainly couldn't recommend it to anyone to buy just on those grounds.A message to telltale:Don’t make promises at the beginning of the game that you can’t back up.  I don’t have an issue with you making money, but don’t take on something that you can’t finish or polish based on promises of gameplay.  Maybe hiring a continuity director or a good author who actually takes all the choices into account would make you a  better a product in the end."
,Not Recommended,498240,29972119,Posted: 16 February,all,VermiVermi,"I bought it because I thought it would be like Borderlands: with a cool story and soundtrack. I found both pretty shallow. I didn't really like the gameplay either: creating those links is just boring, not sure why there is so much attention to this feature. I'd say that you should buy the game on sales only, don't pay full price for it.P.S. The most annoying thing is guilty face for Bruce, he looks like a child who doesn't know what to say almost the whole time (even when I respond something not that nice)."
,Recommended,498240,28697119,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Piscian,"I dont wanna give this a purely good recommendation because it wasnt great. It was slightly above decent. If youre hoping for a band new Story in the Batman Mythos this isn't it.Pros -Gameplay is great for an adventure game like all telltale gamesOnce the Story gets going it definitely is entertaining until its doneCons-Buggy animation - It would constantly jitter and my game crashed twiceStory is somewhat lazy - I would have liked Telltale to come up with a new story, this is a reimagining of batman from the ground up but its very unique. They just switch a bunch of roles and it borrows heavily from Batman Begins and Mask Of the Phantasm. Unfortunately they already setup Season 2 which will just end up being Joker and Two-Face stuff. You could argue that villain was technically new but it just felt incredibly ""been there done that""."
76561198317912650,Not Recommended,498240,28800099,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ronfar,"I wish I could give a ""maybe"" as an answer to if I recommend this game. I can't say in good faith that I would recommend it, because as a big Batman fan (reading the comics for like 20 years now), the story just didn't seem to fit correctly. I would make choices that I thought made perfect sense for Batman/Bruce Wayne, and the game basically ignores them a lot of times to run on the rails of the story. It was like I'd choose something... Harvey Dent would flip a coin.. and Batman would do something I didn't expect from my choice. It just didn't really feel like my choices did a whole hell of a lot in tailoring the story to my decisions.The ""gameplay"" was also pretty annoying sometimes. I'd rather just sit and watch the fight scenes, rather than getting distracted trying to hit the on-screen buttons in time. I missed action parts because I'd have to look at the controller or keyboard to make sure I was hitting the right stupid button. Which sucked.The graphics were pretty cool, and there were some things I liked about it... but not really enough for me to have enjoyed it more than I got frustrated with it. So, I'm going to pull the same thing as this game when you choose what to do, and get some unexpected bad action when you thought you choose a good option. Blame Harvey Dent's random coin flip, if it makes you feel better, but this guy gets a Not recommended from me."
,Not Recommended,498240,29986282,Posted: 17 February,all,Rafalfa,"The stenght come mainly from Batman universe... such a charactere, always my favorite hero.Howeaver, I must admit that this game is not very well optimise technically and also suffer from a very very  low lifetime.Do not invest 20€, the existing content (5 episodes) deserve 5 €."
76561198009381204,Recommended,498240,26274852,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,RexTenebris,"The game I needed, not the game I deserved. 10/10 from a bat fan!!"
76561198111902879,Recommended,498240,25450958,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,fred.lauk,"GREAT Telltale game !Some new and good features for the caped crusader, a good story.Remarquably beaufifull. You can't dislike if you are a Batman friend !"
,Recommended,498240,25451304,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Alecus,"Episode 1 Review - A great start to the series. Without spoiling too much, Bruce Wayne is way cooler than Batman in this episode, though there's plenty of badass Batman scenes.Episode 2 - The moral choice at the end is hard to do. There is more action, which is cool. The story also starts becoming very different from a normal Batman story in this Ep.Episode 3 - Huge plot twist at the end, good action sequences, really cool villains get introduced. And everything goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥for Bruce Wayne.Episode 4 - JOKER. And Arkham Asylum. And Two-Face. And Penguin. And tough choices. And action. And basically more awesome Batman stuff.Episode 5 - N/AI'll update this review for each episode."
76561198123756863,Recommended,498240,24781753,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Plum.PmT,All I wanna know is when episode 2 comes out
,Recommended,498240,25561708,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Johnny Laredo,"By now,  everyone has had a chance to have a take on Batman.  That Telltale is able to give us a good story is a minor miracle really.  And, despite being familiar with the characters, the story is interesting and moves along well.I personally don't have a problem with the Telltale version of gameplay.  There may well have been major revisions to the engine and gameplay from past games, but it seems similar to me.  Neither the artstyle, the graphics, or the game mechanics take away from what is an engaging story.The art definitely is in the Telltale style (cell shaded outlines), but it looks beautiful and the Batman armor looks and moves great.If you are expecting action gameplay like in Arkham Asylum, or, alternatively, want a completely unique story based on your individual choices, you will be disappointed.  This is a good Batman story that, while influenced by your choices, still stays true to the logic of the plot and characters.One quick note about Gordan.  Though early in his career (he is a Lt.) he already seems somewhat beat and at the end of his rope.  It is an interesting choice.  Rather than the action Gordon who can ninja fight like the best superhero, this guy is closer to a heart attack over whiskey at a local dive, or over a tv dinner.  I like it, and I hope they develop him more"
,Recommended,498240,26685146,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Aulë,For those Telltale Games Fans this is a must have
,Recommended,498240,24788225,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,r4kasha,"When it's about The Dark Knight, I will play and I will enjoy no matter what genre the game is.. But this kind of Batman is the batman I'm looking for to experience.. The question is who will be the adversary? Penguin or Joker... again?"
,Recommended,498240,28469100,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Batmon,A very unique take on Batman's story. Well worth it for any batman fans out there.
,Recommended,498240,28739871,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Fool In A Man's Shoes ✓,"Well done TellTale, you have done it again.My only past exposure with the Batman Universe was with Arkham Asylum and part of Arkham City (never got that time to finish it) and the combat, missions, and exploring the open world was fun and all; but it lacked thehumanaspect of Bruce Wanye behind the mask... er... cowl. TellTale's interpretation of the world of Bruce Wanye/Batman was well emotional andphysicaldriven ride, as I felt like was in the shoes of the masked vigilante and the playboy billionaire.Can’t wait for the sequel and how this John Doe guy is going to wreak havoc on Gotham…But for now, it’s time to see how’s little Clem is doing… o wait~9/10[/b]"
76561197972447870,Recommended,498240,28499102,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Elipsis,"Worth playing if you like Batman. As others have mentioned the original take on the characters is guaranteed to surprise you. Worth it for that alone I think. Performance issues are significant regardless of your system. No matter what kind of hardware you've got you have to put it on medium settings for it to run even kind of ok. A lot of the complaints people have about this game are valid. Still, well worth the money in my opinion and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Hope they make a season 2."
,Recommended,498240,28747228,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,10/10 would barfight with catwoman again.sorry harvey.
76561198140813038,Recommended,498240,28878566,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Oggod,"A solid new take on the story and lore of Batman albeit Telltales formula is losing its touch but the story, the voice acting and the decisions you can make to change the game are addictive especially if you love BatmanAlso I only purchased the game after all episodes and patches were released and no performance problems to speak of on my mid range system."
76561198006657755,Recommended,498240,28663714,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jackyboy,"There are many good Batman games out there, some are quite awesome.And yet so many of them leave out Bruce Wayne. This one does not, this game has you playing both as the Dark Knight and his alter ego the billionaire playboy. And you know what? Being Bruce never felt this great."
,Recommended,498240,29845385,Posted: 11 February,all,Cybereus,"*Note I've played the entire game in offline mode I wanted to write a review so I left it going for 15 minutes so I could write this Review.*(Pro's and Con's will be at the bottom)*So for the spoiler free part.* More or less the game is pretty solid it takes a unique take on an already crowded field of Batman mythos. Did I enjoy my experience? Yes? Was I at some points frustrated? Yes. If you're expecting a typical generic Batman game, or story you'd be wrong. There are a lot of things that you won't expect, and will catch you off guard. I don't know how to really feel about finishing it. It wasn't short, but it wasn't long. The story was interesting, but it wasn't groundbreaking. The game I guess was an average experience for me?*Spoiler part* So some of the things that bothered me were the liberties they took with traditional characters. Arkham Lady I suppose would be the obvious character to point out. I mean I guess Vicki Vales character was alright in the role, but for the roel Arkham Lady was supposed to play, why didn't they just use Scarecrow? I feel that's what she was supposed to supplment, and I guess the character did alright in the role they did a better job concealing her identity than Arkham Knight did. I guess my next complaint would be with the Joker? I mean he plays such a minor role in the overall narrative I guess I was disatisfied at the backseat role he played here. Cobblepot? I mean he was alright. He was a supplement for the Joker (who was playing a backseat role), and for Anarky who didn't show up in this game either. I guess my biggest problem was the Thomas Wayne being a Villian arc. It was uneeded? It was there purely to stir up drama, and while the game was rather frustrating and you feel frustrated. The rumors are substainated and it kind of delegitmized Batman's backstory? You find out Thomas Wayne was a villian and his family was knocked off because Martha was going to rat out Thomas,... I don't know. It's not terrible? I just wish they would've just kept with the original narrative.Pro'sMusicStory's entertainingSemi-SatisfyingArtCon'sPerformanceGameplay (It's not terrible but at some points it feels like you don't even need to press anything)Art"
,Recommended,498240,29969764,Posted: 16 February,all,ノア,"Telltales Batman Surpasses all expectations. The gameplay, especially the combat QTE are terrible but the story is memorable. To see the fragile souls of Batman and the Villains are a new approach and really caught me. And another plus, for the first time in a telltale game, the voice acting is good."
,Recommended,498240,29021313,Posted: 4 January,all,Le Epic Quack ಠ‿ಠ,Not as gud as walking dead
,Recommended,498240,29837895,Posted: 10 February,all,BCaulfield,"Well, well, well I admit I am so shocked. When it first came out, it was like a disaster like Arkham Knight. Everybody -including me- doubted Telltale that they can't make such of great story about Batman. Oh boy I was wrong, damn wrong. Telltale screws up sometimes you have to agree on that but if they keep doing things like The Wolf Among Us and Batman, they'll come to a great stage. I am pretty sure about it. So I know what you're gonna ask: ""Is the optimization fixed? Does gamepads work? What about story?"" They're all fine. Story is so grim and cool that even better than Arkham Knight BUT their storylines actually look-alike. Still, character backstories and world of Gotham is better in Telltale universe. What's really bothered me is modellings. While Harvey and Gordon is way too bulky when Batman is skinny. What the hell? I can understand Gordon, I mean he's a cop he might do trainings in early years but Harvey? He's a damn lawyer. Bothered me way too much I know. You should give it a try. Seriously I was expecting it to be worse. Telltale proved me wrong. I am glad it became that way."
76561198002450835,Recommended,498240,29996137,Posted: 17 February,all,Nutlaw,"Game screwed up my save synch and doesn't allow one to skip scenes or sections, so it forced me to replay half of the first episode. Very displeased about this. Strongly recommend disabling cloud sync within the game.With all of that said, the game really is quite good. It's not much of a game, no more than any other Telltale Games effort, but it's a very solid story. As good as The Wolf Among Us, these guys seem to do especially well with DC properties and detective stories. Very engaging. Lots of impactful events and surprising turns.There are some graphical issues (one scene where Bruce's head is sideways) and story inconsistencies due to choices made that I would think would have been addressed by now.Also, Bruce Wayne looks exactly like Archer."
76561197994655360,Recommended,498240,28884342,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Endymion,"This was a nice, short andt typical Telltale Series experience.Set in a mature Batman setting in his beginning years it tells a compelling story, I really enjoyed. A lot of the classic Batman characters are introduced and portraited well, with the main antogonist being someone unexpected.The choices you have to make are mostly ones between going to point A or point B first and how to respond in dialoge.  The Gameplay is purely reduced to QTEs though with 3-4 ""detective"" scenes where you combine evidence for clues.Technically I haven't had any issues as mentioned by others, there was only a small loading stutter between scenes that was a bit annoying and broke my immersion.I do recommend it on sale and am curious if there will be a season 2."
76561198031560874,Recommended,498240,25673776,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,theloxsmith,I love the twists they're giving to the villains.  Hope 3-5 continue with the surprises.
76561198125962555,Recommended,498240,25298398,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,bennyblanco,"This game is amazing, it runs perfectly fine on my PC without any issues. The story is super intriguing and its very refreshing to see Batman through the eyes of Bruce Wayne since we dont see that very often. I cant wait for the release of the next episode and definetly recommend this game to any Batman fans."
,Not Recommended,498240,24674396,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,pcbl4ckw1ngz,"At its current state- what an abomination. My system should be able to run this, yet it's laggy as hell and keeps crashing at the opening scene. What the hell, Telltale? And to make it worse, for some reason the game defaults to integrated graphics."
76561198096009207,Not Recommended,498240,24675061,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,rdmartin67,Its a mess. Controllers (steam controller and mouse) don't work and it keeps running into errors. Fix IT!
76561198045862505,Not Recommended,498240,24677227,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,MBeeni,"While a lot of the issues of extremely high-end PCs having issues have been fixed, considering this game's art style it is optimized like absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ How can I run Battlefield 3 on Ultra and get a contsant 1080p60fps but then this struggles to even keep 30fps when looking at the Batcomputer? I am enjoying the game but I cannot in my right mind recommend it when so little effort when into it's optimization."
,Not Recommended,498240,24675184,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,mcclarysg,Cantt even use controller DO NOT BUY GAME!!!!!!!!! I REPEAT DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!
76561198008730591,Not Recommended,498240,24676210,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Wiltronic,"Changes resolution to 1600x900 and to fullscreen, constant white background and can't do anything to fix it10/10 would play the white knight series again"
,Not Recommended,498240,24674626,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,[TMS]Baco,"Don't waste your time, the game is poorly optimized on PC and there are areas where I had to go through the main menu because I got stuck. I am going to refund it."
76561198122648634,Not Recommended,498240,24676754,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,achristofi,"I seem to be having the same problems as everyone else. Low FPS, audio out of sync and laggy mouse. With other telltale games I just turn down the screen resolution to solve mouse lag, but this doesn't work here. Waiting for an update before I even attempt to play it. It's irritating that Telltale won't acknowledge any issues."
76561198139161062,Not Recommended,498240,24712892,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,DragonJ.246,"The Most un-workable game in the history of Telltale on my Windows 10, maybe they should take a step back from the HD-laggy side."
76561198044013814,Not Recommended,498240,24737440,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,HeyGuysItsMeRob,Runs extremely poorly. Nothing new to say here.
,Not Recommended,498240,24675207,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,JJoa74,Resolution bugged to hell
76561198001118755,Not Recommended,498240,24675245,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Vergil,At it's release the game's more dead than Batman's parents. I couldn't even launch it properly.
76561198046419339,Not Recommended,498240,24676195,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tesamino,Same issues as everyone else
76561198123193216,Recommended,498240,28105295,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,viperae,"Amazing. Obviously, the graphics and fighting don't hold a candle to the Arkham series. But this game wasn't designed to be compared to the Arkham series. It's not a fighting game. So if bashing skulls is all that thrills your soul then don't even bother. It should be in a genre like DIY build your own batman or something. Its a chance to make a batman like you think he should be- to correct some of his faults (in my belief unjust mercy and no regard for his personal life) and to pursue the things you love about him, like his undaunted moral code. It forces you to make hard descisions, ones that you may not like but you have to be able to live with. And it even goes to show you things about your self, seeing as how we treat the weak and the unjust says very much about us. Wouldn't be much fun if you're under like 15 or so I imagin. Its one game where the M for mature means more than violence and language. Its a choice making game. Tons of fun for me."
,Recommended,498240,28964742,Posted: 2 January,all,Ranixus,"This is a great game. Don't pay attention to these people who are hating on it - make up your own mind. If you love Batman, and if you love a bit of a fresh look on his story and the characters in the DC universe, then it's for you."
,Recommended,498240,28993014,Posted: 3 January,all,PlayMaker,"The game is a classical telltale series sequel, but with addition of a few interesting concepts that I came across my first two hours of gameplay were the ability to link events and plan the attack and shift+q at combat. However, if you are looking to purchase it and you have nvidia just be ready to experience some issues like white screen, because game doesn't work in fullscreen (the quick fix is alt+enter and then change the in game resolution to your current one, if you need to boost fps, change your resolution on desktop by right clicking and then change the in game one to the same value). Moreover, I don't think it is very compulsory to include to click E to like start up the car. There are some good choices even in the first episode you should look out for. Hope I will not have to edit this..."
76561198096145661,Recommended,498240,25321927,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,gsparks1247,"I don't normally write reviews. I waited awhile to get this because it was reportedly glitchy, but having finally played it, I'm glad I did. The story is captivating, and we get to see more Bruce than usual. I definitely recommend it and can't wait for the next chapter!"
,Recommended,498240,26741898,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Storm,"First four episodes have been great so far, haven't ran into any problems or performance issues."
76561198308767788,Recommended,498240,29964028,Posted: 16 February,all,LuLu,"A game with a rich story for a person who like to lay back and just enjoy a movie game. What atttract me to play the game is the choices that are made available for us to choose (even though it wouldn't really affect the ending). On the other hand, this will be the improvement that need to be done by Telltale Series as well to really give impact on the decision that the player had choosen. I personally would not minus a mark for the weakness of the game that I have mentioned because what matter the most is that we enjoy the stories in the game because it's a movie game anyway."
76561198055228878,Not Recommended,498240,29980295,Posted: 17 February,all,Keeg,I downloaded the game to find out that it does NOT support windows 10. It has an option for windows 7 or 8+. When I open the game it says the system doesn't support it.Honestly I wish I could get my money back. NOT worth it unless you're using a computer from 2009.
,Recommended,498240,29939157,Posted: 15 February,all,Shady,"Batman - The Telltale Series10/9- Awesome Batman game based on Bob Kane's Batman comic book series.- The first telltale game, where the alter ego (Bruce Wayne) is more interesting than Batman... and I like it!Pros:- Cool story- Nice graphics and design- Charismatic characters- Plot twists- Good controlsCons:- Some little bugs, but It's not a big deal.The Batman - Telltale Series, is my second favorite TellTale game, after The Wolf Among Us."
,Recommended,498240,25270288,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Josama Bin Laden,Writing at release of only first episode.Playing this game was like watching a interactive Batman film. Without spoiling anything you can choose how brutal you want to be. This game easily lives up to Rocksteady quality game as well as Telltale's own legacy at storytelling.
76561198299392602,Recommended,498240,25465427,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Íslendingur,There were some technical issues realese day but after the update but after playing 15+ hours i really do recommend it.
,Recommended,498240,30024236,Posted: 18 February,all,LiftedLorax,"Another strong linear storytelling experience from the Telltale crew. It's up to you whether you make decisions from a pre-determined perspective (such as going all out to be the most brutal Dark Knight possible), or whether you go with your gut. One of the things I really love about the Telltale series is how, if you do play from the heart, the protagonist becomes a reflection of you - and how you react to the character that emerges can be quite revealing about the way you feel about yourself. Deep.A couple of quibbles about this title: there's no option to have multiple save slots, so if you want to replay and explore different choices, you'll lose all your data (including choices and overall moral compass breakdown) from the first playthrough. This won't be an issue for some, but for those who feel a sense of attachment to their personally-crafted Bat, this may be annoying at the least, especially if Telltale bring out a second season in the future and you can't get back your original choices.There is also an (ahem) action sequence where the - how do I phrase this without spoilers? - movement and mapping of characters' mouths just isn't up to the activity at hand, and it's visually clunky to the point where it disrupts the experience. Telltale have always done a brilliant job with choreographing naturalistic body language and nuanced facial expression, including in this title, so it's really jarring that a crucial story element involving physical interaction between two characters doesn't seem to have had the care and attention paid to its execution that it deserves.Finally, *what* is with Penguin's accent? Part East End London,with a significant detour to outback Australia and finished with a light sprinkling of Mancunian, it's definitely up there with Bert from Mary Poppins in the annals of terrible ""British"" accents.These are the three things I didn't like about this game, and in the grand scheme of things, they're fairly minor. Telltale have delivered another immersive and gripping storytelling experience where, very often, the best you can hope for is that the choice you go with is the one with the least devastating consequence, and you care about the outcomes of your actions. Action-oriented gamers might find the mostly passive gameplay frustrating or dull, but I really enjoyed the six or so hours I spent wearing the Batman's cape (figuratively speaking), and found myself thinking about the choices I'd made, and the potentially different experience I could have had, long after I'd finished.A solid addition to the Telltale portfolio that carries a strong insinuation that a second season is to follow..."
76561198304784004,Recommended,498240,25364305,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,SkyCraft223,very laggy and takes up lots of space but iw is still fun to play!!
76561198061728984,Recommended,498240,25559248,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Debellatio,"Very good vibe. I've just played the first chapter and it's really good. The story let you be the good ol' Batman, who thrives to be a shinning knight, or a more brute, violent Natman, who brutalizes the victmis.Besides, you also live as Bruce Waybe, as you try to help the city with your money, not only by punching thugs.I bought with a discount and I think that up until now, even though I've played only one, it was worth the price.If you are a real Batman fan, it is worth the time. As a telltale game, it's also a good game."
,Recommended,498240,33747255,Posted: 23 July,all,Astore,"Another Telltale Game, as the name states this time with DC's Batman. The most interesting part for me was to experience the man behind Batman, Bruce Wayne. The politics, the trust for his friends and the background made the decisions really comlicated for me. And that's how it should be. Some other telltale games lack this kind of dept in my opionen.On the downside, though not really a fault of the game itself, is that if you know one or two things about the DC universe you already know what happens to a certain character, just by the mentioning of his name. This affected my decisions more than once, even though the ""player"" could not have yet known this.The other thing is that my computer hat some annoying loading times during quick time events, that is of course in part to blame at my old hardware, but surely in part to some weird scripting/programming issues.Will play again given the chance.Finished in about 8 hours, with more or less 1,5 hours per episode with a full of 5 episodes."
76561198001245186,Not Recommended,498240,26295064,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ich,"This game is really disappointing.In three episodes they managed to get my past choices wrong twice already.So on top of being the most boring and streamlined choice-driven storytelling game I've played so far, it doesn't even respect my choices."
,Recommended,498240,33595211,Posted: 16 July,all,*WKS*Zunalter,"Overall a very enjoyable entry in the Telltale series. The fighting and detective mechanics made the gameplay more interesting than other Telltale entries. The only thing I didn't like was the more than subtle class warfare story arc, I will refrain from getting more specific than that for fear of spoilers.However, story qibbles aside, it was a great game that looks poised to have a very interesting second season."
76561198120188609,Recommended,498240,33565729,Posted: 15 July,all,Joanne [MY],"Awesome game, awesome story! Lots of amazing fight scenes! Looking forward to Season 2..."
76561198079547495,Recommended,498240,28907317,Posted: 1 January,all,Hanwombat,"I only bought this game a few days ago and already have completed all five episodes.Thoroughly enjoyed this game - great dialogue, great story and with the ending I am really hoping that they'll be a season 2 at some point.Thank again Telltale"
,Recommended,498240,33586159,Posted: 16 July,all,bekal8000,Batman: the political issuesyou want politics story with batman? then this game is really suit for you!
,Recommended,498240,28160446,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,SerHolmes,"After 2 purchases and refunds of the game, I picked it up once more after Telltale announced a performance patch. Keep in mind that I have played all of the Arkham games except Arkham Knight and I must say that so far this game has been one of the best Batman experiences ever, even if it's just mindless QTEs.The performance of the game is pretty good after the performance patch, I have a 830M with an i5-5200u and 4GB RAM, aka not a really good laptop. I ran this game at about 5-10fps before the patch which resulted in my 2 refunds, after the performance patch however, I'm running this game at a decent 40fps+- average with occasional dips. <Edit: FPS ranges from 30 to 50, sometimes even 60 at times.>The story itself is wonderful, it's an interesting take on Batman, Bruce Wayne and all of Gotham City. Can't wait to see the finale of this series.The gameplay is pretty much the standard of a TTG game, QTEs, decision making, etc etc. However, one gameplay feature that I find quite remarkable was the linking of two clues to form a conclusion, then after concluding all present clues, Batman will provide a full explanation of the events. This really focuses on the World's Greatest Detective aspect of Batman although this feature can be improved upon.Episode 5 was a blast! It really intrigued me, while this game has it's flaws, it's really a wonderful game for story telling. I had hoped that the other foster kid was going to be Robin, though it was this hope wasn't satisfied. However, I'm hoping and am ready for a 2nd season if they do make one, as am I waiting for a 2nd season for The Wolf Among Us.8.5/10"
76561198035826399,Recommended,498240,28714732,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Southey,"For an overall view of this game with all episodes, they kinda felt a bit short.Being my first TellTale Series game it was entertaining with the mixture of combat and choosing what you want to do. Though some choices felt forced within the story i.e no matter what you chose it didn't have a huge impact on the story.The villain identity was a interesting choice and i didn't see coming, the children of arkhams leader, though felt that character's back story didn't have much to it.The Visuals work perfectly and was one of the main reasons i got this game, a comic book character in comic like game, unlike the arkham franchise they go for a realistic look/modern look.Overall i recommend this tell tale series ,  it worked very well as a batman game especially the detective side, the combat was good but this franchise is more of an interactive movie."
76561198134901514,Recommended,498240,28609750,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Raven02,I've never more emotionally attatched in my life. I will always love telltale games
,Recommended,498240,33687403,Posted: 20 July,all,snar snar,"Get ready for a 7 hour movie(That has ocasional qucik time moments that keeps you on your toe) if you do it all in one sitting which i would suggest! It was a enjoyable story, i just wish there was a way to skip to the next since or make Batman move faster cause some parts of the game are painfuly slow when you peace together a crime since!!!"
,Recommended,498240,26289912,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Deertown,SO HAPPY THIS GAME IS A THING! tellatale tells great storys and this is one of them that iam very happy to play
,Recommended,498240,28718142,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hellscream,very deep story of batman and waynes family
76561198028537759,Recommended,498240,28491810,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,trikk,"The game is not perfect. It has some glitches and I think the saving mechanism is bad, but....I really enjoyed it. I think the QTE could be a bit better but the immersion is great."
,Recommended,498240,28499522,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Private FML,Ran into a few glitches (final choice from episode 1 was not correct in episode 2) and occasinal crashing.Overall though it was another entertaining interactive story from Telltale. Recommend for anyone even slightly interested in Batman.
,Recommended,498240,29107126,Posted: 7 January,all,Safiriaxo,Telltale never seems to dissapoint. Keep up the fantastic work.
76561198067875773,Recommended,498240,33568972,Posted: 15 July,all,zercalo.ivan,Bets of the Bets!
,Not Recommended,498240,28970200,Posted: 3 January,all,Hawki_ice,"DO NOT USE CLOUD SAVES!In fact if you cant play this game untill the end just dont bother, Lost everything lost all my choises no options to select what choises you made complete and utter waste of time!"
76561198068227864,Recommended,498240,24675680,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ジョーカー34,"В Batman – The Telltale Series будут рассказаны параллельно истории и Брюса Уэйна (озвученного Троем Бейкером), и Бэтмена. Обе они будут развиваться в Готэме, но не пересекутся с уже существующими сюжетными линиями, отражёнными в фильмах и комиксах. На этот раз действие развивается через несколько лет после того, как Уэйн принял на себя роль борца со злом и несправедливостью. Как и во всех играх от Telltale, здесь многое основано на выборе игроков и принятых ими решениях, но есть и существенное отличие – главный герой здесь выступает в двух образах, и обоим персонажам – и Бэтмену, и Уэйну — уделено приблизительно одинаковое количество времени и внимания.Когда Бэтмен с кем-то дерётся, игроку необходимо вовремя нажимать кнопки (или их комбинации), дабы уворачиваться от ударов или наносить урон врагам. Никакой нелинейности и вариативности здесь нет, зато некоторые нажатия можно пропускать — я не один раз путался в кнопках, однако всё равно всё засчитывалось. Как ни крути, было бы глупо, если бы какой-то тощий бандит убивал супергероя из-за пропущенного QTE, поэтому такое решение разработчиков более-менее понятно. Да и наличие уникальной для игр Telltale механики накопления ярости немного сглаживает впечатление. Если выполнять QTE одно за другим, значок летучей мыши в углу будет заполняться, и со временем персонаж сможет нанести врагу добивающий удар.Плюсы: хорошая завязка, после которой хочется увидеть, что будет дальше; отсутствие отсебятины и почти полное следование «канону»; увлекательные игровые моменты; большое внимание к деталям.Минусы: скверная оптимизация; возможность безнаказанно пропускать QTE иногда всё же сбивает с толку."
,Recommended,498240,29105042,Posted: 7 January,all,DANNY,"- Interesting plot & characters- Finally optimized and steady framerates (stuttered pretty bad during initial release)- The new Telltale engine looks great and runs fluid- Good mix of storytelling, combat, and detective workGood stuff"
76561198258035992,Recommended,498240,29104783,Posted: 7 January,all,xiao明,"This game is awesome, I finish the whole game after 5.5 hours Immersing in the BATMAN's story. To tell you the truth, I really wanna play this game over and over again if i got time somehow,To see all the possibilities of BRUCE WAYNE.and of course to see all the possibilities of myself."
,Not Recommended,498240,34138228,Posted: 9 August,all,Wise,"Bugs, bugs and more bugs.there're so many ♥♥♥♥ing rendering issues it's ridiculous. literally,alfred's hair is flying around the screenandgordon's glasses are floating aboutbut ofc that only happens when the entire scene itself isn'treplaced with a black screen or some random still imagethrow in somemicro stutteringand you've got yourself a piece of trash.http://imgur.com/a/96fr3idk if im allowed to post links but that's an imgur of my bugs"
,Recommended,498240,30153045,Posted: 24 February,all,OSIRIS,this is the best batman game ever from the stroy perspective  but the gameplay is not that goodso the story 10/10the game play 7/10
76561198193627886,Recommended,498240,28442878,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,rafael.porsani,"Best Batman game, EVER. And one of the best Batman stories I have seen. Though some people are complaining about the graphics, the game ran perfectly in my machine from beginning to end and graphics are stunning. Either Telltale fixed the graphics issues or these issues are computer-related."
76561198036561843,Recommended,498240,28437848,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Owlflame,"Fun story, well told, well handled. Lots of fun."
76561197995304586,Recommended,498240,28457638,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Groulzar,Awesome game!
,Not Recommended,498240,34137448,Posted: 9 August,all,Captain_Cannibis,"Game started out great but when I made it to Wayne Manor Harvey Dent started talking and as soon as he started talking to me I was treated with a wonderful view half way through the floor looking at legs of people that started poping in and out of the frame. Then it would keep going black when (I assume) it went to look at the charcters for a close up shot. I waited longer and thought it was okay when the scene changed and I saw a car drive up... NOPE, it went black again as soon as the scene moved back inside. I can hear everything going on but other than that not much... I have been trying to find a fix that works but no luck so far."
,Recommended,498240,34155730,Posted: 10 August,all,utemp,Мне очень сильно понравилось покупайте ... 9.5 из 10 ( 5 % баллов не поставил потому - что короткая )
,Recommended,498240,34199254,Posted: 12 August,all,Benji,cool and good
,Not Recommended,498240,29849913,Posted: 11 February,all,ExecutorQ3,"So...I have to say i generally like TTG (haven't played TWD3, cause i know it's not worth it - thus i can still say that) and i thought i has been a long time since release and they had a lot time to fix lagging issues.So an hour ago i bought this game.And just few minutes ago i issued my first refund, because this c**p is unplayable.The game is smooth UNTIL there's a screen transition (cut) - every one of these takes from 1-2 seconds where you see still picture, hear music playing like there's something happening and after that freeztime you realize there actually was something hapenning.I've been trying to fix this s*** for and hours (not getting past the intro with 4 goons) and i'm sick of this. If you're gonna publish smth as unplayable as this, fine, but leave me out of it. I'm way beyond past the required system spec and i cannot still play this ""interactive movie"" because all the lag just makes me sick and p****d...The story might be good, but i don't care anymore. I don't care if graphic is s**t. I'm used to play games on the worst settings because for quite some time i had prehistoric PC. And i enjoyed those games, as long as they were without some serious lags...But playing something that goes from 60fps to 0 because there's a cut... just no! Not even if this was the last game ever.(and even if i ever get curious about the story i can just watch some ""lets play"" for the story - not like there's gonna be much difference... it's ttg)NOT RECOMMENDED."
,Recommended,498240,34261886,Posted: 15 August,all,Dimension Five,"Solid story telling going on here.  A few plot points are a bit weak, but overall the narrative is quite good.  Familiar characters are reinvented just enough to add a healthy dose of intrigue into characters very familiar to most at this point.  Its a Tell Tale game, though, so your choices will all take you to the same place eventually.Technically the game has some serious performance issues and bugs.  One entire sequence where Bruce was talking to Alfred his mouth never moved.  These type of bugs pop up more frequently than they should.Overall this is a very solid Tell Tale story, hurt by its technical short comings.  Buy it on a discount and I think you'll find it a good use of your funds."
,Not Recommended,498240,29033039,Posted: 5 January,all,Simbiat,"It's not a bag game, but to me it shows how TellTale games are starting to lose something.Firstly, the story. I did read quite a few Batman-related comics (and DC in general, even though, I am more of a Marvel guy). I know some of the stories there could be a bit silly, but nothing major, usually, since they were able to entertain you on several level. Here... It's just average. Most characters are underdeveloped, as well as their relationship, except for Bruce<->Alfred, which takes a lot of screentime and makes Bruce look like a total baby, while in comics he was an actual man, childhood trauma or not, close relationship with Alfred or not. Using Alfred as ""bait"" is too cliche, too. Relationship with Harvey lacks background and they seem more like partners, rather than friends. Relationship with Selina is too simple, while in comics it was quite more complex and fiery. The story also likes to reuse same noticable locations too often. And in general it could use some more grit, and we know already, that TellTale can, actually deliver it.But, story flaws aside it's not that bad. Average, but not bad. And it does suit the gameplay. I especially liked the fight scenes, one of the best QTEs I ever played. ALthough I still do not see the point of that shiny bat symbol. Detective scenes could have used more polishing, like allowing you to come to wrong conclusions and affect the story, while now, you won't be able to move forward unless you match them all correctly.Now, my main beef here is technology. It's lacking. Muddy blur in some places, especially blurred Steam's overlay (in 4k in Windows 10), ignorance of some of the choices, broken necks in some scenes, stuttery animation and (rarely) delayed sound, several random crashes, when the game just closed itself, clud sync getting broken and needing restart... I think TellTale should have focused on QA a bit more. Perhaps getting the production on a conveyor is affecting the studio slightly. I saw some minor precursors of this in earlier games, but Batman turned into a pinnacle of them for me.So, marking it as non-recommended, in hope, TellTale will notice and take a small step back in order to polish this conveyor and give their following games a bit more... Personallity. Soul.Once again, not a bad game in itself, but I know TellTale can do way better if they try."
,Recommended,498240,26708810,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The Harbinger of Winter,"The recent episode has made every Telltale cliche worthwhile. Telltale has always had trouble diversifying choice in early episodes. It was true of The Walking Dead, Game of Thrones, even The Wolf Among Us. That said, Batman has seemingly made up for this lack of branching pathlines by making you feel more connection with your choices, much in the vein of the early Walking Dead episodes. You know your choices may not affect the overall outcome of the situation, however, they do allow you to create your own Batman. With so many conflicting personalities amongst the comics, movies, and shows, Batman is a character that is very differently interpreted based on the source. The story is also written incredibly, if cliche every once in a blue moon. One flaw may be that the combat is much as simple as that in Game of Thrones where it was hard to fail. That said, it is not impossible, and you can sometimes question whether you even SHOULD fight or not. In more specifics, the game did quite a number of things right. Instead of having some diatribe about his tortured past and origin story, the game instead starts off with Batman busting a heist. This is a remarkable move of audience recognition on Telltale's part. When they do mention the origin, it is merely glanced over at best. That's about all there is to say for episode one however, as the rest becomes very exposition-centric. Episode two manages to squeak in a few exciting moments here and there, although, it all is relatively simple next to the grandiose finale. Following this up is episode three, the best so far. With a slow but compelling start, the episode quickly picks up pace, with every moment feeling more and more tense leading up to the most recent reveal *spoilers*spoilers*spoilers* If Telltale does well with the next few episodes, they may have garnered an expanded audience and retained those straying after the mistakes of previous installments. Well worth the relatively inexpensive (and much appreciated in the world of AAA 60-100 dollar games) pricetag.EDIT: Adjusted score based on final episodes.Graphics: 9/10Gameplay: 8/10Story: 10/10Score: 10/10Mechanics: 7/10Overall: 8.5/10"
76561198207035852,Recommended,498240,34251454,Posted: 15 August,all,◄§Hayan►,Fantastic Game!!!
76561198092984697,Recommended,498240,32819000,Posted: 26 June,all,Atlas,"Telltale told us a good story (didn't give us meaningful choices as always) but I liked the story.I was annoyed by the bugs tho, like none of the TV screens were showing any images, just sound or when in an intense battle it didn't show what I had to press thus making me die several times...There was this one bug where at an emotional moment Bruce's head was behind his back the whole time and made the situation much more interesting, also sometimes he's starting to just glitch around but that wasn't that big of an issue.6/10 glitchy telltale game with no real choicesIf you like Telltale games I recommend it, but expect bugs and glitches."
,Recommended,498240,34456891,Posted: 24 August,all,Sneikk,Beautiful game..i like how i got to know Bruce Wayne more.Besides a little lag..everything was so good.I love it!
76561198007812404,Recommended,498240,34460143,Posted: 24 August,all,Aquarius,"This is one of the best TellTale Game that I have played. It has some top notch voice acting with the likes of Travis Willingham and Laura Bailey lending their voices to major characters, while the plot is continuously changing. The desicions you have to make impact the story in a big way and by the end, you both care and despise certain characters in equal measure.With Season 2 coming up, you need to get on the Hype train, because it is likely to be big!"
,Recommended,498240,34280538,Posted: 16 August,all,HandsomeJack,"As always TellTale never fails to amaze with its own unique genre of games, with engrossing and gripping storylines.Batman is probably the most popular superhero in the gaming world and everyone is familiar with the world and all the side characters in the Batman universe.While the Arkham series is all about Batman, this game is mostly a story about Bruce Wayne. The Arkham series is about bashing criminals, this game introduces you too all those villians in as way as you have never known them before, long before they became the bad guys in Arkham series.The game throws surprises at you every now and then,like that meeting with Joker felt so chilling, creepy andout of the box. This game has corporate politics, crony capitalism, nepotism, crime and corruption and you are the spoilt billionaire brat involved in all of it. As with any other TellTale game, I cannot talk more about it, without possibly spoiling its plot.The game does suffer from some graphical hitches, although it is not always noticeable and the old TellTale engine has started to show its age, but TellTale games are all about the Rich Epic Lore and such minor issues can be forgiven."
,Recommended,498240,34280988,Posted: 16 August,all,ElkTastic,"Good. No doubt, good.Was more Bruce Wayne instead of just Batman, but would consider that a good thing, don't get to see much of the Wayne story in Batman games.Anyway, do reccomend. Play it, might have a go again myself :D:"
,Recommended,498240,28672868,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mithras O_+,"Nanananana Batman!Story game about the caped crusader, sign me up! :DPros:Gameplay is simpleVoice Acting is goodDialogue is well writtenGraphics are decent, in the usual telltell style of gamesInbetween:I just do not know how to rate the story, i would not say it is bad but it would have been nice to see more of the popular villans of the franchise. However, saying that the story is interesting enough i just feel it could have been better D: (dont kill me)Cons:During the first and second chapter there  is this annoying slight delay in framerate everytime a scene or camera angle would change but in the later chapters it does not happen. confusing :/Overall enjoyable game but would like to have seen more of the villans we know and love involved in the story7/10Possible teaser for more chapters? As DLC of course $$$"
76561198202071893,Recommended,498240,34277774,Posted: 16 August,all,moarbrainsplz,"I enjoyed this game. This is my second foray into Telltale games, the first being A Wolf Among Us, which i absolutely love.some reviewers seem to feel this game isnt as fun as it should be and i think it's both unfair and wrong and heres why.When those reviewers say it doesn't feel fun, what they mean is that there isn't as much action as they wanted. Thats unfair because the action isn't what this game is about. this game is about the story, thats why such a criticism is wrong. I will admit, as a comics fan and Batman fan, i and the public at large have come to have certain expectations when it comes to Batman. We are after all, in an enbarassment of riches in regards to all things batman: new comics, new movies, better toys and costumes, more art, good video games across multiple platforms. but just as there have been multiple incarnations of the Joker from Romero to Hamill, there are different Batman  and different Batman games.So if you want the super deep experience with action galore, maybe this game isn't what your looking for. I suggest the Rocksteady games for you, dear reader.If you like Batman and you like a good story, this is a solid choice."
,Recommended,498240,34321390,Posted: 17 August,all,Mister Shine,"Like it a lot, didn't love it.Plenty of technical hiccups. Inconsistent frame rate, choppy action, a few choices didn't seem to carry over correctly.That said, REALLY liked the story and characters. Played with expectations very well and I liked my control over Batman/Bruce Wayne. You can absolutely play him as his 'canonical' self, or you can put your own spin on him. Strongly recommended if you can get it on sale, otherwise think about how the technical issues I mentioned might annoy you. I'd say go for it either way but that's up to you."
,Recommended,498240,34851794,Posted: 9 September,all,🐦 AestriaL 🐦,"As a batman fan i loved this game! Telltale games are so great because the fact that the choices you make can change the story line. The story is about the life as Bruce Wayne and as Batman in Gotham City. It has a lot of good content that you should try! If you love telltale games and batman i don't see any reason not to buy it! All the episodes are great as well! I finished it once and i would like to finish it  twice because it will never get bored! If you also like this type of game you should get this one! It's so well-structured and with a story that makes sense during all the game! I totally recommend you this game! I can't say anymore about this game, it's just perfect. I promise you it will be a good purchase! I beated this game in 8 hours without stopping and i can relate that it was awesome! I  haven't played Batman: The Enemy Within but i watched a little bit of gameplays and it's just perfect as this one! This franchise got only two games but it's better than some others! These  are great as well! Just buy it! And if you can, try to get this game on sales! You can get more information about the story on Wikipedia! Hope i helped you and good luck, gamer! *This review doesn't talk so much about the story it's just me recommending and telling you my experinece with it*"
76561198062921833,Recommended,498240,34528229,Posted: 27 August,all,Hannibal Barca (bonniciwa),"I am actually not a fan of tell tale games. BATMAN tell tale however IS AMAZING! The story is compelling, visuals are great, and the parts where you actually press buttons is interactive and fun. Instead of just doing mundane things like finding batteries and bandages, like other tell-tale games i have played. This was very enjoyable. Each episode is more of a movie then a game. If you go in just expecting a few good batman movies. Then you will definitly enjoy yourself.I will definitly be a future batman tell tale series epsisode buyer!!!!!"
,Recommended,498240,34400439,Posted: 21 August,all,Kjeerim,"For real, never thought that telltale would make a game with one of the most worldwide know character. So we're here, with telltales Batman. The story about Bruce Waynes past and finding out what his father done in the past. The Catwomen and Batman line,from enemies, to loverswas really intresting, fun to watch and suprising at all. The fast action in the story, hard choices and some really kind of suprising moments in the game. I would really recommend the game to all Batman fans. I've got some nice time with this game and I don't think I'll love the telltale game as much as i loved the Batman one.11/10 heavily recommending this game to the batman fans and the newcomers."
,Recommended,498240,34164376,Posted: 11 August,all,pygmy.shrew,"As a Batman fan it's always tough going in to new Batman games with that weight of expectation you put upon the creators. Are they going to ruin my version of Batman? Are they going to retread storylines that I know because they're ""good"" and most people won't have heard them?Telltale have played a masterstroke with this 5 part series, able to introduce new fans to Batman and the universe he's from, but also able to surprise old fans like myself. The first episode plays a little conventionally, almost boring on first view. But then you get to the end of that episode and everything changes. Batman from the comics, or Batman from the films, this is not...and it's a good thing!"
76561197980042183,Recommended,498240,34182317,Posted: 11 August,all,BzZuG,"I always wanted to get catwoman in bed , loved the story ."
76561198032586501,Recommended,498240,34226391,Posted: 13 August,all,Victus,"I just finished a full playthrough of Batman.  It was a very good game.  I enjoyed the story, the voice acting, and the art design.  There was only one instance where my choice and a character's dialogue did not match up, but it was minor and not immersion breaking; this happened on an episode recap.I put off buying this game for quite a while.  I have read about the major issues with the game.  With Steam's refund policy, I bought the game on sale a few days ago and took a chance.  I enjoyed the Telltale games I've played in the past and I enjoy Batman games.  Through my playthrough, I did not encounter any game breaking/immersion breaking bugs or glitches.  The game ran as good as Telltales' previous games.  The only frame drop I saw was when the game would load the next scene, which happens in quite a lot of games I have played.This review is based on my personal experience playing the game.  It worked and played as intended.10/10 will put Catwoman in the friendzone again."
76561198017885836,Recommended,498240,34267929,Posted: 15 August,all,Aigle de Feu [QC],One of the best TellTale game so far!!!!
,Recommended,498240,34173283,Posted: 11 August,all,Hex,"Batman - The Telltale Series is a great advancment over the other Telltale games. I felt that the choices I made in the game reflected on the progress of the story. Not to mention that the choices from this game are later transfered to season two. Lots of places where the game could be improved, however it was definitely worth buying."
76561197983859597,Recommended,498240,27359544,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Temos,The story starts off a little slow but with each episode they add much more substantial choices and twists to the storyline.
,Recommended,498240,27354244,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IM FKIN BORED SAVE ME!,"If you where disapointed by suicide squads joker this year, episode 4 may interest you. Haven't had any glitches like other people said. And its a good story."
,Recommended,498240,30313044,Posted: 4 March,all,Kaiser_Sechs,Шикарная игра с шикарным сюжетом и легендарный темным рыцарем...Жду вторую часть ;)
,Recommended,498240,26745255,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Nasieda,"The game has its + and -.I like the original view on Batman's story and you are quickly caught up in it, trying to help Bruce.What bugs me is that the episodes are rather short and sometimes I would appreciate more decisions or harder gameplay, for example when you are scouting crime scenes."
,Not Recommended,498240,24674072,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Pewdiepie (aka Adolf Hitler),"Lots of bugs and no Xbox One/Xbox 360 gamepad support.Won't touch this game until it's fixed.What the hell, Telltale? That is definitely a bad launch for you."
,Recommended,498240,35378517,Posted: 1 October,all,Flik-N-Rupert91,"Fantastic game! Highly recommended to all Batman/Telltale fans, a must play. Graphics, voices, soundtrack and story is top notch with a fresh new twist, do not delay - play today!  If you enjoyed this then season 2 'Enemy Within' is a must play as well! Can't wait to see how my story unfolds! Excellent work once again Telltale. :D 10/10"
76561198097885180,Not Recommended,498240,30140318,Posted: 24 February,all,The Deep Friar,"Well, that was terrible.The story is ridiculous - it completely rewrites what's been established so far, not in an interesting way, just for nonsensical shock value, without adding anything worthwile of its own. With the potential offered by the entire Batman mythos, this is the best they could come up with?We already have the ARKHAM Knight, who ALSO turned out to be Bruce's close friend, who ALSO wanted revenge on him for blah blah blah.The choices don't really matter - save for a single choice near the end, every other ""consequence"" is superficial at best. I even had characters react as if I made choices I specifically did not make. And worst of all,saving Harvey Dent, arguably one of the more important choices, only keeps him from having his face burned, he still flips out and acts exactly like Two-Face - so no real point in that, is there?.The animations are laughable - everyone walks around like they had no joints, though Batman shuffling across the floor is good for a laugh.The only good thing about this game are the graphics (for the most part) and some of the voice acting (I don't think Troy Baker can deliver a bad performance). Some of the QTE sequences can be fun, but they're few and far between. Most of the time the control inputs look like they were put in because the developers remembered they were making a game not a movie. The detective scenes had potential, but they seem very underdeveloped.I really liked previous Telltale games, I was so confident in them I pre-ordered the season pass, but this was just terrible. All it succeeded in doing is making me consider playing Arkham City all over again, for the third time.Oh, and this has to be the worst Joker ever adapted."
76561198124317237,Not Recommended,498240,24770086,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,aBo_rigin4l,honestly if you release a game make suer it works properly. I have a up to date pc that runs almost anything on max setting without breaking a sweat yet this game is bug ridden and you can barely play it. my mouse is limited to this small box whenever the setting are at their highest setting. i expect so much from telltale because they're one of my favorite studios and my mind exploded when i heard that they were making a batman game but to se the hero and icon i admire treated poorly and be given this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game is awful. the story might be amazing only problem is i can't play it because the game doesn't work......
,Not Recommended,498240,29916708,Posted: 14 February,all,beN,"As a big fan of both Batman and Talltale games i'm a bit disapointed with this titel.dont get me wrong. the game is worth playing - But it is very buggy!i had entire episodes where voice lines from certain characters are simply not spoken so it was nessesary to play with subtitles of you just miss important parts of the story.the animation also felt really odd for a telltale series, weird head and eye glitches cut of movement and model animations that just seemed poorly scripted.6/10 - and therefore a bad taste left behind.feels a bit like some parts of the game had been out souced or simply rushed."
,Not Recommended,498240,28466017,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,cach.e,"I started playing Batman with great anticipation after having loved ""The Wolf Among Us"". And it started out okay. Ep 1-3 was quite good, if not to the same level of The Wolf Among Us. However, the last episodes drastically dropped in quality, and there was very little in terms of any feeling of achivement or satisfaction. There was no epic crescendo at the end, where you got to feel badass as Batman. Instead you're almost beaten to a pulp by a crazy girl in a home-sewn suit. That did  not feel very Batman, nor played on the whole ""Dark Knight""-fantasy.TL;DR Good start, poor finish, leaving behind a feeling of incompleteness."
,Recommended,498240,30522803,Posted: 15 March,all,Cihan Serter,It is a okay game which you have to think it as an alternative Batman storyline.Also game has some buggs and performance issues.
,Recommended,498240,25347661,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Saul,Amazing episodes so far but I dont undstand why so negetive reviews i dont see any performance issues.
76561198083278573,Not Recommended,498240,30208825,Posted: 26 February,all,Nomicoe,"I wanted to recommend it just like I do every telltale game.. But this is where I draw the line.. Its Batman. How do you ♥♥♥♥ up Batman? And Idgaf about glitches or bugs, they fixed a lot of them anyways. But the story is just so forced, and the choices they give you make me want to cringe.. Its either dudley doo-right, or rich ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... Thats it.. Combat has some upsides to it since you do get to strategize how you fight. But it only happens 2 maybe 3 times.. so idk.. Get it if you find it on sale, but honestly, as a huge fan of telltale and all theyve done.. Im really not impressed."
,Not Recommended,498240,24758699,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,GreyWarden,"Not recommended. Very poor FPS and huge lag, my laptop can run modern games in medium settings easily. This game astonishingly doesnt even run properly, even with the update. Story looked good for the time i played it,but such poor FPS makes the initialcatwoman fight unplayable almost."
76561198006271588,Recommended,498240,24756117,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Raptor,Great start and story from the beginning. Can't wait to play the second episode already!!
,Recommended,498240,31094353,Posted: 12 April,all,Nickarino,"Spoiler FreeTL;DR: Game is good, story is nice. Performance issues present on high-ish end computer. Leaves you feeling like they could have fit more in.The game is great, loved the story. The choices, unlike other telltale games felt like they ment something, choices behind choices that wouldn't have been avalible without a specific choice. That being said, some choices are completly meaningless, one in particular either way you try the game forces the story through one one side of a choice regardless of your pick.The Joker, a brilliant Batman villan, is not used forthisgame - it's like the devs decided not to use him this game and try and use him for a sequel after writing him into the game. This makes the game end with you wanting more - and not in the 'I can't wait for the sequel' way, more so the 'Thats disapointing' way. This game could easily be givent the Minecraft: Story mode treatment and given god-knows how many episodes but they probably thought they could make more money doing a series two.The game suffers from gitteryness, the game lags on my PC which can run GTA V on full and have a steady 60 FPS. This problem occurs on any setting in the game's graphics options. This problem is ignorable most of the time, however it did cause me to die once. Rage quit followed. But..Would I recomend this game? Yes. It is good. 7/10 from me."
76561198028151176,Not Recommended,498240,29901349,Posted: 13 February,all,Melons™,"Went through ALOT of hassle to get the game running after a couple of errors. Installed a DirectX update, didn't get the game going. Installed a Windows Update and received another error. Disabled Anti-Virus and it got the game running. yay. I go about playing the game and (SPOILER) choose not beat up this dude in the story. The next scene CLEARLY doesn't reflect my non-violent decision and leaves me wondering if indeed our choices don't matter. It gets better. I quit the game after my episode one is completed. I return to find my save file GONE. COMPLETELY AND UTTERLY ERASED. WTF TELLTALE? SERIOSULY? Your TWD series and GOT edition was simply AMAZING but this Batman game has me going nuts. But tbh, your initial series were so awesome that I will play through my decisions again just to get that feel once more. But for fans, unless you're willing to go through some pain, brace yourself. If not, don't bother and wait for the new TWD. Unless that too is going to have tons of problems, might as well get used to it with Batman. Sorry Tell-tale. Disappointed. IMMENSELY."
,Recommended,498240,29859100,Posted: 11 February,all,The Bumbler,"HOLY CRAP. THIS GAME IS INSANE. It is the best Batman movie I have ever watched as well as an emotional roller coaster. really well written, genuinely interessting characters, and amazing gameplay. Also it messes with your morales and emotions. I really want dlc for more story because this is an amazing game. 9/10 i would recommend to anyone who's computer can run it smoothly"
76561198004486332,Not Recommended,498240,32745850,Posted: 24 June,all,nekura.neko,"The plot of the story is pushed along by events that ignore basic civic and capitalist organizational structures. Whatever good ideas it held (anti-nostalgic reckoning; style-tracked role-playing) were weighed down with implausibility even before the leaden pacing (Yes, Bruce is an orphan, we get it; Yes, Selina's wandering off, we get it) hit."
,Recommended,498240,25606631,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Trev,"Gotta say that I really enjoyed the first epsiode, the games graphics options barely work however, I had to go thorugh the .ini setting to fix the resoloution problems, and a bunch'a other stuff, but thankfully i did all of this before playing the game and it didn't really give me too much trouble and its runs great with no problems now, other than the odd hiccup every once in a while (happens in most telltale games) 7/10, biggest problem is no Kevin Conroy!I do recommend that anyone who wants to play this game should get familiar with .ini files helps a bunch when trying to get them extra frames."
76561198166796586,Recommended,498240,26225755,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,lilyr123,"This game is a wonderfully crafted story, just finished episode 3 and the game is still going strong. Once again, telltalegames delivers a high quality, entertaining story."
,Recommended,498240,28396893,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Gagurum,"Algunas cosas fueron bastante inesperadas, algunas de estas aunque sorpresas tan solo resultaron ser el esfuerzo minimo para que la serie de telltale no fuera la misma historia de Batman de siempre, las otras sorpresas si son mucho mas apresiables, como la distribucion de personajes que juegetea con la continuacion de la historia para siguientes temoradas que parecen mucho mas prometedoras. todo en combo resulta en un juego divertido pero de formula telltale ya conocida. Interesante, Batman the Telltale series es un 7."
,Not Recommended,498240,33622111,Posted: 17 July,all,Hitly,"Good story for the most part, but a bad experience with the bad optimization this game has. Telltale can do better..."
,Not Recommended,498240,24871072,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Golden Spider,"Bought game only to find out that Telltale decided to make this game unplayable on Laptops, they removed all of the graphics options that i usually am able to use to make a game playable, I have all the requirements for this game and yet i can't play it. It's Telltale though and while I am optimistic that they will fix these issues, until that moment my money is better spent elsewhere"
76561198026645645,Recommended,498240,29954625,Posted: 15 February,all,Vaalic,It was an interesting twist on the universe and worth the time. Always a fan of the telltale games.
,Recommended,498240,24677893,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,DeathDealer,"Episode 1 - Brilliant and strong opener to a story full of mystery and drama which features classic Batman characters like Vicky Vale, Cobblepot, Jim Gordon, Alfred, Falcone, Harvey Dent and Selina Kyle.Episode 2 - Easily got ideas from Scott Snyder i recommend reading Batman Volume 1 and 2 and if your clued up on batman then you'll know why. Great work from Telltale so far."
,Not Recommended,498240,24698787,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,KimiF17954,doesn't even work no matter how many times i've updated my windows system.avoid until they maybe fix this game.
76561198077879464,Not Recommended,498240,24698805,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Nikita Khrushchev,"FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME! I have been a telltale fan since the first walking dead and a batman fan since forever, but literally the Resolution is so ♥♥♥♥ed up. I can't move my mouse conveninetly at all. Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. ♥♥♥♥ telltale, its gone down the drain"
76561198166665189,Not Recommended,498240,24763188,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,MWKJSR,"Telltale, why the hell didn't you wait a week or two before releasing this in such a broken state? First there was the frame rate issue and now tons of people can't even log in because of a black/white screen. I usually love Telltale Games but what were you guys thinking? Now what could've been an amazing launch is off to a rocky start because of technical issues. I'll be keeping up this review until a patch goes out to fix this mess."
,Recommended,498240,29184284,Posted: 11 January,all,Johns Pizzeria,I may be just being bias here but aside from a few predictable scenes in the plot and choppy fight scenes after the first episode; this almost competes with The Wolf Among Us.
76561198078137905,Recommended,498240,25635909,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,AuspeX,"Felt like giving this bad boy a review after finishing Episode 2 cause oh boy oh boy wasn't it intense. Can't wait for Episode 3 :D If you enjoy Batman stuff you'd probably love this. BUT! there are a lot of people I've noticed that have encountered bugs, lost saves and the performance hasn't been the greatest for people, in fact in Episode 1 I've encountered a lot of lag and at the start of Episode 1 I had a problem with an quick time event but I eventually was able to trigger the quick time event and procress forward. Most of these problems probably were coming from my end tho (still got lag in episode 2 btw) regarding the lag and lack of performance since my computer doesn't really meet the System Requirements for this game but I was still able to play it fairly good. Some people are lucky and some people aren't I guess, idk but I haven't really encountered any game breaking bugs or any of that nature so all I can really say is, buy it or not. If you do buy it and you're a little worried about lost saves, back em up. All and all I actually think this game is pretty good. Some people will disagree with me of course and that's totally fine but I personally enjoyed it. :) You might too."
76561198199794879,Not Recommended,498240,34156120,Posted: 10 August,all,Deesubstantial,Lost my save file after an update. Wasting my time is not something I enjoy.
76561198011082169,Not Recommended,498240,26251801,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Potentate777,"Busted on install.  My mouse can't even reach the buttons at the bottom of the screen, i.e gamma adjustment.  This is at my native resolution.  So I can't play the game without putting it at 1280 x 800, while I am running 1920 x 1080...didn't think that resolution was rare."
,Not Recommended,498240,25656763,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Charlie10953,Game Unplayable Crashes Before The Lobby In The First Episode Right At The Start And All The Textures Are Messed Up They Better Fix This Quick Its Not Very Good For A Telltale Game Seeing As The Others Ran Fine On My Computer But The Lack Of Effort In This Game Is Why It Doesn't Work Properly I Expected More From Telltale!!
76561197969898245,Recommended,498240,29956129,Posted: 15 February,all,Frogacuda,"Something different for Batman, more of the same for Telltale.Telltale has some great writers, and they do story very well. It's nice to see them given the freedom to do something different with the Batman series. While it doesn't reinvent the character, it plays fast and loose with some of its canon, and offers some unique takes on some old characters, which adds up to an engaging story that manages to distinguish itself from the many variations of the Batman story that have come before.Of particular note is the emphasis placed on Batman's dual identities. Bruce Wayne is given at least as much face-time as his masked alter-ego, and he's equally pivotal to the story. Some key moments even offer you the choice to go as Batman or as Bruce Wayne. The duality between Bruce, a man encumbered by his personal history and family legacy, and Batman, a wholly invented persona  is at the core of the narrative. Its villains likewise get a lot of time with their masks off, outside of their villanous personas.It's a great story, well told, but not much of a game. There are very light puzzle and exploration bits, but for the most part, your interactions are limited to tapping QTEs through the action sequences, and choosing dialog during the story bits. The choices you make here can have interesting consequences, but only for a scene or two. The majore beats of the story are wholly linear, even if it gives you some wiggle room to role-play. None of these decision moments are interesting enough to compel multiple plays-through. The thin gameplay is forgiveable, though, because the storytelling is strong enough to carry the experience. If this was a non-interactive animated mini-series, it would still be enjoyable.Unsurprisingly, the game is also a bit glitchy. During my play through, it crashed twice, had moments of weird animation, diagonal cel-shading lines across the screen, or bad lip sync. I didn't experience any performance issues, but wouldn't expect to on my system, which is well above recommended spec.If you've played other Telltale games from recent years, like Walking Dead, Wolf Among Us, or Game of Thrones, you know what to expect from the gameplay, graphics, and performance. This is one of Telltale's stronger efforts, with an interesting, original story, which is not easy to do with a subject as well-worn as Batman."
,Not Recommended,498240,33762498,Posted: 24 July,all,XIRB,"I have enjoyed past titles like TWD, GoT, Wolf Among Us and Tales From the Borderlands, but this game is ridled with problems that stops me from enjoying it.The story and choices are alright and is the only thing that makes me want to power through this, but that doesn't change all the graphical and technical problems.The graphics somehow looks worse than in past titles, like the textures are not fully rendered and characters looks half-finished. Not only that but I have encounterd many bugs and glitches. Like characters facing the wrong direction with their heads, eyes that are always closed, Bruce sitting in a floating chair and not to talk about the numerous scenes where the game lags for no reason. Mind you I have a GeForce GTX 1080 8GB Turbo along with Intel Core i5 3.5 GHz 6MB and 16 gb ram so there is no reason why this unimpresive game should lag.Very dissapointed overall."
,Not Recommended,498240,26442159,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Batgirl,I'm really sad cuz I love the tell tale series and for some reason I can't enjoy this onew because of the constant lag and freezing I experience. PLEASE PLEASE FIX THIS ISSUE!! I'm able to play all the other games except this one.
76561198067562440,Not Recommended,498240,26366408,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,rosstheirish,the fps drops makes it unplayableliked the first two episodes though
,Not Recommended,498240,28459676,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Ravenize > *,"I don't really have much to say about Telltale's take on Batman. It's very standard fare, both for Telltale and for Batman.The biggest problem is that the emotional impact just isn't there. Batman is pretty far removed from most of the characters, so it's hard to care about what happens to most of them. On top of that, the decisions don't seem to matter at all, so it's not like you can really mess something up. Anyone at risk will figure a way out of it, with or without you. It just might be a little better or a little worse along the way.The best moments are with Catwoman. The worst are investigating computer files. The crime scene investigation minigame was an ok diversion the first time, but it got old and repetitive by the final episode.Pick this up if you're a huge fan of Batman or the Telltale formla. But don't expect to be surprised."
69696996969696996,Recommended,498240,25765683,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,󠁉  󠁉  󠁉󠁉 󠁉󠁉󠁉󠁉󠁉󠁉,Telltale Batman is pretty cool so farThe Story of Bruce Wayne the man with the worlds deadest parents continues. as he fights villians (aka poor people) by clicking the E button as much as he can. And when he can't press it hard enough he will train other people who also have dead parents to do it for himIf you're here becuse you expect the game to be like the other batman games i really would not recommend it. I would only recommend this game to people that like the telltale games. if you don't like telltale games then i really don't think you'll like this game at allthere is only one major problem i've got with the game and that's the lack of frames. Seriously. My computer can run♥♥♥♥♥♥like the witcher 3 wild hunt but it can't handle this game and it's always like that with telltale games for some reason. How am i supposed to watch batman beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of poor people like this! This is ♥♥♥♥in ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!. the only telltale game that i've played that had a decent amount of frames is tales from the borderlands (I've only played 3 telltale games tough). But besides that. You're not gonna have much of a problemNow batman (like always) really likes reminding people of the fact that HE'S BATMAN. just to make sure that everyone knows who the he isAnother thing that hasn't changed is the fact that batman is still a ♥♥♥♥♥ and refuses to kill anyone. He can torture them. But not kill them. tis the law of batmanAll in all i am going to recommend this game. i really like the story so far
,Recommended,498240,34375143,Posted: 20 August,all,blummer102,"I really enjoyed this game. I thought it was just going to be another Year One story, but it ends up remixing lots of key elements of Batman lore, doing REALLY intriguing and unexpected stuff with well-known characters in the process. It's kinda like a better version of Gotham the TV show in many ways, and the writing FAR surpasses any of the schlock in the Arkham games. (With the possible exception of Origins.)In fact, now that I think about it, Telltale Batman might be the best portrayal of Bats in non-comic book media since the animated series. It certainly is the first non-comic story in ages to focus a huge amount of time on Bruce Wayne as well as Batman, and the fact that you get to choose whether to approach certain scenarios as Bruce or as Bats adds replay value. I pretty much played through the whole thing as my preferred interpretation of Batman - a less obsessive, driven guy, one who's more like the classic 70s Denny O'Neil/Neal Adams version rather than the nutty vigilante of Frank Miller's books. (For people who want to play this as the Goddamn Batman, that option is available as well.)There are some minor technical problems, like frame rate drops which really shouldn't be there. And probably too many of the QTEs don't really matter in the long run, but I'm told this is the norm in Telltale games. (This is the first one I've played!)But yea, I binged this in 10 hours and had a great time. And best of all...I was able to make the Bat Computer PURPLE, just like the color of Batman's gloves in the 1930s! PURPLE GLOVE BATMAN FOR LIFE!"
,Recommended,498240,26339294,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ocelot,"There is constant lag and its pooly optimzized.With that said, HOLY CRAP this is now one of my favorite Batman stories ever! I'd say this is one of the best stories Telltale has made ever since Walking Dead. The story is so good and if you can overlook the performance issues, this game is absolutely great!"
76561197982638891,Not Recommended,498240,24674684,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Arcanin,There is a curse with the batman games or what? I can't even reach 10 FPS !!
,Recommended,498240,30020040,Posted: 18 February,all,JungleMonkey,"Pros- Great depictions of Batman, Bruce Wayne, and the surrounding characters- Awesome voice acting to go along with the comic book animation- 'Perfect' atmosphere and compelling story-line- Different save files (utilize this to try different choices for different chapters)- Trust nobody, as would anybody in GothamThe game [story] really hooked me. I love Batman's position as a 'super'hero and Bruce Wayne's complex, at times powerful, interactions with Gotham. I also really liked that the game gave you the option to be Bruce or Batman in certain situations, and broke up the conversation-focused gameplay with action sequences and some of the cool technology of Wayne Enterprises.Cons- A few brief, minor visual/performance bugs- They did well with the action, but there's some missed potential there- 'Choices Matter' but their effects don'tWith that last point, it's really bothered me quite a bit actually. This game pulls on my chest cords a bit.. it's so darn close to being a game I'll forever come back to (like the Mass Effect series or FNV) because it gives the player a ton of freedom in-game and thus really immersed me (along with the fact that I <3 da BatMan). BUT, the big ol' BUTT is that there's just no major effects on the game by your player choices.I'm hoping, with all the hope in my blood, that this is because it's all in preparation for a follow-up series, where your first season's decisions will really come to fruition.. maybe this was Telltale's test to see how much they're willing to invest in this aspect for a pending follow-up. If not, I'll be forever bothered with not being able to feel the results of my in-game choices. We shall see, for now, I'll say I loved this game, I enjoyed my first experience of Telltale, I'm not yet on their dev team's bandwagon.. but I would buy follow-up series of Batman - The Telltale Series in a heatbeat.Conclusion1) If you like Batman & story-telling games: you will like this game; if you resent Batman or story-telling games: you won't like this game...2) If you buy it, you may feel like you were fed a really delicious appetizer, or some fancy, gorgeous small-plate at a 5-star restuarant; and be left thinking: ""it tastes lovely and I'm not really that hungry, but now I'm mildly desperate for more.""3) If you do buy it, consider writing Telltale to tell them how badly you want another series that follows up on this story. If you don't buy it, be a pal and do it anyways."
76561197971793035,Not Recommended,498240,33722150,Posted: 22 July,all,Agent_007,"Not much gameplay so review is for an interactive story.Plusses:+ Can be played/interacted in very small steps.Minuses:- Story is too hectic (too many characters and plot advances for 5 episodes)- Not enough background info is given for characters (hinders plot for those that don't know Batman universe)- Voice acting isn't very good if references are Batman: The Animated Series and Arkham games.- Many rendering glitches. (incorrect UVs, wrong animations, lip sync issues, lighting problems)- Font rendering does not look very good, and in some cases subtitle aren't even shown when news reporter is speaking- Start to Menu loading time is LONGUgly:* ""This city"" is mentioned more than once..."
76561198080640043,Not Recommended,498240,24676927,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,mooseamour,Fix the framerate and id love it
,Recommended,498240,33092996,Posted: 1 July,all,Edward-,"Why is this game so underrated? I love it, can't wait for the next season"
,Not Recommended,498240,34203839,Posted: 12 August,all,Handmaiden,"This game has all the things Telltale is known for: bugs, bugs, bugs, and more bugs. It will crash. It will crash again. It will crash on machines that are way above recommended requirements.  It will lose your saves. It will fail to import into season two. And when it eats your saves, the only fix they'll offer you is play the entire game again from the beginning.Watch a play-through and save yourself the frustration."
,Not Recommended,498240,30607327,Posted: 18 March,all,DivinityComplex,Played through much of the first chapter and then in wiped my save.
,Not Recommended,498240,34190610,Posted: 12 August,all,There we go,"these devs suck, do not buy this unless you got it from a bundle)updates several times a week between 9 and 12,9 gb but nothing changes, game still stutters like crap without any big demandings on hardware.telltale is ....not worth to be supported"
,Recommended,498240,25360079,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Dooley011,"Episode One:Despite the HUGE FPS drops I still enjoyed this episode. It had a fantastic storyline and great voice acting. I feel like the choices made throughout this episode will actually be important as the story continues. The climax to the episode (not going to spoil it) will keep you excited for the following episode coming on the 20th of September. Overall the episode has some AWFUL performance issues (hopefully fixed by episode 2) although I got like 60FPS in some small parts of the game (don't know what that is all about), but despite theses it is one of my favourite TELLTALE titles to date. Amazing cast of voiceactors with an incredible story. I'd say get it once all 5 episodes are out!8/10"
,Recommended,498240,26420069,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,YoungDigitalNarstyBoy,I love the focus on Bruce Wayne. They actually make him a character that exist seperate from this Bat side. If it didnt consistent have graphic hitches it be great!
,Recommended,498240,27168425,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bill876,"This game has a great plot. Gameplay is the usuall Telltale adventure gameplay.It also has perfomance problems. I mean, The Walking Dead and The Wolf Among Us look as beatuful as this game if not better but they don't have any performance issues. I don't recommend buying it if you don't have a GTX970 or better."
76561198087781363,Recommended,498240,27379433,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Samed,"The story in this game is amazing. Such a unique take on the Batman universe that makes you want to know what happens next. The game does have technical issues with stuttering and audio that doesn't sync with the animation, but, in my opinion, it isn't so bad that it should deter you from playing this fantastic game. The choices don't matter that much, but they're interesting and mix up the game with each playthrough.Overall, I definitely recommend this title if you like story-driven games."
76561198122329570,Not Recommended,498240,24681361,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Oreo_Blue,"""Played"" for a total of 11 minutes.99% of that time spent on watching the game's window opened and closed immediately......"
,Recommended,498240,26393305,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Steel Chode,"One. Word.... Fantastic.For real though, one of the most real and perplexing Batman iterations yet.  I recommend this to any Batman fan or anyone that can handle a real drama.My choices mattered and I am stuck reflecting on them hours after I completed an Episode.Bravo, Telltale Games."
76561198276700749,Recommended,498240,26924786,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,E U P H,this game is good but i prefer the arkham series as there is more action. if you want action get the arkham games or if you want story rich (the arkham stories are great too) get telltale.
76561198106039767,Not Recommended,498240,24680928,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Bucket o' Salt,"WARNING! DO NOT PURCHASE YET.The game is having some weird FPS issue, wether you are on an alienware laptop or a potato PC you get like 12 FPS.Please avoid purchase until fixed.I can't say anything about the actual game its self because  I cant play it.ALSO sound it out of sync. by like  5 seconds."
76561198133338642,Not Recommended,498240,24684079,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Bannai Not Bandai,Please fix the bug! Low FPS and freeze a lot. No respond to my input on keyboard and XBOX controller.
76561197993449701,Not Recommended,498240,24681350,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Zenthar,A technical ♥♥♥♥ show... Unable to play the game due to resolution problems. Don't buy until a patch is released.
76561198119944446,Not Recommended,498240,24689127,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Flemz,It does not work. The game is a broken mess.
,Not Recommended,498240,24694739,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,GeminiShadowCat,"For a person who's a massive fan of both Batman as a character and Telltale, I've gotta admit that I was kind of disappointed. It was good, but not typically Telltale great. The story kind of lacked something and the ending didn't really do it justice. Previews of the series keeps it going, but I wasn't completely enthralled and left with that cliffhanger moment, wanting more very soon.The gameplay was typical for these types of games, however, the frame rate really didn't hold up well, giving me a mere 15fps in a lot of areas. Other Telltale games have never done this before; they ran much smoother and let me point the cursor where I wanted to go without delays or flying to the other side of the screen.Overall, I can't really fault the game as a whole as only one episode has surfaced so far, thus having room for change, but my personal opinion on this episode leads me to believe that this series won't have the depth and beauty that are Telltale games."
76561198194518422,Not Recommended,498240,24681529,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,All Hail Megatron,"I was looking forward to playing telltales take on the cape crusader only to be introduced to a game that ran at 10fps, Out of sync dialogue/sfx and even a Batman.exe has stopped responding crash.As of right now I would avoid purchasing this game untill they release an update that resolves these issues, or Maybe wait for a few episodes to come out and reading some reviews before purchasing.So disappointing Telltales."
,Not Recommended,498240,24688332,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Nerf ICBM,"My first experience with the game was a resolution glitch that made it impossible to select anything on the right or left hand side of the screen, without scaling the resolution back a fair bit. Ok, on day one we can expect problems but if a resolution is supported, it should be tested. Controller support is there, but for some reason this is the only game the trigger buttons don't work for. Or alternately, using them doesn't matter. Either way, it's not good.Update:Once I could play the game, the first episode was enjoyable.It took a fair bit of fiddling before I could play the second episode, this time it was a different bug related to resolution. This game brings back memories of the days where you'd have to spend 45 minutes getting a game to run properly. Back then, it was standard. Now, it just reeks of poor bug tracking."
,Not Recommended,498240,24694761,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MrParano1d,Can't press RT button. [Xbox One and Xbox One Elite Controller] Unplayable.
,Recommended,498240,26401786,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,beatzz.,"Rich storyline, great animations, nice and fluid gameplay, as expected from telltale. They really stood upto their reputation with this game. This game allows one to play as bruce and batman irrespective of other batman games which only allowed you to play as batman. Its absolutely immersive. A must for Batman fans. Cheers!"
,Recommended,498240,26520612,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MeetMr.Juan,"Gripping Story, Awesome voice acting, endless possibilities and an overall great game from Telltale. Apart from  a few FPS drops in Episode 3, the gameplay was smooth. Definitely a recommend from me. Hope the new episodes come out soon."
,Recommended,498240,28395626,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Volac,"Certainly a great game and a very good Batman game. Story was catchy, allthough I would have liked to see more of the classic Batman villains instead of having Lady Arkham (wtf never heard of her???) pulling the strings on that side. Also the game could've been a bit longer because 8,5 hours of gameplay didn't fully feed my hunger for Batman stories. Still the game was a pleasant experience, enjoyed the Batman version of Telltale storytelling more than any of their previous games. I'd love to get another one in the future which would have more experienced Batman fighting crime some years later this game's events occured and Joker, Penguin (the fat version, not the new ""trendy slim businessman""), Riddler, Harley Quinn, Killer Croc and maybe Mr. Freeze running on the loose."
,Recommended,498240,25221726,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,KlaxMaster,"Spectacular story telling, as usual, TellTale. That cell shaded art style obviously fits well with the subject.Very true to the source material, yet still remains different enough to be very interesting. Waiting on the edge of my seat for Ep. 2"
76561198116389095,Recommended,498240,31315692,Posted: 23 April,all,ImJustBadDealWithIt,Amazing Game Is there going to be different Season would Reccomend this game to anyone If the next Season Comes out this year looking forward to it
,Not Recommended,498240,26529228,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Catsim,Even if the game ran perfectly (which it doesn't) this just feels like a low quality game by Telltale's standards. I just played through Minecraft Story Mode and Tales from The Borderlands and the episodes in both of those games are SOOOO much longer and have way more substance to them.In Batman so far the episodes are very short and very few of your choices change anything except for one or two cosmetic things. It's just so frustrating when you make choices to play Batman like he respects the law and everyone in the game treats you like you're The Punisher. The seams where the dialogue based on what you had Batman say ends and the predetermined narrative takes over again are easily apparent.
,Not Recommended,498240,33173215,Posted: 3 July,all,Deermuid,"Rwally fun game and story HOWEVER fps drops every 10 seconds, crashes every 20 or so minutes or ends up freezing for 5 or so seconds at a time."
,Recommended,498240,26258447,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,KakaMighty,Batman is in it.
76561198035448316,Not Recommended,498240,28428069,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,bluecontrol479,"I would give this game a thumbs up for sure, it was a lot of fun if a bit short and i can't wait for season 2 with the joker. But episodes 4 and 5 sucked and very buggy i just can't as a whole give it a thumbs up.ep 1 Great episode 5 out 5ep 2 Good episode 4 out 5ep 3 Great episdoe 5 out 5ep 4 ok episdoe 3 out 5ep 5 not good 2 out 5The first few episodes were very good and setup some cool stuff but i didnt like how it turned out. Episode 4 would have been crap without joker in it as a saving grace. Episode 5 was short and lame the investigation parts sucked no reason for them just a dumb time filler took 2seconds to know what happend. Also the final boss was not fun or a bad guy i would ever care to see again. Season 1 feels like a pilot episode on tv it could turn great but due to the suck factor  of episodes 4 and 5 i don't know. But with huge pauses and lag with the episodes mostly ep 3, 4, and 5 and the fact that each episode got shorter and shorter to ep 5 lasting less then an hour i won't be buying from telltale for a long time"
,Not Recommended,498240,28433602,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,spartanai,"Animations are stiff and most of the story is lack luster. I found myself saying out loud ""Oh my god i don't care"" during a lot of the slower sequences."
76561198275994160,Not Recommended,498240,24918085,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,cats inmy cadillac,TELLTALE GET YOUR S.H.I.T. TOGETHER! so far the game looks great but i cant even enjoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i.n.g. game because of all the god damn lag! no matter what settings i use the frame rate is always garbage. telltale games are usually great but this is the first where id have to not recomend. Dont buy this game until they fix the bugs and knowing telltale that shouldnt be too long
,Not Recommended,498240,24877295,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Rednib,"Sadly, what the people say is true.The performance, as far as I could gather from the opening sequence, is absolutely dreadful.FPS tanks and makes for a crappy experience from what looks like a pretty decent game.Wait for patches"
76561198035170452,Not Recommended,498240,24866347,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,shaz991,"Unplayable! Seriously undercooked, the game lags like no tomorrow and some of the graphics actually wont even load properly. You can see rendering lines all over them. As a long time comic book reader and a fan of A Wolf Among Us, I can say with absoulte certainity that Tell Tale Games really screwed the pooch with the PC version. Dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,498240,26651842,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Shazam,Haven't had any major performance issues like others. But i just couldn't like the story. Story just feels empty
76561198127275792,Not Recommended,498240,24682714,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,peterburczyk33,"Alright so.... for me anyway the game is really slow, and after a while it stops taking input from the QT events... is anyone else having this problem?"
76561198212810501,Not Recommended,498240,24682577,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Batfleck,"I was looking forward to this game and it is terrible. FPS terrible, mouse lag and crash in the beginning of the game.FIX THIS NOW"
,Recommended,498240,29475497,Posted: 24 January,all,Aergis,I'M BATMAN!
76561198164992144,Recommended,498240,25595774,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ravendelt,"OMGGG. I love Batman and I love Telltale, so this is AMAZING so far! Love it."
76561198278636788,Recommended,498240,25602437,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,chunnubaby2003,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198014374442,Not Recommended,498240,28924542,Posted: 1 January,all,Iasleep,"From a comic reader standpoint I absolutly hated this game, and yeah I can admit freedom of interpetation, but this was so bad that after episode 3 it became a chore to actually complete."
76561198116273793,Not Recommended,498240,24699170,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,nechyv,"Never written a review before, But holy crappy coding batman this port is BROKEN, EVEN AFTER UPDATE. ALL I GET IS WHITE SCREEN AND SOUND."
76561198105010584,Not Recommended,498240,28390846,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,PrinceVinc,"It's a waste:Performance is terrrible. (Not unplayable but those hiccups just destroy the immersion)Graphic's are plagued by low Shadow Resolution/Mapping and low Texture Resolution on Objects and important things.Your choices seem as always not to matter the slightes.The Character I was excited most about, does not have a Major Role in here but is used to buy the 2nd Season.The ""Main Villainis a Character I never heard of in Batman as a Child.Episode 2,4,5 Fall Short in Length Compared to 1!Overall a more Dissapointing Experience.It had it good Scenes and Moment's but not enough to make up for the poor Execution."
76561198022658933,Not Recommended,498240,33136906,Posted: 2 July,all,Gamingman,"WTF is this Telltale? Forced black bars in 16:9 for cinematic effect is this a joke, morons this is pc I choose my resolution and options forcing this♥♥♥♥♥♥is not acceptable on pc.BTW when it comes to just game it's ok."
76561197961155814,Not Recommended,498240,24681114,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Forbid,Your refund request has been received by Steam!
76561198031563155,Recommended,498240,24679598,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tonwhy,"So it seems some people have technical difficulties with this game, i for one did not.Was smooth sailing for me from start to finish except for one moment, when i went to look into the codex the first chance i got, i could not get out of that screen for the life of me.Had to restart, but the last savepoint was just a minute behind, so that did not bother me much. All technical stuff aside:The Game has a great Story so far, the action sequences are the best TTG has done so far. They also do the franchise justice, in just one episode you got a lot of characters from the lore, but they don't feel shoehorned in, at least not for me. They all blend naturally and organically. The dialogue options seem relatable and the even though the episode is in and off itself a great pack of action and story it still feels like the calm before the storm. Can't wait for more, but as it is TTG i don't think the 2nd episode will be out in 2016."
,Recommended,498240,24690491,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,★【Loki】,"Great game, as expected. Typical Telltale storytelling and beautifully tailored dialogue and certainly a treat for Batman fans! I absolutely love it and I think they set a good beginning for the plot! Cannot wait to see more!I didn't have any of the issues some people are reporting. It runs fine, looks beautiful and doesn't deserve the bad rating it has gotten so far."
,Not Recommended,498240,24683966,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Silacko,The game is not working; it gets stuck in the main menu. The menu texts don't appear.
,Not Recommended,498240,24686895,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MojoMann,"The game itself does have some technical issues. For example, I am equipped with the R9 380X OC, the intel Core i7 3770 and 8 gigs of RAM. My frame rate ranged from 15 to 60. There was lag between  cutscenes. The settings were set at highest and a resolution of 1600 by 900. The settings menu was a bit funky. Telltale could have fixed these issues relatively easy. For now, I would hold off on purchasing this game."
,Not Recommended,498240,24684090,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ShehzBurger,When I pre-purchased this game I expected endless hours going into it as I thought I'd go through every possible choice there was. I expected a good experience as I had on older Telltale titles.What I didn't expect was the fact that I couldn't even get past the first 10 seconds of the game without it setting the framerate so low that I couldn't play♥♥♥♥♥♥or that it crashed everytime I got to a certain part due to the graphics that don't integrate well with non high-end computers/laptops.I expect this issue to be fixed in a future patch. I really hope it is because I so badly want to beat the ♥♥♥♥ outta Penguin.
,Recommended,498240,24690931,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Rick,"So there seems to be absolute hell surrounding this game. I'd like to post my experience.I did not have any performance issues, the game ran fine. I did however encouter one bug when using the codex on the batcomputer, which I had to reload to fix. Other than that it was fine. I appreciate that others are having a difficult time running the game, but I would suggest updating your drivers if you haven't already.The episode itself was a solid start. Playing as both Bruce Wayne and Batman you are introduced to Gotham and it's current situation. You have some pretty interesting choices throughout the episode, and you meet quite a few iconic characters early on. The story itself has an interesting spin on it that makes me look forward to the coming episodes. The fights were entertaining, the dialogue choices were ok, and they made good use of detective work and gadgets in some sequences.Overall I enjoyed the episode and I hope everybody is eventually able to play it for themselves and form an opinion based on the actual game, and not it's launch state :)"
76561198107774879,Recommended,498240,24875776,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,SanicSpeed,Beside some frame rate issue's this game is pretty good. The story is fine and the gameplay is like every telltale game in existance.So far just on episode one it's pretty goodThey just need to fix the frame rate problem7/10
,Recommended,498240,24809060,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Tonkinese,Already this first episode is the best written batman game in existance
,Not Recommended,498240,28348374,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,-DI- Kit_EA,"*Review is just merely to show a disapointment in new Telltale development practice and notifications about delay. Skip to the current status if you want to know is it playable. Don't be completely fooled by negative review of the game itself.---Unfortunately it seems that developers don't really care about pc community of this game lately(or should I say they care about it in the least). We didn't get Ep.4 in time neither Ep.5(no news about delay on steam literally throwing steam community into chaos), and their was serious perfomance and progression issues at the start.I'm long fan of Telltale games. They have one of the most beautiful stories(like TWD or The Wolf Among Us) and it makes the pain even stronger. I can only hope that they will not fail with TWD Season 3.Conclusion:They clearly need to adress their steam fans through news or in the disscusions once some extraordinary things happens. Product should not be released if there are any doubts about perfomence, it's better to delay it and let anyone know about this delay.---CURRENT STATUS: playable after new patches.Story is interesting, gameplay will fit you well if you played in another Telltale games."
,Recommended,498240,24675572,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Iradimal,"For those  who want to change the resolution, you need to select it and when you leave the graphic settings, it won't change anything, you have to leave from the settings menu.Im using a gtx 970 and running the game perfectly fine. So far the game is great."
,Recommended,498240,24676161,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Patrick,"HiFinished the first episode in about 2 hours, and i have to say.. Wow this game isAmazing,  i love all the other games they made but this one is my favorite since it hasBatmanin it.. Like cmon !?!? who doesn't loveBatman?!?I think some people shouldn't write a bad review because their pc isn't meeting the requirements and they think they can run the game magically on a potato.Of Course there are also some people (thats probably most of those that wrote a bad review ) that can't run the game because the creators didn't optimize it for their setup and im truly sorry for those people because this game is just amazing and fun to play.I hope it get fixed soon for those people who bought it and love such games like this one so they can just enjoy and be happy with their purchase.So just summing this up, this game is amazing and i think everyone who loves such types of games should play it. Well I mean... when it gets fixed of course..I really love all the Batman games out there and this one just joined the Collection.. 11/10"
,Not Recommended,498240,24679002,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Noctis,"My review will be the same as the others..performanceissues...lag/crash....10fps. It's just weird because telltale made this and they're not know to put out sh*t. First time one of their games wouldn't run on my pc. I hate to say it but do not buy this game, me personally I don' think even waiting for a patch is worth it should be ready on launch day."
76561198122412368,Not Recommended,498240,26254704,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Solenya Snarf,"I bought the game when it game out. I couldn't run it in full screen or else it went white. So I requested a refund. I saw that episode 1 was free, so I downloaded it. Worked like a charm. I couldn't walk away from it it was so good. So i decided to buy the game. Downloaded it. Tried to run it. Same problem as before. I did nothing to make the free version work in fullscreen, so why it worked for that and not for the full game is beyond me. Maybe its cause I'm on a laptop? Idk. I was so hyped for this game and now I never want to buy a telltale game again.Update:I finally built a PC, bought this on sale, hoping that I would now be able to run it. Fun fact, it launched and i had no white screen errors, but then about 10 minutes into the game i was stuck in the floor, watching dialogue on a nearly blank screen. this game is a mess."
,Recommended,498240,24676284,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,PayneTrained,"Game ran fine for me, oh and it was a good game on top of that"
76561198314032812,Recommended,498240,24676114,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,SStew,"Episode 1:If you can get past a few frame stuittering from time to time. There is a great Batman game here.STORY:The first episode centres around Billionaire Bruce Wayne, trying to be both a politician and a vigilantie. Bruce is trying to take down Carmine Falcone. While also covering a conspiracy that may or may not have a deep personal affect. The first episode sets the stage well. Bruce Wayne is played very well by Troy Baker. (Who I belive is now the first person to play both Batman and Joker). However even though the story is done very well, it is repeating old stories.Gameplay:Its a Telltale game. You get a load of QTEs.Cons: The framrate for the first two scenes dipped quite a lot. My game also had a glitch where i couldnt escape from the codex. and when i exited to the main menu it crashed. After that though it ran perfectly fine.Overall:While it may tread on familiar water. Batman a Telltale series does its job well. Tell an interesting Batman story, that keeps you guessing. 8/10Episode 2:STORY:After the events of episode one, Bruce has to not only find out what his father hid from him all those years ago. But the reasons for their deaths. With extra pressure on both Nruce Wayne and Batman, the caped crusader must look at enemies for allies. While i mentioned in my episode 1 review that they were rehashing old stories. Telltale completly threw me off with a few awesome twists. The choices also felt a lot more meaningful. I like having choices like wether to interrogate someone as batman or try to gain his trust with bruce. And that final decision does have a very big impact.PERFORMANCE:Much smoother than episode one, only a few framrate drops but nothing too major.CONS:I really only have one. WTF is up with the design of the penguin. instead of going with a cool design like the animated series or arkham games you went with a guy in a penguin mask? What were you thinking?OVERALL:So far this is up there with TWDS1 as the best Telltale game. 9/10EPISODE 3:STORY:After the events of the last chapter Bruce is desperate to stop the children of Arkham. However with Harvey recovering, not knowing if he can trust Selina and losing support from his company. Batman must dig deep to discover who is the leader of the children of Arkham. No spoilers but i promise you will be absoulutly shocked by the ending. One of the best twists i've ever seen in a video game.PERFORMANCE:Somewhere between episode 1 and 2.CONS:Last chapter we had such a meaningful choice yet like most Telltale games it ends up exactly the same. Also this chapter does slow down a lot. There really is only one substantial fight sequence.OVERALL:A slow but interesting chapter. 'New World Order' dosent quite live up to its predecessor, but it is still an engaging experiance.8/10EPISODE 4:STORY:After the events of the last chapter, Bruce lands himself in Arkham Asylum. With Harvey leading a war against the children of Arkham. Bruce must escape the Asylum, (with a little help). With anymore info i would be going into spoilers, so i just have to say its amazing. Making a choose your own style game is hard with a character like Batman. However Telltale nails it by making every desicion something one version of Batman would do. The story itself also feels a lot more personal for bruce than something like the Arkham games. (No hating, all three Rocksteady games a phenomenal).PERFORMANCE:No problems at all.CONS:(Nitpicking). The only thing i would say is that it does end abrouptly. And in a way that dosent make it feel like the penultimate chapter in a story.OVERALL:Definetly the best episode yet, an one of Telltales finest.9/10"
,Recommended,498240,29377494,Posted: 20 January,all,WardDragon,"This was exactly what I expected from the newer Telltale games. It is heavily focused on the story, has a lot of dialogue choices and simple interactive cutscenes, and has very little regular gameplay in between. The gameplay that's there is decent and the story is interesting, so it works well for what it's trying to do. Like the other Telltale games, the choices affect what other characters say to you, but most of the choices get canceled out by the end. And each episode is less than 2 hours, so the overall game is not that long.I really enjoyed this game.  I love the Batman universe in general, and Telltale created an interesting take on it.  Most of the general ideas in the story were familiar, but they took some liberties with the characters, changing some key things which led to some surprises for me.  Meanwhile, some other characters progressed exactly as I expected they would based on knowing who they are in the comics, so it felt ""right"" to see things unfold that way.  Overall it was an interesting blend of familiar faces and new ideas.In general I usually hate interactive cutscenes, but the quick-time-events in this game were actually pretty fun.  I started the game playing with keyboard/mouse and a few of the button combos were a little awkward (I had a lot of trouble pressing Shift and Q at the same time) so I switched to my gamepad and then it was cool doing all of the fight sequences.  It usually gave me enough time to realize which buttons I had to press, so I didn't have to redo them, and with that in mind it was pretty awesome to watch the fighting moves and feel so badass :-DAlso, I really liked some of the new gadgets they gave Batman, like camera drones, and they came up with some good ideas to vary the gameplay a bit, like scouting the area with the drone and planning out Batman's attack sequence in advance prior to executing it via interactive cutscene.  There wasn't that much regular gameplay overall, but what was there was good and it felt appropriately paced for the story."
,Recommended,498240,25605033,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,JJ Waddmyster,"Only played episode 1 so far, but IMO its a great Batman game. Its a refreshing experience from the Arkham games and focuses a lot on Bruce Wayne, and the choices he has to make.Edit: After playing all 5 episodes, i can say that the story is great, but as with any telltale game, don't expect all your choices to matter in the long run."
76561197969690315,Not Recommended,498240,29384406,Posted: 20 January,all,Nombly,"I'm here to review this game a second time. The first time I was completely unable to play the game as a result to a very poorly done port, however after Steam refused to refund the game, I forced myself to get my monies worth from it by playing through the lag regardless.The story itself isn't awful, but it's definitely not up to Telltales standard of games. There are so many things wrong with the coding and animations... I'll just list a few.While this first one is nit-picky, it's annoying. The subtitles are sometimes cut off and they don't match what is actually being said in the audio. Secondly, there are times where character models lips don't match the dialogue, or they do something that doesn't seem right. At one point there's a camera angle to push a reactive key, but the icon is turned 90 degrees away from the screen so you can't see it. Televisions that were supposed to display viewings wouldn't work in any scene they were supposed to, instead just showing a grey screen with audio playing in the background.  Also, at one point a character walked away from a conversation and left her eye lashes behind.The biggest fault, in my eye at least, lies in the fact that Telltale games are great because of their immersion. To that fact, these games pride themselves on being a ""Choose your own adventure"" type of game that remembers your choices.. and has consequences for them. This game, on three seperate counts no less, had continuity errors with choices I have made in the past. That's unforgivable in this type of game.I really hope that in the second season, if there is one, some of these issues are addressed.TL;DR: Buy it on sale if you aren't using an AMD computer, but you may be disappointed if you've gotten used to the normally high standard of Telltalegames anyways."
76561197977139594,Not Recommended,498240,25608255,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,[FE]brotherconfusion,"I would like to recommend this game, I really would love to, but i can't. This game is just another crap port that runs subpar on many peoples machines AND like we found out after Episode 2 came out deletes your progress just like TWD: Michonne did. If you want to buy this game you better wait til all the Episodes are out and they fixed that bug. Otherwise you will be frustrated.As a sidenote: I feel like my Arkham Knight PTSD kicks in again. Another subpar Batman game for PC-Players."
76561198077904422,Not Recommended,498240,24893058,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,The Farley,"DO NO BUY THIS GAME. This game is absolute trash. No matter what graphic setting you run on, it has an unplayable frame rate. There is both a horrible lag on the mouse and key strokes. It makes the game unplayable. Half the key strokes dont register and no matter what you do you fail the quick time events, making it impossible to get past the first few minutes of the game. I don't know how this game was released, its almost like they didn't even test it.I've never regreted buying a game on steam more than this game."
76561198157053846,Recommended,498240,27205440,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jandjflick,"This game is really good and story rich, but Whenever I try to launch the game it won't work, that is kind stupid"
,Recommended,498240,26019404,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Gilitrutt,"Love the story so far <3Thank you Telltale for your games~Too bad i can't see or share my choices with telltale account service. But that's not a minus, cause we always have screenshots!Got Win 10, Nvidia, played on a highest resolution - got 0 (ZERO) troubles neither in launching, nor in the game itself.Don't understand where are all these negative bug/crash-based reviews are coming.Go get some decent PC's, peeps?"
76561198041825529,Recommended,498240,27266986,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TrueHero,GG my man
76561198282408294,Not Recommended,498240,24685322,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,FLUFFY008,This Game is just ♥♥♥♥ed up and first i had a Crash in the begining and now my screen goes white. THANK YOU TELLTALE  & STEAM FOR SUCH A CRAP.
,Recommended,498240,24679895,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Jameson,"This game ran great on my enthusiast rig. I enjoyed EP1, can't wait for the rest of the season.I'm giving this game a recommendation, but they're some reports that people are having troubles with the game, so do some more research before buying.Update: All 3 ep so far have been great."
76561197970575007,Not Recommended,498240,30949471,Posted: 4 April,all,Just_a_guy,Occasional bugs leading up to episode 4 that crashed consistently on the unskippable recap before the episode starts. Unable to finish the game. This was the Windows 7 version.
,Recommended,498240,24676925,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sydch,"UPDATES BROKED XBONE CONTROLLER SUPPORT AND DEVS ARE PROBABLY NOT GOING TO FIX IT. IT WAS WORKING ON RELEASE DATE BUT NOW, IT'S NOT.Controller issues has been fixed.Yeah, yeah. After Fables, no one excepting another comic-book based story-action game from Telltale Games, everyone though there will be going to sequel to ""The Wolf Among Us"" or one more season to ""The Walking Dead"". But instead of them, Telltale come with a completely new game, Batman.After Arkham series, Batman's video-games are not much of a dissapointment (well, excludes Arkham Knight PC port). Before Arkham, there was lots of Batman games, but almost none of em not made a single mark. Well, after Rocksteady's Arkham series i though i have enough adventure with Batman, i have saved Gotham more than 4 times, beat those thugs, save citizens etc. But i've noticed something. There was no decision on those games. They made for pure action, not so story-based. What if i can make what i've want with Batman (also with Bruce too)? What if i want a Batman just like they did on Dawn of Justice? That's the main reason i gave a chance to Telltale's Batman. And i'm not dissapointed. (Most likely).Yeah, too sad there's not so much choices about how i wanted perform as Batman, but it's kinda enough. I can portray a Batman which is too brutal, breaking bones unnecessarily, or stabing people to debris. There is kinda more options about Wayne, i can show myself as a jerk, nice or rude. Story looks promising even there was just one episode. They focused on Wayne Family and Harvey Dent which is wanna be mayor of Gotham. While you supporting Harvey, Bruce's path crosses with Falcone, which is one of biggest gangsters of Gotham.Things That I've LikedOf course combat going to be full quick-time events. But they have made progress about it. I feel more challanged after whole second season of The Walking Dead just in this episode!Choices are not too much, but it's enough.I can't think some one else then Troy Baker if they haven't casted Kevin Conroy as Batman about something. He pulled it good imo, like he did with Joker on Arkham Origins. He can pull whole Batman game voice cast himself without any help.Art style and character modeling. It's classic telltale art-style, but dude, it's fits Batman Universe.You can choose Bat-Color. Dunno why, but you can.Pretty enough gametime for one episode. It's not boring and long. I finished it about 2 hours, replayed around 3 times.Things That I've HatedJust why the hell Vicki Vale is not blonde?Cobblepot is too badass. He needs to be fat, old and ugly, but kinda like Penguin. That's why people call him Penguin. Duh, maybe i just acting jealous because he's stealed the show on Park Scene. However, making him childhood friends with Bruce Wayne is not a wise move, but we'll see why they did it on next episodes.The relationship with between Gordon and Bruce should have been come from Waynes Death. At least comics, tv series, other video games did it. They are acting like they have meeted recently. I've allways liked Gordon as a father figure to Bruce Wayne but i can't feel it on this game.Game stutters like hell. But why? I get 60fps most of the time, but it keeps dropping between different camera angles while switching. It's not bad as most people says, it's not a big deal but it's noticeable. This game probably going to be on mobile devices, come on Telltale. To most of people has crashes, update your GPU drivers.Choices and voice lines does not matches. It's not your first game Telltale. Making this drowing down RPG feel of whole game. I wanna hear something badass when i've choose badass line, not some wussy stuff.Subtitles are not matching, slow and sometimes they not shows up! Especially, they are buggy as hell on Ryder's news reporting scenes.Things That I've WantSomethings about Robins. Especially Richard Grayson.Please god, i wanna flirt with Catwoman more.Talia Al' Ghul. We need Damian someday right?People Saying It's Not Works but Controller Works Like a CharmSwitch your controller drivers before say it's not working. It's fully working as it's intended. I have no problems while using it. Most of people on disscussions telling my controller doesnt work bla bla, check your drivers, there is a lot for Xbox One Controllers, pick something else and try it again.Too Long Didn't ReadI don't know what will be going on next episodes, but hell, i satisfied on this episode enough. I can't say something clear until all of episodes released, but if you like Batman you should check this game. It's good. Yeah, it's little bit faulty port but not like Arkham Knight faulty. It's playable."
76561198142572440,Not Recommended,498240,25636661,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Jackababy,Played the first episode with the graphics set to their highest aswell as the resolution and knowing that my pc is more than capable to run this game at it's highest settings I expected it to work. Instead I got a game that was laggy and out of sync so I tried it at it's lowest settings and it was still the same except the visuals were far worse than before. I do not recommend this game as it seems it chooses who's PC's it wants to work well on.
,Not Recommended,498240,26238486,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Everyone's Friend,"As it stands, finishing Episode 3, I don't recommend this game. Not only does it have countless performance issues, but with this particular product from Telltale, you can really tell that your choices do not matter. It's hard to give this game a bad review,  because the writing is great and they've done a good job with interesting characters and plot. However with performance issues seeming to only worsen, continous backlash ingame that you recieve even when you've done the best that you can, and getting blamed for actions you didn't even take, I currently cannot recommend this game."
76561198333849636,Recommended,498240,31873845,Posted: 20 May,all,DomiNation,"If you love Stories, and you love batman, you will love telltales Batman series!!"
76561198090364488,Not Recommended,498240,29450714,Posted: 23 January,all,ironmarrits,"Bruce Wayne, Thomas Wayne, Harvey Dent, Alfred, Penguin, Joker, Jack Ryder, Vicky Vale, Mayor Hill, the Batmobile out of character. All of them, and not in good way. With only Selina Kyle, Zsaz and Lucious Fox the only ones staying in character you can't get a game that feels like Batman. A story realy hard to believe in or fall for. A game based on storytelling with not much of a story to tell."
76561197970936803,Not Recommended,498240,33167816,Posted: 2 July,all,Great Wasabi Man,"UPDATE! I requested a refund.  The bad story, the what will be known now as the arm break heard round the world, having it CTD, the first game in a while thats done this and the FPS so wonky it matchs how the characters act from scene to sceneI got the ""huge twist"" and it was so out of left feild I'm pretty sure that TT just knows batman like a FB fan of the week.  Without spoilers, it makes as much sense and true to the batman mythos as Alfred being Red hood or for star wars, if Lando ends up being the 3rd skywalker.Again no spoiler but save your money. Read A long halloween for the ♥♥♥♥♥ hit the fan/that escalated quickly tone, For key plot points read Court of Owls from the New52 era, read year one, watch batman begins, watch the Dark knight, watch mask of the phantasm. Dumb them down ridicously, toss them in a blender and thats this game.This is a game for batman fans that are such huge fans that Jason Todd being AK was a huge unexpected twist or that talking about Harvey Dent becoming two-face is a game ruining spoiler.UPDATE 2: Forgot something, I keep seeing something about a closed eyes bug. I had broken neck bug where in conversations characters heads would be turned in such an inhuman way. One scene it was most noticable.  When Wayne gives Gordon evidence on Falcone, Gordon was looking at noone and Wayne was doing creepy asian horror movie neck turns.  Sometimes looking at no one then like an abrupt edit happened and he was suddenly looking at gordon.This scene too, why would Wayne bring evidence to Gordon if Batman would be the one to want to build a rep with the GCPD and it's more believable that Bats has the evidence not the billionare playboy trying to distance his family from Falcone?!?!?  This isn't even not knowing batman mythos, this is lack of logic or just really bad writing..like BvS quality.Hmmm who should give the evidence, the vigilante who this would look like an attempt to want to work with the poilce or the billionare who this would look like one criminal family trying to sink the other to save face in the eyes of the police by throwing falcone under the bus and not saying where he got the evidence.  GEEEE...which makes more sense?stuff like that...stuff like that.My old review for the luls...So far..first, there needs to be  middle of the road option, not a thumbs up but not a thumbs down.Halfway thought Part 3 and this is what it gets.  Not going to bore you with how much I love batman.  I like it for the most part so far, yet seems like they had a Scarecrow story going on with some court of owls and then said ""children of arkham that sounds original!"". I'll say this i'm a big enough fan to have gotten sick of the retreading over Thomas and Martha waynes murder, it's like if you can't come up with an original batman story just drag out that dead horse.I like the detecive work, the QTE's are ok.  The characters act like they would, to a point.  Just, the decisions, they don't make any sense and you can see them coming from a mile away.The ones that stick out to me so far..well ONE choice mostly cause 3 acts in the game is still harping on one thing I did in act 1, that mind you NO ONE SAW, they just saw the guy with a broken arm.This gets ranty cause holy crap it's like that one mistake you're SO will never let go..ever..on your death bed ""you broke that guy's arm 20 years ago ya know""  It's really annoying.I broke the snipers arms so he would never hold a gun straight again, batman would do that.  Hell he does it at the beginning of act III as a QTE.  Apparently in TT universe gangreen runs rampant and that murder's broken arm could have been fatal...kay.  This guy is a hired gun, he's murdered people but OH NOES you broke his arm.  the game doesn't let this go either it keeps coming up, over and over and over.In act III a cop says that a hired gun is lucky Dent beat him to death with his bear hands because batman would have done worse?  Yes in this game's logic a broken arm is worse than being beaten to death with someone's bare hands.  Or maybe he's referencing how I arrested Falcone thats sure worse than getting beaten to death..or wait..was it that I intimidated the mayor, didn't lay a finger on him..that sure is much worse than being beaten to death.  The ♥♥♥♥?NOT Penguin, this isn't THE Penguin sorry, it's not. He says you sure beat up Falcone...I didn't. After the game had a coniption fit cause I broke a snipers arm I made sure to take the arrest not the burtalize option.Gordon has a♥♥♥♥♥♥fit before the debate like I'm running around kicking puppies and curb stomping children..I BROKE ONE PERSON'S ARM.  It gets really obnoxious. Especially when Montoya kills Falcone in cold blood because she was mind controlled, thats cool at least she didn't break his arm!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!Things like this makes the later TT games feel like they just use ""choices bot 5000"" to write the games, they feel very mechanical and emotionless.All from that one choice the game acts like you're a rampaging psychopath everytime you so much as sneeze.  Mind you, you do far worse then break someone's arm in the QTE.It's really hard to say much else since the game will not let this go.There's other choices like ""oh no catwoman fell over and so did harvey what possible choice could happen here, sure not something similar to a particular batman movie..oh wait..The ole who do you save the girl or your friend who will probably blame you for his upcoming disfigurment when he eventually finds out trope.""  or help montoya all you get is a quick QTE and the game sends you to help Dent which was the other choice.  Why was that even an option???I'd give this a meh, for a batman fan play through it once enjoy the batman of it don't expect some great story with new revolations as it treads over the same things that have been gone over ad nauseam to the point where they feel like they're just shoved in there cause ""BATMAN THINGS"" like the GCPD underfunded and corrupt just gets a batsignal!?For a choices matter or at least interesting choices or even interesting branching story, it's kind of a cluster ♥♥♥♥ since that arm example is just one choice."
76561198320484303,Not Recommended,498240,24690545,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,iamamanix124,"Pls fix lag ASAP, game lags wayyy to much"
,Recommended,498240,24683313,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dreksiss,"It's really too bad that so many people are reporting problems with this game because THIS IS THE BEST DAMNED TELLTALE GAME YET!  I love Batman and this is just pheonomenal!  Everything ran smooth as butter for me.  The way you are allowed to play Batman is amazing! Your choices can reflect the Batman of law and order, or you can cross into the darkside and be totally brutal. The story is stellar, a completely new take on the Wayne family that leaves you salivating for more!  Hopefully everyone that is having issues can get them worked out because this is one hell of a game!"
76561198200331686,Not Recommended,498240,28382754,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sugar Knight,At first it's boring and awful but after a while it becomes just bad and funny. If the game were more stupid and less boring it may actually be worth playing ironically. Telltale games strikes out yet again with this game that is slightly worse than Game of Thrones.
,Not Recommended,498240,26424368,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Rickest Rick,"0/10Litterally unplayable on my GTX 560ti. I picked up the game after hearing about an update that fixed FPS issues for those with NVIDIA cards.Once the game asks me to press E to perform an action for the first time, my frame rate drops from about 40 fps to 5 fps. None of the ""fps fixes"" I found online helped. Just asked for a refund."
,Not Recommended,498240,26331272,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,dev.null,"Telltale Batman : Arkham KnightFix your♥♥♥♥♥♥telltale, the lag makes it unplayable."
,Recommended,498240,27256356,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,counti,Really good and exciting game.
,Not Recommended,498240,24684481,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,「classy」 #prayforvegas,"It's a buggy, laggy mess with no graphcs settings.I get 8 FPS on minimum resolution with no Anti-Aliasing, yet can run MGSV and 60+ FPS steady. Make of that what you will."
,Not Recommended,498240,24694278,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Slyphert,"After changing the PC's settings to the dedicated graphics, the MENU was ok. But the scenes are still laggy, and I can hear the sounds even before the scene happens... I've NEVER had such issues in any of my games that I've previously played, those include Telltale's. No, it is not possible to recommend it, yet."
76561198118034055,Not Recommended,498240,25831370,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Razor GO sCoOT ScOoT,"I loaded up the game to a black bar running through the middle blocking my entire view. i assumed it was nothing and pressed enter without any commands from the game. it black screened but as i pressed the arrow keys i released it was at a selection stage for accounts and episodes. so i somehow navigated through, made an account and got to what i presume was the starting episode. i clicked on it hoping that it would just load into the game. the screen goes black and the game crashes. would not reccomend for a batman game but if you want to solve a maze in the dark and get no reward this game becomes a 10/10Refunds are the only thing that works"
,Not Recommended,498240,29897447,Posted: 13 February,all,caubert,"Well it's a TellTale game. Just a bad one. Story is linear, does not evolve around your choises, and QTE is just harassing the player. So buy it if it's on SALE otherwise keep away from it. Oh yeah, and it brakes Batman's story completely,"
76561198080008810,Recommended,498240,24677035,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,I Hate Brady,"I dont usualy write reviews but this game is getting trashed, even though its amazing. i had no bugs or crashes through the whole game. the story is great, this is the first time i have seen something besides comics really focus in on what bruce wayne goes through. this game is as much a game about bruce then batman, if not more. it probably makes it sound boring but it makes you understand why he does what he does, mainly because you get to pick the reason. in my opinion this game creates the best batman character seen in anything but the comics. if you dont hate batman you will love this game. buy it."
76561198083620849,Not Recommended,498240,30780943,Posted: 27 March,all,Orangeinn,Stutter makes game unplayable. Can find no fix. Awful. I can run Arkham Knight but not this? What a joke.
,Not Recommended,498240,24694110,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Owl (doing commitions),aparently teltale took the FPS from the atari
76561198060798334,Recommended,498240,24695331,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,aelsbree79,"game ran great, loved the story! did ot have any lag or stutters. looking forward to the second episode."
76561198338152601,Recommended,498240,26756415,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,jdunn1354,Why dont i have episode 4??!?!?!?!
76561198204146356,Recommended,498240,26756467,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Forestfire88,why hasnt my episode 4 came yet it says its out
,Recommended,498240,25102006,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Lavender Courage,"A fantastic start to the series. After dealing with their FPS issue, this game has been an utter joy to play (at the time of writing only one episode has been released). The length of the quick time events feels longer than some of Telltale's older games, which is a welcome change. I found the story very easy to follow and you do not need previous knowledge of the Batman universe to play. My only slight negative was feeling that there was a little lack of exploration when finding clues/items or a sense of challenge. This is however a very small issue, as of course Telltale games are meant to be heavily story based! I can't wait to see what future episodes will bring."
76561198098799641,Not Recommended,498240,24995403,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,BOR GULLET!,"Yeah guys.. you really should fix the game, that patch didn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥for me, thsi review will be removed once performance issues are fixed."
76561198130823711,Recommended,498240,24695308,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Ethannex1,"[1st Episode]This might just be my favorite Telltale Game as of yet.  Im not getting any performance issues or bugs with the game like others seem to be getting.  My game runs with clear 30 fps and no bugs besides when it says to click RT i have to click LT instead (Xbox 1 Controller).  As for the Story and Choices?  Well it was amazing, you get the feeling that your picking your own batman, a Brutal like in BVS, a Bale one like in Dark Knight, Arkham Bat like in Arkham City, etc.  It is Your Batman; your choices.  This might be my favorite Telltale game yet.[2nd Episode]My review of the second episode is still positve but less so than the first.  I dont know why but I think i just felt more excitement in the first episode, that being said, istill loved this episode.  Story and Characters where once again brilliant, This episode still kept me engaged the full time soaking in the story.  Choices in it where fun but hopefully we will see some kind of backlash/consequences in future episodes cause they werent here as far as I could tell (ill replay and make different choices just to check)But overall i enjoyed it and still love the game so far"
,Recommended,498240,25001643,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,fargus,"Constant 10 FPS at launch, but after they adressed the issues game ran over 60 the whole time, its batman, its telltale, its good."
,Recommended,498240,24675975,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TimaT bets.gg,"I see all the negative reviews are from bugs and lag, i played the first episode with no problems, and was the best telltale game i have played since TWD s1, still only the first episode so cant say its my favourite to soon"
,Not Recommended,498240,24681982,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,OnoDWeber,"FPS issues are ridiculous. If I can play TWD and The Wolf Among Us with absolutely no issues, this shouldn't be as terrible as it is."
,Recommended,498240,24696915,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,SPC Boom,"First and foremost, aside from abyssmal framerate, I had zero technical issues.  Perhaps I'm one of the lucky ones, perhaps those who are dealing with crashing and the like are just unlucky.Patches are being released even as I type this to fix the things others have been talking about, so take the mountain of ""Not Recommended"" reviews with a grain of salt.Short version: If you can look past (hopefully temporary) technical issues, you'll get a story-driven narrative that breathes new life into Batman games, and you get to be a bad♥♥♥♥♥sometimes, too.As for the game itself, I found it enjoyable, despite having to be always alert for mouse/key prompts.  I think this game's biggest strength is in making me feel like I was actually playing the part of the ""world's greatest detective,"" compared to the ""punch everything that looks at you funny"" playstyle of Batman games before this.  Likewise, playing a fair portion of the episode as Bruce Wayne was just as refreshing and exciting.I can't shine enough light on this, after having almost nothing but action-focused Batman games for decades, it just feels good to showcase his intelligence a little, alongside the fighting.This is Telltale, so expect some of their usual perks and flaws.  Good storytelling that provides something familiar, yet different from the established canon, a la their rendition of GoT.  On the other hand, there were a few times were my decisions or intentions weren't reflected by the game or dialogue, an unfortunate downside to a dialogue choice system that often boils down whole lines into a few words.  Annoying, but only happened to me once, maybe twice."
76561198036213975,Recommended,498240,24697184,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,omichot,"Quite weird to see all these posts. I experienced no issue at all (no bug, no freeze, no slowness). Out of that, the game is really cool; especially if you are a bat fan (if you like noal movies :) ). Really good point for the soundtrack and graphics."
,Not Recommended,498240,24803660,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,FLEXO,"I trusted Telltale Games. I preordered this game when I saw it on Steam. But I can't play it now. Edgy graphics, terrible performance. The patch and the drivers didn't help. I'll wait a while longer, hoping they'll fix this bull***t, but I sure as hell won't be preordering their games anymore."
76561198295711469,Recommended,498240,24697395,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,RAMikal,This game was great. I'm just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that it left me on such a cliffhanger.
76561198055480837,Recommended,498240,24890265,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,whomper121,Broke a man's arm 10/10
76561198258818908,Not Recommended,498240,26755045,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Curiosity,At the moment I can't recommend this game. Three crash in 11 minutes!
76561197987872837,Recommended,498240,29065219,Posted: 6 January,all,Ansonia,"Batman - The Telltale Series is an amazing game. I'd recommend to anyone who's looking for a good 9 - 10 hour adventure. Combat is fun, it brings classic Telltale button pressing and Batman♥♥♥♥♥kicking together.Story is interesting and if you're already a Batman fan it'll get you hooked!"
,Recommended,498240,29276452,Posted: 15 January,all,HumaTT,"Two things: This is top-form Telltale. Really good writing with a focus on Bruce Wayne, and choices that feel like they shape the story. The battle-strategy aspect of the combat is light, but still engaging.The other thing: I can't believe the story went there. Four chapters in, I kept expecting them to backpedal on that revelation. But they didn't. And the game is better for it.But still...I can't believe they went there."
,Recommended,498240,29889202,Posted: 12 February,all,Bryanna,"Honestly, I see this game getting a lot of hate but I dont think all of it is deserved. Yeah, the game was a bit of a mess at the start with framerates and crashes, but that has improved a lot.Pros:-Good Story With Twists-Voice Acting Is Well Done-Some Replay Value-The Quick Time Events Were Not That Bad, Only ♥♥♥♥ed Up With A Cat-Interesting New Takes On Characters and How Stapled Knowledge In The BatMan Franchise Was Changed and Kept The Same-You Can Empathize With Most Characters-Most of The Framerate Issues and Whatnot Seem To Be Fixed (GTX150TI, 2.8ghz Intel, Maxed Settings)-Only One Crash At The Very StartCons:-Sometimes The Transitions Will Pause While The Audio Still Goes On, Only Happens For A Second Or 2 Though-I Wish There Were More Options For Dealing With Deep Characters, Like Alfred, Oz, Vicki, And Selena.In conclusion, I would rate it 9/10. If you are a BatMan fan, and love good stories, this is hands down a game you need to get and try. There even is a free episode to download, to see if you might like this game or not. On sale, it is worth considering for those new to the TTG games and for familiar faces. I would strongly suggest picking up Tales From The Borderlands and Life is Strange over this game though. Both of those get a 10/10."
,Not Recommended,498240,28810463,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Leonel,"Do not buy, there is literally no choices that you actually make and btoh bruce wayne and batman do not feel like the real versions of themselves. if you saw batman v superman and felt that dissapointment after watching that movie this will be on par, you are not missing out because this is not a batman game, just another company trying to make money by destroying what batman really is. I have played the walking dead season 1 and 2 and wolf among us and those were fantastic but this is sheer dissapointment, look up other trustful reviews before you make that decision."
,Recommended,498240,29052152,Posted: 5 January,all,Troll Under The Bridge,"I'm not gonna lie, this might actually be my favourite depiction of Batman as a character in any medium outside comics.The paradoxical thing about making a game based on a popular, well-known character is that, while you have to adhere to a certain set of characters, concepts and rules, within those rules you're free to shake things up to offer a new take on something. This is typified, I feel, in Telltale's version of a Batman story, which while sticking to a certain set of characters and ideas, subverts or inverts many of the cliches that a modern audience associates with the character.This version of Bruce Wayne isn't traumatised by his past, he's dealing with it via a complex psychiatric technique called 'being Batman.' This version of the Dark Knight isn't a brutish fighter, but instead a strategist using gadgets to carefully set out attack plans and tactics. And, most importantly for me, this version of Harvey Dent doesn't just switch over to evil when his face gets ♥♥♥♥ed up- instead of a psychotic murderer, he's a tragic figure who clearly knows there's something wrong with him, but is unwilling or unable to do something about it. After half-a-dozen movies which have only really shown one version of these characters, it's nice to see something a little different.Without wishing to spoil, there are also some great moments within the story. The mandatory Telltale twists are in there as expected, but then there's some really nice story points, like Bruce's complicated relationship with Catwoman (the bit where they meet each other out-of-costume is ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant), and a surprising new take on the murder of Bruce's parents. I especially appreciate a scene in Arkham Asylum, where a character is encountered who the audience is surely familiar with, but in-game Bruce doesn't know- it's some great suspenseful writing.I know people have complaints about this game, like how the action is a bit weak and the choices a bit shallow, but all I can tell you is that I really, really enjoyed it. If you're a Batman fan, a Telltale fan, or just like a new twist on an old formula, I highly recommend you check it out."
76561198007440566,Not Recommended,498240,26397561,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Shadow,Great story because it's BATMAN. However too many performance issues for me to give this an upvote.
,Recommended,498240,29263232,Posted: 14 January,all,Yurdle The Turtle,"Short review:+Decent story+Creative use of Batman lore - Telltale takes enough liberties to keep you interested, yet not too much to detract from the base IP+Use of both Bruce and Batman is refreshing, as few games explore Gotham politics as Bruce-Lack of rewind feature that is normally available in Telltale games, making replaying it a bit of a pain-In classic Telltale style, your decisions don't actually have a huge impact on the end results-Some technical issues I encountered (most prominent: frame rate drops in certain scenes)-It's a good game, but the Walking Dead, Wolf Among Us, and Tales from the Borderlands are better Telltale gamesTelltale once again strikes out with yet another licenesed IP, this time Batman. The story takes place early in Bruce's career, where the basics have already been laid out but there is tons of room for character development.What makes this interesting is that Telltale was ballsy enough to take some liberties with the Batman lore. Many of the basics are still there, like Batman beating up bad guys and Alfred still being his faithful butller. However, several characters have altered origins or developments that are quite different from the comics, leading to surprising and entertaining twists to keep you hooked. Case in point, not everyone is exactly the same as the comics, and this gives Telltale the room to basically make their own alternative Batman universe that still feels like it's ""Batman"", but is still novel enough to keep you interested.Another nice thing is this is probably the only Batman game so far that lets you play as Bruce Wayne - as in, the other side of the coin. Bruce obviously interacts with characters differently and you'll soon find yourselve embroiled in Gotham politics and scandals. Your use of Bruce's reputation and resources is just as important as prowling around as Batman, and it is really refreshing to realize both sides of the Bruce/Batman character. Who is the true person? Who is a mask for the other?This game marks their first debut of an upgrade to their aging engine used in all their previous games, but unfortunately it looks like they need more practice. The main problem for me was simply frame rate drops in certain scenes as well as some minor humorous bugs that distracted from the story. The rewind feature, a staple in previous Telltale games, is mysteriously missing in this, which kills replayability as you'll always have to start from the beginning rather than being able to choose chapters.And of course, in classic Telltale fashion, your decisions don't actually have a huge impact on the end results. A lot of times you'll find your decisions create a 'fork' in the journey, but then it ends up melding with the other possibilities so the end results are pretty similar no matter how you play. Still, the journey is still entertaining, as with previous Telltale games.Overall, the game is pretty decent and I can recommend it to anyone interested in a story. However, at the same time, their Walking Dead, Wolf Among Us, and Tales from the Borderland series are way better games than this. Play those first if you're looking to get into Telltale games."
,Not Recommended,498240,29056150,Posted: 6 January,all,Oshinigami,"I don't usually do this, especially when I haven't even properly played the game, but this is absolute trash due to its many bugs and lack of fixes. Telltale have always had high praise in my books, but I'm still having the same issue of 25fps constant even after this so called ""Fix"" was released. As far as I'm concerned, it's all a load of horse♥♥♥♥♥♥which did nothing as I installed and updated the game many months after it was released. All my drivers are up to date, no online solutions have worked, I have a GTX 1080 along with top of the line hardware, but I can run any other game (including the more intensive games like Battlefield 1) on 1440 Ultra with 100+ fps easily. When these clowns manage to ACTUALLY fix this game, I'll play it and give it a proper review. Until then, I'm absolutely disgusted with this release."
76561198108177325,Not Recommended,498240,29913558,Posted: 13 February,all,The Pickles,"So much potential for this game and it didn't deliver. If you're looking to play a Telltale game or a Batman game, dont buy this one. The story is so convuluted and all over the place and the choices don't mater issue takes makes you question why you bother playing this game in the first place."
76561198080011995,Recommended,498240,29083496,Posted: 7 January,all,BOT Bob,Best batman game I've ever played so far
76561198100140451,Recommended,498240,29078492,Posted: 6 January,all,i@m@n!ck3R,This was a really good game. I just finished it and I thought the storyline was amazing. I like how it lets you play as Bruce and Batman. 10/10
,Recommended,498240,24697190,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Astro the Loser,"Just played through the first episode, loved it. A really good Batman experence! I AM BATMAN!"
,Not Recommended,498240,27002511,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chu4Lyfe,"Looks like a great story and game. But I'll be taking my money back.I waited a few months to see if they would fix the plagued issues people were complaining about. I gues snot... Unfotunately, this game seems to be half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the performance department. I'm getting a whopping average fps of 21. I don't know much about how demanding this game is, but an Nvidia GTX 1080 should be able to run this game over 60+ on 1440p. Maybe even 100. How do I get up to 90FPS on GTA V but I can't even get 60 on this game. Is this game that demanding? LMAOThis is the PC version, but it seems like I'm playing on a console version running at such horrid framerates. The game can't even keep up with my mouse."
,Recommended,498240,26243391,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,KnightOfTheDarkness,"Another fantastic narrative and campaign very addictive, a must for any DC fan must play ! A****"
,Recommended,498240,24835223,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Rabbit,"I ran this game with no difficulty. Windows 10 NVIDIA GTX 980M using a cheap ol walmart gamepad.First game of the Telltale Series that I've personally played, but I've watched others. I like it so far. I feel like the choices I made for batman were almost uncharacteristic at points... I found myself picking things just to hear him say certain phrases or carry out an action. That's part of the fun I guess ^.^I'm game for more episodes."
,Recommended,498240,27278904,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,loolerskater,"I have no idea what performance issues people are talking about. I've experienced none of that playing 1080p, gtx 770, i7-6700k. the game is brilliant. The story gets you hooked. Get some popcorn and sit back :)"
,Recommended,498240,24698444,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Cameron Taylor,"Whilst I only chapter 1 is avaliable, I really enjoyed the gameplay and story telling. I would recommend this game as it has a good story to it. Also the combat is simple yet is complex enough to be fun.I see other have complained about performance issues, I appear to have somehow avoided them. As I rarely dropped below 40 fps at 1080p resolution.System Specs:CPU: i7-3770K @3.5GHzRAM: 16 GB @ 1333 MhzGraphics Card: MSI Twin Frozer III Radeon 7850 HD 2GB model"
,Recommended,498240,24714081,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Kasser,"Edit: (Episode 3 release, 10/28/2016)The latest episode has indeed horrible performance issues and it certianly lags in some areas, especially on every car scene and when Bruce views his holographic map of of Gothim. Telltale need to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and patch this game.Gameplay mechanics so far feel unchallenging. I feel Telltale intended to make this game accessible. You hardly can't miss a QTE and even if you pressed the wrong buttons it won't count as a miss. Personally I don't mind it as long as you're considering this game as an interactive movie.Story so far is....... interesting. It is leaning toward the realisim of the Nolan's movies but the presentation feels like a Batman comic. I'm sure Batman fans will find themselves divided on whether they'll like it or hate it. Nevertheless, it is a different take on Batman and we'll have to see how Telltale will wrap it up in the next couple of episodes.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Original Post (Episode 1 release):This game plays like an interactive comic of Batman. What's more unqiue about it is how long you play as Bruce rather than Batman. I loved the first episode pretty much and I do recommend this game to every Batman fan.Regarding performance, I played the game with a GTX 780 on 2K resolution (drivers updated). I did have few moments of ~30 frames per seconds and one crash to desktop. Thankfully, the game do autosave very frequently so you aren't losing time if the game happened to crash once or so.  The game is not that horrible in performance as some people mentioning in the reviews."
76561198046087875,Recommended,498240,24748015,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,5h33p,"♥♥♥♥ YOU TELLTALE! 2DIFFICULT CHOICES! >_>Really, choices are ♥♥♥♥ed up.Well, the game is going to blow my mind 4real."
,Recommended,498240,24675661,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Amurol,"Wow, don't know what's up with other players' computers, but mine just worked fine, except for that temporary audio loss near the end in the Skyline Club. It does dip in framerates a bit, but nothing major or game-breaking. Pretty sure they'll fix that up in a patch.It's not perfect, but that's what you've come to expect with Telltale games technically. Story's fresh, as all Telltale games are. Really interested in the Bruce + Oz dynamic.Bottomline is if you're a fan of Telltale and Batman, get this now. if not, perhaps wait till all the episodes are out and the bugs ironed out later. 7 out of 10!PS: Bruce looks like Archer in this haha"
76561198039642906,Recommended,498240,24715599,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,lstair,"""Telltale is running out of ideas"" - ""The gameplay isn't as good as TWAU"".The game is great, really sour that it had such a bad launch. And for people who say TellTale is running out of ideas, what exatly were you expecting when you bought this game? You buy TellTale games for the great story (which this game has one so far) and branching choices, not exatly amazing gameplay mechanics.If you're a fan of TellTale or love Batman this is definately a must buy. Please don't watch the countless youtubers playing through the game, it's best to make the game's choices yourself."
76561198071039825,Recommended,498240,24676884,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,EM Guy,"I had reservations, but after a playthrough I am definately on board with the telltale batman series. I noticed some clunky dialogue but that's a given in a choose-your-story game. I had no techincal issues aside from getting stuck on the codex viewer in the batcave once, which was solved by going to main menu and back into game. Voice acting is overall very well done, could've been better for batman but it's no deal breaker. Overall good start to a hopefully amazing series. 8/10"
,Recommended,498240,24712452,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,The Huntress,"Experienced no issues while running this game. The story is so compelling and once again, I am not disappointed with Telltale. This is the Batman I would love to see in movies. Definitely worth the purchase."
76561197986389412,Recommended,498240,24675681,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Robba^,"Story is great so far in episode one. Hoping that I won't see any bugs in the next episodes. The only bug that I saw was that I could not get out of the codex screen in the beginning, so I needed to restart the game, but the savepoint was exactly before being able to use it.Had no graphics issues at all as other people are saying, If you like Batman you should either buy it now, because of the story or wait until next episode so they hopefully fix the issues some people are having."
,Recommended,498240,24682160,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,MRocky,"It lagged a little bit in the beginning when I first started, but after a few minutes it sorted itself out. Also, the only glitch I encountered was not being able to exit the Codex menu when first seeing the Bat-Computer.All in all, a decent entry to Telltale series. Can't wait for episode 2!"
,Recommended,498240,24715106,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Lockle,"I absolutly loved the first chapter of this telltales game which comes in at the one and a half hour mark. A joy from start to finish.As a fan of the comics it really felt like I was Bruce wayne.Telltales have nailed the batman persona and look, something the movie industry struggles with. But thats another topic alltogether.If you are a fan of Batman and the tell tales series this is a must buy!In reguards to how the game performs I had no issues here.But then again im not running it on intergrated graphics..And now im stuck waiting for chapter two!"
76561198178413750,Recommended,498240,24675790,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Radiolysis,Sorry to hear about everyone having so many technical issues with the game.  I only encountered one minor glitch which was fixed with a restart and the game never dropped below 70 fps for me.  Really enjoyed this first episode.  Hopefully TT will get things ironed out soon for those having issues.RIg:Intel 6850k @ 4.4 ghzGTX 1080 x 232 gb ram @ 2400 mhz1440p 144hz monitor
76561198039841672,Recommended,498240,24677139,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TurdFergBerg,"I liked it.  albeit the graphics resolution needs to be touched up, it was a pretty good experience.  It sets the ground work for the story over all and I can't wait to play the next episodes."
76561198089042251,Recommended,498240,24683238,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dark Prior,Great Game so far .. No problems........... Story is Awesome   Got 100 fps at 1440p ( UWQHD ) through the whole game.
,Recommended,498240,24677175,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Lerzif,"Great game, no bug no lag issue for me ran it max 60fps all the way"
,Recommended,498240,24677897,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,SirDiesAlot,"Excellent first epsiode, despite the 3 crashes I had while playing it! Looking forward to seeing what is to come from Telltale!"
76561198275568195,Recommended,498240,24702521,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Steeno,"The story was fantastic for the first episode and the choices really help you shape your own personal Batman/Bruce Wayne. The game ran fine despite one crash, and I didn't experience any framerate issues. This seems like Telltale's next big hitter. 10/10"
,Recommended,498240,24675660,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Crokoking,Had none of the issues reported so far. After launching the game i pressed alt-enter to to go fullscreen and was able to change the resolution to 1080p without issues. you just have to exit the menu twice to make the resolution actually change.The game itself is really well made. You have the feeling your choices matter. The QTEs are fun - you definitely feel like batman.The UI itself is a bit wonky. One major mechanic is a link-mechanic which does not work great.Also hit a bug where i was unable to leave the codex view. Had to reload to get out again.So yea - needs a patch but its definitely pretty good.
76561198029974195,Recommended,498240,24676344,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Brigt,"From what I've played, this seems to be a REALLY good game. Really looking forward to playing the rest.As for the technical issues, I haven't really noticed much of them. I have had a few stutters that's it. They'll probably fix it quite soon. I'd probably wait buying it until they've fixed the reported bug.As I've said, it worked pretty good for me so chances are it will probably work for those that have similar specs as me. Here's what I have:CPU: Intel i7 4770GPU: MSI R9 390OS: Windows 10RAM: 16GB DDR3"
76561198091031187,Recommended,498240,24676363,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Modern Warfare God,"Lucky enough to be one of the few players that havent had any problems at launch, i can easily say as a fan of both the batman games and comics that this is a solid 8/10 for the first episode. I can only see it progressing well through future episodes as they introduce more characters and villians from the DC universe."
,Recommended,498240,24682082,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,cheesebobi,"I played this game on the windows seven version, I cannot speak for the windows eight version.This game is really good, it is a shame that people are finding it buggy. Personally the only buggs encountered were a few missing sound files, like batman having a conversation with alfred and alfred didn't speak his dialogue. However this will defenetly be fixed soon and for now I recomend having subtitles on to make sure you don't miss anything. Overall this game is... well I cannont say since I havn't played it all but judging by the first episode it's defenetly worth a look at."
76561197986457031,Recommended,498240,24750501,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,NLBladeNL,First Telltale game i ever played and I'm already hooked. Blasted through episode 1 already and I can't wait for the next episodes to come out.
,Recommended,498240,24752534,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,PlayStation Fanboy,"It is quite a thrilling game. Playing as Bruce Wayne is interesting and amusing; making political choices is something that I never got to experience in any other Batman videogame.Playing as Batman is also amusing. You can either play and act ""by the book"", or you can go full Dark Knight, which adds a lot of thrilling tension to your decisions.The game does have issues when running it, but once you get past that, you are in for an excellent story."
,Recommended,498240,24675886,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,FireBolt,Not sure why I'm seeing so many negative reviews pointing towards poor framerates and random crash. On a i7 4770 and GTX 1070 here. Game runs perfectly fine. And now about the game itself. Good intro and looks like they've set up a great premise here for the upcoming episodes.
76561198077500047,Recommended,498240,24676228,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Not Mexican,"First off, this game is not buggy for me. I was able to change to my max resolution and played through the game at high fps. I'm not sure if this matters but did everyone make sure to chose the correct version of windows when launching the game? If so then idk what the problem is though as im typing this steam just started downloading an update for the game so maybe its a fix?Anyways, bugs aside, this game was really fun. It might not give me the same feeling I got from playing TWD or TWAU but thats probably because I'm already familiar to batmans story and it wasn't entirely fresh to me. I was skeptical when starting the game because i wasn't sure if I'd like the batmans voice but they did a pretty good job. While there are quite a bit of quick-time events, they were nice and fluid and fit perfectly. They also added a new game mechanic to this telltale story. You can link evidence to try and put together a crime scene and understand what happened. I am not sure how restrictive this mechnic is as I've only done one playthrough so far but it may give you different outcomes based on how much you investigate.As far as the story goes I am quite intrigued. While there are decent amount of scenes playing as batman, this episode mostly focuses on bruce wayne's problems. Not that this is a bad thing as you'll learn when you play it. I'm not sure if this is following a comic or if its an original tale but I'm enjoying it so far. Once again they leave they episode off on a cliff hanger and now I have to wait a few months to continue. Though from what I've learned after binge watching netflix shows on release date, this is probably a good thing for me."
76561198039381077,Recommended,498240,24677178,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Your Nan,It was great unlike many people i was able to complete the game without any problems and it was amazing!
,Recommended,498240,24675786,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,charissa1404,"I've read that many people experienced bugs, fortunately everything runs smooth for me on highest resolution on windows 10 pro.I love the atmosphere, and the quicktime eventa are very good! I like the challenge in the new key combo's, to keep me alert.Also regretted shaking someone's hand..."
,Recommended,498240,24676014,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tech,"This game is great when it comes to detective work. The ability to recreate crime scenes without the unrealistic holograms everywhere is great (arkham origins). Troy Baker plays a pretty good Bruce Wayne along with a pretty good Batman. I didn't like the main villain but I thought Penguin was good. The combat was my favorite part about the game. There are still quite a few bugs(weird head movements and voices not being heard), but it's still a playable game. The thing I hated most was Harvey Dent. The fact that he still becomes the same twisted lunatic if you save him or not is totally unrealistic and just bad writing.All in all, if you enjoy Batman, I'd play it."
,Recommended,498240,24677325,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,CreepyFriki,"AWESOME GAME.Seriously. I can't wait for the second episode.The gameplay was awesome. Great fighting sequences.The story, awesome. I get to feel like Batman taking decisions.Just what I was expecting."
,Recommended,498240,24677895,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Lego Master (Alt),"I know many people have been complaining about the game lagging like hell, though I have not experienced this. It's run perfectly for me and I totally love the game. I have an Acer Predator G3 7100, 16 GB Ram, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950, 3.40 GHZ. I just played the first episode and I am totally intrigued. I have already fallen in love with this story and am dying for a second. Hopefully Telltale will release the second episode soon."
,Recommended,498240,24713349,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,YouTube: MarKing,"Graphics look amazing, like most Telltales Games.Is a bit pricy though, so recommended to get during the sale."
76561198045845543,Recommended,498240,24749202,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Brodie,black screen of death - WHAT THE HECKCKCK
,Not Recommended,498240,24675913,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Thegreen16,it's really bad
76561198122483083,Recommended,498240,24677699,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Hiekkalinna,"Enjoyable expierince from Telltale, liked the plot and the gameplay.I personally didn't expierince any game breaking bugs or any crashes at all, some minor stuff from time to time, like subtitles lagging and I was also unable to exit the codex, when it was the first thing I did, when it became available in game.But these problems didn't take away from my enjoyability so I would recomend it, if you can stand some minor bugs that the game has at the moment. If you don't want these bugs, I would recomend to wait a while so that they are fixed."
,Recommended,498240,24682126,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,GrowlyBear,"First off, let's get talk about the elephant in the room. Seems to be a lot of negative reviews surrounding performance issues. While it's not a one size-fits-all solution, anytime a game is released, you should be making sure your GPU drivers are up-to-date. There's also some unintuitive menu design, such as having to hit previous menu twice before it will apply your graphics settings.On to the actual game itself. This is a pretty solid entry for the series. Troy Baker does an admirable Batman, and the rest of the voice cast is strong as well. I found the story to be pretty engaging, even though parts of it felt a bit trite - being what is essentialy a first issue, I'm more than happy to see where this goes.Character design is well done, everyone looks pretty much how I expect them to look - except a certain criminal mastermind whose appearance is a 180!What I really enjoyed was having to play both sides of Bruce - Mr. Wayne and Batman. I often found my decisions colored a bit by past experience with comics, movies and cartoons, but the choices all felt meaningful to me, and I like the idea of fleshing out my Bruce Wayne/Batman. It's definitely more Bruce heavy, but not by a huge margin - it's a decent balance of both.Honestly if you're a fan of Batman and story-driven games, you're going to like this."
,Recommended,498240,24698048,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,CyborgPirateNinjaJesus,"I am so sorry for all the people who are unable to play this game the way it's meant to be played. I Have seen alot of negative reviews saying that the FPS is an issue, audio lag and out of sync dialouge and so on, but for me it has worked perfectly. No stuttering, no low FPS, no input lag, no audio issues.  Considering I haven't experienced any of the issues first hand, I feel uncomfortable praising it as much as I wanted to. By no means is this a perfect batman game, but as a huge batman fan I can say that i sincerely enjoyed it. For me the main issue was the storytelling, it has a story and I think the story can work out in the long run, but as of now with only one episode out I feel like it is kinda messy with alot of jumping from scene to scene with no real connection. I can apreciate what Telltale is trying to do with making you play as Bruce Wayne as Bruce Wayne and not only as batman, but I think they should swap the time played as Bruce and the time played as batman. As of game mechanics I really loved the crime scene investigation where you had to link the right evidence with one another, the same goes for the entry plan bit. I found noth of those scene to be extremely fun to play.Seeing that so many are experiencing issues with this game I would maybe wait with buying it, but once those issues get sorted I reccomend it."
,Recommended,498240,24682828,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Snake567j,This game is honestly amazing. The combat is great for a Telltale game and has a great story.
76561198007363930,Recommended,498240,24714976,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Forrix,"(Based on episode one)If you’ve played Telltale games before you know what to expect, here a stylized Game which puts a heavy focus on the Narrative, With QTEs Serving to help you feel engaged with any action happening on screen.If you dislike QTEs this game may not be for you.Story wise it treads very familiar ground, with obvious nods to possible  characters apearences, stories and plot twist, but has some interesting Character Design with Fresh takes on characters that I personally really enjoyed.The story begins rather slowly and as previously mentioned even treading some very familiar ground but picks up the pace mid-way through and takes some unexpected turns, and was even able to surprise me, which I quite enjoyed. The type of choices the game allows you to take, makes you feel like the batman you want to be and see. The decision making in this game has left me with a wanting for an Arkham-esque game with heavy RPG elements like decision making and Dialogue tied to the story. This game makes that a reality for me.Id personally Recommend this game if you’re a fan of batman on any level & of telltales games.However I have experienced some technical issues apparently related to Resolution, I play on a 1440p resolution but the cursor seems to be limited to a 1080p area in game, I resolved the issue by stepping down to 1080p no biggy but a little progress was lost."
,Recommended,498240,25617061,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,scott,"Time of review, end of episode 2.As a batman fan, I’m loving this game, it’s a very different point of view on how Bruce/Batman see things and how the story is told.Pros – different batman story.-	Fun lol.Cons – game is buggy as hell and its super annoying…. (been 2months and still hasn’t been fix).-	Episode are about 2 hours long, feel like they should be longer.-	Needs more batman.Overall I have been happy and im looking foward to the next episode just upset with the bugs in the game (hopefully they will be fixed soon)"
76561197980372335,Recommended,498240,25468409,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Francis,Batman!
,Not Recommended,498240,29831044,Posted: 10 February,all,Charon,Telltale games are great. Except this one. Had to install some obscure optional windows update just to get it to run and then it constantly stutters. Terrible. A big step back for Telltale. Really hoping the next Walking Dead installment doesn't have this problem.
76561197985903334,Recommended,498240,24697987,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Wayzz,it looks pretty queer but overall its pretty good. i would give it a uh 10/10. ?also i hav autism :)
76561198051006138,Recommended,498240,32327081,Posted: 10 June,all,Joey Wheeler,Great storytelling and overall one of the best games Telltale has made. Can't wait for season 2.
,Recommended,498240,27186645,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rickray,Can't wait for the final episode
,Recommended,498240,27249881,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Semtext,Batman is really not one of my favourite heroes. I think having money as a superpower is quite boring. But I enjoyed the Telltale Walking Dead games so I thought I'd give this one a try and I wasn't disappointed. 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,498240,27139267,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Viper,tis good
,Recommended,498240,24886955,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,bod4000,"Another great Telltale series, love the first episode and can't wait for the rest ^_^"
,Recommended,498240,24910241,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Sir Artorias,"The game is great, just like atelltale game should be.Please dont compare this to arkham series."
76561198276362690,Recommended,498240,24829516,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Violet_Elfling,Loved it.
,Recommended,498240,24952451,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Frazer /twitch.tv/monfreregaming,Really good start to whats going to be an amazing series!
,Recommended,498240,30524141,Posted: 15 March,all,Dozenbeer,"The game has some minor bugs and the interactivity is probably the weakest in any Telltale game so far......but my god is the story and atmosphere good.Pros:+ its definitely Batman, looks, atmosphere, rich lore+ voice overs are superb, top notch+ the choices you have to make are really hard and make it more intense+ on certain occasions you can choose if you approach a situation as Batman or Bruce Wayne+ the story is right out of the comics, really awesome addaptation+ the game stays interesting throughout the whole game, always putting you in different situations+ at the end of each episode you can see how the community made their decisionsCons:- the gameplay itself is very restricted and most of the time even pointless- your choices dont really have an impact on the story, the story will end the same way each time- some minor bugs, nothing gamebreakingI just loved it. The story was intense and I always wanted to know what is going to happen to the great characters. The gameplay is very shallow, but I see it as a somewhat interactive long movie. when you go to the cinema you watch a 2 hour movie for 15 bucks and thats it. With Batman you get a 8 hour experience that immerses you more into the story and atmosphere. Its definitely worth playing, just try out the free first espisode for yourself to see if its your thing."
,Recommended,498240,30647803,Posted: 21 March,all,ellietphonehome,I found this game to be quite enjoyable. All of my options (and there were SEVERAL) felt valuable and as if they helped shape the story. I also liked the responses if you did nothing. I think it is a neat Batman game that really could expand if it wanted to.
76561198110669895,Not Recommended,498240,24804148,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,zoso,"Most money I have spent on a Telltale game , and preordered it even. What a disapoinment , horrible frame rate and  crashes. What a money grab. Thank you Steam for the easy refund , and Steam perhaps you could try the release before you waste people's time , money and  unnecessary nonsense . Buyer Beware !!"
,Recommended,498240,24683617,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,smuzzi,Awesome
,Recommended,498240,25563021,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,scooterboy,The best Bruce Wayne in the Batman universe.
76561198004324233,Recommended,498240,25574653,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Loupy78,"This follows many good Telltale games, I have Walking Dead on my Ipad.   I like the face that you have conscience choices to either mane or not :)  Alfred is the continuing voice of morality that we have seen in many different variations of Alfred through the years.  Gordon is the overworked Cop that we expect.  I enjoyed the first episode and cannot wait until the next one!"
,Recommended,498240,24677364,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,digitalshot,"This review is based off the first episodePerformanceIm running this game on a Nvidia GTX 770 2GB of Vram, a Intel Core i5-4670 CPU @ 3.40 GHZ with 16GB of DDR3 RAM at 1080p on Windows 10. Game runs perfectly at 60fps with no frame drops at all. I have read a lot of the reviews for this game by other users on Steam who say that their game is extremely laggy. From what I can tell most of them are running the game on a laptop so they probably don't know that the game is most likely using their CPU's on board graphics instead of the video card in the laptop so they are just giving the game a thumbs down for that.Story and GameplayGameplay is pretty much the same as all Telltale games, pretty much QTE's. The storyline is pretty interesting. I'm not going to go into spoilers about it, the story revolves around Bruce Wayne and his life and him trying to stop crime as Batman.ChoicesNow the Telltale games are known for making the player make a decision and certain elements in the story later on in future episodes are decided based on choices you made in past episodes. So I can't really talk much about if the decisions you make right now have an effect later on seeing as how there is only one episode. I will point out one thing about a choice I made this episode that sort of baffled me. I'll try to make this spoiler free. At a later point in the game you as Batman have to interrogate a suspect. Now you can beat his face or ribs in with a steel pipe or just do a scare tactic like I did and hit the barrels next to his face. After some dialogue you apply pressure to his arm trying to scare more information out of him with the threat of breaking his arm. Once he gives you the information you can choose to break his arm or let him go. I chose to let him go and not make Batman a monster. After this encounter there is a voice over with Alfred saying that I'm a monster for beating that guy to a pulp. WHAT?!! I never hit him and I never broke his arm. Now it could be a bug because after the encounter with the suspect it tells you that Gordon noticed you didn't hurt the guy, or it could be that this game doesn't really care about the choices you make. Who knows.OverallOverall I'd say if you're a fan of the Batman then pick up this game. The story is intriguing enough that you want to see more.Based on this episode alone I rate this game 8/10."
76561198119541699,Recommended,498240,25639308,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Artemis Faros,Really good game love the optional 'humane' route personally I don't think that Batman is ment to be 'humane' but it adds personality to him plus it isn't just playing as Batman and inculdes Brace Wyane which is a good change to other games of the Batman franchise.
76561197962574839,Recommended,498240,24682640,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,jj604,"Great game no issues here if ya got the money and a decent pc and liked the walking dead this is it,ran great on my rigi5 4670k @4.5sli 970s"
76561198163011481,Recommended,498240,24682697,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Glockcoma,"Okay so I bought the game, got to a certain point a few minutes in and the game became unplayable due to lag. checked the community guide and did the nvidia workaround game and IT RUNS FINE.And this game is amazing. If your a fan of batman or a fan of telltale you'll love this game. The Fanservice!! Some of the characters theyve reintroduced like man, this series is going places.10/10 if you can get it to run."
,Recommended,498240,24682530,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,EpicGamers11,"Although I had trouble getting it to run smoothly, when I did I was blown away. The story was great (although pacing was odd at times) and really set up the next episode well. I do have my predictions on what is happening but I'll keep quite. The choices you had to make were interesting and I really felt like they had weight to them (especially when you met Carmine Falcone). The combat sequences, aka quick time events, were engaging and better than other Telltale games mostly becuase you got to see Batman be badass. The one detective sequence within the first episdoe was phnomenal and actually required detective work, which has never REALLY been done in a Batman game before. Can't wait for the next episodes.The game does have bugs though. For example, the game also bugged for me and wouldn't let me change the resolution of the game past 1536X841 unfortunately. Also couldn't play in fullscreen wihtout lag.Rate: 9/10 (great story and set up, but the bugs at the beginning were annoying)Episode 2 Update:It has been a month and a half sicne episode 1 released and I was super excited for this one. Despite it being, what seems like, signifcantly shorter than the first episode, it was an amazing episode. I saw what was coming for the most part, but as for what I didn't see coming was incredible. No techincal issues this time around, but I still can't play in full screen without extreme game-breaking lag. All in all, I'm still really enjoying this game and canot wait for episode 3 and I plan to get this for PS3 after all of the episdoes have released.Rate: 9/10 (would be 9.5 if not for how short this episdoe was)"
,Recommended,498240,24965898,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Company Master Balthasar,"This was my first real foray into the Telltale games, and holy hell, this was actually better than I expected. It may be because it is a Batman game, and I do enjoy me a good Batman story.I have to say, do NOT buy this expected good fluid combat, or even gameplay, to be honest. It is a Telltale game (I have watched them before, I just don't consider that a good enough experience to write a review).If however you are looking for a good interactive story experience, then buy it. I have to say that I am actually invested in the story. I see it said a lot in other reviews but it DOES feel quite like an animated comic book.Can't wait for more episodes. Good on ya Telltale.EDIT: Episode 2 was released. Thus far it has been a continually good experience."
,Recommended,498240,24956388,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,CIGANOCHKA,Not bad!
76561198124688796,Not Recommended,498240,30271400,Posted: 1 March,all,maxwell.lord,"And suddely the game chance my save by his own ""choice"". I saved Selina in the 2nd, but im the 4th episode is Dent who was saved. So now I have to beggin all over again. :(. What a game!!!It´s seem that Telltale isn´t working on bugs."
,Not Recommended,498240,25404401,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Newb,"It is truely unfortunate after a month of the game release, there are people that are still having frame rate issues that make the game literally unplayable. I am one of these people, and this is the first time I've had a issue with a Telltale game. Very unfortunate and will not recommend buying until this issue is resolved."
,Recommended,498240,25604919,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Hi Five Ghost,"Just finished playing Episode 1.It was amazing.Stepping into the shoes of Batman has never been so real before. But make no mistake, this isn't just a Batman game. This is a Detective Comics game. It has everything you can ask from a Batman game - detective work (real detective work, not like Arkham Series' detective AI), lots of Bruce Wayne (yay for this!), the dilemmas and struggles of being Batman (like, really) and so on. So far, the script runs flawlessly and lines are great! It's an interesting story with some really good Batman moments. Although some lines (some of the answers of your character's) feel a bit sluggish, they are great in overall.Storyline is intriguing but how about the other aspects of the game?Well, controls are... You know, It's Telltale. It's pretty much point and click like all other Telltale games I know of. Nothing of really importance here.Graphics are again, comic-ish style generally. Standard Telltale issue. But the art is really nice. I like how Gordon is visualized. I liked Gotham City. I have some mixed feelings about the Batmobile, but it's nothing of a big deal really.Voice acting feels weird at first. Being used to Kevin Conroy has a part in that, of course, but sometimes the voice acting feels lacking in reflecting the intended emotion. But after playing for an hour or so voice acting gets it together and it flows fine.I didn't like most of the motion-capture (if there is any) or animations in general. Most of the time the fights didn't feel real and the way Batman moves sometimes looks absurd. But these can be overlooked as the game is not about fancy graphics and action scenes.One thing I do have a gripe about is the way Bruce acts. Maybe that's because he is portrayed as a ""rookie Batman"" but I do feel like Bruce Wayne, although a rookie in being Batman, is never a rookie in social interactions. He looks and talks like he is a 14 year-old beaten-up kid.The soundtrack is nice. It doesn't really bother you as you play but also pique your interest. The game also doesn't give you so much room to let you appreciate the music. In overall, it has tunes from BTAS and '89 Batman and is satisfying to listen. It won't let you down.Overall, I think this game is a must-buy for Batman fans and comic book fans in general. Also I believe this series have the potential to be better than anything Telltale have ever produced yet. It gives the feeling of Batman better than the Arkham games for me.My score for the Episode 1:★★★★★★★★✰✰ - 8/10EDIT: I didn't have any technical issues with a GTX 980 and Intel i5 4690K, latest drivers. But I have to say sometimes some sound effects that were supposed to be there was not there."
,Not Recommended,498240,29834210,Posted: 10 February,all,Blue,"A thorough disappointment, Batman, the Telltale Series, opens up with an iteresting take on the Batman mythos only to sideline its only twist and devolve into a by the numbers Batman story with fanservice galore. Technically substandard, even if you usually forgive Telltale for this, because at least in a gritty zombie apocalyptic fiction you don't need to portray superhuman athletic feats and mastery level martial arts, which happens here aplenty. I'd say only hardcore Batman fans need apply, and even then, only those who don't mind retreading this tired origin story for the upteenth time."
76561198005033755,Not Recommended,498240,29836700,Posted: 10 February,all,Gaudaloht,"As batman experience, it feels fresh, there are some twist to the character, their stories, origins, etcbut as a game its more tellatale ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, one qte here, another there, lazy made point and click, ilusion of choice everywhere, what a i mean, if you played 1 tell atale game you already played this game, and you can expect the same as always, the only saving grace its their take on batman"
,Recommended,498240,26277211,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dragoneer (4th Lee),"10/10 Nailed Selina so hard, it broke Two Face mind"
,Recommended,498240,28397083,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,FYONE,"So I just finished Season 1, and my opinion is this: the game is good.Despite what other reviewers have said, I have noticed that the choices DO MATTER. I'm not sure why people we're having that problem a lot, because I didn't notice it at all.The story is very interesting, and allows lots of room for you to react as you wanted to. The graphics are decent, the game runs okay after the many patches, and the music is fine.However, the gameplay is very slow and annoying. Most of it feels like basic filler; making you spend a long time solving very obvious puzzles. It's almost like when your math teacher marks off your correct answer because you didn't do it the way he wanted you to do it. I played with an Xbox One Elite Controller, which had problems for the entire series. Half of the buttons would randomly not work, and every now and then an update would change the controls on me. Basically I died a lot, and those actions not being read changed the story a bit too.Despite these problems, after the last episode and patch, it seems like everything is fixed and the game works perfectly now. Here's hoping TellTale can make more great stories with more great DC characters. They sure did better than the guys who made Dawn of Justice."
,Not Recommended,498240,24925842,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,moosemannnn,Too many glitches for me
76561198090920892,Recommended,498240,24947967,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Johnny Sin,"After reading several reviews about the performance issues, I decided to buy this game anyway.The game runs well on my laptop however the framrate might be an issue for some people (for me it's acceptable).The story is great and I really enjoy the action and the artwork. The characters are awesome and I hope to see more villains in the next episodes.If you're a batman fan, I highly recommend this game."
76561198087442392,Not Recommended,498240,24925219,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,marduk613,"PC user here. As of right now like hundreds (thousands?) of other PC players I've had miserable performance and followed every possible ""solution"" offered by Telltale/Steam to solve the problem to no avail. (I possess all the specs and updates they recommend.) I feel as though I've exhausted every option heretofore. I have no choice but to write a negative review. I purchased all episodes in advance. I'll give them until episode 2 to see if they can get the engine upgraded and fixed. If not, I'm asking for a full refund. If the issues are actually resolved, I'll gladly play the game and give a proper review based on its content (likely positive since I typically love Telltale's games). With this one, however, they've really blown it. It has unfortunately sullied what I thought was a really great and competent game developer. Deeply disappointed and makes me gun-shy about purchasing their future titles. One more disaster like this and I'll be done with them permanently. Shame."
,Recommended,498240,24936812,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Master_Criskywalker,"Telltale continues developing interesting interactive stories.Episode 1 has good storytelling, with good dialogue and cool twists. It's seeing more of Bruce Wayne and Batman as a detective.I wish this episode had more proper gameplay. Don't believe the hype: your decisions don't matter. It's still fun though. The graphics are good. You get to connect clues and that's about all the gameplay.I miss those day when you had inventory and dialogue puzzles in games like Sam and Max.Despite the lack of gameplay or decisions that have any real effect, Batman Episode 1 is a fun Batmobile ride. I'm looking forward the next episodes."
,Recommended,498240,33013140,Posted: 29 June,all,Maxlav,Telltale game and Batman game !!!! no other words just buy
76561198153988763,Not Recommended,498240,25915775,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,I HAVE A BIG AND NICE BOOTY,its really laggy the cutscene's frames and  voice acting do not line together
,Recommended,498240,28341134,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Co0lestcat Gaming | CS.MONEY,"Best batman game I've ever played, This game really gives the perspective of the Bruce Wayne side and the detective side of batman which I really love since it's a change from the normal action."
,Recommended,498240,24879457,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,IronLeo78,We're made of Bat-stuff. We are a way for the Batman to know itself.
76561198038594059,Not Recommended,498240,29935825,Posted: 14 February,all,rjb388,"**CONTAINS SPOILERS**-parents, parents, parents who cares they've been dead for many, many years but it's a staple in the story-boring-Harvey Dent before becoming 2 face- boring-the emergence of the Penguin- boring-the Joker before he became the Joker-boring-too much Alfred again- boring-Lt. Gordon before he became Commissioner Gordon-boring-an established character that they decided to turn into a complete psycho-WTF?The fact is I was looking for something new and instead I got alot of backround stuff that I already knew about. I would have preferred them to use either a canon enemy and focus completely on them or a new enemy. Not this rambling story that goes all over the place. The game is just one big disjointed whack a mole. hahaOh yeah and the QTEs are buggered in places like even if you miss a button the game ""seems"" to do it for you as though you didn't mess up."
,Recommended,498240,24957317,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,MusicalBen,This game was highly anticipated since it's announcment and it dosn't dissapoint. Telltale games are on form agian with another great game. Highly recommended for any Batman or Telltale fan.
,Recommended,498240,24955190,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,(sharp),Very impressed with Episode 1. Telltale has done good by Batman so far. I'm very excited to see what they do with Batman and Bruce as characters.
76561198007028042,Recommended,498240,24676973,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Architect,"Okay, let's be honest. Launch can be a little shakey, for most - if not all games. Yes, it sucks and no it's not always forgivable - but I'm sure there will be a patch for those of us with minimum requirements and we'll forget about the initial problems.My playthrough is fine - but that's because I've changed out my toaster for a better computer. Now my wallet is empty. But that's beside the point - point is: This feels like a ""Batman"" game. The story so far has been worth while, and I'm already finding myself questioning everything.I wasn't attracted to the other Telltale games, though I dabled in the GoT one, but this one has actually got me hooked. As a Batman fan - good work. Can't wait for the other episodes!"
76561198042860010,Not Recommended,498240,28470120,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Meiyjhe,"It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ Choices don't matter as always. Story and characters are not immersive whereas that should be the point of games like these. Often had problems with bugs too.Telltale formulaic BS makes them do a good episode 1 that makes you interested to keep playing the rest as well and then the rest disappoints. Here is why (spoilers incoming):One of the earliest major decisions that you make for the game is whether or not you want to stay on Harvey's good side or not. Throughout the entirity of the first few episodes where time and time again came the opportunity to help out Harvey, to save him and to make sure that everything stays okay, no matter what you do Harvey will still hate you at the end and wants to steal your property. Like what the hell, why even present all these options when you are going to do NOTHING with them.And then the flawed logic of the characters is unbelievable. Like Harvey is one thing, right. But then you get fired from Wayne Enterprises because of your father's same (all well and dandy). As you have to step down, instead of the board appointing someone as a new CEO from the inside, they appoint Cobblepot. What?! They have no experience with the dude, he has no experience with business and they don't even NEED a face per se. That is so rediculous. But okay don't overthink these things right, stories can have some flaws.Now you step down and get drugged punch someone in the face. Harvey doesn't like that so you get sent to Arkham. You arrive and you get beaten up. Then this lady tells you they KNEW that you were going to get beaten up, but ""not this soon"". What kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is that? Why not give Bruce some extra protection? Oh yeah these doctors really care about their patients, way to make their intents believable telltale.I didn't mind the Joker much, he was more like an overenthusiastic nerd than a real threat, but it does feel like there is more going on in his head than what actually happens. I am okay with that. What I am not okay with is that you get freed the same day and then get assaulted by a few random people (again, no matter what you do beforehand, everyone will hate you). The guards are completely okay with your property being smashed and Harvey might've lost his mind, but that doesn't mean all the bloody people in the city must have done that too.Then at the end some more choices that don't matter, we get the gist of it. Poor lady arkham had a sad history that was merely scratched on the surface and the end is how all cliche action movies end and that is with some BS symbology fight in a church (even that existing in that location was quite dumb). Then it all crashes down blabla, villain ran away but died anyway, you can slowly walk outside and all the♥♥♥♥♥♥falling down misses you of course of course.At the end you hold some speech and get assaulted... for some reason? That was also quite random and didn't add anything at all, since it was the end after all.So it ended and they want to make a sequel with the joker, surprise surprise. Don't buy this game. It is one of the worst experiences I had with Telltale. Each episode had trouble booting, regular lag. Those facts plus the lackluster story and character hopefully will be enough to prevent you from wasting your money."
76561197996598947,Recommended,498240,24701936,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Doseku,"Made it through Episode 1 and I have to say I enjoyed the game.The cell shaded look is pretty neat and fits nicely with the game.The QTE's aren't that bad although if you are playing with a controller you might not be able to execute your finisher and have to resort to keyboard for that.   But the switchover is seamless.Crowdplay is a neat idea and is more conducive to a party environment and not for viewer interaction on streams.The reason being is because the others in crowdplay only get colors and not actual text options so if you are streaming the game on something like twich with it's 30 second delay the participants won't have enough time to wait for the stream to catch up and will only have about four colors to choose from that has no context.It is pretty neat in that it allows for other people to actually override your decision if enough people vote for a particular one that you didn't vote for.  So if you have a large enough group participating the main player could very well have his decisions made for them by the crowd, whether they agree with it or not.  It sure as heck happened to me at several points on the run.All told Episode one was a good start and I want to see where this goes.  I want to see what consequences my terrible decisions as batman have as the game progresses."
76561197964851891,Recommended,498240,24676112,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,MoonFace,Really enjoying this. Not all of the Bruce Wayne stuff hits the mark but it has a good try. The Selina Kyle bit bubbles beautifully. The Batman Parts are great. As for bugs I have not hit any yet.
76561198121106733,Recommended,498240,24676879,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Riddett,"Am seeing a lot of reviews that the game is buggy, fortunately it was not for me. It ran fine and in fact fixed a lot of performance issues ive had with previous telltale games!Regarding the game itself, it was fantastic and i cant wait for further episodes!Just wanted to share this comment to those of you reading the negative comments and are put off buying, go ahead,  it may be fine for you!"
,Recommended,498240,24676742,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,michaeltm83,"Didn't have any issues at all with the game except some frame drops to the 40s and 30s. The first episode was great, and I'm looking forward to see more.P.S My PC specs are an i7 4790 3.6 GHz, GTX 960 4GB and 8GB DDR3 RAM."
,Not Recommended,498240,25922404,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,LY,This game is not intergrated for NVDIA so don't get it until Telltale either fixes it or else just buy it on a consolde device.
,Recommended,498240,24676242,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Skandov | hellcase.com,"I loved the first episode, great story and events really drags you in and makes you care about what you say and do next, to keep your good reputation both as Batman and as Bruce Wayne.I played through the first episode, with a stable 60 fps, it only dropped to 30-40 once, when changing scene."
,Recommended,498240,25952044,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,thePankakeManne,"There's no button to say ""I'm Batman!"" - 0/10In full seriousness though, I absoutely love this game, even though I've never touched a Telltale game before this. The unique take on the story of Batman is just different enough to keep you guessing, but just familiar enough to give it that wondrous charm associated with Batman and co. Performance-wise it occasionally stutters or the sound desyncs/quiets down, even on a GTX980. It's nothing I can't deal with, though, and the game more than makes up for it on all fronts. Definitely excited for the remaining episodes to be released (and hopefully another couple seasons? We'll see.)."
76561198084142851,Recommended,498240,24707714,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,along727,"So far, I'm impressed. Biggest issue I have had is that the game will over ride my xbox controler and thought I was using a keyboard in the middle of QT events, only happened once and didn't majorly impact anything so not too much of an issue. Some of the controls are a little wonky at first, but you get the hang of it. Story is great so far, as is voice acting. Everytime theres someone who isn't Kevin Conroy doing the voice I have to get used to it, but Troy Baker is pretty solid. I have high hopes for the series this far, hoping it'll only get better. Overall score 8/10."
76561198045544429,Recommended,498240,26512410,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Puj,"I'm hella invested in the story and feel very involved with the characters. Just a bit upset that I have to wait for a month for another hour of gameplay in episode 3. Maybe wait until episode 5 is out before buying, but other than that definite recommendation"
76561198132119299,Recommended,498240,26266953,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,FogThunder,"Great story line with the same amount of action. If your looking to start a TellTale game, look no further."
76561198142712627,Recommended,498240,25700149,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Faggot Panda,"Honestly i like this game the story is good and the choices are tough so i dont get why there is so much hate toward it. I honestly think people should buy this because if you are a fan of a Batman related story driven game this is it and ive seen some people writing about bugs but i havent had any issues with how the game runs. So if youre a fan of Batman, Crime stories, detective work and a good story then buy this game. (I know the hate will hit me hard but idc)"
,Recommended,498240,25640366,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Leech,"I actually liked the game. I'm looking forward to Episode 3. I did feel Ep2 was a lot shorter than Episode 1. I've had no issues with the game being laggy or not working.Only issue i can think of is when using the controller, you get to a fight scene and you have to choose whether to throw an enemy at a pool table or on the bar stand. The choice interactions take forever to do whilst having a time limit.Good game none the less.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gl1Z_65Fekk"
,Recommended,498240,24675597,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sohe,"This game is absolutley amazing, I pre-ordered it and did not have any of the problems other people are reporting, I just finished the first ending, which ended on a cliffhanger, as you can expect from a telltale game.I rate it 8/10."
,Recommended,498240,26757101,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,SuperGrilled Salt,10/10
76561198112274484,Recommended,498240,34121609,Posted: 9 August,all,FacepalmMovies CSGO500,"I didn't really like playing a game that's more like a movie then a game, but I really liked this one. I played other games from Telltale and this is by far the best in my opinion. The story is good and there's a good amount of action so I doesn't get boring.The only bad thing I can say is there's no way in changing the controls, but you get used to them."
,Not Recommended,498240,33526422,Posted: 13 July,all,Vlasterx,"I loved this game, but I am giving it a negative recommendation because I have one big concern with Telltale games - choices DO NOT matter! No matter how you play, end of the chapter will be exactly as developers intended and so will be the end of the game. There are no multiple endings, so - why bother with choices?This is starting to become a big turndown and I am not certain that I will purchase future Telltale games if they stay on this path."
76561198025187093,Recommended,498240,33471215,Posted: 11 July,all,gypsygib,Loved it from start to finish. Cam't wait for Season 2.
,Recommended,498240,33430166,Posted: 10 July,all,walaoRIKI,"I wasn't a guy that like visual novel game, but I never thought that I would enjoy this game that much.I enjoy the story,  the action and everything. The game make me feel like Im or my version of the Batman/Bruce Wayne due the decision making system.Can't wait for the season 2 and I hope there is season 2#giveSelina #giveBarbaraTechnical:- I realize sometimes the game will draw extra unwanted outline on surface that suppose not to draw, maybe you really need to check on your shader or your rendering system or something- The anti aliasing is suck....please fix it"
76561198132095103,Not Recommended,498240,26755332,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,caneguru,"Great story, as a big fan of batman i do love the game however it seems that pc players take a back seat in release dates and optimization, i recommend that if at all possible just buy it on a console that way you dont have to worry about getting the game late"
,Recommended,498240,25595211,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,kawai ('ω^＼),"this is far better than the latest walking dead they made, if you like batman. pick it. if you like tell tale games, pick it, if you want a good story game, PICK IT.idk about the bs serrounding framerate that people are complaining, i only have crashes and that's because i play the game a few minutes after it releases so bugs and crashes are expected but framerate, it's your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer. i have no complain about framerates, and no game is perfect. this game is a small budget game made by a small company, even battlefield 1 has bugs to this day. so stop complaining. and wait for them to patch the game."
76561198141411541,Recommended,498240,24958784,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,komoki_emrys,"Now I gotta be honest I didn't really have an opinion of Batman one way or the other. He was just one of those super heros that existed. Now admittedly I wasn't expecting much because of this reason. However, I still enjoyed this game. If you know nothing about Batman like me pick this game up. If you're a fan of batman pick this game up. If you like telltale pick this game up."
,Recommended,498240,26290265,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,LewwyButton♛,Its a good game little fps drop but not to bad 8/10
,Recommended,498240,24675095,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Low Roar,It's telltale and it's batman. Of course it's going to be goddamn good.
76561198202155340,Recommended,498240,24675488,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ShweggMester,the first episode was fantastic. i had no bugs like people have been saying. the storyline is amazing and i cant wait for episode 2 to launch!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,498240,29871134,Posted: 12 February,all,Event_Matter[S],"Another ""interactive comic"" from Telltale Games. Story is good. Performance is awful for a game with pretty ""basic"" graphics and physics. I have no idea what they did, but the game is barley playable on a GTX 1050ti and a quad core i7 with 16GB of RAM and PCIe M.2 SSD (3200/1500MB/s). Massive FPS drops, but the worst part is the lag, where everything freezes for half a second or so, over and over again throughout the game. It's very distracting, pretty much destroys the experience. Why have they not fixed this yet?I can't recommend the game with the performance issues still existing. I hoped that it would be playable 6+ months after it was released, but no....it's still not playable. I'm giving up after the first episode, sad really."
,Recommended,498240,24676349,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,BoyHungaa,"Don't listen to these other reviews, this game is so far so good! Runs perfectly on a compentent system and the story is top notch. Cannot wait to see what Telltale has in store, but so far seems to be on par with Tales from The Borderlands, The Walking Dead, and The Wolf Among Us."
76561198036133485,Recommended,498240,29624054,Posted: 1 February,all,ansadron,good
76561198115179888,Recommended,498240,24679040,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Scottyusceaser (Scott),"Great first episode! Can't wait to play more!!One minor bug, but nothing game breaking. Explanation below:'FIRST TIME ENTERING THE BATCAVE (PROBLEM WITH CODEX CONSOLE'It should have 'Autosaved' and you start from the elevator. Yes, the problem 'ONLY' happens if you click the 'CODEX CONSOLE' when you choose too of free will, but when you click the 'DATA DRIVE' first, and then asks you to click the 'CODEX CONSOLE' as part of the objective its fine and play's smooth till the end.As I said  great episode and don't let the 'HOT HEADS' who rush to the review section to write a bad review as soon as they see the slightest hickup . Game runs fine. And worth a play!"
,Recommended,498240,24682722,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,界王 Ken,"Framerate wasn't optimal (my rig is also over 4 years old), but definitely playable and not game-breaking.  Never encountered any audio issues or game-breaking bugs.  Did have one glitch where I was stuck at the Codex screen, but closing and reopening the game fixed it.Aside from these issues that I'm sure come with the game being on a brand new engine, the game is fantastic and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,498240,26625655,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Spoon,"Havent had any performence issues really strange that some ppl are expreience issues guess batman games have bad luck yet i experienced no issues with arkham knight either, The story is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, The gameplay has a lot more action than most telltale games this is the closest we're getting to a wolf among us sequel we'll get"
,Recommended,498240,25623153,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,AnakinSkywalker,"Beautiful Story. Although its a bit short, Its a must have for Batman fans."
76561198029590101,Recommended,498240,25622953,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,NCSmitty919,"As a Batman fan, I'm loving it.  The story is really good through 2 episodes.  It has an interesting take on Bruce and his family that I think is unique compared to the usually Batman story.  I haven't experienced any perfomance issues whatsoever."
76561198025858408,Recommended,498240,24927258,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Captain Cool,"I bought it after the wave of its techincall problem release. It functioned fine and it was a good little experience. It's a little bit more removed from it's Walkind Dead predecesors. But It isn't bad. In the least,"
,Recommended,498240,33459189,Posted: 11 July,all,Tighra,"A typical, good but also short, Telltale game.Like every Telltale this series is also more an interactiv movie than a game.You've make a lot of dialouge choices to make and sometimes you have to choosewho you help for. The Quiktime events in this game are very boring, likein the most.Why do we need such an element at all?Every scene in the game, even without the need for a sudden reaction test, had my full attention. Because this Batman Series is very entertaining, even for non comic and/or Batman fans like me.So if you're a  fan of Batman of Telltale, this game will be great for you.But keep in mind it takes not that long to beat it, i would advice you to buy it during sale."
76561198330118706,Recommended,498240,29845568,Posted: 11 February,all,Dash,"Here we have a story that feels a bit more like one of those ""Elseworld"" / fanfic tales. You know, the whole ""what if it's Batman but we change this, this and this and tweak that?"" The result is you've got a rather interesting tale with some surprising twists and moments where you go ""okay, I didn't expact that."" Because they've never happened in a Batman story before or you were just lulled into it.Graphical glitches galore, but if you're a fan of TTG or Batman and you see it on sale, feel free to snatch it. I wouldn't recommend you get it at full price though."
,Not Recommended,498240,28950864,Posted: 2 January,all,sergeant_taser [HSMU],i would have given this game a possitve review but the main problem is the game never saves my data of the choices that ive made throughout the episodes. every time that i tried to activate cloud save mode the game automatically crashes no matter what i do to try and fix it. this completely ruins the expiriance of the game and you should not buy this until tell tale has 100% fixed the game. shame on you telltale same on you. 1/5
,Recommended,498240,28954186,Posted: 2 January,all,Sharat F,"I was a bit sceptical as to how good a Batman game from Telltale would end up, but I shouldn't have worried.Enjoyed it thoroughly from start to finish.Like all TT games, this one's story driven.And for me it was like going through a graphic novel more than any regular game.With some great plot twists and excellent voice acting, I highly recommend this."
,Not Recommended,498240,25660190,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,iiRaidz,It is very very laggy can't even play it
,Recommended,498240,28385255,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,chrion,1000/10Cried every episode.
,Not Recommended,498240,29271739,Posted: 15 January,all,Horatio Velveteen,"This game has quite a few performance issues, I've noted heavy stuttering when the camera pans or cuts to a different position, and I've got a pretty hefty machine.Batman is pretty boring to play as, action sequences are mostly just QTEs, though for a game like this that's not totally unexpected.Bruce Wayne is more interesting, you get to decide what Bruce will say and have some neat choices. Unfortunately your choices only sort of affect the game. Troy Baker is a pretty good Bruce Wayne/Batman, even if he's not Kevin Conroy.Story-wise, I liked some of the direction they went in, Catwoman and Harvey Dent were certainly interesting to see as friends. I was a bit surprised Bruce Wayne isn't the Chairman of his own company with his majority stake, as he usually is. I wasn't a big fan of what they did with Penguin, basically merging him with Hush and dropping his usual short ugly old man look in favor of some kind of hipster.Lady Arkham was kind of a disappointing reveal, like Arkham Knight was, but they did give her an interesting backstory. However, I did like the exploration of Bruce and Alfred's relationship.What disappointed me most was the Wayne family scandal. Making it up was fine, but it's left as the truth for the whole game, rather than being a debunked lie. This totally ruins the Wayne family backstory, making Bruce's ultimate motivation for becoming Batman a total lie. The murder of Bruce's parents is supposed to have an effect on him because he loved them and was close to them, but also because as an adult he looks at them as the only good people in a city mired in corruption. Unfortunately this game took that part away, making them the same as all the others.While the story has some intriguing twists and a few interesting takes on the characters, ultimately the plot was disappointing and took too many liberties with the Wayne family. Ultimately this game's plot was nothing more than a poorly attempted rehash of the much better Long Halloween comic. For this reason, along with the performance issues, I can't really recommend the game."
76561198003042669,Not Recommended,498240,29269010,Posted: 15 January,all,Doc Sportello,"The story is the main factor to look at when it comes to Telltale. Sadly this isn't a good one. Theres some fun to be had, so it's not all bad. Overall though it's too generic and not really intruiging at all."
,Recommended,498240,29268158,Posted: 15 January,all,Valronn,"For a big fan of Telltales games & Batman this is a really good game. The story was really good, the variation in the episodes was pretty good as well. They tried to do some new things compared to other of Telltale games which I appriciate a lot, the combat was more hectic and fun and the detective segments had clever design.I am looking forward to season 2 :)The biggest problems was that the game crahsed 4-5 times while I completed it."
,Not Recommended,498240,30360756,Posted: 6 March,all,NoApeX,"Cant play on windows 7 64-bit though it is listed as usable operating system.Further info, im using intel based processor and Nvidia video card (750Ti)Hoping to get a refund.."
76561198127945478,Not Recommended,498240,30304780,Posted: 3 March,all,Tall Morty,"it a pretty boring batman story, the main twist is lame and your choices dont matter"
,Recommended,498240,24699097,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Teemu,Another good game from Telltale. 5/5
76561198076419523,Recommended,498240,29910130,Posted: 13 February,all,Big Al,Good game for any Batfan!
76561198023391052,Recommended,498240,29554155,Posted: 28 January,all,Mr.Remington,"Another solid game from TellTale, the story is great even though it does not seem at all likely in the Batman universe. The only knock this game could truly get is the FPS drops and the rocky launch but other then that I still enjoyed myself."
,Not Recommended,498240,29858716,Posted: 11 February,all,Launch_PhilMLG.exe,"Played for 4 hours. Leave for like 5 minutes. Relaunch. ""There is a conflict with local and cloud saves"". No saves. Has to auto-generate choices if I wanna go from where I was before. ♥♥♥♥ telltale. Sort this♥♥♥♥♥♥out.Was fun for those 4 hours though. Would recommend if this hadn't have happened."
76561198015330582,Recommended,498240,26307789,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ManicLibra,"I really enjoy the way telltale chose to go with this game.  It is definitely a new take on the batman story.  Taken from the beginning.  Kind of like in the vein of ""Year One""  and the original Michael Keaton batman story.  If you like batman, and can bear a little offshoot of the original Canon (and not by much either)  I Highly recomend you check this rendition out.Totally Recommend to anyone who enjoys the old school adventure style games that telltale is really trying to bring back!"
,Recommended,498240,27410829,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bijuudama,I Like It.
,Recommended,498240,29446288,Posted: 23 January,all,I'm mental,Loved it. Don't have to say more. Totally worth all of my money.
,Recommended,498240,29427209,Posted: 22 January,all,Miserakle,"Really good presentation of Batman's personality. You choose to follow canon or not at any situation and maybe it's really matter.Sometimes there are surprisingly fatal QTEs.Basically it's telltale game. Stunning backgrounds, nice character's models, good scenario with rails... and give me next season, pls."
76561198048684329,Not Recommended,498240,29415890,Posted: 21 January,all,Dimension Theorist,"Probably More Enjoyable For People Who Aren't Batman FansContains spoilersMy immediate response on finally completing the game is negative. Perhaps, with some time and some retrospection, my opinion will change for the better. Now, however?My first complain about this game is that falls into the usual comic book adaptation pitfall of assigning names from the comics to characters that might as well be totally new, because they definitely don't resemble their namesakes. For example, why is there a Prometheus/Scarecrow/Strange hybrid with the name and civilian identity of Vicki Vale? And why is a character more like Hush than anyone else parading around calling himself Penguin? (Don't get me wrong, Penguin was a great character. Just not very...Penguin).The story is yet another retelling of Batman's earlier days as a crimefighter, because we needed another of those, obviously. The only way it could get more boring and overdone is if Telltale filled it with references to Frank Miller's work. To Telltale's credit, they do try to spice it up and set it apart from the rest, but they don't do a very good job. The plot is hackneyed and swerves between overly predictable and clearly puling stuff from nowhere in poor attempts at plot twists, and most of the attempts to make things more interesting, like making Thomas Wayne a mobster, are boring and/or just plain dumb. Compounding this is the constant failure to utilize promising pieces of plot - Bruce is out of Arkham in barely any time at all, we barely see anything of Wesker, and so on.Furthermore, few if any of the choices you make actually feel like they affect anything. This is most glaring with the choice between saving Harvey and Selina, because even if Penguin doesn't scar Harvey up, he still goes Two-Face in short order, and the excuse they give for it (feeling betrayed by Bruce and still feeling the after-effects of the toxin) honestly ends up feeling contrived and weak, at least in execution.This one is more of a personal complaint, but with all the focus the writers put on the concept of family, I'm deeply disappointed that a grand total ofnoneof Bruce's many, many children - adopted or otherwise - make an appearance. No Grayson (freakin' censors not letting me call him♥♥♥♥♥♥, no Jason, no Cass, no Damian, no - well, you get the idea. Actually, very few members of the Batfamily appear or are even alluded to. The only ones I can remember (aside of Lucius and Alfred) is a mention of Lucius' son, Luke (later to become Batwing), and the presence of Ryder and Montoya (later to become the Creeper and the second Question, respectively), but even then, there's not so much as the slightest reference to their future superhero identities. You'd think that at least Jim's daughter (Barbara Gordon/Batgirl/Oracle) or Bruce's cousin (Kate Kane/Batwoman) would get mentioned.The gameplay is good and the fights are usually thrilling - beating Cobblepot into the ground in the secret lab felt especially cathartic - but in a game as story-based as this one, that's no saving grace. Art style and animation are nice too, but, again, not much of a saving grace. The plot has some good moments, especially the part with the Vales' foster son, but not enough to save it.Telltale had everything they needed to make perhaps the best Batman game ever, and I really, genuinely, thought that they would do it.They failed."
,Not Recommended,498240,24747090,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Serathis[HUN],Über massive technical problems. Seriously TTG
,Not Recommended,498240,30047253,Posted: 19 February,all,illathid,"Would love to be able to play this but my mouse is stuck in the upper left quarter of the screen making the game unplayable. I won't refund it for now as I'm hoping this issue may get fixed in the future.EDIT: finally got it working buit it required me to go into my registry and set the game to disable display scaling as I couldn't do it in properties. Regardless, this shouldn't be required to get a game running."
76561198296379200,Recommended,498240,34202460,Posted: 12 August,all,Colin_Jacob,WHAT A MF GAME TO PLAY
76561198178290877,Not Recommended,498240,29711924,Posted: 4 February,all,lvl3neeb,"I played Episode 1, and immediately purchased the whole set... the story goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥quick and make even less sense than Arkham City - and true to form, the choices mean♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you are forced into major plot points rather than having a somewhat divergent plot.Spoilers below: What really irked me about this gameNo one gets to be a billionaire without being a psycho - great, what about a brilliant surgeon who makes medical patents that save lives? No, better make papa wayne a sociopath. ♥♥♥♥ing occupy wallstreet wrote this script"
76561198115184604,Recommended,498240,26381450,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,operationGooby,"Games fantastic, Story is very well written if your a fan of telltale or batman (in my case both) definetly worth a purchase.also runs very smoothly on my rig."
76561198306599666,Recommended,498240,32086765,Posted: 31 May,all,GSH,amazeing telltalle game. In my opieopeon one of best telltale games. love the storyline. It is worth the money.
76561197998898145,Not Recommended,498240,33224486,Posted: 4 July,all,kocek,"The story is weak.Often enough the quick time events play through even if you do not press the right buttons, or even if you do nothing at all...And it randomly crashes... usually during fights..."
76561197983669996,Not Recommended,498240,25717487,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,rc9000000,So after 2 episodes this game is still un playable. The 1st episode had a fram drop problem that was blamed on the video drivers. Episode 2 releases I update my drivers and guess what frames are still dropping like flies. I can not recomend this game for anyone as it was not optimised for PC and because of this it will be the last Telltale game I buy.
,Not Recommended,498240,26356610,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,BOT Omega,"It's a nice game but after episode 3 released, performance and memory leak issue happened!Please fix it ASAP Telltale team!"
,Recommended,498240,26345821,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Penguin,"I really really enjoy what I have seen from this game so far. The story just keeps getting better and the art style is on point.Pros ++ It's a very good story driven game+ Batman with choices? Friendly, Honest, and lawful Batman? OR the snarky, Lying, Aggressive one? YOU DECIDE.+ Familiar characters from the comic books come to life.+ Original story+ Replay value :)Mehs ** The whole not starting up thing and lagging issues that the game had. Although to be fair it is an easy fix, just inconvenient.Cons --INCONSISTENCIES ! ! !I realize that a lot of people have complained about inconsistencies in previous TellTale titles, however personally I've never had this issue until this game. But my god are they apparent in this title. I can truly only write this one off to lazy development or some kind of bad coding mistake.A few issues here: (OBVIOUS SPOILERS!!!)1.The sniper... This is one that confused a lot of us. Here you have two choices...A: Deal with him peacefully, (A.K.A. you don't hurt him in any way, shape or form.)B: Can break his ribs, snap his arm, ect.Both options leads to Alfred saying that you""You beat that man half to death!"" (option A)OrSomething similar but not the same dialogue. (however that one makes since, because you did hurt him)But either way option A already says 'Gordon noticed your non-violent approach' so wtf Telltale.2.Giving Vicki Vale Renee Montoya's name, after the Falcone shooting.Not giving Vicki Vale her name is another inconsistency. In episode 1 and 2, if you were a good character and helped out Gordon and didn't break snipers arm, then Gordon calls you a hero in the previously on episode 2 thing. However in episode 3 on the roof while picking Montoya or Harvey, Gordon says he'd rather arrest you then to team up with you but he has no choice. (Because the game is reading that you did rat out Montoya.)On one of my characters I gave Vicki her name and she was still mad at me by the way. Just frustrating.3.Cop in alleyway (episode 3) judges batman's ways of dealing with situations and people even if you're a good character.  Pretty much calling you an A-hole. This could also be because of the ongoing press story that Batmans family is evil and so by default he is too apparently.4. There's more with Harvey but you get the point by now.Regardless of all of that I still feel like this is a fantastic game and still has amazing potential for the two future episodes that are unreleased right now."
76561198030322982,Not Recommended,498240,34636379,Posted: 31 August,all,Cheesecake,Game never saves. Hard to play a story when all the time your progress gets lost. Wrote the Telltale Support but never got an answer.Really wanted no play. Now i'm just sad.
76561198015007901,Recommended,498240,24817222,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Fox,"I don't know what's going to happen with this thing after the first scene, but I'm ready to review.  Even though it feels like we're going into things which have been done before, I love it.  For the most part, I enjoy Telltale, and I love Batman, so it seems like a good combination.First off, I have to complain about the only complaint I have:  graphics.  I'm miffed that I can play a game like Arkham Asylum on a 5-year-old laptop on lowest graphics with less lag than a Telltale story-based adventure game on a newer laptop...  I hear everyone's having some kind of graphics issue, so I'm going to look into it.  As it stands, the opening fight with Catwoman was incredible, even though I don't know if the fight went the way it was supposed to because the lag didn't always show me whether my choices hit...  I'm getting tired of every new game feeling like it has to compete graphically with every other game out there, regardless of genre.  If the graphics to this game were as simple as even the older Sam and Max games, I'd be happy.Now, I want to see whether my choices really affect much.  I believe (unlike in The Walking Dead) I won't care too much if my choices don't have a big impact.  It's a Batman story, and I want to see it played out.  Life is Strange ruined me with its twisting of making my choices matter while at the same time making them completely irrelevant.  ^_^  Based on the opening of this game alone, I recommend this game.  If this is our ""gritty"" Batman of modern times (and it's looking like this will be somewhat based on the latest installment of our movie Batman), I look forward to seeing all of my favorite characters and watching them develop.  It looks like we'll have a nice mix of action in combat, pulling us into the Arkham vibe, drama in dialogue, and hopefully some detective work between the scenes.  We deserve to see  the ""world's greatest detective"" go back to figuring stuff out."
76561197960537685,Recommended,498240,34643227,Posted: 31 August,all,Uncle Ben's,Ebin
76561198188935631,Not Recommended,498240,34396516,Posted: 21 August,all,Arken Guardian,I really like this game but unfortunately there is a game breaking bug that I can't seem to pass or find a fix wherein in chapter 3 the entire scene keeps on replaying again and again in the alley.Its stressful knowing that I won't be able to finish the game just because of that bug.
,Recommended,498240,34297962,Posted: 16 August,all,✪ HorseWithStripes,"I'm pretty sure Bruce didn't develop PTSD from the night of his parent's shooting.It's most probably because nobody can stop ♥♥♥♥ING TALKING ABOUT IT and ACTING AS IF THEY ARE SORRY♥♥♥♥ING HELL ALFRED WE ALREADY KNOW HOW HARD IT IS FOR BRUCE TO HAVE LOST HIS PARENTS YOU DON'T HAVE TO SAY IT EVERY 3 ♥♥♥♥ING MINUTESOther than that, I like it."
76561198119526907,Recommended,498240,24738725,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Metrosexual Fruitcake,Have you ever wanted to be Bruce Wayne just as much as the Batman himself? Well this will satisfy your every desire to do that!!
76561197963621939,Not Recommended,498240,24680299,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Terror Reaper,"I was going to make a pre-2 hour review in case people were thinking about buying and trying for two hours, but then this happened.I decided to use Cloud Saves. It showed the ""Cloud Save"" icon a fair amount of times. Got to a part about 30 minutes in where I could not back out of an in-game menu (not the real ""Esc"" game menu). I decided that I would restart the game and load my cloud save. There's no ""Load"" option from the main menu, so I have to start all over. That was a couple action scenes and talking scenes a piece. If you play this, don't use the cloud save option.So now I'm going to start over again. The question I have is ""what if it locks up on that in-game menu again (Codex)?"" That's another 30 minutes wasted. I'll try to remember to follow up after an hour.Also, a couple things: bad framerate (as mentioned by everyone else), and I can't seem to get this game to work with Big Picture for my Steam Controller.Edit: 1 hour later. The issue with the screen is the same one that is mentioned all over, I just thought I had bypassed it correctly. It's not a huge issue. The framerate seems to get better further on in the episode, but stutters from time to time still. Other than those issues, I think I'm almost done with the episode and things seem alright for me.Verdict: Others on the Community Hub are having many issues currently. If you're worried, just wait till Episode 2 and buy it. I enjoy the story and won't refund it despite the earlier issues. However, I currently won't recommend the game until the issues are fixed. Check again in a week, then again around the launch of Episode 2 to see if things are fixed."
,Recommended,498240,25610933,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Shawn Marrster,"Price payed 10 dollars. Tested on 1980x1080/980M laptop and 4K desktop/1080GTX. Win10/XboxOne controller.Graphics 7/10 (best looking Telltale game. Lots of missing lip syncing)Story 9/10Audio 8/10 (great voice acting, even if the audio is uneven. With headphones you can hear different recording sessions different lines of audio. Music is really good)Adult themed Batman with original story and desing.Episode 1 about 1hour 20 min.Episode 2 about 1hour 10 min.This game is worth about 10 dollars that is full retail price in the region I buy steam games. Its not worth 20-25 dollars unless you are a Batman fan /Catwomen fan. To get cheaper steam games: start a new Steam account and register it in a cheaper country or buy legal keys online.Note about issues with this game. Telltale really need to step up Quality checking and hire some competent people. On launch this game was unplayable for many. Controller support still dont work 100%. There are parts in both episodes you have to use something else than XboxOne controller. Its easy to use keyboard for the specific scenes that still dont work.A hint for many issues: the game needs a internet connection at launch. I had to restart the game 3 times untill the innitial handshake was done and the issue was solved."
,Recommended,498240,25552642,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Lowe Gule,"Great Batman Game, especially the story. I have played all five episodes. It's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. There's also some WUT moment that you never expect before.You like Batman Story? BUY THIS"
,Recommended,498240,34883596,Posted: 11 September,all,jasmeralia,"Another solid Telltale game. I did have a hard time with some of the things they did story-wise, like Thomas Wayne having been a criminal, but at the end of the day the deviations in lore from the comics does not really change anything core to the Batman canon. This season focuses on Harvey Dent, Falcone, Selina Kyle, Lady Arkham, and Oswald Cobblepot... along with Bruce's core relationships with Gordon and Alfred. Joker also appears in a minor role as a John Doesn't in Arkham that helps Bruce when Cobblepot and Lady Arkham get Bruce sent to Arkham, which nicely prepares things for the next season."
76561198108041899,Recommended,498240,24675026,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,҄Senῤᾰἰ - Sϲotty,Now then where is the joker?
,Not Recommended,498240,28850515,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tired Cliche,"I played the full game with a friend, and the majority of the time we spent ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the hamfisted plot, lack of choices, and silly dialogue.I'm a huge fan of Telltale Games, have been since Homestar Runner like ten years ago, it got me into PC and adventure gaming. But they've been going downhill recently, and this series has the same problems as their Game of Thrones- you know where it's going, and you can't really change anything. I couldn't tell you how a single choice I made meaningfully impacted relationships with characters, or changed the ending, and I tried two opposite playthroughs.Every choice boils down to ""do this first or do this?"" and it might make the start of the next episode different.I wanted the smarter, complex Wayne/Batman story we couldn't get in the Arkham games (all of which I love and have better stories than this IMO.) I wanted to be the playboy in the day, detecting through rich people's mansions and learning their secrets, and the Batman at night, punishing them, wiping the city clean of their lies.Very minor spoilers follow.Instead, the story is absurd by episode 3. It's a full on war scenario. The ""Children of Arkham"" have taken control of the city and are killing people nearly at random. The police have become a fascist state. In Arkham Knight you kinda have to brush aside the ""Where is Superman?"" question but it's convincingly lampshaded and the point of the game is a power fantasy. But this is supposed to be a smartly written and compelling game, and I'm not wondering where Superman is... I'm wondering WHERE IS THE GOVERNMENT? Seriously, it's like Gotham is abandoned as a war zone. And even Bruce Wayne is easilysent to Arkham briefly after being poisoned. Although Joker was a highlight, it was just unbelievable that suddenly privileged Wayne is a common mental patient. The story actually gets less interesting from there. And Cobblepot's voice actor is among the worst in any Telltale game to date.The only choice you can make is whether Harvey Dent's face gets burned. He becomes Two-Face no matter what.Deeply disappointed. Watch a Let's Play while falling asleep, it's quite a soothing game. You'll see what I mean."
,Not Recommended,498240,34140288,Posted: 9 August,all,kipsiih,"Won't recommend this game at all. It worked fine back when I played the 1st episode for free, but now that I bought it, it's not working at all like it should. I had no problems with ep 1 before I bought the game. Now the graphics are all messed up suddenly and the screen goes black for the most of the time or just one half of the screen is black while it shows the character's feet and not their faces. I don't know what that's about because my computer was able to run this before, now this game is just a mess.And that's not all, really. This game is very poorly made. When the scene changes, it's not smooth at all but very fast yet at the same time laggy. It's like you're punched in the face every time. And it doesn't matter if you don't hit the keys that you should - the result is the same. You could just leave the game on its own in the most critical scenes and you'd be fine.I had to ask for a refund."
76561198078510182,Recommended,498240,25476715,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,jun_atienza97,Looks like it could be one of the best Batman stories in years.
,Not Recommended,498240,24676959,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,espacio vacío,"Ok, so I play the game. It crashes far into episode one. No problem it's ok I think as I reopen it......and there's no saved game. There's nothing. About an hour+ of gameplay, gone.Now there is a problem.I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198066968604,Recommended,498240,29202899,Posted: 12 January,all,Captain Cheeseburger,"Howdy all.'Batman - The Telltale Series' was something out of the ordinary, choices were brought upon myself which stretch moral boundaries beyond anything I have seen or heard, and for that is one reason why it is interesting. All in all, it's not just about Batman. Much like people worried or blabbed about the gameplay and interface, voice acting and dialogue of whether it met the standards of themselves, the 'casual gamer' and their 'all-star' critques of what something doesn't have, as apose to what it does. I loved the story, I would play it again for fun. Every choice has an effect on everything in the game matters, even if it is small- people don't think about the snowball affect, for the future. In other words, some do not see the big picture. For example, ""Alfred will remember that."", must mean he will use and remember what I said or did for future reference in dire need and etc.The consequences of actions plays a huge part of this tale, but living with one's own choices is based around most and if not all of the gameplay throughout its entirety. If it's anything I enjoyed most- and I know how it might sound, is Selina and Bruce working together. Which usually isn't how it is usually protrayed in the common storylines in past movies, comics and games, yet I liked the choice to change. In a way, the telltale game is more of a playable movie. In that, you act on what Batman or Bruce Wayne does. It might even appear to some people, that they have a control to direct where the 'movie' may lead, to have a happier ending... or not. This game has got class and style, I adore it.Don't take my word for it, play it yourself!I recommend this game.Infinity out of 10.Keep up the good work, looking forward to another season in the series.Kudos!- C."
,Not Recommended,498240,33464396,Posted: 11 July,all,VenkiPhy6,"This is my first telltale game(I did play LiS though and it seemed very much like a telltale game) and it was a disappointing experience. (Sorry for a long review!)First off, this game is just buggy AF! The frame rate just keeps fluctuating like crazy. I have a mid-end rig that gets me 40-50 fps consistently in games like Shadow of Mordor at 1080p. Plus I am seeing other reviews mentioning it too. So clearly it is the game's fault. I would understand if this fluctuaion happens when something is exploding or there is bright light but I am just walking and the framerate drops for no reason. I did try to change my settings, lower the resolutions and stuff but all in vain.(SPOILER AHEAD.)Second off, the Batman/Bruce Wayne created here is difficult for me to get behind. Now, maybe the devs wanted to create a new Batman universe and I am all in for expereinceing a new Batman. I really appreciate that intent to do something new. But they can't just expect the player to forget everything else that they have known so far about him. If they are going to create a weaker Batman who is prone to simple emotions and mental manipulations from an uninteresting criminal(unlike Joker or Bane) they need to setup the universe better! They are changing the mold of a character that has been here for decades. They should have done due dilignece and should have given us a new background story or something of that sort. Maybe Batman isn't a member of the league of shadows yet. But they need to let the player know that!It was just hard to watch a weak Batman without any reason for why he is so. He is just fawning over every female character. He just remembers things about his parent's death out of the blue! He has dialog choices that he obviously wouldn't say! Somehow he has all this physical prowess and he is a great detective(as always) but he has memory loss of the very moment that made him Batman and isn't immune to simple emotional manipulations? That is not the Batman I know and enjoy but I would've been fine with it if the setup was done properly. It felt like they just weren't sincere enough to do that.Finally, at many points in the game it felt like a Batman story doesn't fit in as a pure point and click expereince. You do quick time actions for everyone, both common thugs and the main bosses, and for everything, for both stealth and guns-blazing. This ended up feeling monotonous. Even though Batman is fighting a main boss it didn't make a difference to me as a player. Even though Batman was taking a stealthy approach it didn't feel like it to me because all of it is just quick-time actions. This is an interesting problem and further innovations are needed here I guess. I will commend the fact that telltale did make a good attempt here with the whole strategising with the drone but it definitely needs more work. It just felt pointless because no matter what you chose you did beat up all the thugs! Maybe if some strategies were more likely to work than others and depending on the strategy I take the dialog choices changed it would be more interesting? They should also probably revamp the way we fight bosses and give something other than just quick time actions.So to summarise, it felt like Telltale had the right intentions here but were not successful in their execution both due to some insincerity of their own and some shortcomings of the point and click genre itself. Hopefully there will be a sequel/prequel to this game where Telltale make a better game and sculpt a better Batman. Until such time it might be a waste to buy this one. Sorry Telltale but THUMBS DOWN! :-(EDIT:- Typos removed"
,Recommended,498240,33938844,Posted: 31 July,all,Tarazax,"This is an excellent game. And probably the strongest Batman game story-telling wise (The Arkham games were also excellent). But here's a breakdown:Pros:-Characters (Every Character feels important and alive with their own personalities and original thinking)-The Plot (It isn't the best i've ever seen, but it's very excellent, especially episode 3+. It keeps you on your toes with danger at every corner, suspense and undecisiveness evermore)-Quick-Time Events (Yes, this game really packs them on. But they're actually really fun in my opinion. It makes you feel like you're constantly in the action)-Your choices do matter (But not as much as other Telltale games) (If you're the kind of person who likes small changes, then you'll like this game)-New Spins on the Batman Universe-Satisfying EndingCons:-Your choices don't matter on a large scale (Unlike the Game of Thrones game made by Telltale, i felt like this game would go in the same direction no matter what i did overall)-The ""Main Villian"" is easily usurped by the ""Side"" Villians (Two-Face and Penguin easily usurp Lady Arkham and the Children of Arkham, i respect the company for trying to do their own thing but i think they should just try to put a new spin on the classic character and setting, those are their strengths, the new boring villians are really weak.)-Sometimes the chapters feel very drawn out and some things you have to do feel like filler.Character Breakdown:Commisoner Gordon: He doesn't exactly feel like Gordan like i know him, he has most of the important characteristics but i think that the voice actor didn't get him exactly right (8/10)Alfred: He is spot-on, he truly feels like a mentor and acts like how you would expect such a close friend to react in real life. Alfred doesn't blindly support Batman in his quest, in fact, he often looks out for Bruce and tries to make sure he takes the smartest approach. You can tell he's wise and has a good heart (10/10)Bruce: Even though you can technically control what Bruce says and does, he always comes off kind of immature. It seems like he mostly is either overdramatic or a jerk. The game makes it hard for him to seem charming, intimidating, or care-free. Three essentials of his character (5/10)The Penguin: First off, i love his re-design. In a strange way, he actually looks kind of scary. I honestly can't say i've ever seen Penguin in that light since Batman Returns. Oswald ""Oz"" is an interesting character and my favorite villian in season 1. He's very hypocritical (offers Bruce a chance to help him but never really gives him said chance). He's also charming and very entertaining in my opinion. In the story, he is presented as a sort've Bruce gone wrong, and unlike his comic counterpart, he is actually believable in this role. Ultimately, a welcome chance for the character (10/10)Two-Face: It's kind of suprising, Harvey actually isn't poised as a total white knight in this series. He hates corruption yes, but he's also agressive and very selfish. Ultimately Harvey brakes down and you can figure out the rest, and his design isn't anything new but i still like his character in this game because he's similar enough but also different enough for both new and old fans to take interest in. Sometimes however, he comes off as annoying in the story and hard to root for.  (8/10)Vicki Vale: Like all reporters, Vicki is very annoying. However, she does come off as pretty helpful most of the time but her character really only gets more depth in the second half of the game. Ultimately, she's kind've pointless and forgettable (2/10)Catwoman: What can i say? She's nothing new for Catwoman, but still entertaining. She's so similar to her comic counterpart however, that i wouldn't get too excited if you were hoping they'd do a new spin on her (10/10)Others: Everyone else in this game has a fairly small roll but are all very strong. In fact, this game does something new with Thomas Wayne that i wasn't expecting but was a refreshing suprise that i very much enjoyed. (9/10)Batman: Bruce's alternate personality is captured perfectly in this game. Whether you want to become a monster that terrifies everyone or a noble knight that comes off as a hero, he still feels like Batman. This game may have failed Bruce, but not Batman (10/10)Conclusion:If you love Batman, but are interested in seeing him modernized and seeing different takes on the classic elements of his world, then you'll love this!8/10"
,Not Recommended,498240,29815180,Posted: 9 February,all,Zeppeli,"Horrible. Can't even launch the game. When I launch it, the audio plays but it just shows a white screen with a black box in the upper left corner of the screen."
76561197968452396,Not Recommended,498240,28391988,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Adam,Steam Controller doesnt work unless you map keyboard buttons. I attempted to go that way unitl i was asked to press left and right keys simultaneously. Obviously thats more than a little awkward on a thumb stick. Really not good enough.
,Recommended,498240,24881250,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Weasel Bandit,"This is an AMAZING game. It's the first time I've felt compelled to write a review.It perfectly depicts how Bruce Wayne and Batman thinks. The play style is, of course, a Telltale game so it's different than i.e. the Batman Arkham series. But they do it very well and it actaully feels like you are fighting when you ""control"" Batman in fights because the way you control him is so fastpaced and taxing.They have made their own version of Batman's crimescene detective vision with some new twists to it and it works awesomely.All in all a great game.10/10"
,Recommended,498240,34663929,Posted: 1 September,all,DevaSheep,"nice story , new opponent , satysfaction 100%"
,Recommended,498240,34670991,Posted: 1 September,all,JuDGe1232,"Telltale -> Tells a tale. That's what they do. This is a Batman story with Q.T.E. & choices which make some minor-to-medium changes to how the story is told. If you're in it for the story, and understand how the game play works, I don't think you'll be disappointed."
76561197999138003,Not Recommended,498240,34184106,Posted: 11 August,all,Sendrik,"I was really looking forward to playing this,because i loved the game of thrones,the walking dead and the wolf among us.But this game is so damn buggy.....eyelashes are dragging,hair is flying around.....then those super large updates(around 12gb for example)and its still bugged.Whats even worse,i bought this game 1 day before it was on sale......luckyme,eh?"
76561198008239514,Recommended,498240,34667104,Posted: 1 September,all,Bamboozle,"Wow, what an amazing game! A must play for every Batman-Fan.Can´t wait to play"" The Enemy Within"""
76561197972710279,Not Recommended,498240,34775249,Posted: 6 September,all,Wayfaerer,"Batman - The Telltale Series is an adventure game following the telltale adventure game style with quick time events and time-constrained choices. It is a Batman game, but it isn't set in any well-known Batman universe (Nolan-verse, Arkham-verse, DC comics, DC movies, etc...). Simply put this Batman game set in an alternate universe (similar to the Elseworld series)The game is mainly based on quick time events which i think doesn't suit well to a Batman game, especially after seeing possibly the best Batman series so far, the Arkham series. Besides, the plot changes a VERY CRITICAL part of Batman's backstory which doesn't go well with the classical motivation of Bruce Wayne/Batman. I think this change didn't work at all and made Batman much, much less than who he is in more classical incarnations. Also, the plotline is extremely convoluted. The game tries to put as many Batman characters to a single game most of them lack depth. The game is much more about Bruce Wayne than Batman, which might have been an interesting idea but I believe the personification of Bruce Wayne is not done quite good so this focus on Bruce Wayne doesn't seem to work in the context of this game.Also, technically there are many choices you, as the player, can take. However, 99% of these choices do not affect the main storyline at all instead only affect very simple things which makes this ""Story tailors itself based on your choices"" focus of the game completely moot. Action sequences are extremely simple. So, the game is not challenging at all (which maybe a good thing depending on you preferences.)Pros:- Polished game with very good voice acting.- If you like interactive movies, then it is an enjoyable game.Cons:- The game is basically an interactive movie instead of an actual game. Most choices you take have little to no effect on the actual story. You can practically choose whatever you want in any dialog option and beside simple things the outcome of the game will always be the same.- Depiction of Batman here is a huge let down. Batman is generally not in control in many situation and doesn't have the iconic grimness and stoicness of the character.- The story is very convoluted and the change in the back story of Batman doesn't work at all."
,Recommended,498240,34163423,Posted: 11 August,all,Caraeus,"Telltale and batman? That's a good mix, not the best Telltale game but I can recommend this"
76561197974793815,Not Recommended,498240,34209893,Posted: 13 August,all,theafrochiapet,"An interesting spin on the Batman lore, but it is not for everyone.I'll be frank I was a little hesitant to try out this particular Telltale series, because recent entries have been inconsistent (I'm looking at YOU Game of Thrones).  However a friend recommended it, and having had good memories from some of their older games. I figured I'd give the game a chance.  Having played it, I can see why some consider it a polarizing game.The biggest thing that Telltale presents in this entry that differentiates itself from the others is the balancing of the personas of Batman and Bruce Wayne. There are a few cool moments where you get to choose which one to use to deal with a given situation.  Other than that it is a fairly by-the-numbers Telltale game.  Nothing really separates it in terms of narrative, plot, or characters.Telltale avoids the pratfall of repeating well-known Batman backstories by having some artistic license with established lore.  I'll admit I was a fan of a couple of these flourishes (the less cartoony Penguin was one), but ultimately Telltale does little with these treads.  It's hard to go into details without going into spoilers, but let's just say about halfway through the game a lot of details are revealed to Bruce/Batman.  It's a great moment, but I personally don't think there's an effective payoff for it.  I think there should have been a decision for Telltale to decide whether to create a cohesive story throughout 5 episodes or relying on a villain-of-the-week formula.  By choosing the in-between, no side character really gets time to be fleshed out nor does the plot stand well on its own.Gameplay-wise, the game feels light on content.  Clocking at around 8 hours cummulatively,  this is the shortest telltale game I've ever played.  Each episode boils down to a variant of dealing with the prior episode's finale, going to the batcave, investigating, and punching things.  Don't get me wrong, I loved this formula in the Arkham series, but Rocksteady had more resources to make each thing feel intuitive.  Telltale has.... a kind of linking tool on interactive objects.   Admittedly it is cool to use when doing detective work, but it feels a bit tacked on for fight scenes.  The dialogue, which usually shines in talky games, is pretty meh.  Granted the Batman series is not known for deep dialogue, but it seems odd a company like Telltale wouldn't have had put more time in this aspect.  Story and dialogue is usually their bread-and-butter.Also worth mentioning, as other reviewers have noted the game does not seem to be optimized.  My rig had no problems running the past games as well as current-gen PC games.   There are numerous occasions where animations lag or the lip syncing is off.  It was not bad enough for me to stop playing, but it can be noticable.In the end I have to say that at recommendation will probably hinge on whether you find something memorable about the game.  I have just played it recently and I'm struggling to think of a moment where I said, ""This is definitely the best way to tell this story.""  With season 2 launching recently we'll just have to see if the series will evolve."
,Recommended,498240,34672186,Posted: 1 September,all,hikaru2322,"I really liked how Telltale approached this story. They went in a very unique direction telling the classic origins of various Batman villians, the Waynes, and the famous alley/parent death scene. Great for fans of the comics, and frankly, a direction I wish the movies went! Sometimes Batman stories can get stale or feel the same, and Telltale totally kept me on my toes! I loved it! They fleshed out a lot of characters, and spent a great deal of time on Bruce's parents. It game great dimension to a lot of characters that were just so one-dimensional in every other telling of Batman. Plus, this is one of my favorite renditions of Catwoman!"
76561198001991041,Not Recommended,498240,26220029,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Wasuremono,"unplayable. only two graphics options (high quality/high performance), low fps and it's not even possible to change resolution without crashing the game (no forum solutions worked for me)"
76561198028375824,Recommended,498240,25579208,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Kumba,"Though very interesting, I didn't find this immersive enough to want to pay for another episode. For a first episode, it should have been the longest to get the viewer into the story. Unfortunately, this is waaaay too short for a ""choice"" based game as I've played much better and longer games similar to this. Though the gameplay was good, it just wasn't enough. $20 (on sale) is too expensive for less than 5 hours of gameplay. Maybe I'll get Season 2 in a year or so when it drops below $10.Overall, if you like Noir type stories, this game is for you. If you like action, this game is NOT for you. Worth a purchase if it goes below $15 but I do recommend this game but not by much.Edit: The purchase may be for the all episodes. But don't quote me on that. Still worth the buy if you're into this sort of game style."
,Recommended,498240,25579749,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Trigger Spark,"Telltale Games have created another tale for us to enjoy. This time, it is in the form of a Batman series. As a character, Batman has been sealed into many of our hearts as one of the greatest superheroes of all time. We know his backstory, what he is capable of, his strengths, and his weaknesses. So it begs the question, can Telltale Games create a brand new story within the world of Batman without treading old ground? Surprisingly, the answer is yes.GameplayThe fundamentals of Telltale’s Batman are in the form of a point and click adventure and gives you the ability to choose how the story plays out and define what exactly is Bruce Wayne and Batman is to Gotham City. Player actions involve participating in dialogue, interacting with objects in the environment, and through quick-time events.The combat set pieces rely heavily on quick-time events which is complemented by the outstanding choreography during these scenes. Overall, you will do a lot of watching during this episode, but what you see is like seeing a comic book come to life.To be honest, controlling Bruce Wayne and Batman was great despite not having much direct input on his actions. What stands out in this series isn’t the great combat set pieces, but the various dialogue choices available for the player to choose. Defining who Bruce Wayne really is behind the curtain is just as engaging as defining who Batman is during the night.What bothered about this episode involved the supposed consequences of your actions during one specific scene. Rather than having the story adapt to what I choose, I feel that the next scene of dialogue is decided without my consideration. This example involved me being chastised for actions that I had never committed, in fact my actions were the very opposite. And yet, the game decided the consequences were going to stay there, regardless of my input. Keep in mind, this problem has only arisen once during the entire episode. Regardless, such an error in storytelling breaks the immersion factor of the game. Despite the flaw, Episode One presents engaging gameplay in the form of choices in narrative as well as action set-pieces.NarrativeSo I won’t be spoiling any of this story, except for its premise, because I feel this is a unique take on Batman that everyone should see for themselves. We are presented Bruce Wayne and Batman during their first phase of their crime fighting career. And I feel the need to separate these personas into different characters because that is exactly how it feels to play these two. Batman comes across a crime that begins to develop into something greater and more terrible than anticipated. During the day, Bruce Wayne deals with his own set of problems involving crooked politicians, maintaining his social identity and secret, and understanding who he really is while having a nagging butler criticizing him every time he takes a seat in his bat cave. And this is riveting stuff every step of the way.Overall, besides annoyingly recalling the death of his parents, this series presents a unique take on Batman as well the story told here.GraphicsThe visuals work well to sell you the feeling of seeing a comic book coming to life. Something to keep in mind is that this isn’t your kid’s version of Batman. This game earns its M rating more so than Arkham Knight ever could and this is only the first episode. Depending on how you play, Batman can be capable of great cruelty toward his foes and have everyone question how honorable is this version of Batman. Some instances of violence have a stylistic presentation and then are instances that can be downright brutal. The environment, the characters, and effects are all well done. Animation is mostly rock solid, however there are some rigid animations that could use some work.SoundI came into this episode not expecting much when it came to the soundtrack, but honestly it impressed me. During the moments where Batman takes on a group of armed thugs, the game really sold the intensity of the situation. Even during its more subtle moments, music plays a large role in the atmosphere of this episode and it is great. The voice acting too was well done. There was no line of dialogue to really praise, but Troy Baker as Batman definitely worked and so did the other voice acting.Ending ExecutionThe end of this episode left me wanting more in the best way possible. While merely the beginning to a brand new story, the orchestration of Episode One’s ending will leave you with the feeling of satisfaction.OriginalityDespite this series slightly treading on old ground, Batman: The Telltale Series presents a unique take on Bruce Wayne and Batman. It really does feel fresh and aside from a few elements, I recommend any fan of Batman or someone who likes adventure games to pick this up and give it a try.9.0/10"
,Recommended,498240,26108791,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Alpha Daemon,"One of the best batman gasmes I have ever played, shows the true detective side of the big black bat."
,Recommended,498240,25775128,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Suddenly Light,"Awesome Telltale Batman game, I like that it really focuses heavily on bruce as more than just a mask for the batman- I can't wait to see how the rest of this develops."
76561198157304423,Not Recommended,498240,34133007,Posted: 9 August,all,TrainerBoii,"No wonder it's on sale, I can't even ♥♥♥♥ing play it.♥♥♥♥♥♥black screens and at best is an audiobook."
76561198064113151,Not Recommended,498240,34191741,Posted: 12 August,all,Albert,"WOW! 13gig download, I somehow feel it’s a bit much, played for less than an hour after that big download. Bought it on Wednesday downloaded it on Thursday, played it the first time for about half an hour on Friday and surprize! Saturday, there's a patch. I can't play more, I now have to wait for 9.3gig patch to download, this seems very inefficient. So, I can kill a few squirrels with the power waste of doing an update OR I'll just uninstall it, I think it's the best ""quick time event"" move I can do.For now, I DO NOT recommend this to anyone that’s not a fan of quick time events. As for the actual large size of the game installation I personally don’t think justifies the game. I’ll decide later if it’s ethical for me to get a refund…"
76561198048041413,Recommended,498240,24696318,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,codepo,"Let me preface this review to say that initially this game ran at 10fps and would CTD once i began ep. 1. Now the game runs at a smooth 60fps fullscreen 1080p. There is nothing wrong with this pc port, it is all in how your computer chooses to run it. At first my computer launched the game using my itegrated graphics card which has no power, hense the 10fps. So i had to change my nividia control pannel settings to launch the game using my high powered nividia processor. The game would then launch to a white screen. SO i had to go to my game settings change the compatibility settings to disable autmatic dpi scaling. Once I did all that the game ran beautifully and I absolutely loved the first episode, the art style, voice acting, just everything. So alhough it took me 11 hours to figure how to get the game to run, it was worth it. Never had to do all this work around for any other game, but it must have been something I'm to dumb to know about."
,Recommended,498240,24699020,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,[GWFs] GreatNose,"This is a great start to a new Telltale series. I have enjoyed both seasons of The Walking Dead, The Wolf Among Us, Tales from the Borderlands, and The Game of Thrones games and this looks like it'll join their ranks in quality. I was taken aback when I read that many people were having issues running this game because I ran it with almost perfect smoothness (only one part - one that involved a holographic map - dipped below 30 fps). I am not sure what the problem is, but I consider myself lucky with my ever suprising GTX 860M. I recommend this game from my personal experience with it, but i do want to provide a word of warning for those looking into it: it does seem to give some people trouble. Will it work for you? Inconclusive. But I definitely advocate giving it a try (especially if you love batman, like I do)."
76561198003083391,Recommended,498240,25503514,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Raging_Matrix_,Fantastic game. Comics come alive. Graphics and sound are awsome. Really injoying the interactive story Batman Rocks
,Not Recommended,498240,34731674,Posted: 4 September,all,God Emperor Trump,"The story was decent. The game mechanics are absolutely terrible. Lack of a rewind/undo feature, and no dialogue skip capability really kills the game. Its super annoying to have to listen to the same YA-oriented drivel being spouted off everytime you want to make a change on a decision. What's worse are the ""Next time"" and ""Previously"" recaps. They are so boring, bland, and needlessly time consuming that you should just go make yourself a sandwich and toast the bread while the game is replaying the exact same scenes with Telltale's Patented Stuttering Technology (C) (R) (TM).Also, the quick time ""events"" are 90% useless, as are most conversation choices. Characters still have the same general response and speech trees regardless of your choice in all but a select few circumstances. The QTEs are also almost unfailable, and even if you take a beating, the story trudges on.I am glad that I had a gift card and got this game on sale. Even knowing the low quality of recent TT games, this one surprised me with how little effort was actually put into it, and it was even more surprising that they removed features that were standard in other games.In short, if you like Batman, get the Arkham games. If you want a visual novel, go buy one. But stop shoveling cash to the hacks at Telltale; I think they themselves recognize their current product quality is just a joke."
76561198073742108,Recommended,498240,25341113,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,jvdgoes,"No problems with installing or playing. Great game, great story.. I am a real Telltale fan!! The only setback is... the Story is too short :("
,Recommended,498240,24681690,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Mastergodai,"hmm people seem to have troubles running the game , it works fine for me so far"
76561198041407341,Recommended,498240,24687840,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Aeonian Monkey,"Amongst all the negative reviews, I felt obligated to share my experience and give a review of my own.I have no experienced a single issue that people have been complaining about here. The game runs great, and though it did seem stuck at a low resolution in the beginning with seemingly no way to fix that, I quickly discovered that by backing out twice a prompt appears asking if you would like to save the changes. Which, as one would assume, set the resolution I had chosen.I had zero frame rate issues, experienced no crashes or bugs. I am disappointed so many people experienced so many issues, but I thought it would be good to release a review that offered a view on the game past those issues.I've about finished it, each chapter is 2 hours in TellTale games and I'm almost at the 2 hour mark. I have really enjoyed it, even though most of the first chapter was played as Bruce. Though I honestly didn't mind and I was in fact hoping we would get a little more Bruce time than in most games. The quick time events that these games are so well known for returns and is done very well. I truly enjoyed playing as Batman and it truly made me feel engaged in what was happening. The story has been pretty good for the first episode, with tensions high and a fairly fresh Batman out looking to stir up some trouble. There is a Detective Mode moment in the game, and quite frankly, I wish the game consisted of these more than anything else. I feel a game made the was these TellTale games are is perfect for focusing on the Greatest Detective side of Batman.All in all, really enjoying the game and I hope a patch goes out soon so that everyone else that is experiencing issues may enjoy it as well."
,Recommended,498240,24694813,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Midwest,By far the best Telltale experience.
,Recommended,498240,24710488,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Riada,"If you love the batman series,  or if you have always wanted to get into batman, then this is the perfect game. It combines the comics, the characters and the choices to create a great game to be addicted to."
,Not Recommended,498240,24683952,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Random10,"Move up nothing's happened ! Press 'RT' nothing's happened !Controller plugged in , it show me keyboard button !If they ask you to press 'RT' , It's actually means 'LB' !What the screen show , is not what they want !You need to press all the button to get the right one!Miss so much action , always die like an idiot !Delete the save file , 'maybe this time It works' !Watch the guard died again , press the same dialogue again !Bug is still there , it's really hard to play !I thought they are good in making this kind of game ?! Or just because it's batman ?!Looking forward to the fix !! :)"
,Recommended,498240,24689627,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,DarkLames,"I was fortunate enough to not have any issues with the game. 0 crashes, stayed at 60 FPS no matter what, and honestly I'm recommending this game on a land slide even with the buttery smooth expierience.I feel like I'm actually missing out on this game due to my prior knowledge of Batman and all the characters. Now, I understand that this game isn't following any particular comic or any other original Batman story, but the fact that I know who Batman is and how he handles situations actually may have taken me out of this game. I asked myself ""What would Batman do?"" not ""What would I do?"" There was only a few moments where I actually questioned myself what was for the greater good.That's really the only issue I see. I feel like this game has been handled really well by Telltale. It's suspenseful, dramatic, and kept me entertained for the short amount of time I spent with episode 1. I haven't played a Telltale game for a while, honestly I'm not even a fan of their titles that much due to the lack of gameplay, but somehow this game managed to make QTE's fun, and the animation quality when Batman fights is supurb."
,Recommended,498240,24711502,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,cholover7 /// Farmskins.com,"Short and simple review:Being a fan of Telltale games I had high hopes. With the massive bugs and issues at launch I was scared to try it, but it works and I'm loving it a lot!Loving the first episode, loving the game mechanics, loving the characters.Unfortunatly, besides the game it self being buggy from the start, also Steam is having issues with it, the game does not show up on player's their profile, nor do the achievements, and you can't access your personal achievements page, eventhough you do earn them, they are not shared or visible anywhere yet.#All and all, yes certainly way more issues then their should be, but the game looks darn promising as does the story, loving it so far."
76561198090005524,Recommended,498240,24685422,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Criganian,"Amazing at the moment. I don't know what everyone is saying about performance, I ran it fine. Do you have your drivers updated? Are you using the right OS launch for the game?"
,Not Recommended,498240,24695011,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,excelsior524,"The game lags like crazy and there are black lines all over the screen. It's pretty unplayable. I will be really ticked if Telltale doesn't fix this immediately. Tons of PC players are having the same issue even though their computers meet all system requirements. I'm sure the game is amazing when it works, but for now I won't be able to find out.  Wait until Telltale gets their crap together before buying this."
76561198031752714,Recommended,498240,24695347,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Waywatcher Sora,"Game ran flawlessly for me, only issues I had were a few dialogue conflicts, where responses from other characters didn't match my actions I carried out. Other than that another fun Telltale title to pickup."
,Recommended,498240,24690378,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Duce,NANANANANANANANANA NO LAG!!!!
,Recommended,498240,24710808,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,FlareKnight,"So far, so good.The only bad thing I can note after the first episode was one crash. Otherwise the game ran really smooth and made for a great first episode.I thought Batman certainly fit for a Tellate style game with the detective aspect and the multilple layers to Batman. Lot of fun to go back and forth, trying to determine how you want to handle the multiple aspects of who he is. How tough on the criminals? What kind of Bruce Wayne do you want to be?It's Telltale. The story seems good, the action is quick, and if they keep this up it should be a good series. We'll see how the other episodes turn out."
76561197982978475,Recommended,498240,24679098,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TheLowerLord,"Episode 1: Love the story so far, can't wait for the next episode"
79124523354487112,Recommended,498240,24679647,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Hyde,"Disclaimer: I did not have any of the issues many people are complaining about at the moment, this is purely based on the story/gameplay itself, not the technical issues that many are currently experiencing.After just finishing episode one I have to admit this was exactly the type of experience I expected (due to knowing Telltale's format) but also the type of experience I was hoping for. It truly left great first impression to this five episode story. The episode itself lasted me roughly 1 hour and 40 minutes and at not one point was I bored or lacking interest in anyway, every  character that I encountered felt genuine and diverse each unique as their own, all with different views.  I think the tone was set spectularly, and the Bruce's goals were clear throughout. I love the switching inbetween Bruce and Batman (even though we knew it had to happen) I just feel Bruce provides a form of calm before the storm, due to him mainly being the person talking, and then when playing as Batman having impactful fights that really felt like they had some weight behind the punches that were thrown. The fights were structed as fast-paced quick times events, although I pressed a few wrong buttons I do not believe I was punished for it, which leaves me wondering if it was possible for me to fail at these fast QTE's.Every now and then the animations were slightly lacking in my opinion and also some lip syncing was off but nothing that isn't more than a slight hiccup.Choice felt a bit lacking story progression wise, but every line of dialogue I could choose I felt would have a different reaction which made choosing said dialogue a lot more intense and interesting to decide. And on that note I believe the voice acting was done well, refering back to what I said about characters being unique, each had their own varied accents/voices that made them standout and was overall well done.If the series keeps this up I truly think that this maybe one of Telltale's best aslong as they ramp up the story a bit and get some more of our favorite villians within this game."
,Recommended,498240,24684045,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Cyotey,"Batman: The Telltale Series starts off different from what I expected. And I gained a lot of respect for Telltale because of it.StoryEpisode One was very good. The introduction felt like one you'd see in a DC animated movie blended with a conversation between Bruce Wayne and his butler Alfred. As much as I want to explain how the story unfolds involving Batman I can't. What I can say however is that it did and will equally include both Batman and Bruce Wayne himself (meaning he does as much fighting in a suit than as he does as the Dark Knight). Whether you're a longtime fan or a new one, this story will be new to you.GameplayFor those that are new to Telltale games, this is a game about choice. It records everything you say and do to shape your story. And it will let you know this before starting. Again, like other Telltale games the gameplay mostly focuses on QTE's. If you miss, it can affect what happens but it won't be drastic and will also have a small influence on the story. Apart from QTE action scenes, you will search areas of interest as Bruce and of course as the world's greatest detective. You will uncover rumors and a conspiracy that I've never seen in Batman's universe. While the Arkham games are known to give you some choice and tactics, this game gives you a unique twist to that (as you can tell it's clearly a unique game).GraphicsTelltale's uniquely drawn cell shaded graphics never get old to see. Is it the best graphics? Yes and no. The art style is exactly how it should be and it isn't going for realism.SoundThe sounds of combat, music and voice acting are all top notch.  It immerses you in right away and keeps you hooked until the end of the episode.OverallWhile the first episode was fantastic there are some problems. Both AMD and Nvidia GPU's either ruin the FPS or it makes it unplayable in fullscreen. Even while tinkering trying to figure out how high I could get the resolution, I gave up and just left it on the default options that it originall booted up on. UNTIL THEY PATCH THE GAME DO NOT MESS WITH YOUR OPTIONS. DEAL WITH THE WINDOWED MODE FOR NOW.  While this is definitely a rough start for the game, it isn't as bad as the PC launch of Arkham Knight (which is definitely worth the buy now if you're interested) but it's annoying that a much simpler game didn't launch smoothly. Regardless, Telltale is doing Batman......justice. *ba dum tss* I wholeheartedly recommend this for fans or anyone who has any interest in Batman. If you liked the first episode and want more Telltale action, I recommend getting The Wolf Among Us. It's complete and is just as unique and interesting."
76561198008851951,Recommended,498240,24710398,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Tyleet,"Despite the performance issues (framerate drops, lags on high end machine) this is one great Batman game.Some of the dialogs are the most intimidated and threatening moments I've ever had playing a game from the Batman universe. The story is very intriguing and I can't wait to see how it continues."
,Not Recommended,498240,24679739,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Freelancer Beta,"This game like many have said is unplayable, black lines on literally everything and runs at 10 fps"
76561198003294483,Recommended,498240,24679853,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Zifier,"I like the originality of it. Short, but that is expected. Also, people are reporting that it was buggy. I had no issues what so ever. It was smooth sailing for me."
76561198043943153,Recommended,498240,24683767,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Blaster1076,"Its sad to see people are having issues with this game, which gives it mixed reviews. This game is great! The story is enticing, the animations are smooth, and the voice acting is wonderful. I cant wait to see what the future episodes bring, and this also really makes me look foward to TWD: S3 as well.The only issue I had, now that I remember, was I couldnt exit out of the codex before sitting down at the batcomputer. That was my only bug."
,Recommended,498240,24690455,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,✌Mr.Soap✌ #Reporterino,"Not Buggy at all for me, Great game with a Great and original vibe and storyline. A must have for all Batman Lovers!"
76561198072019032,Recommended,498240,25560882,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,THE TOP RAMEN,great game loved every moment of it!
,Not Recommended,498240,29813989,Posted: 9 February,all,Bergström,"2 of the episodes were rly disappointing and 1 of them was the lastone where all the interesting things about the game would leave you satisfied, it sure as hell didnt. Buy it when heavily discounted."
,Recommended,498240,25560756,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,~KeNnEtH~,Awesome!
76561198119434129,Recommended,498240,24704921,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,sammatron,kinda broken but fine. (bruces heads gets twisted around) fun but easy. 9/10
,Recommended,498240,26415880,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TheOnlyHeero,"Love all the Telltale games, Interesting story so far. Not my favorite Batman game but still fun to see how my choices will effect what happens to Batman.Good storyline and fun to play through multiple times with different answers"
76561198044274177,Not Recommended,498240,24703659,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Clayton,PC version is terrible
,Not Recommended,498240,25552934,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Emratajkowski,Bought this on Batman DayAnd the fps drop bug still apear on Windows 7This game completely ruined my Batman Day
,Recommended,498240,24675921,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Guthrie,"Okay, so within a few hours of the games release it has mostly negative reviews. And I am EXTREMELY confused. I'm a huge fan of the Telltale Games, escpecially the more recent, cinematic ones. And this brings it to a whole new light. The animations are smooth, the story is engaging, and the action scenes are amazing. I would whooly reccomend it both for people who are fans of Batman, and the people, like me, who don't know much about it. Also, if you liked any previous Telltale games like The Walking Dead, Tales from the Borderlands, or Game of Thrones, then you will enjoy this. In the first episode, my one small issue is that it didn't seem like there were many game changing choices being made, but those may be reserved for the upcoming episodes.9.5/10"
,Recommended,498240,32530387,Posted: 18 June,all,The Hero of Gotham,A very good game with a very good story
,Recommended,498240,25225684,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sam,E P I S O D E  T W O  W H E Nedit: E P I S O D E T H R E E W H E N
,Recommended,498240,24675944,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Hickstermab,This game seems to have caused issues for many players but fortunately for me I've only encountered some small stuttering but otherwise I've been running at a stable 60 fps at 1080p on a r9 390 and i5-4690.The experience so far for me has been very enjoyable with the games story being engaging and having another perspective as Bruce Wayne has definitely added to the experience. The quick time events have also been very good.
,Not Recommended,498240,24710275,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,j4ckrosie,"My system more than meets the requirements for this game to run, yet the framerate is choppy, the graphics are poor and the controls are slow to respond. This is after the patch was released to help tackle these issues. Some players have appeared to fixed the ploblem but none of their solutions have worked for me. Telltale has released yet another broken port of what looks like a fantastic game. Refund please."
,Recommended,498240,24683675,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,"Grink ""Skyrim the 13th"" da Boy",works on my machine :)
,Not Recommended,498240,28189876,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,bpphantom,"Plagued with graphical and performance glitches since release several have been addressed and fixed. Not all, but many.Take this Batman story as an alternate universe Batman. Not the mainstream Batman you likely know and enjoy already. Game play is a series of QTE's which is standard for Telltale, and the decisions don't really matter which is also standard for Telltale.If you enjoy the TT model then you might enjoy this. If you're just a Batman fan, I don't recommend it. In fact I recommend against it."
,Recommended,498240,24681975,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,The Memenificent Derpingtons,"A stunning first episode that leaves me wanting more, I'm sorry for all the people unable to run it due to technical problems, but it ran almost perfectly for me, the only issues I had were sometimes RT and LT were switched (It would say ""press RT"" but it doesn't work, only to find LT does.) and one bug which left me unable to leave the bat computer after viewing codexes, other than that, I had no issues what so ever.I have an i5 4690k, 16gb of ram, and a GTX 970.So if you have the specs of equivalent or better, you should be absolutely fine running this.EDIT: I forgot to mention, I am running Windows 10 with the latest Nvidia drivers."
,Recommended,498240,24679085,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,OverSquare,Let me almost play as the Punisher so I am happy with it.
76561197970879700,Not Recommended,498240,24686557,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,KUKWES,amd system - no issues- slight lag but nothing a game like this with its length should have.
,Recommended,498240,24695452,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,kruegersteak,"Best Telltale game so far. Completely original, fresh Batman story. I'm hooked.Game ran completely fine."
,Recommended,498240,24760358,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Ally,"Wow. Just wow.As a comic book fan and a Batman fan, I've played a lot of comic book games in my time. Marvel Ultimate Alliance had a great amount of lore behind it and followed stories well. X-Men legends stuck to storylines within the comics and fleshed out the characters well.Nothing compares to what I have played so far in Telltale Batman. From the very start, the opening scene sets out what angle they are going for, it feels like they are using Batman - Year One as their starting point. The villains so far have been introduced thick and fast. Playing as Batman and getting to fight them in Telltale-esque quick time events feels epic and smooth, not forced and awkward. Using one touch button commands to use gadgets gets me hyped, press B now to use a grapple hook, press up to lift a henchman up and scare everyone. They captured being Batman really well.Then there is the typical ""choose your answer"" telltale dialogue options as Bruce Wayne. YES! ALL THE YES! I get to be Batman by night and millionaire playboy Bruce Wayne by day. Whats more the options are great, you can be the♥♥♥♥♥♥that Bruce needs to be to hide his Batman persona, you can play a little dirty unlike how he acts in the comics or you can be a bit bad♥♥♥♥♥ I've so far tried to stick to the flash cars, lots of women and a bit wimpy Bruce Wayne that hides my Batman persona, but you can take it whatever direction you want!The cast of characters so far is bloody excellent! No spoilers here but there are a host of characters from minor to major.Also, for those not intensely into Batman, they have done an excellent job of introducing villains, some they have even set the groundwork for a future villain reveal.Overall, 10/10 from me and absolutely can not wait for the next episode. Only slight criticsm was the slight lack of optimisation on day one which stopped the game working for some people, however a very quick patch sorted that right out so kudos to Telltale for being on the ball with it."
,Not Recommended,498240,24731503,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,JazTeka,Before the update I managed to at least start the first episode albeit with 10fps. Now everytime I open the game I get a white screen with no game.
76561197970719391,Not Recommended,498240,24731386,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,(UK) The Mawster,Very poor port. Shameful. Shows no appreciation or respect for the PC audience.
,Recommended,498240,24674520,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,[LSLN] Handsome Korean,Batman as the new entry in the Telltale Game Lineup.Now the Games Story and it's Quick Time events are just really well made and I can't wait to play more. I also really enjoyed the Artstyle of the Telltale Games as a big Borderlands fans this kind or Artstyle is perfect for me but it might not be for everyone!BUT (yes there is one negative)On the other hand the Game is not really well optimized for PC at the moment so I'd wait until they patch that if you're planning to buy this Game
,Recommended,498240,25059303,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,☽ LUNATEE ☽,I have no complaints about any Telltale series games. They are absolutely amazing!! ... and this one being BATMAN!!! What can I say?  na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na BATMAAAN!! Sooooo good!!!!! Must have for any Batman fan!
,Not Recommended,498240,26805396,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Berry Smol,its EP4 already and it still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥kys
76561197994881162,Not Recommended,498240,25694070,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Dunjall,i remember tell tale studios beeing a good developer. must have been wrong. refunded
76561198303683825,Not Recommended,498240,24859932,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,joeweedon93,This is my first Talltale game and i was really looking forward to playing it. I'm a fan of Batman and I've seen playthrough's of other Talltale games and I've always wanted to play one so this one seemed perfect to me! But unfortunetly every time I go to start up the game it pops up with Unknown error 0x887A0004! I've had a look online to see if anyone else was having the same problem and it turns out that there are alot of people in the same boat as me and yet no patch of any sort has been made. Its dissapointing concidering I have paid $29.99 for a broken game. I really hope they fix this soon
,Recommended,498240,24733711,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,FalconQ8,one of the best games in the world :Djust i hope the company fix Arabic subtitle as soon as posible
76561198116303189,Not Recommended,498240,24673907,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Runner Runner,"Really Buggy, I know it may be the first day but you could at least make it less buggy so people can enjoy the game on their computer. I was soo hyped now I feel like I need to wait for updates... ;-;"
,Not Recommended,498240,24701346,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,jjwp,I've never posted a review as I'm a fairly casual gamer.  I really don't like spending $25 on a game I can't even play at launch.
76561198006532564,Not Recommended,498240,24987204,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Augustei,"They told me all the bugs were dealt with, they lied =(. Running smoothly at 60+ fps but as soon as the scene changes / camera cuts w/e. The FPS keeps dropping to around 25, irritating and immersion breaking."
,Recommended,498240,29702910,Posted: 4 February,all,MeHrAnM.D | ZPing. ir,seriously enjoyed the game story ...
76561198123459486,Not Recommended,498240,34119179,Posted: 8 August,all,brmb,This game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on my mid range pc. Not only are there choppy moments every 10 minutes but in the first episode the screen went black for a good 10 minutes. Tell Tale needs to fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥or stop making games.
76561198093623876,Recommended,498240,24693489,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Pwnzar,"For the record, I have a gtx 970 and an amd 8350 processor and this game runs like an absolute charm. So sorry to all of you who can't enjoy this gem. With that being said, OH MY GOD IS THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING! I played it with 7.1 surround sound headphones on and it sounded like I was in a damn theatre. It's like the batman I have always wanted to see. Dark, grisly, brutal, violent. Everything you would expect to see from a mature imagining of the Batman universe. This is so good that I'll forgive TellTale Games for not coming out with Wolf Among Us Season 2 yet."
,Not Recommended,498240,24687866,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Nakkerhoofd,Unplayable for now. Do not buy.
76561197997795838,Recommended,498240,24683916,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,blade_125,"I'm sorry for all those experiencing bugs, because this game is amazing. My only complaint is that I now have to wait for episode 2.No bugs for me. GTX 760. I hope Telltale figures out the issue soon as everyone who is a Batman fan should experience this game."
76561198132591016,Not Recommended,498240,24679862,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,mochamanda,"Game is extremely laggy, and despite my laptop meeting all the specs it won't make it past even the first cut scene without crashing. What the hell, Telltale? Definitely hold off on this one until they get some updates sorted to resolve these issues."
,Recommended,498240,24714691,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Jobo,Great Game!!!!
76561198195369811,Not Recommended,498240,27205803,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BRUCE WYNE,"BEING HONEST. IF BATMAN- THE TELLTALE SERIES IS A ONLY STORY . OR COMIC. THIS MUST BE 100 PERCENT GREAT . BUT TO BE A GAME THAT'S REALLY AWFUL GAME. SOMETIMES THIS GAME HAVE INEXPLICABLE LAG. THEN NO MATTER YOU CHOSE WHICH DECISION .THERE ARE NO BIG CHANGE IN THE LAST CHAPTER . THEY ONLY GAVE YOU A CHANGE IN THE LAST CHAPTER'S PREVUE. E.G IF YOU CHOSE SAVE HARVERY OR NOT THEY HAVE NO DIFFERENTS( JUST FEW CONVERSATION AND NO ANY INFLUENCE FOR THE STORY ) HE STILL GOING FOR CRAZY. MAYBE YOUR CHOSE IS SHOWING IN THE END .  BUT JUST MAYBE .THEN THERE HAVE BIG ISSUE. THERE CHINESE ARE NOT CORRECT. THERE ARE SOME OBVIOUS MISTAKE YOU GUYS MAKE.E.G WHEN BATMAN MEETING JOURNALIST. SHE ASK BAOUT ""IS THAT BLOOD ON YOUR NECK?"" FOR THE THIRD CHOOSE SHOULD BE MAKING CRACK. BUT HERE CHINESE YOU GUYS SHOWING US MEAN BITE ME :) ARE YOU SERIOUS? THAT MAKES ME FEEL LIKE IN THE DC UNIVERSE SOME HERO SAYS SOME CHINESE. THERE VERY INTERESTING EVEN I AM CHIESE I CAN'T UNDERSTAND . WHEN YOU GUYS SAID ""CHINSE"" MUST ARE SOME DIFFERENT ALIEN LANGUAGE . ... OR YOUR GUYS REALLY THINK SO? THAT'S A LITTLE BIT HURT MY FEELING.BUT THIS GAME STILL GOOD IF YOUR A BATMAN ""SUPER"" FANS YOU WILL LOVE IT .CAN I BE A TRANSLATOR FOR THIS GAME ? I REALLY HAD ENOUH."
76561198081882380,Recommended,498240,24716785,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Regicide,Incredible first episode. This game shines a new light and breaths a breath of life into the character of Batman and the city of Gotham.ALFRED!
76561198089126750,Not Recommended,498240,24735050,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ansikes92,"If you need to play this game,  then I would hold off untill Telltale makes a proper patch to fix it.  I have only gotten to the first button sequence, not even two minutes into the game,  before I have to turn it off.  I've got screen tearing,  which is the most annoying thing to look at,  and low frame rate,  which makes it unplayable.  I've messed with the settings every which way and nothing changes.  I don't have a top notch laptop,  but it's much better than my old one,  and that one played other Telltale games perfectly fine,  with only minor frame drops here and there.  Telltale,  I love your games,  and I love Batman,  so yall need to make this work."
76561198039505608,Not Recommended,498240,24733757,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,NameBarrel,"The game is broken, black screen after loading"
76561197970978950,Recommended,498240,24714383,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Lawbee,"Great Game so far, like the new Batman experience. One of my favourite games beside Wolf among us from telltate.(got no issues with crashs or other fps drops)can recommand it for sure"
,Not Recommended,498240,24817103,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Super Grill,"Cloud save dont work, I lost 2 hours of gameplay"
76561198081853178,Not Recommended,498240,25626582,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,edh1,"It might be a problem with my laptop, but it is recent and good enough to run most modern games without hitch. However, this game is impossible to play for me. Half the time, I am staring at a black screen, with no ideea why I am pushing buttons. So if your rig is fairly old, don't buy it for PC or laptop.Too bad, because it is a compelling story. No spoilers. I got about halfway through episode 2 before I just gave up.Such a shame."
76561198262243264,Recommended,498240,25608774,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,omerb999,awesome game!!
76561198041047994,Not Recommended,498240,26759669,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nawaf1052008,How long they will continue to sell bad games completely technically?Do not buy this game
,Not Recommended,498240,24718736,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,7abourcc,"No issues with Telltale games usually, but at the moment this game is so choppy I can't stand to play it. Wait for a patch."
76561198008109424,Not Recommended,498240,24706878,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,PaladinHulk,"Even after a patch supposedly adressing the issues, nothing has changed for me. Still loaded with visual bugs."
,Recommended,498240,24726398,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,pbaik829,Very fun
,Recommended,498240,24706271,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,McReaps,"After reading the reviews, I was a little worried the game wouldn't function properly. Luckily, I never experience any issues with audio sync or frame rates. (purchased the game August 3rd)Took the plunge and found it was as good as I'd hoped. First episodes are usually just setting the tone, It's what we've come to expect from Telltale and they never disappointed. Some nifty new mechanics available to us and it's great to see how they bring the gritty Gotham to life in their unique way.If you're a fan of Batman or Telltale... You're going to enjoy it.Now, we just have to wait for the following episodes, great job so far!"
,Recommended,498240,25439709,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,LGN Rickvork :-),did you know his parents died yet ?let us remind you 500 times
76561198013745893,Recommended,498240,24675483,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,God Awful.,Works fine.  Noticed not even a hiccup.Decent enough so far.
,Not Recommended,498240,24823127,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,YicklePigeon,"Oh where to begin?The usual quick time event rubbish that has serious latency issues, only one scene where any kind of detective work is done - and it's slowly done at that, Batman has lost the ability to run or walk without a stick up the proverbial and yes...the origin story is covered AGAIN.Worse is the origins of other characters like The Penguin, who is this living-on-the-streets sort-of revolutionary. Think Anarky and The Penguin combined and a poor take on Nolan North's cockney Penguin voice from the Arkham games, it really doesn't gel and as it's established Bat-fans who'll be buying this game? Come now Telltale, if this is the best you can do...walk away now.I mentioned the detective work, which is confined to a single area (warehouse) where you link various bits of evidence together to form a theory. Well that's fine...in theory (ahem!)...but in practice, it means you are really just playing pairs (as in the card game). There isn't any room for error in the overall reconstruction or the ability to come to the wrong conclusion, except via dialogue choices later in the game.And yes, just like with Back To The Future way back when and right the way through to The Wolf Among Us, expect your choices to not be remembered properly. I, for example and not to spoil anything, chose to give a quote to the press that was both noted in-game itself via dialogue and in the ""choices you made"" screen at the end of the game...but in the Codex? That says I didn't provide a quote at all.Moving on, the graphical fidelity is so-so to oh dear. The characters are detailed well enough, as they were in The Wolf Among Us, but the areas and props - such as an item taken fromCatwomanat the beginning of the game is decidedly low detail in both polygon count and skin. Almost as though it was a reject from the Sam & Max days...Additionally, there are some backgrounds that are very clearly low resolution and random frame drops to 15fps during cutscenes (and potentially other areas of the game) where normally the game is at 60fps at 1080p. That's another thing, when you first launch the game it will default to windowed mode at 1366x768 (aka 1080i) on a monitor whose native resolution is a true 1080p. Easy enough to configure, but it shouldn't have had to be done in the first place.Finally the mouse input can be extremely slow to overly sensitive, very annoying and no menu option to tweak that."
,Recommended,498240,24751482,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Metal Socks,It's better than Suicide Squad.
76561198289729353,Not Recommended,498240,25162385,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,jwilson2409,"From what I've heard from others, the game seems to be very enjoyable. However, I have been unlucky to have issues running the game. I am able to only see the title menu and the first 30 seconds before the game crashes.Very upset by this as I have already spent £18.99 on a game I thought would be very good.Not cool Telltale :("
76561198006770245,Not Recommended,498240,26246849,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,MRH112,"This is my second and updated review for Batman, lets get stuck in.Unfortunately I still give this game a regrettable ""negative"", I want to give it a positive but just when I think they have finally fixed the performance issues they raise their ugly head again (in chapter 3 the lip sync is out by around 3-5 seconds for at least 10 minutes of gameplay), the stuttering is still present and seems to be caused by the engine just being unable to load all the ""detail"" in the game world (it looks like a game from 2010, cant be too difficult in 2016).The performance issues aren’t a massive disincentive however, the real issue I have is with the story in general or rather the seemingly lack of ""multiple choice"", for instance in no particular order:1) Characters keep telling you off for hurting or even murdering people despite the fact I have gone out of my way to be a ""good guy"" and not hurt or kill anyone (they try and push in the game its the media manipulating people, I think its them being lazy and not coding the events properly, case example a cop telling me off for seriously injuring a suspect despite the fact he should know I didn't).2) Choices you make seem to always lead to the same outcome regardless, more so than other games telltale have made, it makes the experience very linear.3) This is a big one and a *spoiler*, ties into point 2..... at the end of chapter 3 you have the option to give a good speech, political and not rise to the level of the penguin, needless to say the game ends with you going crazy due to a drug injection completely undoing all the careful political manoeuvring you did for the whole episode, showing how next episode you end up hated by everyone and put in an asylum for being insane... nice multiple choice their telltale, would love to see how you integrate my past choices into that one, why did I even bother?Overall I get the distinct feeling to get the most out of this game you have to play as if batman has an existential crisis of identity and wants to go to the low levels of the bad guys, all the dialogue seems to point to that and I think if you enjoy that side of batman (eg not being batman at all) the game would make a lot more sense.I will keep playing because its a good way to waste a few hours, I know my choices result in little but at least it is enjoyable.Overall 6/10, ok but I would wait until its on offer."
76561198036255381,Not Recommended,498240,25191561,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,BAD NEWS EVERYONE!,only telltale game that lags like crazy. pretty cool lack of updates on the issue
76561197966989591,Not Recommended,498240,28491945,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Laser-guided Gummy Bear,"Well...here we have another Telltale game, this one utilizing theBatmanmythos.For those of the ""TL;DR"" variety:It's a ""let's sh*t on Bruce Wayne 24/7"" simulator. In 5 chapters drip-fed to us over several months (while having paid full-price) - with a side-order of performance issues and chapter delays.And for the more in-depth review, continue on...Given the current socio-political climate - the writing feels very influenced by a SJW mentality. The constant unsubtle usage of the ""sins of the father"", ""restitution"", and anti-capitalist themes make for a very uncomfortable game to play through. The game just bludgeons you over, and over, and over the head with it. It's kind like watchingthe Passion of the Christ, but with Batman instead of Jesus (and you playing Batman).This wasn't a heroic Batman that triumphed over adversity due to his iron will, fighting skills, and keen intellect (the Batman I like). This is a Batman that is riddled with almost crippling self-doubt.It's Emo Batman.There are inklings of interesting ideas throughout the game: Mainly the Children of Akham and the retcon of Thomas Wayne being part of a criminal conspiracy that ran Gotham. But they are largely unexplored and/or smothered by some other, very peculiar, choices - like retconning Vicki Vale's origins, inserting the Joker (in blatant fan-service, and an attempt at setting up a sequel), and the introduction/creation of Lady Arkham - who has an extremely over-used villainous agenda (often by Scarecrow) and super-generic origin (she's evil because she was abused). She can also inexplicably kick Batman's *ss, and has some very sci-fi equipment. None of which is explained.Other mainstays of Batman's world are largely unchanged: His confusing relationship with Catwoman (who's especially♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and self-absorbed in this iteration), his strained friendship with Harvey Dent (who foreshadows his eventual turn into Two-face), a gruff pre-commissioner Gordon, and Bruce Wayne's loyal butler Alfred.Pros:-It's a Telltale game (if you're a fan of Telltale's previous games).-It's a Batman game (if you like the current takes on an emo Batman).-Voice acting is fairly good (Harvey Dent's actor, comes to mind).-Some interesting story ideas.-Some great visual moments.Cons:-Lingering performance issues.-An emo Batman.-Strange underlying story themes.-Game lacks scope. Feels very small-scale and confined.-""Choices"" that turn out to not be particularly impactful.-A very weak main villain (with a weak, generic agenda).-QTE combat and actions take your eyes off the action.-Catwoman (I hate Catwoman, sorry) (not sorry) o3o-Interesting story ideas aren't fully explained or explored.-Painfully set up for a sequel.-Advertisements for DC comics after every chapter.Final Thoughts:Out-of-the-gate performance issues (which seem mostly fixed now), paying up-front for a full game - but being drip-fed it over the course of months (with some delays), the ""choices"" seem impactful in the moment (but largely aren't), and the chapter recaps portaying scenarios that contain choices and dialogue I didn't actually choose!Telltale's once winning formula is starting to feel really predictable and tired.Verdict:Simply put, this is not the way games should be made.No one should be paying full price to play 1/5th of a game, and have the remainder dribbled out to them month-to-month for several months after.Companies like Telltale are clearly farting out a reasonably polished 1st chapter, then grabbing your money to hastily finance the remainder of their development.Gamers need to stop supporting this.Final Score:5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,498240,24673901,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Cooking  With Jason Voorhees,The new engine ruined it all used to have 60 fps now i got 10 and stutters every few seconds.
76561198040173478,Recommended,498240,29288538,Posted: 15 January,all,Spear,Every Batman fan should play this!
76561197988416433,Recommended,498240,26503586,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,JuhGuつ ◕_◕ ༽つ,top kek
76561198204814723,Not Recommended,498240,24813373,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,yasser3939,Arabic Language Not Working
76561198069739485,Recommended,498240,24725279,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Rkames517,"Its good so far, ignore the negative comments from day one release."
,Recommended,498240,24702997,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,dismay,"I was worried this game was going to turn out like Game of Thrones; bold and boring. But, this not the case for Batman, well so far at least.I love the comic style drawings, and the voice acting is okay. I disliked a few small things like car animations, but that is whatever. The story itself is an A+The game feels like a mix for Borderlands and The Wolf Among us. In my opinion, it feels like it fits perfectly, but this is only one episode, it can get even better, or fall down a slide. Telltale sometimes disappoints us but I feel they wont this time. The game is dark and serious, like a Nolan feel. If you liked The Dark Night movies and Telltale Borderlands / The Wolf Among Us, you should check out the game.8/10 so far!"
76561198013397733,Not Recommended,498240,26784996,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Trixie,"Honestly, the only reason I bought it was because ""Batman""Now that that's out of the way, lets answer the important question, is this game even good regardless of if you are or not a Batman fan?Ding Dong! and the asnwer is.....No.Terrible performance, animations look horrible, some scenes make NO SENSE, characters do really dumb things, terrible QTE and as always the whole ""bla bla bla story is tailored by how you play bla bla"" BS is again, just BS, you get the illusion that your choices make a real difference, but they don't.I just finished playing Episode 4 and it was the worst one yet, please, don't buy this game, it's not worth it, buy it only if you're a hardcore batman fan."
76561198113354508,Not Recommended,498240,29673481,Posted: 3 February,all,Big Yonsan,"Put 6 hours in, game deleted my save file and all my choices.Check the forums for other people who have had their saves wiped because ttg has no idea how cloud saves should work.Refund requested."
76561198104039560,Recommended,498240,26222098,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,YOLOSwaggins209,"The only reason people should not recommend this game is for performance issues, and Ive never had any of those, albeit Im running an i7 with a 980ti and 32GB ram. But you should be able to run this on just about anything. Also, telltale delivers another masterpiece."
76561197979469413,Recommended,498240,24696456,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Jeff Albertson,"TAKE NOTE THAT THIS GAME IS RELEASED EPISODICAL AND ONLY FIRST ONE WAS RELEASED.this is a telltale game. meaning this is narative game with QTE sequences and minimalistic exploration.the choices you do, the lines yyou pick, changes slightly the way people treat you and sometimes can change an entire scene. but considering past games from telltale those wont amount too much, when the plot starts to thicken (rendering seemingly big decitions rather pointless). hope they try to do much better than befor though.the lenght of the first episode is about 2 hours, which is standart and does not feel too long (imo)QTE sequences seem alot heavier than usual but not as unforgiving. if you miss a couple you wont have to sart over. which is a huge improvementstory itself feel like a real batman story and has alot of potential to grow.now there are some issues with this gamesome nVidia cards user had massive problems with the fps and game crashing. luckiely i do not have problems with the fps, but it crashed 3 times due to display problems.the game told me i should update my drivers and i did not listen. i do not know if it is the resolution to that problem thoughanother wierd thing was i personally had to fiddle around in options to get the game in fullscreen and the resolution i wanted, it is probalby the wierd desing choice that changes apply only if you exit the option menu completely which was confusing to me. they should change that.i encountered one sound glitch where in a combat scene sfx did not play for a few seconds. bgm and voices where played normaly.appart from those technical issues for me it was very much enjoyable and i cant wait for the next chapter. if you want to enjoy the full story in one go (aprox. 10h), then wait a few months, if you are a fan of batman and/or telltale games and a sucker like me who cannot wait, BUY IT! you know its goona be good :P"
76561197983092600,Recommended,498240,24696570,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Maakeff,"Game ran fine. :-)That aside, it's very interesting to explore a different side of the Batman to that which you see in the more action-oriented Arkham games - who he is and why he does what he does, the choices he'd have to face and the consequences. The story is certainly promising as of the end of episode 1, and I very much look forward to the next chapter!"
76561197971675085,Recommended,498240,24696002,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,kennethbrdk,Well promising start. The first episode were longer than expected. Great story so far. The thing to be seen though is if your choices really matter. But so far so good.
,Not Recommended,498240,24707710,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,noa,"Can't make it work in fullscreen, white screen shows up when it pleases and I got stuck in a fight because the framerate was so ridiculously low I wasn't fast enough clicking the keyboard/the actions didn't register. I've been a telltale fan for the longest time and this is by far their worst release in terms of technical issues (Never had problems with previous games, they ran just fine). I can't even judge the story because I refuse to try and keep playing this crapfest until it gets completely fixed, but good luck with that. Don't waste your money and time."
76561198327294704,Not Recommended,498240,25325398,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,dannyf035,I just wasted money for this game its not even responding
76561198093216805,Recommended,498240,26021604,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,WubbaLubbaDubDub,good game
76561198151970404,Recommended,498240,25580253,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Scuttlefish,Like Minecraft but with bats
,Not Recommended,498240,24685484,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Asaamus,poor gamedoesn't launch properlybuggynot let's you play above 720p and not even in fullscreeit's letting the game resolution in under 720never happened in telltale games beforehope they fix early...better to buy after fixing these issues
,Not Recommended,498240,24684003,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,HankTankerous,"I can confirm that this game is a buggy mess. Playing on an i7 4790k, 16gb ram, SSD, and GTX 980. Arkham Knight runs better than this game. There are also several bugs in the prologue. For instance, during on the fight scenes it prompts for A + RT. I failed that 10 times before I guessed that it really should be X + RT. This is using an Xbox one controller. I had to give up playing when it came to the start of episode one. I kept getting stuck in the batcomputer codex. No button would let me exit. Tried them all and eventually just gave up. I'm going to refund this game. The story seemed pretty nice for what I paid. Wait for the game of the year edition."
,Recommended,498240,24689424,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Blind Trump,Solid first episode to what I hope is another excellent Telltale series.
76561197995436971,Recommended,498240,24694567,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,BuzZxKillington,"I am one of the lucky ones that didn't get a broken game, I suppose. Besides for having to (ALT+ENTER) for fullscreen, I had zero problems.-It's par for the course as far as Telltale game mechanics are concerned.-Interesting story-Bruce has a bit of an Archer thing going on, which I find pretty amusing.My favorite Telltale title so far."
76561198072773447,Not Recommended,498240,24710568,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,predator,not good
,Recommended,498240,24690548,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Zanlo,"Story is interesting, classic telltale gameplay."
76561198034739617,Not Recommended,498240,24684042,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,UrbanDruid,"Dear Telltale,You have been making games for long enough now. You KNOW this is broken. 20 mins in and I get stuck in the codex. I'll tell you in detail how to replicate the bug.Step one. Play the gameYou have screwed us over just like EA. Filthy."
76561198056609059,Not Recommended,498240,24684751,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,SilentSnake,"I played the game for half an hour.  During that time frame, it crashed twice; said something about my NVIDIA ""not responding"" both times and everything is up to date (the specs of my rig are listed below).  Let me be clear, the concept of this game is AMAZING and the gameplay is riveting.  The game would be EXCELLENT in tip top working condition, but the fact of the matter is... the game is CLEARLY not ready to be released.  It's times like these, I'm glad that STEAM has a refund system in set place.---------------------------------------------------------------------System Specs:CPU: AMD Phenom(tm) II X6 1090T ProcessorGPU: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980Memory: 16.00 GB RAM (16.00 GB usable)Current Resolution: 1920 x 1080, 60HzDriver Version: 368.81Operating System: Windows 10 Pro (64-bit)"
76561198004463801,Not Recommended,498240,24689330,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,BUTZIBIBLE!!!!,"well...here i was playing the game without problems for like 45 minutes and i thought to myself ""hmm...all those guys must have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ machines or something...i should write a review how awesome everything works for me""...just to see my monitor turning black and getting no video signal anymore...had to kill my machine and restart...great game 14/10 would kill machine again"
,Recommended,498240,24689371,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Baba Yaga,No issues at all. played start to finish without any crashes or FPS drops.1440p780 Ti
76561197961316991,Recommended,498240,24691651,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Silverbaine,"I was lucky enough to not have the performance problems that some users are having, I wish them the best of luck. Applying options in the settings menu was a little clunky, but once you figure it out its easy from there. I came across a bug while in the bat cave, you can view character logs before you follow your first objective, don’t do it. I was stuck in the computer screen until I restarted the game.  After that the game worked like a charm.I played the first (only available at this time) episode last night and loved every second of it from the awesome introduction to the life of Bruce Wayne which is a nice change of pace and something unique for Batman video games as whole. So far the story is engaging, entertaining and had the telltale twists one would expect, I for one am going to play through this chapter multiple times to see what changes. The combat and basic gameplay feel exactly like they should with a telltale game. Overall if you enjoy telltale games than you will love this game.It reminds me of ‘The Wolf Among Us’ which is one of my favorite Telltale games to date, this one may over take that spot."
76561198044219042,Not Recommended,498240,24689467,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,dinosaurdan1,"I made the mistake of preordering this game, and soon found out that the game is unplayable due to extreme lag. I've tried everything I could to fix it, but the game still runs slower then a snail. Do not buy this game until a patch is realised.  Once the game actually becomes playable, I'll give it a positive review."
,Recommended,498240,29773157,Posted: 7 February,all,Trillain,"This is an amazing game, everything might not be like you remember if you watched Batman back in the Adam West days but still it's good. If you like chose your own adventure stories, Batman, or both, then I certainly recommend that you pick this up."
76561198241959156,Recommended,498240,26106391,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,KRISTIAN2015UK,Game runs fine and looks good dont listen to the bad reviews must have really poor rigs!! Poor..
76561198001543510,Not Recommended,498240,24758899,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,cpt.v,Disguistingly raw and broken product. Mass crashes\freezes and all sorts of technical issues.No way to enjoy the game people can't manage to even launch.
,Not Recommended,498240,24785383,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Jake7363,"I just got the game and I already gave up on it because of the terrible frame rates making the sound three seconds behind.  After messing around a bit Arkham Knight, I was able to play the entire campaign but I refuse to play this at its current state.  If the game was less story and more just going around a beating criminals like Arkham Knight, then I would play it longer but i just can't get the feeling as if I am Batman.  I have only tried to play a few minutes of it so i can not fully say if it is like this the whole game but I would wait until they fix the bugs in this game before buying it."
,Recommended,498240,24736945,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,SMG,"The 1st episode is AMAZING! The only real issue I had was frame rate in between dialogue/ cut scenes. Other than that, no real game-breaking issues for me. Call me lucky I guess."
,Recommended,498240,24700941,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,iChargeBanshees,Great port most polished Telltale game I have ever played. I am not sure what all of the complaints are about.
,Recommended,498240,24735920,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,GeneralRhys,"When this was first announced, I wondered how a Batman game could be made into the Telltale signature style of dialogue heavy qte's, and with Batman's mythos already well defined, where would they put this story.They seem to have done what most people do when telling this story, and gone for a reboot of sorts, adding their own custom fleshy flair to a well known story skeleton.I thoroughly enjoyed episode one, but only had a small complaint, in dialogue you are given a choice of what to say, but there is only one answer that should be given, ""I AM BATMAN""*Gamers will remember that."
76561198039427736,Recommended,498240,24677070,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Skarv123,"Definately the best batman story to date, made with great ideas executed perfectly"
,Recommended,498240,24724282,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Voidrix [SF],"Really enjoyed the first episode, some teething problems wiith the options not registered the changes till you completly exit options menus was a bit annoying but not too troublesome. The story, animation, voice acting was great much like other Telltale games.My only gripe, some may disagree, but introducing Bruce's parents being dead is one thing and having some conversation driven by it. But it was a lil forced down your throught by the end of the episode (that was with avoiding parent dialogue). Hopefully, that tales off a little in future episodes.Premise is good (nice balance of Bruce/Batman) and a good use of misdirection with the plot."
,Recommended,498240,24705118,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Vengentz,"A solid Batman title that shows noting less then what you would expect from a Telltale game.This game ventures off from cannon to create it's own stories and world with familiar characters. Great story telling and a version of Batman that actually kept me guessing till the very end.Filled with quicktime events (it is a Telltale game) and littered with tough choices.Hope to see more Batman titles from this ""alternate"" Batman reality, till then, I will most likely play this a second time."
,Recommended,498240,24768038,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,imperial.blackhawk,"An enjoyable entry into the Telltale library of games, I look forward to the remaining episodes.Though I've seen reviews citing game breaking bugs, and performance issues, I've played through the game twice since release with no issues."
,Recommended,498240,24768638,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Norby_17,Just as good as every other Telltale game that I've played.  So far the story is great (written after finishing Episode 1) and it has the same old Telltale graphics which just makes these games for me.
76561197975538021,Not Recommended,498240,24759501,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,John W Smokes Jr.,"If you are hoping for a game that truly simulates what it is like to stare at a black screen with the promised controller support not working, then this is the game for you!  Otherwise, be thankful STeam offeres refunds."
76561198165671688,Recommended,498240,24768192,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Sinisterx,"Im not gonna lie, I was kinda bored when I first started the game, as its my first telltale game (I know, surprising). But holy ♥♥♥♥ was this game good. The ending is dope as ♥♥♥♥ and the story is just solid. Cant wait for the rest of the episodes.P.S - The game runs fine. I have an r9 290, i5 4670k and I had no problems running this game. Most bugs have been patched"
76561198170019881,Not Recommended,498240,27686809,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,WolfieGamer,"This sucks, mabye its just me but this game just dosn't work, Steam wouldnt even give me a refund....."
,Not Recommended,498240,24745259,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Archon Reaver,"This game just ♥♥♥♥ing sucks on pc. On TWO different windows 7 computers I tried installing it and playing it, and it would never open. One of the computers had a problem with directx, the other just didn't work."
,Recommended,498240,24730847,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,E60,"After a friend of mine told me he could run this game on his surface notebook, i decided to give it a shot, i get 12 fps XD, id love to request better optimization, eg. choosing what direct x mode to run in (id love to try direct x 8 :P) and being able to further adjust the settings, like model quallity (Highpoly and lowpoly models) and maybe fog density all the way down to no fog?, just everything you guys can think of to make this game run better, it doesn't even look very graphicly intensive, which isnt a bad thing, i really like it. So, next patch, more graphics options please? i only reccomend this game if you're %100 sure you can run it."
,Not Recommended,498240,24733369,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,DanTheMan,The game didn't work when it first launched but the menu did. After the update the menu doesn't even work.
,Not Recommended,498240,26617815,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,B-Lok,I'm really enjoying the game.. Batman... Telltale... What more could you want?... Oh yeah right ♥♥♥♥ing trigger
,Recommended,498240,25588872,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,KBRenegade,I really loved the first epsiode and can't wait for the second one to be released. The game gives you more of a feeling of Bruce Waynes' psyche and focuses more on how his actions effect the people around him.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of Batman.
76561198072046439,Recommended,498240,24775468,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,theguywithnomind,Episode 1 ReviewSome pacing issues but its amazing and from the looks of it will shape up to be an amazing batman story.
76561198292388975,Recommended,498240,29410828,Posted: 21 January,all,Logan_RS,"If you came for a review, you've come to the wrong place.But if you came for the lyrics to the greatest remix of time;His palms spaghetti,Knees weak arms spaghettiThere's vomit on his spaghetti alreadyMom's spaghettiHe's nervousbut on the surface he looks calm spaghettito drop bombsbut he keeps on spaghettiwhat he wrote downthe whole spaghetti goes so loudhe opens his mouthbut the spaghetti won't come outhe's choking noweverybody's joking nowclocks run outTime's up over SPAGHETTI"
,Not Recommended,498240,29024492,Posted: 4 January,all,No cheese Gromit,"!!!!SPOILERS-SPOILERS-SPOILERS!!!!!!!!SPOILERS-SPOILERS-SPOILERS!!!!!!!!SPOILERS-SPOILERS-SPOILERS!!!!!!!!SPOILERS-SPOILERS-SPOILERS!!!!!!!!SPOILERS-SPOILERS-SPOILERS!!!!!!!!SPOILERS-SPOILERS-SPOILERS!!!!!!!!SPOILERS-SPOILERS-SPOILERS!!!!!!!!SPOILERS-SPOILERS-SPOILERS!!!!I was never huge into Telltale, I played season 1 and 2 of The Walking Dead and really enjoyed them (Season 2 ripping my heart out and stomping it on the ground with its ending (this is a good thing)). So when I bought this I expected this to do something similar with its ending.In the game you have Salina and Alfred.-Salina is a character who helps you in fights, and you can choose to even get closer to her and she will become a love intrest.-Alfred is of course a parent figure to Bruce/Batman and does so much to help you in the entire game, he means a lot to you/Bruce.After you meet Salina on a road as she is leaving Gotham you say good bye to her, shortly after Alfred is kidnapped by Lady Arkham. At that moment I said to my self ""Well♥♥♥♥♥♥ Lady arkham probably some how has Salina to, and the game will make me choose between Alfred and Salina to save"", Which would have been amazing. NOPE, never saw Salina again and it was just a little rescue mission for Alfred. No emotional things happened at all. It didnt ruin the game for me, it just made it seem like it was not at all worth the time to play it.Also does not help that the first 2 1/2 episodes are very slow and nothing super interesting happens.This was a pretty fun game and I enjoyed it, but asking $25 is a bit much for how the first 2 episodes are and how the game ends.I like this game, but for now I wont recommend this game until the price is lowerd to atleast $15."
,Not Recommended,498240,25837883,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,albertp76,"I've never really been into Telltale Games. The only one I played before Batman was Game of Thrones. My experience with the game was pretty nice but it felt a bit disappointing because of the technical aspects. When Telltale annouced they were changing there engine I was pretty excited to see what it would bring. The answer to that is pretty harsh. It is exactly the same and it runs even worse.-The mapping was wrong for the Xbox One controller. That's pretty much a huge middle finger in the player's face.-It is graphically and technically poor. The resolution is very low because of the letter boxes but it's still running slow.-On my laptop I can't play in fullscreen. Go find immersion with the white windows bar at the top of the screen.-It doesn't feel like Batman mostly because it runs so slow. You never feel the quickness and accuracy of the Bat because it goes litteraly 10 frames per second in combat.-Finally for a game that relies on choices made, having the menu tells me I didn't made the first episode as I was about to begin the second was a bit too much for me.10/10 will go back to Life is Strange for narrative experiences."
,Not Recommended,498240,24700668,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Enkila,So i have 11 hours on this game most of that is trying to fix the framrate after cutscene's i drop to 10 frame's or worse and im unable to even do a QTE event with the framerate like this it has gotten to the point where i even dropped it down to 600x800 and maybe got like 3 mins of a good QTE but after that it drops again so of 11 hours i have maybe 15 mins of actual gameplay tell tale plz fix your game
,Not Recommended,498240,25017952,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,hameerabbasi,"In the final blow of the first fight scene, it tells me to press RT + A on my XBox One controller. Doesn't detect it, so I can't even progress in the game.The controller itself works perfectly fine, I tested it in Control Panel."
76561198020696909,Recommended,498240,24705120,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Northwind,"""I'm Batman""-Batman"
,Not Recommended,498240,24723500,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,21 Ravage,"Cannot get past the first fight. Game tells me to press keys so I press them and they don't register. No FPS issues or lag issues, requested a refund on this."
76561198015499537,Recommended,498240,24713895,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,BlueSubway,GoodDoeidoeidoeidoei
,Recommended,498240,28414180,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Carl Poppa,cant wait for the 2nd season!
,Recommended,498240,24708799,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,krwachir,"Who actually play Telltale Games for graphics and engines? It's all about stories... and I this can easily be placed as one of their best. sure there's some bugs but not that big a deal. I love Batman and have already beated most of the games (except the lego one), this is 3 times cheaper than the Arkham knight, but I must say, I think I like this one more.(It also has the dective mode!!!!)"
76561198167860221,Not Recommended,498240,24830225,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,PeterDinklage,"Loaded the game went to setting put it on full screen, now I get a permanent white screen. 10/10 out of ten would go to full screen again"
76561198029155314,Recommended,498240,24698297,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,VillageIdiot,"Despite the patches, I was already off to play this game on the PS4. #ConsolesMasterRaceSo yeah, it's been a rough start but here we are, I have finished episode one.I felt like their last two games, while given the good ol' writing by TellTale, were just a pair of pop culture references. Maybe Batman is too these days, but it's been around way longer than Game of Thrones and Minecraft.So not only did they do very well with Batman, they gave the universe a fresh new story driven adventure I have never seen in a while.I just love how they have put Bruce Wayne into the game, as others thought he was just good for cutscenes to build up to the next level where you just play as Batman. The split-persona between Batman and Bruce Wayne is an important part of Batman's story that not many games took great care of.Batman Begins just had Bruce Wayne in cutscenes and that manor mission.The Arkham series just had close people like Alfred be his moral guide.And I love the lil' twist at the end. That's a good example of a fresh take on Batman."
76561198296085636,Not Recommended,498240,24705044,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,0115332,The Game is broken
,Recommended,498240,24678933,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Bretzko,Game worked great for me loved episode 1. I give it a 8/10 for episode 1. Sorry to those who cant get it to run smoothly
76561198220620920,Not Recommended,498240,34047322,Posted: 5 August,all,Creepypasta99,"I'd like a refund please, I was convinced I wanted it simply because everyone else was playing it and thought I had to like it but now I realise the story sucks and I just...want a refund, please, I hate it."
,Recommended,498240,24676948,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Xiofire,"Much like most of Telltale's games, Episode One really is the groundwork for the rest of the season to shine, and Batman is no expection. The tone, characters and main struts of the story are all introduced here, and while interesting to play, doesn't fully realise it's potential until the chapter is winding down. The new combat mechanics, as well as the new linking system employed during the detective scenes are both very welcome additions, and add some much needed depth to some of the areas that most felt were shallow in previous Telltale titles.While I did encounter some bugs, mainly being unable to back out of the Codex screen, I didn't experience any of the game breaking or heavy performace issues like those in the comments, so YMMV in that regard.Unless you must have each episode as they come out, maybe think about holding off until the full season is out and Telltale can work out the launch kinks the game is currently suffering from."
76561198070897901,Recommended,498240,26371475,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,BloodBath,this game is amazing I like it alot
76561197973395640,Not Recommended,498240,28709412,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Tombosaurus,"Cloud Save does not work and I therefore lost 5 hours of progress. Would not recommend any Telltale game untill they finally fix their poor engine. How is it that such a basic but important function such as saving your game has bugs? SHAME, SHAME, SHAME"
,Recommended,498240,25960013,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,angella302,"My PC:Windows 10i5-650016G RAMNVIDIA GTX 1060 6GPerformance:I played on high and very occasionaly I get one stutter which happened roughly 3-4 times throughout the play of 1st episode. Other than that I didn't have any other issues that other people have mentioned.Overall, the storyline is interesting enough to keep you going (I kept myself to go so sleep after this save but ended up playing the whole episode) but I have to admit that most of the choices were easy to make and kind of foresee the consequences. There was only once big dilemma where I had to stop and think for few minutes. I would give another try with episode 2 since I don't see why not."
76561198091497724,Recommended,498240,24733924,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Krabby The Clown,i really like the look and feel of the game. runs smooth. is very interesting and is tons of fun.
,Recommended,498240,24798403,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,its Good To Be Bad...,Nice! I want moooooorrrrreeeeeeeee!
76561198026641143,Recommended,498240,26450429,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Benedict_87,"I am enjoying the series so far.It's an interesting enough story and I'm curious to see where it goes from here (just finished episode 3)I haven't experienced the lag issues that some others seem to be experiencing, but I don't have the same graphics cards that are being mentioned as problematic either.Overall I would recommend it... but do make sure your computer's graphics card is not one people seem to be having issues with before purchasing."
76561198014097607,Recommended,498240,29252580,Posted: 14 January,all,Schizm,"game is a Masterpiece,"
,Recommended,498240,24700470,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,♣ 「ΉΛZΉӨЯD™」 ♠,"Ignore the negative reviews, their just ""people"" who don't know how to configure a computer system. For me, the game ran pretty, flawlessly. However, whilst you transition between scenes you may get a little loading lag on the odd occasion. This is to be expected on any newly released game. So don't worry, it will be fixed (hopefully) in the close future.Episode 1 was spectaculer. I love the new unique twists and turns the writters are taking the beloved Batman story. I can't wait another second to delve into Episode 2.... and I can essure you, I will do so, head first ^_^On a serious note. If you love a good nitty-gritty story, then I thoroughly recommend this wonder filled game and more so if you are a Batman fanatic such as I.(You can always refund it if you find it's not to your liking)Enjoy ^_^H.R.Tucker"
76561197968773992,Not Recommended,498240,29854247,Posted: 11 February,all,Belhurst,"Game does not save progress, after 4 hours i had to turn the game off (because life) and when I started it again later all save data was gone. It is a game where choices are important. I am not going to start this game from scratch."
,Recommended,498240,28925688,Posted: 1 January,all,Exciting Jeff,"It's a Telltale game, only moreso. This one has way more quicktime events, but it still works, because the game tells a fine and sometimes surprising Batman story that doesn't ignore Bruce Wayne. It also looks incredible, which is a major step up from prior Telltale titles.The game didn't quite go the way I thought it would; I was hoping that my actions could cause or prevent Gotham's villains from developing criminal personalities. That's not what happened, and I'm a little disappointed, but I enjoyed all the time I spent playing this game all the same."
76561198056128462,Recommended,498240,34117877,Posted: 8 August,all,Duct Tape Meerkat,"There is a moment in Episode Three where you need to prepare breakfast and the game won't progress until you ""CHOOSE"" to have your bagels with cream cheese.Not everyone wants cream cheese with their bagels, Telltale. Some people just want to have bagels on their own and you're taking away their freedom. Screw you, Telltale! Stop trying to push your cream cheese agenda on us!But the story's pretty good so....... yeah."
,Not Recommended,498240,28051024,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,skurk1,"Good game, not up to Telltale's usual standards but worth playing. Would recommend to buy on a sale.It's riddled with bugs, which is why I'm not recommending it.The bugs include not saving your game, huge FPS drops, game just closing with no error message in the middle of a cutscene etc.I'm running this with an i7, a 980Ti & 16GB of RAM.Tried installing on SSD & HDD, no difference."
76561198307682541,Not Recommended,498240,26408530,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Pipower,"So Bad, 1st try didnt load, 2nd did then crashed the rest never worked again"
,Not Recommended,498240,25890702,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,GrizzlyBizkits,I enjoy the game the story is great and im doing a playthrough on my channel but at the same time the mouth movements are just so painfully out of sync the combat implementation is just so forced and routine after episode 1. Other than that ive got no complaints and i would say wait for maybe a big update that fixes all that stuff before you buy
76561198276032516,Recommended,498240,24735013,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,iandyou99,This is so AWESOME!!!! I like THIS GAME!!!!!!! You should buy it! I promise that you won't regret it.
76561197996453561,Recommended,498240,24735130,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Brödrost,"Personally, this is one of my favourite Telltale games so far. The game isn't filled with villains, which is what I find interesting about the story, since it's more of a ""origin"" story, & mystery/crime story, which is a nice change of pace to Batman's story. The difficulty I find is that, during the story, you play as both Bruce, and as Batman, and choices both make can affect the other persona, so you have to be careful with what you choose.I personally haven't run in to any issues while playing the game.The game is very story focused, with not that much ""action gameplay"", but it does have some interesting fighting scenes, which are very nicely played out.Overall, I enjoyed the game, & cannot wait for the rest of the game to be released!"
76561198022738725,Recommended,498240,28948706,Posted: 2 January,all,Mister 74,The story is really great as with all telltale games. Portrays Gotham City and the universe of Batman as authentic as it can be and shows a much darker side to Batman than the movies or arkham games. This game has blood and brutal violence so beware. Cant wait till season 2!
76561198139643629,Not Recommended,498240,25912935,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Rick the dick,"There are these weird black lines coming out from the models, how can I fix it?"
76561198087878458,Not Recommended,498240,25297898,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Sega_Kuro1000,"cant play the game, its laggy and crashes, and my PS4 controller doesnt activate when i plug it in.I want a refund."
76561198051134214,Not Recommended,498240,24797838,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,davefox990,"I was really looking forward to this game but it doesn't work on my laptop no matter what I try. I am leaving it a few more days in the hope there will be another patch, but if not I'll be asking for a refund."
76561197981616970,Recommended,498240,24804943,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,SuperKargon,"A very differnt Batman game that I have played in recent years, but I have to say it is really fun. I highly recommend it."
76561198025503385,Not Recommended,498240,26343940,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,MoneypennyDreadful,"The game is boring and the perfomance issues just make it worse. It's not fun enough to ignore the illusion of choice like in other Telltale Series. The combat is just clicking the buttons the screen tells you to, which is lame. Watch a play-through for a bit before you invest in this game, it's expensive for what it is.Very disappointed, this Batman couldn't breathe in space and orders steak well-done."
,Recommended,498240,26336114,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Rickard,Great story so far. I'm enjoying every minute of it!
76561197997238412,Recommended,498240,24701345,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,daniel82,Once they patched the game have had no issues with the game.Great introductory episode that keeps the story interesting and fairly open with options on where to go. Game runs smoothly and have some interesting mechanics. It's great finally getting to play a game where you take on the role of Bruce Wayne.One issue is that the controls can get a little clunky in action sequences when you have to quickly hit shift+q or e.Looking forward to Episode 2.
,Recommended,498240,24701833,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Falcon2k,Telltale'in batman oyunu yapacağını duyduğumda kesinlikle kaliteli birşey gelmez diye düşündüm ancak yanıltı beni Batman olarak onun dövüş sahnelerinideki askiyonun kombinasyonu-dedektifliğini-zekasını ve diyaloglar olarak gayet güzel bir şekilde aktarmışlar gayet başarılı buldum hikaye beğendim bi çok kişi opti. sorunundan bahsediyor ama ben sabit 60 fps oynadım sabırsızlıkla 2. episode bekliyorum
,Recommended,498240,24701850,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,NutelaCrepe,"Let me start by saying I love Telltale games. Telltale makes a Batman game! Count me in! No hesitation or second thoughts. The game has some great ideas like linking clues to get to the right scenario. I had some bugs here and there but nothing major. The only down side is that you can play only Episode 1 for now which is about 2 hours long. But that probably my fault for not reading the description of the game. Well, I won't talk about the story here since it is a telltale game which based mainly on it. I had fun playing Episode 1 and looking forward to play the rest."
,Recommended,498240,24709145,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,johnsona952,"Since I'm new to reviewing games, I will show both the good and the bad. Good: The gameplay was highly entertaining and the plot was incredibly interesting. Unlike the arkham series, the telltale series also shows Gotham at daytime making it unique and unseen before I would honestly recomend this even with the cons I'm about to mention. Even though there are a lot of good stuff there's just some bad stuff I would like to mention in case of the makers of this game are reading this. When I played through this game, there would be lots of lag even when I turned down the resolution the game would lag and would show faulty textures. The city's ""graphic-card taxing"" citizens had glitchy facial features during my playthrough. I honestly wish that they would release the next episodes sooner becuase it took me two days to finish the first episode. Honestly, I think that this is a pretty good game (not amazing, but good). I would recomend the experience to anyone."
76561198119719719,Recommended,498240,24713017,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Spoopy Crippling Depression,Really fun game. Need more episodes now!
,Recommended,498240,24702475,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,justin,great game. wasnt buggy and ran great for me. cant wait for episode 2.
,Recommended,498240,24701406,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,eilrac8779,Great story with twists and flawless gameplay. Can't wait for the new batman telltale series.
,Recommended,498240,24706819,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Akuma,"I initially had issues figuring out how to change the resolution, however, I was able to resolve that. I appreciate a lot of people have had performance issues with this game, but personally I haven't. I run a pc with a GTX980 and i5 2500k.The story and gameplay is excellent. This is my first telltale game, and I am extremely impressed. Can't wait for future episodes.Definitely worth it with the caveat of other people having performance issues. They've released a patch which apparently should solve FPS issues."
,Not Recommended,498240,33018539,Posted: 29 June,all,Captain Serious,"I hate to say it, but Telltale actually managed to make a Batman game dull and uninspired.I loved many Telltale games, but I think the gimmick has run it's course with me.It saddens me to give this a thumbs down, but Telltale really needs to stop saying your choices matter.  Even my choices during some quick time events don't matter.  Yes, you can hit the wrong key AND still succeed.Just make cartoon series Telltale.  I'll still watch."
76561198249105648,Not Recommended,498240,35095296,Posted: 20 September,all,flyingbazooka,The game is Great but im in the middle of episode 2 and all the sudden it just stops working. i try to open it but it dosnt work. I unninstalled it and now it wont let me reinstall it.
76561198100473620,Recommended,498240,25080463,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,gregz1169,I'M BATMAN!What more do you need?
,Recommended,498240,29890608,Posted: 12 February,all,Bullet-Tooth Tony,"Alright, here we go. This game.STORYThe story was very.. different, at least in terms of the Batman universe. I can understand how some people may not particularily care for this story, I personally enjoyed it. It's fresh to the Batman universe (I mean, making Batman's parents the evil-doers is a pretty unique, dare I say ballsy, take on the universe) which was cool. There didn't seem to be a hell of a lot ""REMEBER THIS CHARACTER???"" cameos in this, which is nice. It took a couple villians and ran with it for the duration.That is until Wayne gets admitted to Arkham Asylum in episode 3 (or was it 4?), then it gets the whole Batman-reference-circlejerk out of its system. I also want to point out that I CANNOT STAND JOKER'S VOICE IN THIS. IT AIN'T NATURAL. But that's totally subjective.I don't feel like going into more detail. To sum it up, interesting take on Batman, one that you'll either love or hate.GAMEPLAYIt's a Telltale game, so gameplay is expectantly lacking. If you're complaining about gameplay in a Telltale game, then you must be new. Anyway, what like gameplay there is is a series of quick time events. However, there is also the detetcive events where you solve murders, kidnappings, heists, etc. I really like that this in here, as I feel like recent Batman movies and even games forget that Batman is the world's greatest detective. It's mostly just action, Batman beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out baddies (which isn't necessarily a bad thing, just more detective stuff would be cool).Now, the biggest detriment to this game, as everyone else has been ♥♥♥♥♥ing about (and rightfully so), is...PERFORMANCEHoly ♥♥♥♥. What a ♥♥♥♥♥how. I want to clarify that I never experienced a crash, and I know that a lot of other people have. I also want to make a note that I play on the Win 7 version of the game. But goddamn. People talk but their mouths aren't moving; lag during QTE's; whenever Bruce watches the telly its just a blank screen, which is just confusing cause people are reacting to what they're watching but you have no ♥♥♥♥ing idea what the hell they're talking about; a lot of FPS fluctuations at random times; sometimes the game takes forever to load specifically during the ""Previously on..."" scenes (weird how its only at these sections, but alright, could be worse); and some other things I can't think of off the top of my head.VERDICTIs this game worth buying? Well, performance isn't a deal breaker for this game seeing how 80% of the game is just sitting back and listening to the story progress and occasionally walking 20 feet to get to the next cutscenes. Not to give Telltale a pass though, or to excuse them for their faults, because the performance is unexceptable when their earlier games seem to run better than Batman currently runs (especially since with the success Telltale has been seeing lately they SHOULD be able to hire on some extra programmers or testers or whoever the ♥♥♥♥ they need to AVOID this problem).Luckily, they gave us the first episode to demo so we can decide. I'm recommending cause I enjoyed the experience, but it is not without its faults, so I'd say to buy this game on sale, like I did. It really isn't worth the full price tag."
76561198040267879,Not Recommended,498240,28674535,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rotal,"I can't say i recommend this one. The story alone would be enough to discourage people; should be called The Bruce Wayne Small Talk Simulator, not Batman. But what really kills my recommendation is the technical issues. After the big performance patch it's actually running WORSE than before. If you enjoy microstutters this is the game for you. But i doubt you do."
,Recommended,498240,34746824,Posted: 4 September,all,Trufasa,The best game to come from this studio so far and that's saying something.Fast paced and the story was incredibly entertaining.Can't wait for season 2!
76561198090623653,Recommended,498240,34755246,Posted: 5 September,all,Vision,"With total of 8 hours play, a brilliant telltale games that need us to be what kind of Batman are we in real life. Recommended to buy it while on steam sale!"
,Recommended,498240,25711663,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Paradime0,"so far one of the best storylines ever played for Batman, its so interesting that you feel like Batman/Bruce himslef making decisions for the fate of the game THUMBSUP!!"
76561198176586327,Recommended,498240,25719345,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Eloy,"excellent story, along with the arkham saga and nolan's"
,Recommended,498240,25580777,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,DesertThorns,"Na na na na na na LOVEIT.Great story so far I look forward to the next episodes. Telltale never fails to illustrate. Worked perfectly fine on my computer.If you love Batman like I do, then I suggest purchasing the game."
,Recommended,498240,24677936,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,GenericHenle,Played through the first episode perfectly fine. It's an interesting story that focuses much more on Bruce Wayne than Batman. If you're looking for a more action oriented game. This iisn't for you. If you like the other Telltale games. You'll like this one a lot.
,Not Recommended,498240,24764197,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,9S,"Many bugs :(The game back to Widnows Desktop again and again , also clt + enter will get crash .... > <"
,Recommended,498240,29751799,Posted: 6 February,all,Krobon,"Whether all the choices truly matter or not, I can say that it's a worthwhile story to experience. If you're a fan of Batman then it's worth playing because it truly is an enjoyable experience."
76561198277114950,Recommended,498240,26019662,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,xXEl No CookieoXx,This game is so much fun can't waith for next new episodes
76561198036481525,Not Recommended,498240,28355253,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,erupting_finger,"Let me just start off by saying that if you want to buy a TellTale game, resist buying it before the last episode comes out. Once the last episode comes out, you will be in for a fantastic video game. The game itself is good with great voice acting and an ok story. That being said, there are a couple of performance issues that tend to happen if you play the game as the episodes come out. Framerate drops and video stutter can cause some of the audio and video to de-sync which pulls you out of the story completely. Overall, I would highly recommend buying TellTale games ONLY when the final episode in that series comes out. by then, you will have the complete story to play through and all the technical bugs will be mostly ironed out. The only reason I am not recommending tis game right now is because of the practices of TelltTale themselves. The lack of communication and inconsistent release dates make enjoying this game very difficult."
,Recommended,498240,24682658,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Strife,"IF YOU ARE HAVING ISSUES RUNNING THIS GAME MAKE SURE THAT ITS RUNNING OFF OF YOUR DEDICATED GPU AND NOT YOUR INTEGRATED GPU....With that being said, i very much enjoyed the 1st episode in this series. If you enjoy TellTale titles and batman, this is a homerun."
76561198127031725,Recommended,498240,24681551,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Jr,great story i love the game
76561198001322706,Recommended,498240,24685788,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Zero,"Great episode, can't wait for the next one."
76561198154110439,Not Recommended,498240,24687618,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,mohammedkh511,♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198052169079,Not Recommended,498240,24681669,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Majoraswrath96,Literally unplayable. Batman whips out his wire mesh batgrappler and it silenlty strikes into the wire mesh wall. He then crashes into a window with a sound delay while a 1fps train rolls by.
76561198014690917,Recommended,498240,24687445,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,William Curd,"(SPOILER FREE)Before I proceed with my review it's important to note that I am a fan of both Batman and the Telltale game series, so consider that when taking my opinion into account on whether you should purchase this game.'Batman: The Telltale Series' is another game in a long line of adventures produced by Telltale, the game follows a similar formula as the others in their catalogue, although this time using a new engine. Despite this new engine the game is generally what you should expect if you have played any of the previous games, point and click style gameplay with dialogue and environmental choices mixed in with a heavy emphasis on story, so I will now proceed to detail each aspect of the game.Gameplay: The usual Telltale gameplay is brought back, you point and click on objects in the environment when you are allowed some freedom of movement, this often times will lead to background context of the environment, characters and story in the game, this is nothing new, however the concept and execution still works and serves it's job well. The newest mechanics introduced by this game is the combat, it still has the usual QTE events which I found lacking, as failing those does not often lead to a different cutscene or choice, but the drone combat is a nice new addition allowing the player to plan and execute an attack through multiple choice takedowns that lead to a flashy cinematic conclusion. How well Telltale plans to include this new mechanic in the future and in what ways is yet to be seen, but none the less so far it's been utilized well. The usual choices in dialogue are still here with the ever present ""X will remember that"" which will at some point lead to the plot developing in a unique way, but as with all Telltale games we will have to see how the story pans out based on those decision for better or worse. The major criticism I have with the dialogue choices is sometimes you will pick an option expecting a certain answer, but the character will say something which you did not intend. This is a tricky situation to tackle for Telltale as they cannot add all the dialogue on every option due to the timed choice mechanic and for the way it would ruin the tension of the story, but as it stands Telltale needs to better communicate what tone and message your character will convey with each choice.Story: So far the story has been interesting, it's the usual setup, Bruce Wayne is Batman and must tackle the daily challenges of being a billionair socialite and dealing with the crime infused city and criminals who lurk within it at night. As with most Telltale games many of the plot points will not be played out fully until future episodes, but they do set up an interesting situation that has left me craving for more.The key characters in the game seem like they have some histoy with each other, but are still on somewhat new terms, allowing the player the understanding that the world existed before we arrived, but still allowing us to feel like we belong in the story. The biggest supprise is that the game heavily focuses more on Bruce Wayne than Batman allowing the narrative to delve in to options many other Batman games, movies, comics and other mediums have not explored fully, which is perhaps what the oversaturated Batman franchise needs. The characters all seem realistic so far and have decent chemistry with one another, the best compliment I can give at this point is that this feels like a Batman story which is exactly what it set out to do.Graphics and Sound: The new engine is a definite improvement when it comes to the graphics department, environments looks less jagged and clear, the faces on people still manage to maintain the emotions of the characters without coming across as goofy, and the atmosphere is dripping from everywhere leading to an enjoyable experience. Despite this do not expect graphics that look ""next gen"" as the game by no means can be considered visually marvellous and instead it focuses on a cell shaded simple clean look which in my opinion lends itself well towards the comic book style it's aiming for. The sounds in the game are great, the voice actors deliver believable emotional lines, and the sound effects did not feel out of place. My favourite aspect of the sounds is the often low key background music that plays during certain cutscenes or dialogues that reminds you this is a Batman game, helping the player to stay grounded in the plot. Ultimately the sounds in the game are great, and whether the graphics bother you is up to personal taste.Technical Issues: Many players are having technical problems at the moments, everything from the game not launching to controllers not being recognised, luckily I have had a flaweless experience. Your best option right now if you have purchased the game and are experiencing issues is to check the community forums or to wait for a patch. As this is a new engine Telltale has not experienced many of these bugs, so keep an open and patient mind. With that being said If you do have issues I would recommend using the Steam refund option until the game is in a more stable state.Conclusion: While the game has flaws when it comes to dialogue choices not being what is expected, and the graphics being somewhat lackluster, the story, characters, atmosphere, new gameplay mechanics and sound design more than make up for it. I have had a wonderful experience with 'Batman: The Telltale Series' and am excitedly looking forward to the next episodes. I can highly recommend the game to anyone who is a fan of Telltale games, Batman, adventure games  or narrative driven games.Pros - Great Narrative, Dripping Atmosphere, Stylized Comic Graphics, Believable Characters, New Combat Mechanics, Focus on Bruce Wayne.Cons - Graphics while stylized aren't great, Unexpected Dialogue, Non-Consequential QTE's, Technical Issues.Score: 8.4/10"
,Recommended,498240,24688620,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,IVT,"**Review based on Episode 1**Performance:I ran the on a desktop GTX 960 and had mostly 60fps (some framedrops but not sure do to streaming the game) and everything seemed to work as it was suppose to.Bugs:Could not leave the Codex menu in the first batcave sequence (I suggest just following the objective and not touching anything else). Xbox One controller like with all Telltale Games is not even recognized. And some sound effect were a little too quiet during a sequence later in the episode.Game:So far TftBl has been my favorite Telltale Game. But Batman has a change to replace it. The combat and other gameplay mechanics are fun. The story seems to be pointed in a intresting direction. This game is what I wanted from a Batman Telltale game, and If you are able to stear clear of the performance issues (until they are fixed) you shouldn't be dissapointed.TD;DR - Great game if you can avoid the performance problems. 5/5"
76561198189004442,Recommended,498240,24690393,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,burton1962,I find this game fun I have no issues with the controls or anything wrong with it. Everybody has a different opinion but my game is running just fine and I cant wait for episode 2
,Recommended,498240,24679574,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Brohann Sebastian Bach,"Wow, not sure what people are having such a problem with... I had zero bugs and made it through the game with no problems at all.The game is great! Voice acting is great, dialogue choices feel meaningful and had me panicking a few times. Love the direction they are taking with the story and some new looks at old characters.Not all great though. Animations are less than smooth and it's pretty short for a first episdoe. I suppose you could replay multiple times but that means deleting your previous choices. If you don't like the second run, you'll need to start over again just to start episode 2 where you want.Overall, I enjoyed this and can't wait for more!"
,Recommended,498240,24680478,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,waeljas,"The game have few bugs here and there but over all was a good experience .I relly liked :- The new combat in certain areas , make you chosee frome ware you will enter and how you wnat to do it and the way that when you get your quick time action right you charge the bat symbol then you can do spicial attack .- The story is good as always , it have some nice twist on it- How thay did the investigation and make you connect the evidenceI didn't like :- The Xbox One countroler didn't work- The arabic subtitle wasent right it reten reverse ( it bothers me because I was excited to play it in arabic )- I got one glitch made me replay the intire part- The quick time action , it kinda getting boring I wish if they found better way to do the combatAt the end , I rated it : goodIf you like Batman or TellTal games you should give it a trySome pepole says that they got 10 FPS ! , I have Nvidia GTX 770 and I was getting 48-60 FPS most of the time 60 FPS"
,Not Recommended,498240,24681693,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Totally Useless,"I almost never have issues with games, issues like framrate and graphical errors don't really annoy me as much as it does others, which might make me a plebian.But, I have never played a game with high expectations, only to have it be unplayable."
,Recommended,498240,24681694,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TransGamerGirl,"Well, I just finished a complete playthrough of episode 1. Overall, I'd have to say I like it. The character, the story, and hooks being set up are all really well done, and I like how we're getting an actual focus on both sides of the character, Bruce and Batman. We see a very Gotham-esque early Penguin, get som nice play between Batman and Catwoman, and Harvey is wonderfully done as good friend that might be a bit shady. There is a lot of reason to want to play this if you enjoy Batman in any carnation.The only bad thing is... right now this game is a laggy mess. Frame rate drops pretty badly during action scenes, lip sync is almost non-existant, and the controls are stiff and semi-unresponcive at times. This doesn't make the game unplayable, but makes all the Batman parts more frustrating then they need to be.Once this fixed, then I could fully recomend it; right now I only give it a nod becuase I can't have a neutral review, and I there isn't enough here to make me dislike it. Just, wait till its been patched, unless you have a lot of patience like I do."
76561198253069327,Recommended,498240,24689184,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Yukir,"I'm seeing a lot of negative reviews, but I haven't experienced any of these problems, maybe TellTale underestimated the power needed to run the game, otherwise the story is great and the gameplay is satisfactory. I'll give it a 7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,498240,24711661,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Illustratio,i cant reach 30 and more fps even on the main menu... This is completely broken for me.
,Recommended,498240,24681168,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dental Flossers,"Great first episode, I didn't receive any bugs  like alot of other people did. really enjoyed the gamplay and the story could not recommend more!"
76561198049108457,Recommended,498240,24684146,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Joeyasaurus,"I ran into one problem while I played but after that it was fine, and I figured out it was because I didn't update my drivers after I upgraded to Windows 10 so it was my fault. The game is good and is very interesting so far and I can't wait till the next episode comes out to see what happens. 8/10 definitely recommend to any fans of tell-tale/choice games."
,Recommended,498240,24693638,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Zanoh,"TL:DR - Do I recommend this game? Yes.**However, be advised, this port only runs smoothly if you have a decent build. In my case, I am overkilled (5960X with 3-way SLI 980 TI). I cannot speak for all PC users here, but I think an SLI build  and a good 6 core processor is needed for the poor optimisation.Story:In Telltale fashion, the game is solid, and the story gets you hooked into the dilemma of Bruce trying to live up to his family legacy, which is currently being questioned due to Gotham's seedy underbelly. The usual caveat from Tell Tale games is, apart from major game choices, most minor ones do not change the overall outcome and climatic end to every episodic release. As such, depending on your viewpoint, you will either feel accomplished, or left wanting more closure.Gameplay:The QTE segments are a bit more fluid than other games released by the publisher, but if you are using a gamepad, the game has a tendency to sometimes not register your cue presses on time, or is a bit time squeeze happy with the split second decisions, not giving you the chance to take a breather to analyse the button presses required.Everything else, is standard fare in the point click adventure, you point, click, and find information relevant to the tasks required. I have to say I quite liked the streamlined detective segments provided by the game as it tries to show people why Batman is the world's greatest detective in the DC superhero lore.Graphics and Sound:Nice and lush quality as expected from the company. The atmosphere, the look, and the sound emanate Batman, and you can even customise what colour Batman's tech looks like (I stuck to Black and Blue). However, as many users report, that apart from programme crashes, having a moderate or less than stellar build causes framerate hiccups and drops. Hopefully patching and optimisation will fix this."
76561198079454947,Recommended,498240,24679704,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,fpsreznov,"The game runs fine on my pc. no lag, no fps drop, no crashing got through the first episode like a breeze and it was fun as hell. Also this Batman game is dark like return of the dark knight. Alot of blood and gore."
,Recommended,498240,24680549,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Pie Man ୧[ ˵ ͡ᵔ ͜ʟ ͡ᵔ ˵ ]୨,"Worked crisp for megtx 980had one bug with the codex, only restarted once.Overall ep. 1 is fun and I look forward to the rest."
,Recommended,498240,24681129,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ricochet,"I do not know why so many people are writing terrible reviews for this game, I just finished Episode 1 and it was amazing. Smooth 144 FPS, great artwork as usual, amazing animations, spot on voice acting, and absolutley STUNNING plot. I experienced no bugs with this game, much like how the bug problem was overblown in Arkham Knight, I had no problems in that game as well. Do not listen to the reviews claiming the game is broken, the 25$ is absolutley worth it."
76561198042617573,Recommended,498240,24681775,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tom,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=736467827TL;DR: For players getting the error message, ""the specified device interface or feature level is not supported on this system"", the above link might as well be Jesus.Long version: I have an Intel processor, an Nvidia video card, and Windows 10 operating system (just upgraded for free from 7), just for reference.The game appears to be designed to use the least powerful device it can to run itself (namely, the processor instead of the freaking video card that's literally MADE for gaming).  The above link shows you how to navigate the Nvidia control panel to set the game to use your Nvidia video card by default.  Good luck.Now for the review: I only just gained the ability to run the game, but even before pressing ""start"", it's taught me very much about trust (and its misplacement) and computer navigation.  10/10 for Telltale's first educational adventure!"
,Recommended,498240,24686622,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Yuki,"I can see why people would give it negative reviews if they've encountered bugs and such. Fortunately I didnt and had a fantastic experience. It had some tough choices, great action, good puzzles. Everything you'd expect from a good Telltale game. Hopefully they patch the bugs soon so people can experience the fantastic first episode."
76561197970645497,Recommended,498240,24681031,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Massadonious,"Some noticable framerate drops (nothing as bad as 10 FPS, but still) and audio cuts out at one point, but on content alone, I'd highly reccomend it after the first episode. Perhaps wait for a patch before you actually play it, but this series has promise. A lot more interactivity on top of quality storytelling Telltale is known for is something you shouldn't miss out on.I never understood being allowed to review an episodic game like this one after the first episode anyway. What if the entire game turns out to be a buggy mess? What if the technical kinks get worked out and people think this is the greatest Telltale game ever? The score becomes skewed because of some unfortunate bugs early on. In any case, play it now or when the patch is released, but, just play it."
76561197998769523,Recommended,498240,24685762,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Henke,"Great dialogue, great animation. Difficult choices and a really solid Batman story. A great start to this series. The voice acting was also superb."
,Recommended,498240,24676467,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Styleth,"Awesome game so far!The action is amazing, the story feels real, and I can't wait to the next episode is out!I'm making a mini-series on this, so keep an eye out! ;)"
76561198022955574,Recommended,498240,24690704,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Yakumo Yukari,"Best combination of QTE and combat, even better than some Action games.The plot is thrilling too! Can't wait for next episode.Just one problem, could you cancel the chinese translation? Even google translate could do better..."
76561197984413156,Recommended,498240,24698941,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Liteit,Great detective story and cool characters. That cobblepot....
76561198168210750,Not Recommended,498240,34375704,Posted: 20 August,all,my name is john,"Doesn't run well at all, freezes for half a second in between every scene and stutters almost all the time, and worst of all, they aren't doing anything to fix these issues. Telltale once again proving they are the kings of shitbag. Don't bother spending any money on this."
,Recommended,498240,30441066,Posted: 10 March,all,neorist,This is my second Batman game i've played.The first is the Dark Knight for ps2 :DGREAT GAME!
,Recommended,498240,28446687,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,G U N N A H,Is good game wether like battyman or nah boi.
76561198101551455,Recommended,498240,28486163,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ThemNades,"Wow, really good game. Made me feel like I AM BATMAN, not cheesing around (lol) at all. Story was nice and fresh (idk if it was covered in the books), completely different from the previous trilogy (no one counts Origins). All Batman falls will enjoy :D"
76561198019606269,Recommended,498240,28170738,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,eas_agamemnon,I've enjoyed this game a lot.
,Not Recommended,498240,25048347,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Replicant-5,This game will be great....when they fix it.  Poor support for X-Box one controller.
76561198279462348,Recommended,498240,24996917,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,$terben Shinkawa,"what the ♥♥♥♥!!! ""the specified device doesnt work"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i got this game amd it said that and it PISSES me off. i have Windows 10 and i press Windows 8+ so telltale if you guys cant make it better for windows 10 users you guys can go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves! (i mean its not a bad game or anything but it has good reveiws so i GUESS i'll recomend it...)"
76561198054026407,Recommended,498240,24790546,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Duo-Azrael,"For once, we decide for bruce.. Can't wait for the remaining episodes~! People who can't run this game should upgrade your PC, kidding. =p"
76561198007674242,Not Recommended,498240,24815747,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Strifos,no keyboard support for different types of keybaords. (only qwerty supported) not planning on breaking my fingers trying to get the right combination in specific times
,Recommended,498240,24901518,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,A Rumor,"While the game clocks in just under 2 hours, I found the first episode very well done. Very action packed and overall fun. That being said, there were a couple things I noticed. I went to the codex for something and I said I did something I didn’t do. So I don’t know if that’s a bug or an ui bug. And with the “poor optimization” issues some players seem to be having, I was having very little slowdown. Only in 2 spots I even noticed it. The biggest issue with me is; does the price tag match the game? Maybe, for me it was but for other people, 2 hours is not worth the 25 USD. So keep that in mind. I personally cannot wait for episode 2 to be released and see what Telltale has to offer.tl;dr  Might be too short for price tag, but overall fun experience."
76561198098797104,Not Recommended,498240,24759574,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Mohamad Ali Clay,"game runs incredibly slow redering it unplayable for a series that relies on QTE's ,my intel i3 cannot run the game the way it is meant to be played, do not buy until game is patched. I was really hyped for this game it's a shame, know I own a game I cant play."
76561198267779758,Not Recommended,498240,24760123,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,indiejobs,"This game is truer to the Batman we know from DC and further from the one we know from WB.Telltale did a good job setting the scene up for some interesting story-developmentsBUT...Episode 1 is incredibly short. Unless episodes come out on a weekly basis this is going to land in the ""maybe play again some time in the far far future""- bin.That said, I don't feel like I wasted my money, will just have to wait for a few more episodes to release to have a day's worth of entertainment."
76561198115016523,Not Recommended,498240,24738484,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,vuu,Still lots of bugs..meh like every other telltale the choices don't actually matter as you'll see if you make certain decisions.
76561198238975480,Not Recommended,498240,24709376,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Minas,"The game was unplayable. On the menu everything ran smoothly and i felt like, 'Oh boy, we are going places!' But hell, if i was wrong. The game ran better windowed rather Fullscreen and even with that, it had such a low framerate, the quick time events were unplayable. Batman died MANY times and i couldnt pass the 1st fighting scene! My laptop runs Overwatch on 50 FPS and it cant run a series of cinematics with a few buttons here and there!All in all, dont buy the game until they release a patch that fixes it."
76561197963964510,Recommended,498240,24683560,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Anisratt,Excellent. 120-200fps. V-sync: Fast. GTX 1080. 32GB. i7-5820K(6 core). Windows 10 Pro.
76561198311503686,Not Recommended,498240,24698023,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,michaela_marie_d,Lagged so much that I can't complete a fight sequence because the quick-time events don't register in time. I sincerely hope this game gets fixed because I'm a huge fan of Telltale.
,Recommended,498240,30978655,Posted: 6 April,all,ResidentBilly,"Amazing! Another great Telltale Games Series. Hopefully they can make another season, would definitely buy it."
,Recommended,498240,28919770,Posted: 1 January,all,PlumbThis,I thought Telltale did a decent job. Didnt have any performance issues and the story was great.
76561198027153564,Recommended,498240,24700609,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Ultram8,"Managed to get it fixed by reading the discussions...to a certain playable condition tho, WASD still a mess and need to use the Arrows and I need to quickly shift to mouse if there was a trigger, quite troublesome.Cut to the chase--I AM BATMAN"
76561198123164627,Recommended,498240,24700818,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,thot patrol,"Day of release was pretty rocky, FPS issues still linger but they are not as bad anymore. Story is pretty good so far. Interested to see the rest of it."
,Not Recommended,498240,24676911,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sebithial,"experience of the game so far;play for a few minutes in the default 720p windowed modedecided toset resolution to 4k full screen while in in a conversationmouse got stuck in top left quadrant of screencouldn't select any dialog options got annoyed and killed the processok, restart it, could have just glitched out, seen this in other games.Mouse still stuck in top left quadrant, ok lets try 1080pmouse works again! yay!play for a bit and get to batcave secion (about 10 minutes of gameplay)see something called codex you can have a look at and I select thatahh, pretty cool, some backstory on some of the places and characters aroundget totally stuck in the codex menu as everytime you exit it, you get caught in the menu and can't back out of it at allso, going to leave this here for now while I try and sort that mess out..."
76561198060855322,Recommended,498240,24962109,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,RageGamer97,You can hit a man in the face with a steel pipe and then break his arm. You can also impale a guy.10/10
76561198086569980,Recommended,498240,28845678,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Gamegamer12345,"Fantastic in every sense of the word, this game is mad good for both Batman and non Batman fans."
,Recommended,498240,24787145,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,SyrJirk,"Every Telltale series is a masterpiece and this is honestly another great game by them. If you want a good, story driven Batman game this is top of the list right now."
,Recommended,498240,24700622,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Hiram Speed,"excellent, a master piece"
,Recommended,498240,25064452,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Conker,Run this on my ultrawide works fine in windows 7 mode fun batman story feels like your playing the comics can't wait for more 4/5
,Recommended,498240,25069012,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,LIAM,so far so good
,Recommended,498240,24674753,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Boreal,"I originally gave this game a negative review for its initial lagfest filled gameplay and clunky combat that didn't even work half the time, and while it wasn't perfect it did seem most of the big issues sorted themselves out in the end. So, along with a very interesting story that gives you a great Bruce Wayne storyline and not too much time as Batman, but still some cool moments come out of it with interesting detective methods. At this point, if you want a perfect game then wait because you won't get it in this condition, but it's still a great game.Edit: Still not great and has many problems. Still a great story though."
,Recommended,498240,24676026,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Darren,10/10 game already after the first ep
76561198171470218,Recommended,498240,24676691,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,JdudeforGaming,"For many players this game seems to be pretty buggy. But for me who did not have the problem of frequent crashes, i can say this is infact a quality game. Their is good story, and gameplay esspecially for TellTale game. Obviously it doesn't have the same fighting system as the Arkham games, but i actually feel like i'm the world's greatest detective when playing this game. If you want that feeling, i would highly recomend getting this game. However, i would recomend waiting until a patch comes out to fix some of the bugs that others have been experiencing."
,Recommended,498240,24676729,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Shoddyan,"A new telling of Batman in his seemingly ""early"" years. Harvey Dent's running for mayor, Gordon's a Lieutenant and most of the villains are new to a town under the control of the Falcone mob. Not just a batman action game, however as this is very much Bruce Wayne's story. And like other Telltale Adventure/Action hybrids, you will be spending just as much time considering your words in the dialog trees and their consequences as anything else. Batman himself is of course a fighting superhero, but he's also the ""world's greatest detective""  and so the detective work takes advantage of the adventure game style.Only playing episode 1 thus far but this looks to be the beginning of an interesting series and an enjoyable game. Sorry for all the folks who can't get it running but my AMD card seems to play it smoothly at 1080p but for the occasional stutter in the action. A few bugs at launch (I got ""stuck"" at the Batcomputer) but that's to be expected. Would definitely recommend this and looking forward to seeing more of the story unfold over the coming months.And you get another Troy Baker Batman voice..."
76561198024872568,Recommended,498240,24677755,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,daigotsumax,"I was, in fact, Batman."
,Recommended,498240,24687312,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Apathy,"Decent storyline, but I like it simply because I'm Batman."
76561198035778779,Recommended,498240,24698769,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Actraiser,>gets to the batcave>starts looking at data on the denizens of Gotham>game locks up>bruce wayne simulator complete
76561198157464080,Recommended,498240,24702740,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,reigns22,"Batman The Telltale Series isn't just a Batman game.In this game,the focus is shifted away from the masked vigilante to the ""man"" Bruce Wayne.In the first episode,the choices aren't matters of life and death,but they still weigh heavy.As you are helping Harvey in his campaign,you are put in narrow corners that could ruin the Wayne's reputation.In my opinion,the only - this game have is the poor optimization.Otherwise,it's a really good Telltale game,the script is amazing,the story telling always keep you on your toes."
,Recommended,498240,24709428,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Arka,I liked the first episode and I can't wait to play the full game now! Gameplay is good and the story looks immersing so it's a must have for Telltale fans.I hope that the second episode does not take too long to get released.
,Recommended,498240,24720220,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Nick,So far so good
,Recommended,498240,24675708,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Bl4d3Runn3r,Story is awesomeGameplay is far better than in the last TT GamesPerformence is very good on a HD7870 OCAbsolutely recommend!
,Recommended,498240,24676484,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ghostly,I managed to play this game perfectly fine. The only problem I have had is using the game pad with it. Apart from that everything works fine.EDIT: Completed the first episode now didnt crash once and the controller now works perfectly fine as well.
76561198187005017,Recommended,498240,24676598,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Xehanort,"Seems that the game is crashing for most of you. And I am glad because it never crashed for me. I had fps drops all the time(between 30-45 in action sequences), BUT I pushed through it and managed to enjoy the game anyway. Hopefully this will be fixed very soon so many more people will enjoy it, because it's a good game.Story 8/10Voice acting 7/10 (Would've have wanted Kevin Conroy instead of Troy, how much I love Troy, Kevin Would've been better.)Performance 6/10 (for me since I only had fps drops, witch drops the score very much)Gameplay 8/10 (the detective work is cool, the combat sequences is awesome, but a turn off for some is the QTES but I enjoy them and the combat that happens as you do the QTES is nice to look at)Sound 8/10Graphics 7,5/10 (I enjoy the artstyle)Overall score 7.8/10I think that if you really hate performance issues and all that, wait until they patch it. But if you can go past that give it a shot, you can get a refund! :)"
,Recommended,498240,24676617,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Mascot,"Are a few bugs, things like being stuck in the codex screen, but story wise, another Telltale success"
,Recommended,498240,24678430,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,[ZIG.exe] HippedFever,"I really enjoyed Episode 1, and as i can see there is mostly negative reviews on this game, because of lag issues and such. Myself i do not have any of these problems and at the same time i do have some out to date hardware (my GPU) But they will most likely push a patch for these issues soon.But i would say if you like batman, buy it! I had alot of fun in episode 1 atleast!"
,Recommended,498240,24680249,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sverch,"Played almost all of Telltale games, if it matters. This is a review from only the first episode so far, if there will be great changes in game will edit it.Very nice addition to Batman franchise in my opinion. QTE become more action packed and fast paced. ""Walking"" phase as Batman feels much cooler than in previous Telltale games with not groundbreaking, but still, new ""linking"" mechanic. But what is the most important is the change that you should take 2 roles: Batman and Bruce Wayne, which feels (not plays) innovative and nextlevel-ish in story progression plain. Still interactive movie, though, if someone interested in this. Graphics feel kinda outdated too (2D backscenes?!), but animation (for me, at least) still okay and characters feel believable. The story is very engaging and intruiging.P.S. Just can't see a mediocre rating for very good game because of launch problems."
76561198079051456,Recommended,498240,24682054,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,AhmedZZ,"I haven't had any problems with the game , and the game itself was great ."
76561198067775300,Recommended,498240,24682776,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,andkind,I didn't know too much about the story but I love TellTale so I tried it out and it's amazing! I saw a few players were having FPS issues but I had none.
,Recommended,498240,24697615,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,AndyMillz,This game runs perfectly for me so i guess its really a luck of the draw. I enjoy the game and cant wait for the future episodes to be released.
,Recommended,498240,24698049,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,SkysWhisper,"InBatman - The Telltale Seriesyou play not only Batman but also as Gotham's Goldenboy Bruce Wayne as you try tomake Gotham great againstop criminals and bring Gotham to its former glory. The game itself is what you would expect from a Telltale game, quick time events and timed respones are the core gameplay mechanics, but Telltale added a tool for the Detective side of Batman a system where you connect clues to recreat a scene to uncover the what exactly is happening in Gotham this week.Batman - The Telltale Seriesruns smoothly and has great visuals, the cell shaded artwork makes it look more like a comic book then a game and makes Batman look right at home. This a game I can not reccomend more readily for anyone looking for a good Batman story.Episode 1:Realm of ShadowsEpisode 1 of Telltales take on the Dark Knight, and Bruce Wayne, is refreshing look at a old pop culture figure. Episode 1 itself sets up a huge web of intrigue bringing in a cast of regconizable characters from the Batman stories and reminds you a lot that Bruce Wayne's parents got murdered. It is a good kicking off point for this story, it almost has it all from political intrigue, crime families, and conspiracy. All in all this episode was a good start."
76561198070212290,Recommended,498240,24700940,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,goldmaste78,"Excellence Choice based game for Batman fansi had never played a Telltale game before and was alittle worried it wouldnt feel Batman enough. Well i have to say Batman is in good hands with Telltale. Excited for the rest of the episodes to be released.on a side note reguarding performance issues for some people. me myself running at my native resolution of 2560x1080 at highest possible settings i was getting excellence performance at a locked 60 fps most of the time. the only issue i had with performance is very rarely the game would stutter for a second and frames would drop to between 30-40 fps then go back up to 60fps. no control input issues with mouse keyboard minus operator error (lol)all in all excellence game so far and i look forward to more episodes in the futurei am running a pc with the following specsintel core i5-6600k overclocked to 4.5ghzAMD R9 Fury Sapphire Nitro16Gb of DDR4 Rama samsung 850 evo as my OS drive and games are stored on a 1tb HDD by toshibai made sure before installing the game i had all drivers and stuff up to datei have the newest Windows 10 Anniversary updateand AMD crimson drivers verison 16.7.3and all the latest drivers for my motherboard and etc,"
76561198054710922,Recommended,498240,24701230,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Heial,No preformance issues to speak of now. They patched it really fast props to telltale!Otherwise a great game! Really love the twists they did on what seemed to be a normal batman story.
76561198141982394,Recommended,498240,24703296,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,GreySlayer204,"I love the game. It lives up to the high expectations expected with a character as iconic as Batman. The story is very interesting so far, and the choices you make have a profound impact on the way people in the game see you. The new gaming engine updates add new features to the game that pull you into the plot line, but the game still has a few minor frame drops. Never been one to replay games, but I'm looking forward to going through alternate choices and dialogue options. 10/10 excited for episode 2"
,Recommended,498240,24709723,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,doptrop,"System Specs:Athlon X4 860k @ 4.1ghzMSI RX 480 4GBKingston HyperX Fury 16GB 1600mhz DDR3I suffered plenty of stuttering and crashes throughout my duration of the first episode.With that said, I really enjoyed the episode. It was a refreshing take to actually see a story told mostly through Bruce Wayne's eyes. I'm interested to see where they take the rest of the series. It took me about 2 hours to play through the episode but I'll likely play it again as the next one nears.UPDATE:Episode 2 still stutters but it did not crash.I was engrossed in the story throughout and I am really looking forward to the next episode.UPDATE 2:Episode 3 is just as buggy and this story is something else.FINAL UPDATE:With the latest patch, it fixed most of my performance issues. There were some drops here and there but nothing as significant as it was before. I really recommend the game to Batman fans."
76561198038864953,Recommended,498240,24713789,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Xen,"Great story, fairly well animated but it really feels like your choices outside of the main ones have little consequence which is frustrating.For the love of god, don't use cloud saving. It doesn't work and I had to replay 45 mins of the game which for a game that is basically an unskippable cutscene is boring AF."
76561198015292982,Recommended,498240,24718531,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,cid79,"I liked the first episode. It was not the best I have seen from Telltale but it was still good. I did experience one bug. On the first time entering the batcave, I clicked the codex and I had no way of backing out. I had to restart the game, other than that the game ran ok. My PC is old, ran it on high settings (except no AA) and did not notice any lag till towards the end. It wasn't bad though, just for a small part of a scene then the game ran normal as far as I could tell."
76561198055899673,Recommended,498240,24721704,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,KewlFish,"If you're a Batman fan this should definently be in your library! With all of the choices that Telltale offers, you can craft any Batman you'd like... through the choices that I picked I was able to play a Frank Miller-esque Batman and it was amazing!Can't wait for the next four episodes, 9/10"
,Recommended,498240,24724486,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,MooN,"Good first episode so far. No stability issues.Overall it's the same mechanics used in every Teltale games, with some twists.But it works and the story telling so far is amazing.Minor bugs here and there but nothing really annoying.Can't wait to play the next episode.Great work so far !"
,Recommended,498240,24726633,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,RENZO_BENZO,dh
76561197993268049,Recommended,498240,24732838,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,*Archer*,Its a nice game but the episode is way too short
76561198084807805,Recommended,498240,24735330,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,The Lord Inquisitor,"Cons: Cutscenes jump a tiny bit a couple of times.Pros: You get to shape how you act as Batman, You can be a Christian Bale style or the Ben Affleck. You also get to be a dectective and figure everything out. Also you get to be Batman.If you like Telltale games then i would highly recomend this game."
76561198170030393,Recommended,498240,24742224,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,cdog9150,"Kept Getting the black screen glitch and had to restart my laptop. Actually i had to restart my laptop 2 or 3 times and it took up about 30 minutes of my time due to me trying to wait out some of the glitches and whatnot. I finally got the game to play and it was somewhat laggy. nothing game breaking, there was just some performance dips although it was not my fault as i have an Intel Core i7 and Nvidia Geforce GTX 860 graphics card. after about 45 minutes or so of playing the game, it started to lag ridiculously bad and i ultimately had to exit out of the game. This is unfortunate because the story was great and i was enjoying the game immensely. Im going to give this game a Thumbs Up because it was enjoyable for the short time i played it and im sure a patch will come out to make the game playable. Im aware some people did not experience any game breaking bugs but be aware of them and buy at your own risk. I risked buying the game and now i have to deal with the bugs and crashing. Hopefully this will all be fixed with a patch."
76561197988307670,Recommended,498240,24746735,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Treadlocke,"An interesting take on the Batman with a lot of potential. Performance issues will hopfull be fixed for those having problems, but is worth the wait. I personally have really enjoyed playing it and look forward to next part."
,Recommended,498240,24767307,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Rohit,Each episode crashed one to three times but thankfully there are frequent savepoints so it wasn't a big deal.The story feels fresh as Batman is not shown as a veteran here (like in the Arkham games).
,Recommended,498240,24674795,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Joseph Kerr,"Now that it works, it's great. A story on par with that of the Arkham series, tantalizing hints of things to come, good screen time given to traditionally underused characters, and good use of the Bruce Wayne AND Batman mechanic, neither feels like filler, and I never found myself wishing to just get on with episode one. Looking forward to the next installment."
76561198015960574,Recommended,498240,24678595,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Cross,"Episode 1 (7.5/10)Fairly good intro into the world of the Dark Knight. This episode had some intense moments, fast paced gameplay, and interesting character dialogues. It seems that the choices REALLY matter this time.The gameplay seems to be consisted of 3 styles:1)Dialogues as Batman/Bruce Wayne,2) Detective mode, where you inspect and link clues and3a) Initiation Strategy, 3b)Fast paced fighting, where you have to press the right buttons at the right time.I experienced a few technical issues (the bug on the batcomputer with the Codex and the problem with the resolution, which i changed fast).If you are a fan of Batman and Telltale games you should definitely pick this game up.Episode 2 (8/10)Really good episode with some crucial choices to make. The story got a lot more compelling as well. The only problem is that it's too short (less than 2 hours).Episode 3 (7/10)Fairly good episode. Had it's moments but mostly sets up the ground for what it's coming next. Technically speaking, I experienced some lag spikes during cutscenes.Episode 4 (8/10)Good episode. Introduced some important characters in the Batmanverse. The choices in this one seem to really matter as well.Episode 5 (10/10)Undoubtebly the best episode of the series. Had intense moments, was dark at some points, the fighting was good and the choices really mattered.Overall ImpressionTook me almost 8 hours to finish the game. Good length for a 20 euros game. Some episodes were short but were really interesting.This game is definitely worth it. If you are a Batman fan then you should pick it up right away."
,Recommended,498240,24678861,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Matthewk1000,"I will update this with newer episodesI enjoyed the first episode. Unlike some peoples issues I didn't have any framerate problems and only found one glitch being the codex file after title card but other wise nothing, my only thing is the game between scenes constatly crashed, i think 5 or so times but because of the great story I would recomend it. Basically 3 Batman characters, Bruce, Vigilanty and Detective. Grate Story so far about Waynes curroption and Falcone.Episode 1: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,498240,24681787,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,CMX,"EDIT: After finishing the first episode the game is great if you can get past the bugs. Really enjoyed the first episode, and hope all the bugs get ironed out for the next episode. I change my recommendation to yes. If you can get past the bugs the gameplay and story are worth the effort. Or wait a week or two for the bug fixes.I thought people might be exaggerating about the bugs, but this is pretty bad.1. I had a problem when setting up the resolution. When I set it to my native resolution it switched fine, but the mouse pointer was confined to the top left quarter of the screen. I had to run the game at a lower resolution for it to work.2. The graphics look pretty poor compared to the Michone game I just finished playing last week. Probably to do with the resolution issue, but I also do not see anyway to turn up quality either.3. BIG ONE: I played for about thrity minutes. Was enjoying it, getting into everything. Then looked at the Codex in the Batcave and now I can not exit out of the Codex. There is no way to back out of it.It's crazy how many bugs I have read about, and now experienced several already in the first 30 minutes. How did this get out of BETA?WAIT FOR FIXES. This looks like it will be good when it works."
,Recommended,498240,24676526,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,MetallicaRules,"I have experienced the issues that many here are complaining about, and yes, I am angered by this too and Telltale needs to immediately rectify this in some way. This game is extremely laggy, I barely got over 15 FPS at best, and at it's worst, 5 FPS.But for the game itself, the first episode was flipping amazing, a great start to the series. It has me intrigued and wanting more. If I had to rate the first episode, easily a 9/10, it really captures Bruce Wayne/Batman, the voice acting was great, and the new game mechanics, including improvements to fight scenes as well as investigating, are an added bonus."
76561198105698209,Recommended,498240,24678426,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Simba,"Awesome first episode! Again Telltale Games present another great experience! In my experience, i had only a few buggy patches which could either have been buggy or just rough game design (example: When Harvey put the champagne back onto the waiter's plate, it almost floated from his hand). All in all though, if you loved the other Telltale games, this won't be a let down! Still not as strong as my favorite ""The Wolf Among Us"", but reason being you're Batman. You can choose brutal action, and is presented through diologue, but never truly lives up to the choice of being a hero or a monster."
,Recommended,498240,24697597,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,WeaponJohnnyX,I'm really enjoying this game. It has good graphics and a interesting story as well. The game reminds me of the animated series; however there's no Kevin Conroy.
76561198216509593,Recommended,498240,24699725,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Bowllow,"Likes1. Amount of exciting QTE.2. One short event of detective work.Dislikes bug1. MenuSetting the resolution. Each time you set it, go to previous menu and go back again,the setting will return to default unless you save the setting (need to return to main menu,which takes two clicks)Telltale should have a button to restore default instead of doing it automatically for customers...2. Higher res. than 1280 x 720 will prevent mouse from moving to bottom half of the screenTo other Steam users, wait til Episode 2 comes out. Confirm that Telltale will be consistent with gameplay.Example:You like throwing a vase to people but Telltale force you to mash random buttons for all fights until Episode 5."
76561198137194018,Recommended,498240,24699744,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,2009 Meme,Buy this on console if you want the best experience.  Honestly.
76561198191236610,Recommended,498240,24699858,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,BATMAN BEYOND,"i still stand by the fact it's cool storythat you can play as BRUCE WAYNE / BATMAN, plus telltale told another great story with batman this time but, i found that your resolution on your windows needs to match the  game in  settings or it automatically sets the game at 1280 by 720p.the gme now runs fine for me."
,Recommended,498240,24708123,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,SAY10,"They fixed the issues in less than a day!The story is amazing and the gameplay,its rather better than other telltale games!"
76561198260061303,Recommended,498240,24708275,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,NOBE'420,best batman game
,Recommended,498240,24708351,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,GodSpeed Naruto,Telltale has really stepped up with this amazing game
,Recommended,498240,24715552,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Two-Bears-High-Fiving,"Pretty good so far, The on bug I have noticed is not even in the game, but more of the game not showing up on your steam profile as you recently played it and not showing up in your owned games, I have had a couple frame drops but it doesn't bother me."
,Recommended,498240,24717395,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,MitsurugiR,"So far so amazing!The story is much more interesting and engaging, the episodes are much longer in comparison with other Telltale games, which is always a plus. The action scenes are unique that look or seem nothing like in the other games, the investigation bits aren't a total bore and the game encourages you to replay, unlike their other games.Good to see Telltale waking up and realising what was wrong with their games."
76561198203057435,Recommended,498240,24720302,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,JeremyBeezy,"Had issues with this game for a while, so I sat on it. Once all the episodes came out and they fixed all of the bugs I jumped back in and loved it. Great game, striking a perfect balance between Bruce Wayne and batman. Great story that i cant wait to continue."
76561198105160300,Recommended,498240,24743957,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,minicherry,"Brillant game! definatly recomended (even at full price with only 1 episode it would be worth it)Worked great for me but i do have a fairly good gaming pcfantastic mechanics:-proper investigating of a crime scene which is done realy well through linking events- planning of attacks so that you have to fluidly link together a series of beatings for different thugs (kind of like a create your own cutscene/ quicktime simulator) is cooler than it sounds and i may have litterally shreked with joy when i realised what it was letting me do- new 'bar building' with the quick time eventsStory:- very interesting and tence- charactors are very well developed- differs from the dc universe (eg penguin and bruce childhood friends)- although it feels like a 'damned if you do, damned if you dont' situation, your decisions feel as though they have weight. so although they story/outcome doesnt change with choice - the perception of batman and question of morality does. However ive only played through it once so im not saying this with fact but more how the overall decisions & outcomes felt.DISCLOSER: amoungst my favourate things are batman and telltale games; so im most likely bias."
,Recommended,498240,24748289,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,~NagZ~,"Just finished the first episode .. cant wait for the next one XDthe game is really good, i would recommend it to anyone who likes batman, or any telltale gamesplaying as Batman, dealing with the conflicts of the city, solving a crime and even having different choices for breaking into place XDhavent tried crowd play, but its really fun to play the game with friendsim so into the game now"
,Recommended,498240,24750208,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Justin_CupCake,Current Bug Issues aside this game is great! Telltale makes a great product and once they fix the loading issues on PC they will deliver here. I have played some of the game and am blown away by the quality of the game. The story is so rich and full and the voice acting is perfect! I need them to fix the bugs so i can continue playing! Its so good! Play it! Just wait for the bugs to be worked out 8/10Gameplay Example:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKf6pLuWe8s
76561198094504113,Recommended,498240,24674410,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Mustache Emblem,At first I could not get this running but now it is working perfectly.
,Recommended,498240,24675493,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Murphy,*UPDATED*Admitadly i gave this a negative review but after patch seems better and story looks like its going to progress like a good telltale game if intrested spec is on profilenegative review belowGot stuck in the batcaves PC
76561198036128283,Recommended,498240,24675626,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Jones Re-Rebootbane the Rebooted,"Okay, let's be honest here. Loads of people are complaining about this game technically. I had no issues with it. As a result of that, I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT! This is by far my favorite Batman game. It REALLY captures exactly what it is to be both Bruce Wayne and Batman. The storytelling is gripping, the dialogue well written, and the action exceedingly good, expecially for a Telltale game. I just finished the first episode, and tried to pick the most ""Batman"" options I could, even as Bruce Wayne. Without spoiling anything, I will say that it is the best Batman experience there is and may ever be. I love the Arkham games, but in my opinion, this is even better. There's no way on earth Arkham VR will even slightly measure up to this. If you like Batman and have a decent-to-good PC, PICK THIS UP! I cannot reccomend it enough. My ONE complaint is that there's a spoilery character who's so unlike his comics, Arkhamverse, film, animated, and TV counterparts that it's impossible to tell who it is at first. He's a tall, thieving, conniving man with stubble, a long coat, and a thick London accent. Who is it? If you guessed Rip Hunter, you're wrong. You'll have to play it to find out, and you'll be surprised when you find out."
76561198196710502,Recommended,498240,24676519,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Mr Ditkovich,This seems to be buggy for some people but not for me. The game is pretty amazing so far
,Recommended,498240,24677735,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,dannyenty,"REVIEW FOR EPISODE ONE---PRO- Probably the best looking Telltale game around- Mostly pretty great voice acting- Interesting, if seemingly inconsequential, decisions- Great detective mechanic (really hope it grows as the series goes on)- Fascinating plot developments towards the endCON- Some minor technical problems- Combat is too easy- Some pretty bad voice actingOverall: die hard Batman fans will (mostly) enjoy this and I'd recommend starting now. For everyone else, I'd recommend waiting.EPISODE ONE SCORE: 7/10"
,Recommended,498240,24697609,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,haha,"Works like a charmAlso it's an okay story so far, not stellar but okay"
,Recommended,498240,24700269,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,SCYNITE,"Oh My Gosh. I really waiting this game like crazy. Its fun, the graphic, well pretty good I think. But, I start episode 1 and the game crashed 5 times. Please fix it. I already make a gameplay video on YouTube. But I have to make it 2 parts because it always crash on the same spot."
76561197970432113,Recommended,498240,24713284,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,baxteran,"Update having finished all 5 episodes:+ like that telltale tried to bring something different to the bat-canon.- But it didn't all work. Their Bruce Wayne incarnation especially didn't feel credible. Too passive and not resourceful enough. Bad guys weren't sufficiently threatening either.- Distracting glitches, mainly choices that don't seem to carry over between episodes, break any immersion you might have in the story.***Thankfully haven't had any problems with lag or framerate as reported by others, simply had to switch from windowed to fullscreen mode on first play.All the usual bat-story elements are there, with a few neat twists that hopefully will get paid off in future episodes.It will be interesting to see whether relationships between Bruce Wayne/Batman and other characters really are affected by the dialog choices as subsequent episodes unfold.Liked - the story and the characterisation. The art style is also a nice change, but might be an acquired taste for some. Also the opportunity to plan and execute an assault later in the episode.Not so keen on - the largely QTE combat.Roll on the next episode!"
76561198015011847,Recommended,498240,24713930,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,buechstabue,I am Batman!And I hade no issues playing Episode 1.
76561198207466532,Recommended,498240,24715944,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,zimzamzoom,"Still have a issue with the 50,000 black lines but other that great story as always and worth the money.Life comes with stress deal with it people, Thank for the teams working on the patches yesterday and going forward."
,Recommended,498240,24676005,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Boosted,"Great game, I see many people dont agree though. I thought there was a resolution issue until I clicked out of the settings and it fixed itself. I 100% recommend."
76561198002783252,Recommended,498240,24676404,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Crimson Tigre,"So I thought I'll get this game. My computer is pretty powerful and I've never had trouble with any telltale games before. Surely the guys who gave it bad reviews for crashing are operating on Windows 98 and getting cranky about it...Turns out they were right. The game is seriously buggy. I got past the first part easy and was impressed (ish) no frame rate issues or lagging. The I get to Wayne Manor and BAM. Crash after crash.Fix this now you chumps. Why release a buggy game? People are going to be hella mad. Like me. Can you tell. I'm hella mad.But seriously i'd wait till an update which must be soon because otherwise this game will nosedive fast.Learn from CA (Rome) and others - poor quality games get hammered fast so wait to release if they're not finished. You are not Bethesda so you can't get away with bugs!!!!!!(Queue Brahmin walking on the roof of your house.... ''How the frig you get up there?'')EDIT: After spending more time in game I've got to say it appears that my crashes were a one off. I've spent a while now in game with pefect running and nothing wrong. FPS is good enough for me and graphics are solid. It offers something every Telltale game hasn't before (apart from brief periods in tales of borderlands), a sort of duel choice system. One for Bruce Wayne and one for Batman. Fair to say, colour me impressed, despite my earlier critical review. I can see why the game freezes / crashes on peoples systems though as it seems to chew up graphics despite being standard telltale style. Hopefully that's something they sort soon because it's a shame that this game might receive negative reviews for those reasons. Gameplay wise it's pretty impressive and well thought through. I'd say it's worth it, though don't click the codex in the bat terminal before the prompt as theres no way of coming out of the menu...."
,Recommended,498240,24676575,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Broken,"Good game so far. A lot of other people saying it is buggy and doesn't work. I didn't get one crash during my playtime and didn't enccounter any bugs. The FPS wasn't constantly at 60 with a gtx 980 and fx 8320, but it was never not playable. The story is good so far and I noticed a couple plays where your decisions could cause it to branch off. I will definitely be replaying the first episode soon. If you can get it to work it is really good. If you haven't gotten the game yet you may want to wait until later episodes are released and it is fixed for other people. Once those two things happen, it will definitely be a must have for me."
76561198067220949,Recommended,498240,24676708,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Shirej,I'M BATMAN
76561198076174633,Recommended,498240,24677563,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Im_Stupid,"Its a very good batman game with an intresting story with lots of twists. Theres more detective batman over the♥♥♥♥♥kicking batman from the arkham series, but its great. Performance could be better but everything else is perfect. Look past that and many will find it to be one of the better batman games."
,Recommended,498240,24678513,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,RileyRooster3,"Game works fine for me, is very good, would like a bit more Batman though, there is a lot of Bruce Wayne in episode 1, looks to be a decent series"
,Recommended,498240,24696791,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,safwangba,"Positive review just coming throughBatman: Telltale series is a new addition to Telltale Games. I like the game.No problem about the storytelling-point and click type of games. That's the first reason why I love Telltale gamesCharacter was well done. A lot of things happen on episode 1Soundtrack was superb. I can hear the soundtrack all days especially the music at the main menu.Yes, there was frame drops at some moment, but I don't really care about it as long as it playable and not really noticable. Not really picky about 30fps, 60fps( I did respect the people that complaining about the framerate or why this game don't run on 60fps and so on)The story is well done, I like the twist and the end of episode 1Overall, it's a good first episode. Can't wait to play moreIt's up to you, if you can't handle the framerate drops (not noticeable by me), you can ask for refund. No one force you to buy this game"
76561198066080455,Recommended,498240,24699698,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,lasurfer247,I found the story able to hold my attention. I did struggle with final combat moves registering on the Xbox one controller. Aside from this I enjoyed the game.
,Recommended,498240,24700876,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,JIFF01,"Telltale has an old tool for creating their games, it is actually not demanding. All the cries of poor performance are from people with no fine tuned PCs, most of us had it working just fine on day one.That said, these ""games"" are not very interactive, but that is also known beforehand."
76561198006865265,Recommended,498240,24716114,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,VipeR,Everyone got their own image about the Dark Knight and in Batman - The Telltale Series you get to pick the choices and try to complete that image. Smooth gameplay with a  gripping story and action that will make you hate that the next episode isn't out yet.
,Recommended,498240,24746210,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Tenjen,"The issues faced by some individuals is a temporary matter that will be fixed soon. The game itself is everything you can expect of a Telltale game, good and bad.Being a batman game, expect more action sequences where you need to react quickly. Now we have Shift combination keys to worry about btw but those give you a little more time to react.the detective crime scene sequence is somehow better than all of the arkham games crime scene detective mode scenario's put together.Now to face the old situation every Telltale fan faces with each new release, suffering as we wait for each new episode."
,Recommended,498240,24674255,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,At Sam's,"Now that the game has been patched, I can recommend it. Game runs smooth for me now, no more lagging.As for the game itself, first episode is obviously slow, but that's the case with any Telltale Game. I like the new mechanics they have introduced into the game. So far I am enjoying it and am looking forward to episode 2."
76561198033176098,Recommended,498240,24675889,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Cpt.Obvious,"the game is running 100% with no LAG But im having sound issues, I cant hear the background sounds or music just the talking,After reinstalling the game its working fine and they made quick fix of the damage, Damages that should not have excisted in the first place, But after completeing episode 1 I have to say this was pretty amazing and can stand up to be the second best Telltale game. The story is well written and the new plan atacks was pretty amazing with new type of Quick events is a welcome addition :)"
,Recommended,498240,24676022,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,R1ceCorN,"This story is one of the most interesting batman stories ever. Could not play this game on 4K, because my mouse got stuck, worked perfectly in 1080p. Others find this game laggy, I don't. #GTX980Ti"
76561198070437140,Recommended,498240,24676611,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tastic,"I personally enjoyed the first episode even if the frames did lag every now and then but I can excuse that for a decent story. However, I hope the devs do fix the optimisation issues and some of the bugs people have experianced (even if I wasn't effected)"
,Recommended,498240,24709671,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Chea🅱 Chea🅱,"I haven't had any performance issues. People who critisize this game for being ""more like an interactive movie than a game"" were expecting the wrong game. If you have played any other telltale game, you would know that this is the style."
76561198010039833,Recommended,498240,24713623,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Klesk,"This is shaping up to be Telltale's greatest tale. Superb voice acting, hard choices. Feels great to play Bruce Wayne for once."
76561197985045708,Recommended,498240,24717708,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Knives,"I am a fan of Telltale games and have been so for years. Mostly I have had little or no problems with running them. In a way that was mostly true of this. The game only lagged up a few times, so I was spared that inconvenience that others have had and mostly could go through the game. However towards the end, it ended up crashing and then making me restart the game apparently losing my progress, which is really frustrating, there is still no option to skip dialogue and I'll have to replay through all that again. I think I still recommend this title but only in the hopes that these issues will continue to be fixed and that for the vast majority of players they won't encounter the difficulties I have had, or the ones others have had. On a positive note, I thoroughly enjoyed the writing, the combat is the same old quicktime prompts that it would be far too late to complain about, it's telltale, interactive storytelling for all the positives and all the limitations. Apart from playability I don't feel like I've got less from this game than other games.Edit: They were quick to patch it and now it runs just fine, I don't get the smoothest animation, not sure if that is the game or because I haven't switched the settings to performance, pretty sure my hardware should be up to scratch and is in the recommended so... Only real remaining issue though is that cloudstream is not working, which is new. Anyway, hope episode 2 is released without the issues I faced. Having now been able to play it through to completion, I do not know if the story is gripping me as much as other titles, and trying to reconcile it with the image I have of the DC universe as a DC fan is a bit trialling but overall I am liking the quality of the story and look forward to the next installment."
76561198041417931,Recommended,498240,24740508,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Aptermus,"Am running an i5 with GTX 960, have experienced no problems at all with the game,"
76561198322139325,Recommended,498240,24743795,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Comicaloutlaw,"I purchased this game beacuse I'm a big fan of the telltale series and I honeslty love The batman series. I'm running the game on my lenovo flex 4 with AMD Radeon graphics card and Intel core i7. the game operates but it's very VERY laggy and has all these black lines connected to each character when I play. Please fix, I hope this is just a issue that can be resolved other than that the game looks amazing!"
76561198023988601,Recommended,498240,24676048,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,LifeIsWar216,The game runs fine for me on Windows 10 64 bit. It does default to 1024x768 resolution though so be sure to change that to your native resolution in graphics settings if you're having performance issues. I'm really liking the game so far!
,Recommended,498240,24676542,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ghostface Killah,"Beat the first episode and The game performed at 60 fps the entire time. There was no lagging or any glitches that occured. The Story was decent and the choices were cool. I hope they add more villians to this such as The Joker, Scarecrow, and The Riddler. I rate it a 7/10"
,Recommended,498240,24676656,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Decap,"Review for episode 1.Worked fine for me, finished episode 1. As a batman fanboy i liked the episode. The new voice actor for batman wasn't bad so that was a suprise for me. Took 2 hours to finish which can be seen as short but hopefully the next episodes will be bit longer. Used crowd play which is a new feature to let other people vote aswell on the dialogue options. But only works well if you got your friends in same room. If you use twitch or steam streaming it wont work very well because of the delay steam and twitch has. Would ask the devs to implant a stream option where the dialogue options dont got a timer or a longer timer.Anyhow overall the experience was good and i didnt have any issues with the game or fps. But i noticed one bugg when i was at the batcomputer  they forgot to add a ""back"" button which kinda was bad  as you had no idea how to get out of it apart from that it was a good experience like i already said."
,Recommended,498240,24676694,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Turbou,"Pretty good work from Telltale Games. Great story with good villains. Voice acting and quick time events are brilliant. You can play as both Bruce Wayne and Batman, which is awesome. So to sum up, it is really really good Batman game worth playing.""It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me."" -Batman."
76561198131227808,Recommended,498240,24676941,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Chrisell918,"8/2/16Game is unplayable in current state, game cannot be played in full screen or 1080 resolution. along with this, cursor does not move more than half way down the screen without freezing. I havent even been able to start a game due to the bugs that i encountered during startup. hope this changes soon so i can update my review.EDITAfter getting the game to work I can say that this telltale is one of the best they have done yet. The story line is original and creates a different rendition of batman that doesn't leave quite leave the identiy of batman in the comics but creates its own. There are clear influences from comics, movies as well as the Arkham series. great game overall10/10 if you love batman and telltale games"
76561198096225980,Recommended,498240,24678480,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Phyziks082,"Listen, this game definitely has some FPS issues, but that does NOT take away from the content itself. So far I LOVE this game! I'm about halfway into this first episode and, forcefully I must say, logged out to save the other half for tomorrow because it's something fun to look forward to.The atmosphere is there, the story seems genuine and original so far, and you get to play as both Bruce Wayne AND Batman - a new take on batman games.9/10 so far. Only took one point off for FPS issues that should have been fixed before launch."
76561198024740010,Recommended,498240,24709792,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Templish™,"REALLY LOVED THE STORY!Had a super time playing through this unique story brought to life via TellTale who, yet again, have made an awesome franchise into something FUN, MEMORABLE and EPIC!!!CANT WAIT FOR EPISODE 2!!!"
,Recommended,498240,24722104,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,NoWeR,It crashes a little too much right now
,Recommended,498240,24744505,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Mixpuft,"This game is amazing! Good story, awesome action scenes and i love batman so that just summons it up."
,Recommended,498240,24745987,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Phluxed,"Episode is wonderfully crafted, absolutely beaming playing the whole way through.Pros:Superb Voice ActingSlow but healthy pace of story tellingEnjoyable interaction in the story - especially liked the evidence linkingAtmosphere was perfectBatman.Cons:At times graphics were a little glitchy, with lines freaking out on some of the artNeeded less of the mob and more batman villains - although the story sure offers room for more9.5/10"
,Recommended,498240,24748932,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Kresh,Finally a good telltale game. Haven't had any FPS / startup issues. (GTX 780)
76561198039679344,Recommended,498240,24766032,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,TheUniquePro,nice :)
76561198137627124,Recommended,498240,24678284,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Swagged Out Snorlax,This is a great game and an even greater batman game! If you want to enjoy an original Batman story worth your time you HAVE to play this! Many changes to the Batman story but it keeps it fresh. Must play. 10/10.
,Recommended,498240,24680203,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,DrCambi,"Wow. I LOVE Telltale Games. I have played them all. LOVE ITIts definitely a telltale game!This has all the goodness of telltale and the action from the other batman games which were also great!It feels like the same Gotham City from the other games but it's telltale's Batman with a diferent story. I loved Episode one and I am confident the rest will be equally as awesome.I hear others are having issues with the game but i was fortunate enough to get the full experience with my windows 10, AMD Fx, and aMD Radeon R9 380 setup.Read the game discription if you are having trouble:****If you are experiencing performance issues, you may need to update the graphics card drivers to the latest available. If you are using a laptop, please use your dedicated graphics and not intel integrated graphics.*****"
76561197983606757,Recommended,498240,24680298,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,AchillesCubel,"Stories Great. To be expected from telltale. i did experience the ""boxed mouse"" upon loading in and it did stay that way no matter my resolution selection., However this was remedied by using a controller would definitely say a controller is a must if your wanting to play the game now. However (I realize there are a lot of howevers) theres a mechanic called a finisher in which when its ready your supposed to hit the right trigger and A button. yea doesn't work just get to watch batman die over and over or fail. Got around that by just for those few instances reaching foward and hitting the keys on my keyboard and then going right back to my controller (that would be ""A"" and ""D"")Alot of people are commenting on a low/laggy framerate mine held strong capped out at 60fps.My Build is,6700  8m skylake 4.0 processorgtx 1080 video card.There was one aspect story wise that threw me for a loop that happens litterally the first five seconds of i believe chapter five if you decide to play ""nice"" batman instead of ""brutal"" batman at the end of the previous chapter. but it wasn't a story killer or anything just like a ""what! I didn't though!"" that was my only annoyance so far as the story telling went.All in all I would highly reccommend it now if your confident you can run it stabile, and don't mind using a controller and only a few times through the episode needing to hit two buttons on your keyboard.If that kinda stuff is a deal breaker for you id say wait for a few patches, and allow the kinks to get smoothed over, but DONT forget about it, especially if your a fan of batman, telltale or both. It was damn good."
76561198091630902,Recommended,498240,24746779,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,immature gizzmoe,"One of the best Batman stories I have played. Beautiful cartoon style graphics is like watching a graphic novel come to life. Smooth 60FPS gameplay, solid pc port. Highly recomended."
76561198059614369,Recommended,498240,24676493,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,VenomHD,"Telltale have done a pretty good job here, it certainly delivers on the experience of making you feel like Batman. The story takes inspiration from a few popular comics and brings them together with a few twists. Good voice acting, combat and graphics are more refined and the music I have to say is really well done - it fits perfectly and creates a rich atmosphere.This game isn't Telltale's best with the villain being done in service of a twist over actually being that interesting and some of the choices don't feel like they have the emotional impact they should have. I would argue it's still pretty good, worth playing for a Batman fan (provided it works). Unfortunately there are some performance issues and I had a bit of stuttering in one of the episodes.*The first episode is free so you might as well try it out."
76561197972056543,Recommended,498240,24677633,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Mittens for Kittens,"I have never written a review on Steam before. Until this. Let me first confirm that the game ran perfectly on my computer. I understand different hardware configurations may have been problematic, but on my Nvidia GTX 670, it was smooth as butter. Make sure you update drivers before playing the game. Now to the review.This was the strongest first episode of a Telltale game I have played since Walking Dead season one.  The hard emphasis on the Bruce Wayne persona was compelling and necessary for the development of this character.  While the impact of my decisions remains to be seen, I felt that I truly had some difficult priorities to define.  It is up to the player to determine the level of brutality and vigilantism that Batman displays, and I felt it had a definite impact on the narrative.  The reinterpretation of many popular characters, such as Oswalt ""Oz"" Cobblepot, made them much more intriguing in this iteration of the Batman universe.While the animations sometimes display the typical Telltale ""uncanny valley"" effect, I found them to be a definitive improvement over previous Telltale games.  This is especially evident in interactions with Selina Kyle (i.e. Catwoman). The sly looks that she gives to Bruce Wayne are significantly characterizing. Additionally, I found the voice acting to be completely on point and convincing.The story, art design, and characterization are top notch in this game. Not to mention the very much appropriate modifications to quick time events and the new addition of gathering evidence at crime scenes.  Bottom line - this is a fantastic introduction to a new and immediately intriguing series.  If you are having hardware issues, sorry to hear it, but once those are resolved, I think you'll agree."
,Recommended,498240,24678450,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,XxshadowXx,Episode 1 was interesting and enjoyable. Had no problems during gameplay.
76561198023720768,Recommended,498240,24682896,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Fujitsu405,Good now that the game has been updated.
76561198064061706,Recommended,498240,24697982,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Senecka,"So, first day this came out, I couldn't play it. At all. It lagged so hard and people spoke a good 5 seconds before it showed them speaking. I could hardly get past the first 5 minutes.But, after updating my graphics card and switching it to the dedicated graphics, things started working much better. There were still some pauses between cutscenes, but it was fine, I could handle it.As for the game itself, Episode one was awesome. Without giving away anything, it showed the man behind the Batman, something most media nowadays neglects to do. But that doesn't mean you don't get to beat up mobsters, there's plenty of that. Im just glad this game is focusing on developing the story of a person rather than a symbol.I can't wait to see how the rest of the episodes unfold!"
76561197983241416,Recommended,498240,24700813,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Goodtime Goodboy,"First episode was fantastic. My favorite opening to a Telltale game since Tales from the Borderlands, by far! Their art style really soars in this setting and the action QTEs are the most interesting they've ever been. Serves as a really rich early-career Batman story as well, and I grinned at some of the dialogue options I got. Really charming stuff and does a good job of making you feel like Bruce.Technical issues some players are having, but thankfully I was free from them. I can't wait for episode 2!"
,Recommended,498240,24701193,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,halfcastman,this is a great game and i havent had any problems
,Recommended,498240,24701801,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,mdair,My first Telltale game and I loved it. Played for an hour before I realzied my stomach was growling. No perfomance issues during that time.
,Recommended,498240,24701839,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,[bork],"I had some issues with the resolution (I run windows 10), so instead of playing it in windows 8+, I played it in windows 7 mode and it worked perfectly on fullscreen 1920x1080. Never ran into any bugs once I started playing the game. Gorgeous game and the gameplay and story is awesome."
76561198020144349,Recommended,498240,24721827,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sirac,Originally I had planned to space out the first episode because I knew that it could be a while before we get the next one. I couldn't pull myself away from this episode because it was just so darned gripping and I was keen to see where it would take me. I based my decisions on how I thought a young Bruce Wayne/Batman would react/behave... this game is just so immersive! A brilliant release from Tell Tale Games. Bravo!
,Recommended,498240,24743848,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,deathnam,"Telltale does it again! Another compelling story, this time, taking the form of Bruce Wayne and Batman! The subtle choices dictating the direction of the narative have been Telltale's strong point and they don't disappoint. As a longtime Batman fan, this storyis done justice. Highly recommend"
76561198275011975,Recommended,498240,24749529,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Straw Hat Poptarts,Story and voice acting are both awesome episode 1 was a great start
,Recommended,498240,24766401,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,01110111 01100001 01110010,"Honestly, I think this is by far one of the best games that Telltale has made yet. So please give the game a shot before you go off of all the people with hurt feelings because they were expecting another Arkham adventure, and didn't read the actual description.The story is very well written, and the graphics are a better quality than what the previous Telltale titles have been.We'll have to wait on to full game to give a full review, but as of Episode 1, I give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,498240,24675902,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Eagle,Great Fun Game
,Recommended,498240,24676035,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,JokerFett,"Okay well I just finished the first episode and am shocked to see the review score of this game so low.  All I can say is that I experienced no technical issues whatsoever, and no I do not have a ""PC built by Jesus Christ"" as one reviewer put it.  Whatever technical issues people may be experiencing aside, this game is truly phenomenal.  I'm a relative newcomer to Telltale games as I've only previously played The Wolf Among US, but my main excitement for this game came from me being a massive Batman fan.  In that regard, it may be the best yet.  Don't get me wrong, I love the Arkham games to death but they only focused on the more flashy aspects of Batman.  Telltale nails the world of Batman and letting you inhabit it both masked and unmasked.  In one scene you may be engaged in a close fight with Catwoman on a rooftop and the next you're exchanging witty repartee with high society.  What I also really enjoy about this game is that it lets you choose what kind of Batman you want to be.  Are you going to be the hardcore brutal Frank Miller-esque Batman or are you going to be a symbol of hope for Gotham more in line with the Animated Series?I hope that the technical issues that other people are experiencing are resolved soon so that people can then reevaluate the game for the game itself.  As for myself, I'm looking forward to playing through this first episode a couple more times and eagerly awaiting the rest of the series."
,Recommended,498240,24678315,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Melkor,"Had zero bugs, and really liked the first chapter. Great game as usual from TellTale"
,Recommended,498240,24680215,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TwerkGawd,"Sucks that its been so buggy for many players but I only ran into one bug while playing that was fixed by pausing and resuming thankfully. From my experience I loved it. The art as always is great, dialogue and story was a plus for me as well, cant wait to play the rest of the episodes but hopefully its fixed soon for players because it really is great!"
,Recommended,498240,24682001,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Minsc,Absotely great game. Have it up on the big screen with steam link.Perfect game for others to watch.Frankly it plays like a live action comic and that is great!
,Recommended,498240,24682514,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Zesen12,"Seems like I am one of the lucky few, I had no problems what so ever to play ep1. I love the story, and as usual I love telltale games.The lowest fps I got was around 100. Wich is more then playable. It did crash once that made me have to replay about 1/10 of the episode, im fine with that.Not much to say about it, its a telltale game! Be quick on your fingers to select the right choice and hope you dont regret it later.If you can only get one telltale game, i would recommend The Walking Dead or Game of Thrones over this one, but it is on the top. I rate it 7.5/10."
,Recommended,498240,24682913,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,[CMF]Ninja,Enjoying the game so far.  Runs fine for me once I stopped trying to launch in windows 8 mode.  Anyone else experiencing performance issues make sure you're running in windows 7 mode.
,Recommended,498240,24683008,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Shadow Hikari,"I'm sorry that some people have problems with this game but the story is great, the gameplay is ttg type of gameplay, great quality."
,Recommended,498240,24683027,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,HeadfirstRYAN,"Major lag and resolution issues. Once this gets fixed, I will issue a proper review. Hope to play this game soon.Edit 1:Though the resolution issue has been corrected, the lag still remains. My laptop is able to run games that are more hardware demanding than this one. The only reason that I can think of, on the surface, of why there is such lag is due to the lack of support with integrated graphics. It's that or a condition is not being met in code that would correct the issue and not cause other issues on the other platforms. Again, this is surface/speculative thoughts. The Telltale team is full of tallented men and women. They know their product and are no doubt correcting the issue further. So lets hang in there.Edit 2:Not sure what the second update corrected, but it must have been small given the time it took to download was only a few seconds. The lag is still very real, the journey is long, and my hunger grows for Batman. Patience is a virtue still."
,Recommended,498240,24698170,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TheBigJoe,"I know a lot of people are having trouble with the game, but I was fortunate enough not to. When this game starts it automatically feels like another tell tale hit and it is! All the characters and stories feel so authentic and true to the comic material. The story is intriguing and beutifully writte. Can't wait for the next few episodes! 10/10 would play after it is fixed for those who are having trouble."
76561198053096568,Recommended,498240,24698740,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,OutPlayBro,"Game runs great really, no problem at all. If you're a fan of Teelltale games and/or batman I think this game is a must have !"
76561198019299768,Recommended,498240,24700127,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Lewis,"The game is great, the only problem is performance, and I belive it is fixableFirst time in the batman game you can play as bruce, and it was greatFYI, It is not an action game"
76561197981601027,Recommended,498240,24702749,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,CrackerJax,"I have only played through once, but I really enjoyed this game.  The story is paced a little slowly, focusing more on the Bruce Wayne story to begin with, but don't mistake that as a complaint.  The slower paced conversations and political movings of Bruce Wayne are just as fun as running around as Batman, maybe even more fun.The game did not start in full screen, which was odd, but was my only negative comment.I was hesitant to buy this based on the initial backlash about the frame rate, crashing and poor textures, but I didn't have an issue.Telltale fans know exactly what they are getting into, curious Batman fans looking for something other than the Arkham series will be surprised at just how much this offers."
76561198125898907,Recommended,498240,24702787,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,anarkii,"Unlike everyone saying the game is buggy or whatever, for myself, the game worked fine straight away.The game never dipped under 60fps and never had any problems with gamepad or anything else.So for me, personally, the game was excellent and everything as I expected.Thank you Telltale."
,Recommended,498240,24708677,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,77cruxy77,Nice addition to the DC product line-up.  Focus on Bruce Wayne is a nice angle.
76561198044249725,Recommended,498240,24674463,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,zdubbz,"As of now, it is very laggy, black lines from characters, and not much to do to help it really. I was excited about this game, but now im just ♥♥♥♥ing mad. Hopefully it's udated and fixed, but if not i want my damn money back haha. I  would definitely wait before buying if you havent already. And if you have, like me, well then i guess we're just♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck for now. If anyone has any fixes, please help?Upon further review, i just needed to go to NVIDIA control panel and set the applications preferred graphics processor to High-Performance NVIDIA Processor. After that, everything ran smoothly and i enjoyed the gameplay. I'm really excited for the next episode now. Hope this review can help."
,Recommended,498240,24676477,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Samael,"Game is great ,runs smoothwith 60fps and no frame drops ,screen tears ,bugs  i don't get what people are talking about. bunch of cry babies. Game is really good with great story/gameplay/quick time. Worth every cent. if you want good game like Walking dead series the this will definietly be good for you."
,Recommended,498240,24677541,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ansem,">End of game>Has to fire rockets from drone>Clicks>Game Crashes>Progress erased>KekOther than that i had no problems, game ran at 1080p at 60fps for the most part. Story is solid, focuses much more on Bruce than Batman which really adds to the game in my opinion, the moments when you are Batman are though.I was however annoyed that i couldn't play with a controller and couldn't skip dialougue i had seen before.Would recommend to anyone that likes Telltale-style games and Batman."
76561198028978768,Recommended,498240,24678149,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Slade,This game may suffer from performance problems but other than that this is one of telltales best products and has a very good and intense story. I would recommend getting this game but only after its performace problems have been resolved.
76561198142432515,Recommended,498240,24679289,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,michaelmcnair,I love telltale games and i love the episodic game style. If you love a good story these telltale games are the way to go.
,Recommended,498240,24680771,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,SillyandStrange,"I'm going to change my review, and turn this into a positive.  The game was quick to come out with a patch and it was mostly my fault for not keeping up to date on my GPU drivers.The game is amazing.  Some very well thought out choices that the player has to make to further the story.  I really enjoyed it and I did it without any hiccups, stalling, or performance issues WHILE streaming.So the game is very well done and is actually very well optimized.  Thank you Telltale!EDIT: To come back after episode 2...  My god...  This story of Batman is my #1 all time favorite!  IT'S SO GOOD!  BUY IT."
,Recommended,498240,24696883,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,FeliXinside,"Running on an i7 with a GTX980.Game worked flawlessly all the way through the first episode.Highly recommend, great start to the series."
,Recommended,498240,24699714,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Elmo Draazil,"I love this game i don't know what people are complaying about, i got few frame drops but almost nothing and i bet it will be fix't soon. Can't wait for the next episode!!!!"
76561198062590350,Recommended,498240,24700721,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,CaptainSauce,"I have windows 7, so I start the game's windows 7 itteration.I update my graphics drivers.I haven't experienced a single issue with the game 2 hours in playing on max settings while recording."
,Recommended,498240,24709043,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Phris Cratt,"After having problems that made the game unplayable for me, this game is incredible. The patch allowed me to play with almost no problems. I missed one or two quicktime events due to minor lag but these had no effect on my outcome. All in all I am very excited to see this game continue."
76561198170089262,Recommended,498240,24713508,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,CaesarSalad259,"This first episode was amazing, and I highly encourage you to get it!"
,Recommended,498240,24718524,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,El Ka-Bong!,"Episode one down, so far very cool stuff. Thus far the story is excellent and can't wait for ep2. A decent amount of player input, not a lot but this isn't an action game so that's expected. The linking of clues to solve mysteries isn't rocket-surgery though it is cool imo. For basically being an interactive story i'm giving it a thumbs up. It looks like a full-motion comicbook and as a fanboy for nearly all my life, that's not a bad thing."
,Recommended,498240,24731938,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Lollygal ♥,"Had some issue starting up this game at the beginning. For some reason it didn't work when I chose Windows 8+ version (I'm using Windows 10). It kept reaching the loading DLC screen and then stuck on a black screen. But once I changed to the Windows 7 version, all's well, gameplay is smooth with no problems just like any other Telltale game. Game looks awesome and I just love taking screenshots of it."
76561198109425062,Recommended,498240,24741153,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,✪ Brødbæk,I am so happy that i bought this game beacuse when i finished the first episode i just want more and i can't wait for the next one.
76561198271605001,Recommended,498240,24764029,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Gunz_dealer24,okay i wrote a first review on this and it was bad but now when i got the game working its actually freakin cool cant wait til episode 2
76561198272894026,Recommended,498240,24676437,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Brohun1302,"the game looks great otherwise,bit i hope they fix the fps soon so i can actually play it :("
76561197970513029,Recommended,498240,24682783,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,sithlordaj,"Ep1 was fun and I can't wait for more. If this changes with other episodes, I will update.Hopefully, there will be additional seasons... There's a lot of potential here.Whereas the Arkham series is a story about the action of being Batman, this is a story more about the choices.Part of that is obvious... Telltale games are very much 'choose your own adventure' style, but there was even some choices in combat that was like 'How far do you take this?'.... kept you thinking.Speaking of combat, I'm sure a potential buyer with no telltale experience will want to know that it is handled through a series of quicktime events. Failing to press every single button does not spell disaster. Some presses are critical, others are more 'shorten the fight'. Some interesting fight sequences + cinematic camera shots kept it interesting.I played Telltale's 'A Wolf Among us' and 'Back to the Future', and they each let you save the game multiple times... this let you go through and try different things and see different outcomes. This game does not have that. You have 1 save. You can overwrite it from episode to episode. I suppose this does encourage the idea that your choices matter, but this was the one thing I found annoying since I plan to go down the different paths.A new thing; or at least something I was not aware of, is something called 'crowd play'. I haven't tried it, so take this with a grain of salt, but it seems like there's an app that your friends can download to vote on choices in-game.... kind of a 'twitch plays pokemon', telltale style. Seems interesting, I just need to find some people who'd be interested."
,Recommended,498240,24682840,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,CrippleGod,"To those having running issues, just put it in windowed mode.Felt very much like Batman, even gives options to make him a♥♥♥♥♥♥  9/10"
,Recommended,498240,24700221,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Pihrra,Great story as always. No problems on my end.I highly recommend it.
76561198126914242,Recommended,498240,24756868,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,kashyap,"This is the first telltale game I have played. Went into it with lower expectations as I was unsure how telltale would nail the amazing hand-hand combat of batman in arkham games, without which I feared the game may feel shallow.How wrong I was. I got completely hooked from the moment I fired this game up. Morality of choices, the detective gameplay, use of gadgets, plotting out plan of attack, and finally getting the plan execute though proper button presses, telltale has nailed this game, and made proper justice to this iconic superhero. Not to mention the Bruce Wayne parts have been very nicely presented as well, which none of the arkham games spent any time in.10/10.Cant wait for the next episode."
76561198256685224,Recommended,498240,24675305,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TheWickedSoul,"EDIT: There is a way to fix the FPS, but I find moronic that you have to mess around with control panels to get it work. Wait for official fixThe story is great and I enjoy seeing characters mind, if you can get past the lag i.e fix it. I recomendEdit 2: Wow, I mean ♥♥♥♥ing wow...The second episode had me peeing myself with joy...and terror at the end:.. ;)"
,Recommended,498240,24677205,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Azure Steel,"I hate that a large portion of the steam community are experiencing significant problems with this title. This truly is one of Telltale's finer adventures and an excellent portrayal of an established character. Telltale do what no other Batman game has done before and paid equal attention to both the characters of Bruce Wayne as well as Batman. The story, atmosphere, and music are a beautiful blend between the more recent Arkham titles and the classic Batman themes we are all familiar with. I'm ecstaticlly looking forward to the future chapters in spite of the glaring negatives and I hope those who posted negative reviews will give the game a chance once it's properly patched. Until then, they're missing out on a solid Telltale adventure that will please fans of Batman as well as fans of Telltale's other titles."
,Recommended,498240,24677338,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Holly King,"Best Batman game in years and better story than the last couple of movies.  I really enjoyed it and crowdplay worked out okay with Steam broadcasting, although the delay is still a bit much for people.  There was a little slowdown at the beginning as scenes transitioned between environments in a bunch of quick cuts, but besides that I didn't notice much of a performance drop off.  Great takes on classic Batman characters, especially Catwoman, and I can't wait for more."
76561198034427441,Recommended,498240,24677756,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tactiic,"Firstly, to all the idiots who are complaining about this game being ""so buggy it's unplayable"" - no, you are just incapable of troubleshooting.This game is a bit buggy, but only if you do not have the exact version of windows 7 that this game requires. For instance, when I first tried to run the game, I couldn't. I got and DirectX error message reading: ""The parameter is incorrect.""Now, seeing that I am not an idiot, and I can troubleshoot, I found a solution. I did not have the newest windows update, the one needed to run this game. So I downloaded it and installed it. Ta-Da. Bug free and it runs perfect.I have a guide on how to fix this issue here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/498240/discussions/0/360671247404952519/On to the review:This game is great. I was worried going into it that the choices for Batman would be too limited or try to make him the good guy no matter what. However, the game brilliantly utilizes the dark side of Batman. The interactions between Catwoman and Batman were both nostalgic and new at the same time. Overall, Episode 1 is a solid set up for what's to come."
,Recommended,498240,24677889,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,lollermittens,"I didn't experience any of the technical issues others are experiencing but when you first get into the Batcave, if you click on the Codex, there's no way to get out of it unless you restart the game. You actually have to pick something up, use it, then sit down in the chair to ""un-bug"" the Codex. That was the crappiest part of the game.The narrative is refreshing from Nolan's destruction of Batman. Although a lot of the modernity and gadgetry is borrowed from the movies and games, this is much closer to the comics.I also like that you have the option to be more of a ""Neutral Evil"" character where you can actually break/ hurt people real bad instead of the typical one-two punch that Batman delivers to subdue all of his enemies.So far, I still say The Wolf Amongst Us is the best TTG, but we'll see the next episodes."
,Recommended,498240,24677984,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,edwardwdiego,Fullscreen at 1080p is extremely laggy. The game itself is good but you should wait for an update.EDIT: an update has been relesed and now works fine.
,Recommended,498240,24678383,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,alertacobra12,"Disclamer: I just finished playing the first episode and I didn't found any bugs yet, I'm running a i5 3470 and a single GTX 970 and played the game at 720p (my 1080p monitor broke down yeaterday and still didn't replace it so there is no reason to begamming at 1080 with a 720p monitor if I get a new 1080p monitor soon I will edit this part of my review) at 60fps(I think they have a fps block at 60 but for me it's not a big deal).Side Notes:THIS IS NOT THE ARKHAM GAMES, if you want a ""punch him until knockout"" Batman game mybe this isn't the game for you. This games explores a more psicological side of Batman, you have to make decisions as boath Bruce Wayne and Batman that will affect the story.This game focuses more on the ""The World's Greatast Detective"" side of Batman, a component that doesn't appears in other Batman related media (movies, comics), and I think it's very well executedIf you want this game, I would recomend that you wait until it has all episodes avalableConclusion:It's a good Batman game, I would never give it a 10/10 because I think there is still room for improvement, so if I had to give it a score I would give it 8/10 or a 8.5/10PS: Sorry if it has some gramma errors, butas I'm not english speaking native please give me some room for error"
76561198139621108,Recommended,498240,24678915,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TyBrent,Really enjoyed the story although i found episode one to be fairly short. Game is fairly laggy but playable for me. I suggest not buying it until the game is fixed
,Recommended,498240,24680245,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Hawkeye,I played through it and didn't have the technical issues others have reported. I think this maybe due to playing on a SSD I have noticed TellTale games have always had frame rate issues when played on a standard hard disk drive.The Good: Decent story that shakes up the Batman formula when have we ever got play as Bruce Wayne?The Bad: The story is little slow to start with a lot of setup to get through before it gets truly cooking.The Ugly: The quick time event combat is very stale at this point we are a long way from 2006.
76561197970458197,Recommended,498240,24680435,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Lobo,"Once the patch hit, the game was much more playable and turned out to be great/. Can't wait for episode 2!!"
,Recommended,498240,24700366,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,BOOL-Aid Man,"Ignoring the rough launch that was fixed fairly quickly. This was another very enjoyable episode from Telltale.The story is engaging and sets up for several future conflicts through the series. Gameplay was what you would expect from a Telltale game, the detective mode was a fun addition, since this is the world's greatest detective we are playing as. Overall a very enjoyable experience, was a very good length, did not feel dragged on. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,498240,24700765,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,megasupersam,"Most of the negative reviews are from the release day bugs. However, they have been hotfixed and now the game runs great. Writing this comment to boost the positive reviews because this is a great game that just had a bad start."
76561198027824219,Recommended,498240,24714141,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,DON WILSON,This is by far Telltale's most visually and auditorialy impressive game to date. It fits right at home in the Arkham series or perhaps a more brutal take on the animated series. Overall and barring a few minor performance hiccups on my end(slight stutters on scene transistions) It's more than worth the price thus far
,Recommended,498240,24715984,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,dev,"Really enjoyed playing as Bruce Wayne/Batman. Playing as both personas and both of their decisions actually having an impact already makes this game better than more recent Tell Tale Games. I also enjoy the fact that the mythos in this game is shaken up a bit, in that some villians arent a classic Batman rouge yet and have different backstories. It helps make the game feel new, because as a huge batman fan im expecting certain characters to do certain things but they dont and suprise me. The action was done really well as well, and in no way do i feel like the Batman isnt being, the Batman.Also the game breaking bug it had on launch was already fixed so the game runs good now and i didnt run into it.TL:DR Good Batman game, and an even better TTG than the last few."
76561198127102710,Recommended,498240,24717124,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,SlyFox,"I don't often write reviews for games, however I felt it necessary for this particular tale! Thus far I've completed the first episode and absolutely can't get enough of this game!! It definitely has that lovable telltale feel, the asthetics are beautiful and all of the dialogue and options seem very much on point ;)Suffice it to say if you're even reading this comment, just stop that and buy this game instead, I can't imagine you'd regret it!"
76561198077738649,Recommended,498240,24718359,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,SocietyWill,"I was surprised wit this game when i read the first reviews everyone was saying it was a broken mess and i was hesetent to pick the game up since the last time i brought a batman game for PC I was left disapointed. So i bit the bullet and brought it only to find it ran quite smoothly granted it dropped FPS A few times but only down to around 45-30 FPS. But after the hospital scene the game decided the run very well and i had no problems with it. The story had me on the edge of my seat, I am happy telltale have there own chance to produce there own Batman Story because they are such good story tellers and ahve never produced a bad game. I cannot wait to see what the future episodes have instore.Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,498240,30335254,Posted: 5 March,all,Diamond,One of the better telltale games ive played in a while.
,Recommended,498240,28857252,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,22CNT,This is my first Telltale Series game and I am greatly enjoying it.Pros-Looks Real Nice-Engaging StoryCons-Other then Episode 1 it feels a bit short
,Not Recommended,498240,24733804,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ObsceneBoy,"Awful fps/lag, no matter what you do the settings. So let down. Honestly, don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,498240,33036146,Posted: 30 June,all,stefiman,Loved every minute of the story but the technical issues were a let down. My GTX1060 couldn't handle this game 100% smoothly..
,Not Recommended,498240,26563150,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GiGinge,"♥♥♥♥ you Telltalke, deleting my save file midway through episode 3, I oinly started the game  aweek ago I do not want to replay the entire game to this point just to get back to where i was, the whole point of games like this is first time through you make the choices and see how it goes, second time you play around, I do not want to have to redo evrry single choice just to continue the story as it was. How can you allow emtpy cloud saves to overwirte existing save files, which is the only explaiation i can come up with for deletion of all progress. I love Telltale games but this has SERIOUSLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and i wont be coming back to this or maybe any other telltale game again"
76561198235990592,Recommended,498240,26767022,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LateTuho,one of the best telltale game i've ever played
,Recommended,498240,26796589,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fart,"If you like Telltale or Batman, you'll like this.Story is good as every other Telltale game is and the fact that it's Batman makes it more awesome but for a comicbook nerd I found hard to play this just like I have hard time watching Nolans take on Batman. I like when games/movies are loyal to the comics and has moments from the comics but I hate when they change everything and especially characters so much that the only thing is from the comics are the names.I love that you can choose to be Batman or Bruce but there's only couple moments where you can do that.So if you're comicbook nerd who knows too much of Batman and get triggered when things are not like in the comics *öhöm Penguin* consider twice. It's a great game with a great story but those character changes, maan.Would love to see a Telltale game of The Flash/Superman and not always Batman although I love Batman and it's universe"
76561198093558760,Recommended,498240,26743641,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,HoTsHoT1998,Just finished episode 1; the dram is real!
,Recommended,498240,33345099,Posted: 7 July,all,Rustiq - NicolasDSTR,"Wow, this game is just AWESOME :D8 hours and i finished it!One of the best games i played from Telltale and from the BATMAN Franchise!They got Bruce Wayne and Batman so good :DYou get to play as Bruce Wayne and Batman, but more with Bruce!~Recommended"
76561198025258689,Recommended,498240,24829886,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,antoniusberg,"This game is pretty good if you are into politics, intrigues, conspiracies and role playing. Like Fallout games I really would like to see how my choices affect the environment and other people in the game. The quicktime events are the least fun of the game, but that doesn't bother me at all. For its price, this game is perfect. Really enjoying it till so far! My favorite superhero happens to be Batman, but even if this story would be about some new unknown person I still would have bought and liked the game. Awesome!"
76561198092481424,Not Recommended,498240,28994457,Posted: 3 January,all,Benderman,Ending was unsatisfying and the game is stuttery.
,Not Recommended,498240,30093448,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,Fun.
76561198202589669,Recommended,498240,28437274,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,I Eat Alot Of Ass,Batman eats♥♥♥♥♥and so should you
,Recommended,498240,29265930,Posted: 14 January,all,✪Dat Boi,"Great Game.... Not for 25 USD....Let me explain:Pros:Interesting StorylineFun Combat SituationsIconic BatmanDecent Playtime PotentialTelltale Graphics work well with the Gotham AtmosphereCons:Alterations to the Iconic Batman BackstoryPretty Short for 25 USDThe usual one ""real"" gamemode for telltale gamesAllthough I loved the story, the few alterations from the iconic storyline took away the batman hype. Also, for 25 USD the gameplay is quite short. However, if your like me and got the game for 15 USD during a steam sale, it is definently worth it. Although this review seems negative I did enjoy the game as a whole and want more episodes."
,Recommended,498240,30051480,Posted: 19 February,all,BazBake,"Solid take on the batman mythos, with a really clever combat system of limited effect but pretty cool results in action. Found myself surprised at how thoughtful the game's treatment of psychological trauma is and how it is one of the better portrayals of it in the lore. Suffers a bit, unfortunately, from Harvey Dent's storyline being kind of one-note and inevitable, although I appreciate the many twists and turns your relationships with side characters undergo."
76561198178898595,Recommended,498240,30067863,Posted: 20 February,all,Fizzythedog,1'm on the 4th episode and i can say it's great. For batman fans it's simply fun.
76561198073576590,Recommended,498240,30050896,Posted: 19 February,all,Lan-Party,"The highest praise I can give to a piece of serialized storytelling is that I coudn't put it down. I sat down today to play Episode 2 and ended up forsaking my responsibilities to play all the way through to the end. I am not a ""binger,"" but this is worthy. Best Batman story in ages."
76561198129531155,Recommended,498240,30052027,Posted: 19 February,all,Xsuperstar,"WB still needs a script for the Batman movie? here is one they can take a look at. More telltale, give me more!!"
,Not Recommended,498240,27114427,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bane,batman gets his♥♥♥♥♥kicked by everyone
,Recommended,498240,29486146,Posted: 25 January,all,TUSHAR451,"Though it has occasional glitches, this Telltale story of Batman is a must play"
76561198256138680,Recommended,498240,29975507,Posted: 16 February,all,stimpy2005,This game shows you what it feels like to be batman to show you his everynight choces
,Recommended,498240,26936460,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Moist Porpoise,"Very interesting story, and is running quite smoothly on my computer as of now."
,Not Recommended,498240,29962269,Posted: 16 February,all,fleshy jpg,Good ideas and fun. However it runs like garbage and can misremember your earlier choices.
,Recommended,498240,29974476,Posted: 16 February,all,John Woke,it's alrightget it in a saleprobably the worst telltale game i've played yet
,Recommended,498240,29488500,Posted: 25 January,all,Charby,"The game has a lot of bug and is broken but the story is great.If you don't care about bug and you're a huge Batman fan, buy it. If you can't stand bugs, stay away from it.I'll recommend this game only for hardcore fan.Oh, one more thing, they changed a lot of Batman's lore, so you have to don't care about ""story reset"" too."
,Recommended,498240,29843115,Posted: 11 February,all,Ranswick,Great game with some really nice mechanics! The story is something complete different. You don't play along the batman movies/books/comics. I still enjoyed it a great deal.BUT it still has technical problems. Often not running smoothly and lips not in sync.
,Not Recommended,498240,29016451,Posted: 4 January,all,Mr.Suicidedoor,"Ah Telltaleit becomes a difficult relationship between usi could love for your well written stories with good dialoges and shoking conclusionsin this case you even create a whole new batman universewhich is crazy in times of the new-dc-movies-erabut i could also hate yourfor your lack of technical improvement- same grapics since walking dead season 1-the game looks pretty poor in medium settings and my pc is too bad for high settings-sometimes grapical fackup (missing eyes , mouth mot moving)but the worst partare the german subtitlesthis is the first time i play a telltale game with german subtitlesbut subtiles are not very useful when they tell different things what the persons acctually saidexample:Afred: "" Thank god nothing happend""Subtitles :"" thank god nothing happend. it may have become worse""after allif you a Telltale-fan you*ll probally love it anywaybut i wont recomended for ""other"" casualsim concerned that if telltale doesnt start to improve thier graphicsthey are going on a company level like EA or Ubisoft"
76561198194932742,Not Recommended,498240,25577787,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,La_BruceSki,The game is nice but it has some bugs update the game
,Recommended,498240,25091025,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Hyper X Valkyrie,"The best Teltale series ever, great story, characters and overall worth the experience"
,Not Recommended,498240,25474027,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,SnugWuls,"I bought and returned this game for the second time today (the first time was on the launch day about a month ago). My Xbox One controller finally works, but I can NEVER get past this one QT sequence where I'm supposed to hit A+RT. I tried different combination of buttons too but I die every time. This is simply unacceptable.The graphics is poorly optimized too. The game constantly stutters between every camera angle switch on my Radeon R9 290X graphics card. I may give this game another try in a few months but right now it's just not worth it to sit through all the glitches."
76561198054596736,Not Recommended,498240,24696752,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Tacsear,This is a perfect example of what -15 FPS looks like
,Recommended,498240,31817086,Posted: 17 May,all,IceJudge,Best Batman since The Dark Knight.
76561198271716268,Recommended,498240,31759149,Posted: 14 May,all,Viletta,"I've always been a bif fan of the Batman games, and I think this game is very fun and I recommend that you buy it becuase I think that you would enjoy the story and it has random twists and it throws your head around in a way. But in all I recommend this game.  :)"
76561198014240841,Recommended,498240,31909458,Posted: 22 May,all,Kaimber,I enjoyed the game overall even though I am apparently a terrible bruce wayne
76561198047868578,Recommended,498240,31939543,Posted: 24 May,all,jcbvickers,"It's a Telltale game, you know what that means.  It had some serious performance issues on release but after they got fixed the game was pretty good.  It is not your standard Batman story, there are plenty of twists and turns.  Worth the buy."
,Recommended,498240,30400757,Posted: 8 March,all,Haxorzist,"Simply the best adaptation of Batman’s story and the story of the other characters heroes, villains and bystanders alike YET.... and there will be a second game ... it's not like the game has no ending ... no the ending was quite satisfying but ... common it's obvious and he didn't get any action yet. You can't make a Batman story and don't even let him do stuff!"
76561198155859158,Recommended,498240,30397364,Posted: 8 March,all,JU2T1C3 F0R A11,Great story
76561197986416959,Recommended,498240,32708074,Posted: 23 June,all,MrH,"I just finished it and overall I enjoyed it, episodes 2 and 5 especially. As always with Telltale games there were technical issues, I crashed twice, multiple scenes had frame rate drops for no apparent reason and there was quite a lot of asset load hitching, all of these issues probably lowered the games score a notch for me. I would suggest disabling Telltale's cloud saving as it exacerbates the hitching.Visually there's a noticeable bump from the older games due to Batman using Telltale's updated engine (not new, but improved). The QTE fight scenes flowed well and were enjoyable, kicking butt as Batman was satisfying. The voice work was top notch as always. The bottom line is Batman is a good Telltale game hurt by the usual technical issues that plague all Telltale games, so if you're a long time Telltale fan you'll be used to the short comings, making them easier to swallow."
,Recommended,498240,32730555,Posted: 24 June,all,gabilliamtho,"I've been a fan of the Batman since I was a child and this was such a fun twist on the canon. The characters were well done and the storyline was familiar but still new and interesting in exciting wasy. I found myself pleasantly surprised. While I'm one season away from completing my first playthrough, I'm already looking forward to playing it again to select new choices to see how it effects the story."
76561198042837543,Recommended,498240,32747545,Posted: 24 June,all,Akie,"Loved it! I know the choices didn't effect the general story line, but what a story line! Kept me entertained and let me tell ya - mid last episodeI had to pause only to go give my kid a hug. Damn episode had me by the heart, trying not to cry.Recommend for some chill game play and entertaining story."
,Recommended,498240,32704687,Posted: 23 June,all,cjclivio,PROS:Telltale still managers to tell an exciting story and manages to surprise yet again with their twists and turns. Very different but interesting take on other tellings of Batman that I have seen. The themes central to Batman seemed to stay intact while still maintaining that Telltale feel. Very akin to The Wolf Among us.CONS:I'm assuming with a jump in popularity after The Walking Dead Games it's a struggle with quality vs quantity. I've experienced similar glitches and crashes with their other titles recently. Nothing game breaking but it definitely is noticeable when trying to follow the story. I wouldn't even mention it if I hadn't stumbled accross a couple wholes in the writing that really broke the illusion of choice in this one.. Particularly the dailogue with Alfred after your first interogation with the sniper in an early episode. Hopefully these types of slips don't become more common with future games.
76561198125331335,Recommended,498240,32715099,Posted: 24 June,all,dark crusade,"I love batman in my opinion he is handsdown the best superhero ever.and while gameplay wise the best batman games are the arkham ones. the telltale series is the best story wise, with plenty of plot twists.another reason is that unlike most batman where you play as batman who somtimes bruce. this game your bruce just as much as you batman you have plenty of story and action as both ""personalitys""I only wish there was more gameplay where you directly take control of bruce instead of quicktime events. but hey what can you do this is a teletale game not mass effect"
,Not Recommended,498240,32874143,Posted: 27 June,all,Autismo the Clown,A little too buggy to be honest but story is not that bad
,Recommended,498240,32884527,Posted: 27 June,all,Gwynbleidd,A decent Telltale game. Combat is pretty boring.
76561198080547396,Recommended,498240,25060584,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Victorious,"Enter the fractured psyche of Bruce Wayne and discover the powerful and far-reaching consequences of your choices as the Dark Knight. As all of the previous Telltale games, your choiches have an impact for the rest of the story.For the last few years Rocksteady's Arkham series have dominated the videogame universe and its great to finally see a refreshing story delivered by Telltale, they try to tell the story from a different prespective. The creators of the game a true to the Batman legacy and their chracters. Being a huge Batman fan I really enjoyed the story. The game focus more on Bruce Wayne and the game mechanism is familiar as in walking dead games or wolf among us. A simple point and click adventure with quicktime events. The voice acting is good, Troy Baker, a familiar voice in the DC Universe, and he does a very decent job with this.I played it with my X Box controller so I didnt experience any issue with the controls. Also, the game ran smoothly and high resoultion. I didnt expereince any lagging nor crash on my windows 10 computer.My only and biggest complain is that the game felt very short. Hope only  that Telltale makes the other episodes  bit longer also more action options, as we all know Telltale games are more like a visual novel rather than a pc game although since I am used to Batman games, I felt like many action were missing and too simple."
76561197970503489,Recommended,498240,25063661,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,johnnyc,"Very fun and different spin on traditional Batman origin story. Detective segments are particularly clever and engaging. Still experiencing performance issues, but much better after recent patch. Still does not work well with Steam Link."
,Recommended,498240,25072333,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Pi.mp3,"Solid Work, with most technical issiuesDisclaimer: Now, those of you, who might experience the same performance problems I discribe in the last (but not least) section of my reviev, probably won't like to play the game with this issues, but I'd recommend the game anyways because of the possibility to request a refund if the game is too laggy for you (that's how it's done:https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=6695-QIKM-7966&l=english).There also is a short Pros/Contras Reviev further, if you like it short^^Telltale is really skilled catching some good stories, putting them into the right design, setting etc., so they usually really hit the orginal characters, settings and feels of the franchises, that they make games on, while still having their own style (not only grapicswhise) and that is what they did on Batman - The Telltale Series, only the PC-Port and the gameplay have their issiues.Telltales Batman is all you`d expect from a good Batman comic, just like Batman: Hush, good fight-cenes, a deep story handling corruption and crime and, what`s most important, the noire feeling including great artwork as well as just the right music, and damn, just look at this great logo with that Gotham skyline - pure beauty. The characters look and just feel like you know them from (the most) comics, and are acted just the right way, although the dialouges in the first half aren`t that convincing and feel a bit like they where stuck. The story is plausible (at least in the first part) and it features the possibility, as in other Telltale-Games to influence the story, for example by (spoiler!)letting the police arrest a mafia boss or killing him in public, these decisions will not really influence the story hard, but mostly what certain people will think about you and how they will react to your future actions or response to your future statements/questions.The gameplay is very good and varied, there's a lot of  quick-time-event-styled fights going on, but it can be very confusing that Batman sometimes does actions you haven`t even ""told"" him to do. That's because the fighting is not about to hit  the enemy, it would look kind of silly if Batman would miss a hit, but to fill the finishing move meter, you alsowill play detective, and plan anattack.Now, the biggest negative point I can think of is the performance. I do really have a PC that should be able to handle this game, but it doesn`t. The frames are really low and the animations are slower than the voice-acting, even while playing on low textures. BUT I believe Telltale Games is going to fix these problems soon, because I`m really not the only one having this issiues. Actually, there was even a hotfix, but the game still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥Pros/Contras+-typical Telltale Story influential gameplay......which changes more peoples opinions about you than the actual storyatmospheric & plausiblestory, setting and charactersmoderate dialoguesCool fights......that won´t really be explained to you in atutorial level or something like thisgood variety of gameplayhard performance dropsHere are some press ratings of the first episodeGaming Magazine/WebsiteRatingGamespot8/10IMDb*9,1/10Polygon8/10*Remember, IMDb is a community rating platform.Edit: After every episode aired, nothing really changed, the performance is still♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the story is still exciting."
,Not Recommended,498240,29366825,Posted: 19 January,all,click-clack,NAH
76561198007744351,Not Recommended,498240,24821516,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,OlekWasTaken,The game wont even launch.. just get drirecX error.. and I have tried it on windows 10 and 7. on windows 10 it just goes black after the check for dlc content... Unplayable
76561198269520621,Not Recommended,498240,33743928,Posted: 23 July,all,FlyingWalrus,"Serious performance issues, basically unplayable."
,Recommended,498240,28419232,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,mashamoshpit,"Things this game did good:Batman story as controlled by you, the playerMaking decisions on what is important to youPretty good representation of womenThe Telltale QTE mechanics have been expanded to build towards a ""finishing move""Hot catlady 10/10Things this game did not so good:The crime scene mechanics are not fun (at least on PC). Theres only one solution to them and they don't improve your immersion.There are less options to speak than other Telltale games. Less control over what is going on.The game is buggy. Not critically so, but very noticeable. Animations breaking, QTE prompts being obscured, hitching, textures missing.The villain's backstory is not well-exploredPlay the game. The Wolf Among Us and The Walking Dead are better Telltale games though."
,Recommended,498240,25004616,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,blairian,This game is a step in the right direction for the batman franchise.
,Recommended,498240,25016249,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,GOOSE?,"I love this game so far. Only the first episode is out right now, but it was so entertaining to play through. However, if you are looking for a game like Arkham Asylum, this is not it. This game is more of a playable movie, so if that's not what your into then I wouldn't recommend getting it.The only performance issue I noticed was that occasionaly some of the background sounds or sound effects, did not play."
,Recommended,498240,25011549,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,timmy_fs,"I think the quicktime-events are just a joke, it doesn`t even matter if what you do, you can`t fail even if you do nothing (I really tried that!). Other than that I enjoyed the story."
76561198076883230,Recommended,498240,25015137,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,delwyn96,"New intake on the batman lore, while this game has its own problems, the story and gameplay itself more than make up for them. Definitely reccomend people to get it (:"
,Recommended,498240,25007191,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Mathilda,Perfect storyline and amazing experience especially if you're fan of both Batman & telltale games.
,Recommended,498240,33701259,Posted: 21 July,all,SH,The Telltale Series are always so good.
76561198114959945,Recommended,498240,29859701,Posted: 11 February,all,Smartical,"Amazing, thats all I have to say. Really awesome!"
,Recommended,498240,24964230,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,bladedbelial,"omg batman and telltale together hold me bk, the story is what you expect from telltale, pure telltale story mode at its heart pulls you in to the game and you soon find your self dirfting in to the world of batman, living as him and wishing you could kill some characters of, a must buy and another hit from telltale, but what else would we expect."
,Recommended,498240,31920546,Posted: 23 May,all,spleet,"One of the best telltale games i've ever played.In this game you play as both Bruce Wayne and Batman, rather then just Batman. While the game is action packed and is full of Batman fights. It is also full of politics andlife as Bruce Wayne. I felt in this game your decisions impacted the story more. Definately worth the money."
,Recommended,498240,33659667,Posted: 19 July,all,TheStrikeBone,"This one is a good example of reinvention of characters, setting and story itself. Plot choices would probably make you wonder about ""what if..."" part of Telltale series (even the binary ones). Performance problems aside, this is beautiful example of great Batman franchise."
,Recommended,498240,33662010,Posted: 19 July,all,LACKEST,I loved this story and I give it 9 I'M BATMAN!!!'s out of 10
76561198123449355,Recommended,498240,33671606,Posted: 20 July,all,thevoss1980,"It's a little more on rails than most other games (even more so than other Telltale games) but the story is compelling, many of the loyalty decisions feel genuinely tricky and I enjoyed exploring and influencing this alternate take on the Batman lore."
76561198163397483,Not Recommended,498240,25682889,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,stocktonlord04,"I wouldve given this game a great review but I cant because it doesnt WORK. It crashes whenever I try to start the episode and while it is running is very laggy. And my computers only like a year old, so its probably not the problem. But I would recomend getting the game on xbox or ps4 because it works well and the game is really good."
76561198088617913,Not Recommended,498240,33885366,Posted: 29 July,all,Kurwa,12/10
,Not Recommended,498240,33813071,Posted: 26 July,all,"Kurt ""Dirty"" Angle ""s""","someone else below me put a detailed description of why this is subpar to other telltale games. although I cant disagree with most of what he's saying, I think most telltale games are just sub par in general. The price tags on these games are actually ridiculous. I have 10.2 hours on this, 8 hours avg on twd games, and theyre $30 games... replayability is arguable. idk, just hard to recommend. I know the new ones coming out but maybe wait for a sale idk XD"
,Recommended,498240,24822696,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Pac_Man,the game is excellent
76561198073117161,Recommended,498240,24820593,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,tjames5646,"As of right now, I'd give it a 7.5/10. I'm a huge fan of Telltale games in general. Played multiple playthroughs through The Walking Dead, Tales from the Borderlands, Game of Thrones, and The Wolf Among Us. All excellent but they all shared the same faults as this one, pretty buggy apon release. Now I'm sure that Telltale will get it fixed so I'm not worried, it's just your typical problems. A little laggy during certain scenes and some choices you make aren't reflected correctly. The only real complaint that I have is that there is no rewind!!! I don't want to restart the whole episode, I just want to maybe not break that guy's arm haha. I am sure it will be added in soon though. Other than that though the game is amazing, it's dark, brutal and very batmanish. And of course they no how to set the mood of a story as well. I would definitly recommend this game, just don't be too critical while they work out the kinks."
76561198141303468,Recommended,498240,33107022,Posted: 1 July,all,Batman,"Didn't expect this game to be good going into it. If you are a batman fan, then I 100% recommend getting this game.10/10 on every level.Do not pass this game up seriously."
76561198052896474,Recommended,498240,33959617,Posted: 1 August,all,☢Deanio,love the fight scenes in this game its great
,Recommended,498240,26369007,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Nik,"Although most people disagree as Im writing this the game's drop in fps doesnt drop me out of the story, because that's how great the story is, Ive played through episodes 1 -3 so far and waiting for episode 4 to drop in a month or two although the performance of the game I see for most people needs fixing it doesnt really effect me that bad. I run the game just fine except for the scenes in the car which dont last that long. For the most part the story is great, graphics are just like every other telltale game and it runs just fine for the most part and you can tell that the story was made by batman fans, if you are a batman fan I highly recommend this game."
76561198135617497,Recommended,498240,26379088,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,BlazeItToGameIt,"I only just recently bought this and have played all Episodes up to date and I can honestly say this game is fantastic!!!!!, the story and gameplay is great and the new take on The Dark Knight is fantastic the way he is portrayed is amazing. I have no problems with this game at all, the graphics are fine and I get no glitches at all and I would definitely recommend this game to any Batman fan. I can't wait till Episode 4 is released :)"
76561197977398713,Recommended,498240,25040699,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Drum Wizard,Fantastic. No performance issues and good story. Can't wait for upcoming episodes!
76561198080216449,Recommended,498240,28857169,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mpd_,I have played mostly all of the telltale games and this one is one of the best. I am a Batman fan and I loved this. The choices in this had me thinking and they felt much harder to make compared to other games.
76561198008844252,Recommended,498240,29744486,Posted: 6 February,all,Palmer247,"This game puts you into the world and mind of the Batman but Bruce Wayne as wellThis Telltale Games again applies its gameplay mechanics of consequential choice and quick action combat into a six tales of unpredictable and challenging adventureThis high-action combat sequences and creative detective work provide the right amount of balance throughout the game playOverall, this is a great introduction, setting the foundations for future tales, defiantly worth playing this completely original Batman Begins game 10/10"
76561198093732780,Recommended,498240,34038586,Posted: 5 August,all,LHunter,DIDNT EXPECT VICKI TO BE THE VILLAIN
76561197983125400,Recommended,498240,24817184,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,T2|Konflikt,"Very fun and interesting take on the batman mythos. I did have to make some graphics adjustments before I could play but a couple quick youtube searches and it was taken care of. I had the whitescreen on startup, and that seems to be a problem with nvidia graphics cards, but youtube had the answers. Really enjoyable story/drama and not completely lacking in the action department. My one gripe is that the first chapter was over too quickly and has left me desperatly craving more! Overall I would definitely reccomend this to anyone that is an avid batman fan!"
76561198119229179,Recommended,498240,26511906,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Animains,Nice ♥♥♥♥ing game!! like always Telltale u did a great job
,Recommended,498240,24733805,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Cheesefist,"This is one of the worst launches I have experianced for a game. First, let me state that I have been unable to actually figure out any of my techniqual problem and quit before the first fight scene ended, so this wont be a review of the gameplay persay. The game runs at about 10-15 fps for me (If im lucky, it wil shoot allll the way up to 20) and I cant mess with any of the resolution settings of by god the game will shut down like a depressed kid hearing some bad news. Fullscreen essentially Locks your screen and you have 2 options for graphics, High Preformance, and High Quality ( I didnt see a difference) at this point in time, Telltale really♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed with this PC release, which is weird because all there other games have had good launches. Wait to pick this one up untill they fix all these errors. once the patch comes out, I will try and modify this review to, Hopefully, sing praise about this game. UPDATE* I decided to push through the♥♥♥♥♥♥frame rate and found it to be the Batman Game ive been waiting for. I view batman as this brutal, relentlass vigalanty who will do any means nessecary to get the guy, Whether breaking a mans arm in half, or impaling a man on a piece of cement Ruebar. I finally get to play the brutal and unflinching batman I have always wanted. As of now, I reccomend playing this game, even if it means playing at 15-40 fps, its worth it so you can be the Hero you have always wanted. EDIT DEC. 12 2016: They releaced a 7.7 gb patch that fixed all the graphical problems I had. my game can now run at 40-60 fps, which is amazing. Graphics options got rid of the High Quality High Preformance options and instead gave you texture detal and others. Worth the Pickup now"
,Not Recommended,498240,29997215,Posted: 17 February,all,Qpa,Not a bad game
76561198290189213,Not Recommended,498240,29947376,Posted: 15 February,all,William_Glozz,"Telltale game have dissapointed me again... The Walking Dead: Michonne, Game of Thrones and now.. Batman..."
,Recommended,498240,29535561,Posted: 27 January,all,PsychoPaul,"Honestly anyone who gives this game a bad review isn't a big enough fan of batman.This game let you have THE batman experience, you even got to play as Bruce Wayne for christs sake.Definatly one of the best batman games I've played."
,Recommended,498240,24784653,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Naithan,good fun
76561198003584502,Not Recommended,498240,32052396,Posted: 29 May,all,veelay,"this game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥. on a technical front, it's an absolute garbage port with almost every problem in the book, most of them completely laughable. as a game, its biggest offense is that its boring as hell. lame puzzles, lame characters, lame twists, just lame and boring. being batman has never been such a yawnfest before. get it for free or cheap as hell. wait for a sale or humble bundle like me if you really care. For anyone else, just stay away. I think we can all agree that telltale should probably go out business soon. Nothing is ever gonna reach walking dead season 1's standards again."
76561198040778947,Not Recommended,498240,34133363,Posted: 9 August,all,RJ,"Game freezes  when I try to enter episode 2. I've tried lowering the settings, raising the settings, checking the cache, turning off steam overlay, windowed mode full screen mode. Spent hours on google trying different remedies and none seem to work. Potential to be a great game if you can get it to work but for now there is no excuse for having a nonworking game"
,Recommended,498240,28945712,Posted: 2 January,all,milfslayer07,Cons :-- Not enough JokerPros :--Sex Scene with Catwoman10/10
,Not Recommended,498240,34349651,Posted: 19 August,all,Stiora,The Reason i dont recommand it is becose of the Choices i could not dothey dont effect anything about the game other then waht you saythats allif you dont care about Choice then its a nice game for you
,Not Recommended,498240,34305549,Posted: 17 August,all,FUBAR,"Running on GTX980M, Windows 10. Very choppy framerates making it unplayable. It's 2017 and I've seen this kind of complaints since 2016. Terrible support for this game."
,Recommended,498240,29251776,Posted: 14 January,all,Vexing Vision,"Probably my least favourite Telltale series, simply becaus the story is written in stone. We all know that no matter how grim things are, Bruce Wayne will survive and remain Batman, he's never going to end up with Catwoman, and we all know how Harvey Dent ends.This killed the thrill. Decisions are not risky, because we know it will all end well.I would love to see Telltale revisit the superhero genre with a fresh story, one that can end unexpecting.It's still a good story, but I just wish it wasn't encased in Batman lore."
,Recommended,498240,31634478,Posted: 8 May,all,SYDEUT,as a batman fan this game is much too nicei can only recommend it to everyone and i will be waiting for season 2
,Not Recommended,498240,31299945,Posted: 22 April,all,TheRorschach,It's a terrible game. Not worth the money you give.
,Recommended,498240,34183965,Posted: 11 August,all,‡‡‡‡MëMê _ SüPrÊmÊ,GG100/10 would buy again
,Recommended,498240,34190206,Posted: 12 August,all,Rabbit シ,"After havin played Walking dead 1 & 2 and Borderlands telltale games, i have to say that this Batman is imo by far the best. It has great story, great action, always nice twist and turns, bloodbumpin bossfight and a chance again to enjoy the view of catwomans sweet ""face"".In all 3 telltales i played before i had the feeling that i more like wanted to end them because of the achievements and not to finish the story. Different here in batman - i really enjoyed the story and actually was kinda sad when it was over.Really lookin forward to see another one from ""Bats"". All 3 thumbs up ;) - totally recommended"
76561198316570512,Recommended,498240,34190009,Posted: 12 August,all,Cornflake,g
,Recommended,498240,32762749,Posted: 25 June,all,Keen_Falcon,"I won't lie. I didn't like the animation. And i miss the buttons in an more puppeteer way, like assasins's creed 2. The moves felt unnatural and that's an very worse game than Wolf Among Us or another Telltale games. Batman also felt weak in the game. So why would i reccomend the game? Well, telltales games work very good with the choices and even without the Batman's investigative methodology guiding him. It's nice to think as an executive that try to save his face and fight agains polictics with dialogs that puzzle me. Have i sayed that i hate politctis. Well, maybe that's what i felt strange in these games. It's like an Batman without the Nunjutsu and Judo training. I think that Aikido move was very good, but the fights really felt weak to me, in my opinion. But what i'm saying, I'm just mad because you guys have found out that all i want is an Woman loyal like alfred and hot like Catwoman. Maybe the perfect woman didn't exists. Really, very fun, she's very provocative and make me remember that it's our life, not just my life. Well, while i don't find them i will just hang out with every catwoman i find. But anyway. Nice game."
76561198034521569,Recommended,498240,27576588,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,N64Orc,"It was broken for a long time but I think that is resolved, but story wise its pretty worth it, mind you I have only played episode one.I like Telltale's imagination but I almost wish they would take it a step up with the graphics. I just think it would be just interesting to see some new games by Telltale that are presented differently, The Ink/comic book tone is a little old.EDIT now that I have played all the episodes of the game I really liked the story but I do feel like the launch problems gave the game a bad taste to some players."
76561198302034118,Not Recommended,498240,26313102,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,blakeazoid,I have never played a game with such a huge sound sync problem. I tried to persevere with it and chaned several combinations of settings on my NVIDIA control pannel. Trying the recommended fixes and also other settings that should have remedied the issue.But the Problem remains that the frame rate drops so severley it becomes unplayable. Hopefully there will be a patch soon that fixes this problem but this isnt something that a 2016 game made by a respectable developer should have.Ovarall it has soured the game and wouldn't reccommed anyone with a NVIDIA rig to purchase.
76561197998012585,Not Recommended,498240,26328914,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,whats,"Episode 3 now and the game is still unplayable. Contast stuttering. Sound only works with headphones. I'm glad episode 1 is free so you can get some more bad reviews about how unplayable it is.It is not my setup. i7-6700k 16 gb 970. I can play civ 6, fallout 4, gta 5, witcher 3 all on high settings. There is something wrong with this game. When playing my fps shows over 120 the whole time it is stuttering. Fix it."
,Not Recommended,498240,25682897,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Netforce,+Superb Story+Your choises make who lives or dies+Very good acting and voices+Nice animations-Buggy playing with xbox controller RB and RT combos sometimes dont regonises. [Play with keyboard works 100%]-Bad optimised game FPS going from 90 then to 144 fps.-Why Why Why is it so hard make games optimised for 144Hz monitors? Even games from 2005 support 144Hz option-Screen teering at it worst but still it is playable. U can avoid it if use 60hz on monitor in settings.I cant wait to play thourgh the rest of the episides 3-5Episode 1 and 2 did play after each other.Played on 10 core processor with 128 GB DDR4 and 2 x Titan X Pascal edition and windows 10 anniversary edition.:Edit:Episode 3 is TOTALLY ♥♥♥♥ING UNPLAYABLE. With fps frops down to 14 FPS on cutscenes from 144 fps. and i can play Call Of Duty: Infinity Ward on Ultra everything on max and still cant handle a♥♥♥♥♥♥optimised game from Telltale!!!!!
76561198035975317,Not Recommended,498240,24740045,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,deadted,"So help me.I'm a big fan of Tell Tale games - I've loved all the stories that they've told so far and clearly their reasearch into the materials has shown in the final product. I've almost always bought their games on release foolishly believing it's a way of showing support for the company.I feel terrible about leaving a negative review for a company that I've held in high regard for a while, always looking forward to playing their games,especially for a game that I've been unable to playThen again, I've spent £18.99 on the game (or $25 if you're into localisation now that pound has decreased in value). It's refusing to go past the load screen and has done so since launch. Have tried the recommended fixes on the Telltale website to no avail.I can not recommend buying this game at this point in time as so many other purchasers are having the same problem with little to no explanation or further support from Telltale. I'm considering asking for a refund in a few days time. Sure, I'll probably buy it again when it's on sale or something but right now, it's a busted product and it's a real shame as everyone, absolutely everyone has a favourite Telltale game and I've been looking forward to their take on Batman since it's announcement**EDIT 07.08.16 - After titting about with graphics card settings, the game is now making it past the blank title screen but it's completely unplayable because it's so laggy/jumpy that you can't actually use the mouse to click on anything before you run out of time on an option. Have tried every known fix out there so far and it's still awful. Real shame because the game looks like it would be amazing if it actually worked properly. ***"
,Recommended,498240,29413968,Posted: 21 January,all,tapekingkong,"Telltales Games and Batman franchise, a perfect combination, right?It's a typical Telltales' game and interesting, but far from a great Batman story to be told.To be honest, I bought it for the ""batman"" and I had a high expectation and excitement about how Telltales will tell the well known story with their own way. Now, is it good? YES and NO.They do make some interesting turns and twists in the story, which you might already guess, it's a good old Telltales' writing, all you can expect from them. I like how the way they re-tell this batman origin, it's difficult considering it's a story that has been told so many times and in different ways, but yet, they are still able to do a pretty decent job on this part.Now, with that good foundation, how good is the whole Experience actually is? Well, not that good.It's the same formula that Telltales has been using for a while, there's nothing new really. And if you have played a lot of their games like me, I guess you will started to get tired of it. The choices are mostly obvious, and how they make us learn about the characters? Trust me, they have done a better job.I'm just not invested enough into the characters, the dialogues doesn't work for me. Unless the parts where you learn about the relationship between Bruce-Harvey, Bruce-Selina andspoiler alertthe Bruce-Selina-Harvey situation. How they interact to each other is the moments I grew to love/hate the character based on a believeable reasons, interactions that relateable to our daily life. But unfortunately, aside from that small portion of those three characters interactions and situations, the rest of the story fell flat.I don't think I should recommend this game, but I will.Just don't expect too much from this one, especially if you're a Telltales Games veteran and Batman fan. IMHO the first half of Arkham Knight's story is way better than this whole season one episodes, but it's not a bad experience to have in any way. This game is just suffering from a bad delivery of the already great ideas to tell and the overused Telltales' old formula that started to worn out. BUT I BELIVE IN YOU TELLTALES!6/10BUY IT ON DISCOUNT"
76561198011456499,Recommended,498240,34190184,Posted: 12 August,all,Setana,"best game i've played all yearhad a problem twice where the game was showing a diff picture then it should have been,   during dents fundraiser instead of looking at the characters i was left looking at a table for the entirity but i still really loved the game"
76561198073306759,Recommended,498240,34723067,Posted: 3 September,all,Arjun,Nice game. The developers should give more freedom to players when it comes to fighting.
76561197987630975,Recommended,498240,28692308,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Serendipity,Well written which honestly is the most important attribute; yes its a point and click action movie and yes the gameplay and animation etc are very good but its the writing that shines here (and the reason i keep coming back to telltale). recommended
,Not Recommended,498240,24677502,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,MiksteR_RdY,"Why do you ""only support Xbox 360 Controllers""?That is the respond someone got from the support, asking why his RT button is not working in the game. Apparently you have to use LB instead of RT, which is weird enough. But what's so bad about putting in Xbox One controller support? That is close minded.Otherwise I love everything you do, usually."
76561197970519927,Recommended,498240,29195543,Posted: 11 January,all,titmo427,Is Batman. Very nice.
76561198067937686,Recommended,498240,34162131,Posted: 10 August,all,williamkaiser95,"Good Game. There was enough drama that I thought I was losing for a long time, and the decisions made actually feel like they have an effect on the story."
76561198053189902,Recommended,498240,34159799,Posted: 10 August,all,Zieda Miven,Definitely love the story behind this game!!!
,Recommended,498240,28867680,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,chuga chuga chuggington,damn this game is intense
76561198170513289,Not Recommended,498240,26345314,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Shay the MEDIC,"I do not reccomend this, I did keep away from spoilers but the game constantly lags, and I can never load episode 1 becuase the game crashes before it loads. I would wait until they can fix this problem"
76561197987674194,Not Recommended,498240,28655868,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,T15,EXCELLENT GAME. but game crashed on me twice. scenes are choppy from time to time.i5 3570kr9 280xwindows 10
76561198005771481,Recommended,498240,34466535,Posted: 24 August,all,Frank,"I played some of this game, then stopped.  I liked the cynicism of the characters towards life in Gotham City.  The graphics look good. The pace of the story moves quickly.  Yet, for me there was too much fighting.  If I want a story-based action game, I'll play one with real action in it (such as Witcher 3).  The action here is simply press the indicated button quickly enough.  It is like being inside a Batman action movie.  If you like that, it's worth your time, so I rated it a thumb's up.  I did spend some time with it.  Yet, ultimately I decided I'd rather spend my time on a more original story with a setting that is often more like everyday life, Life is Strange.  (Yes, its hero has a special power, but it's a unique special power, and some of the characters are closer to real life)."
,Not Recommended,498240,34390666,Posted: 21 August,all,LightKeeper,"So I love Batman. I'm a big fan, I have all the Batman games from the former series by Rocksteady which was really nice overall. I thought ""hey why not a Telltale game should be prettu awesome"" (I loved The Walking Dead and The Wolf Among us).Looked at this game and bought on sale for cheap. Started the game and experienced stuttering. Fiddleling around the settings, NVIDIA preferences, etc still stuttering. Went online and everyone is full of bad experiences, stuttering experienced by nearly everybody, for some it's even worse than mine. Apparently the support is ""taking notes"" or ""investigating"" and then brushes off the tickets lol.So I'm writing this review to warn people, I'm not going to walk into hell like that for a character I love... Going to clic the refund button just after these words. Cheers and sorry for you Telltale I've never been disapointed like this with any of your other games before :("
,Recommended,498240,34542306,Posted: 27 August,all,Jasiu,"Its my 3rd game from Telltale that i finished (Tales from Borderlands, Wolf Among Us) and its great! This game is not about Batman but more about Bruce Wayne and his emotions with Family, Alfred and Gotham. When you make Decision you feel that something happens not like previous games that i played. I can complain about last episode and the ending, but i wont spoiler ending, so my advise is just to buy this game on Sale like me. 5 Euros its good price for this Story. It took me about 9 hours to complete story.FPS stand pretty low, i dont know this is about my GPU (gtx770) or game, drops huge on scene switch (about 20s)At all i recommend this game, cause i love Batman Universe :)"
76561198151739374,Recommended,498240,34620395,Posted: 30 August,all,yatiya,"This game is enjoyable as a story. It certainly has a very original villain. However, it's way too short to justify it's price tag. There is no way I would pay full price for i, and I'm glad I waited for a hefty discount.Sure, you could replay it to make different choices, but your choices only matter for the journey, not the destination."
76561198318591018,Recommended,498240,34563326,Posted: 28 August,all,TheMidget,I just finished playing the whole game and I must say one of greastest telltale games there is the story of the game really draws you in and you want the urge to play more and more I did have a bit of a problem in episode one were it would be black scren but it got all fixed with the update which came out the day later which i was really pleased about the graphics are good no gliches or bugs when I played it and overall a really good game i recommend this game for anyone who is a big batman fan like me and also into new telltale games.
76561198100902995,Not Recommended,498240,24674524,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,El Chupacabra,"Lag, Bugs, Crashes. Another broken Batman game..."
,Recommended,498240,33086188,Posted: 1 July,all,Въртим козунаци,Cant bang a real chick but at least i banged catwoman.10/10 would smash again
76561198279449922,Recommended,498240,29022893,Posted: 4 January,all,Rosé.Revenant,"With the recent patch that came out with Episode 5 the game is absolutely flawless. Just played through the whole game and little to no lag because of the patch. This is definately worth a Season 2 as well as The Wolf Among Us, please make the rest of the games with these graphics settings"
,Recommended,498240,29038645,Posted: 5 January,all,ArmagoN,"This is one of the BEST TTG I have played. Wlaking dead still clinches it, but Batman can stand close.Gagging for another season ... now"
,Recommended,498240,35125049,Posted: 22 September,all,Space Bumblebee,"I loved this game, especially after my recent playthrough of The Wolf Among Us! I love this style of game, both graphically and the fact your decisions influence the game meaning you can have a very personal ending/style."
76561197980435779,Not Recommended,498240,25116756,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Ellino,Crash on startup (NVIDIA Fix doesnt' work)
,Recommended,498240,26563217,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GALAXY弹性,Brilliant story. No lag issues. Brilliant.
,Not Recommended,498240,28613818,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Krippe,"Good story, but this game is so poorly optimized that I can't bring myself to recommend it. Just watch a ""Let's play"" if you're interested in it, because games that are this full of bugs should never be released to the public.Shame, Telltale."
,Recommended,498240,28690511,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Supreme Admiral Aladeen the III,"Quite a buggy game, sometimes ruining the experience, but overall a fun and interesting game to play that lasts a couple of hours."
,Recommended,498240,24986361,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Life of seaDOtA,Love the way characters were given their choice of response....Hoping to see more decision making and game play
76561198012820872,Recommended,498240,24987800,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Limchat,"Very good! Was sad when I was finished with episode 1, can't wait for the others!"
76561198022186188,Recommended,498240,28390803,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,selambentolgi,"nice take on batman, highly recommended, telltale did it once more, brilliant...."
,Recommended,498240,28935577,Posted: 2 January,all,Denji,I liked the story a lot and i like this type of games where they put you to make decisions
76561198016194812,Recommended,498240,24720560,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,BlackMask,Well first of all let me tell u that !BUY THE F**KING GAME !very very very good game one of the best telltale didI hope its just the begining with DC i want Flash and JL tooTOTALY worth 25$If I want a full season with 24 episodes :)))))))))))It was alittle buggy at first but all games are like that and they fix most of it by nowIf u like Batman (and u do ) get this gameWhy the hell are u still reading this review for ? BUY THE GAME ALREADY!
,Recommended,498240,24720430,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,A Moron Abound,Came for Batman. Stayed for Catwoman's butt.10/10 would drool again.
,Recommended,498240,24721293,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,SPIDERxKID,"Pros:- Good plot and characters. Makes you keep guessing where the case is going (So far - This is going by EP1 alone)- True to the comics and other media (For like 99% of the time)- Great voice acting- Catwoman- The game look great, like Gotham, the characters, it has a good look over all. Although I'm not sold on how Alfred looks. He looks like he should be selling me fried chicken.Cons:- Game breaks at 1920x1080/full screen- animation looks bad at times (Not all the time tho)- Alfred as said before.- Epiosde 2 isn't out yet"
76561197963074936,Recommended,498240,33222403,Posted: 4 July,all,Hypekillah,"10/10 - Best batman game ever!Okey first of all, its more like a interaktive movie, you dont play as much as you choose where the story goes as in all telltale games.The story in this game is amazing, its different. it can suprice a old batfan.i got all achivements and i completed the game. but i am going to play at least one more time just to see how else i can impact the story.I laughed and cried as my exitment grew for this game."
76561198145499691,Recommended,498240,33201763,Posted: 3 July,all,Dan The Man,Sticker
,Recommended,498240,25170682,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,SunFlower,Nice
,Recommended,498240,25197969,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,I Watch Rick And Morty,11/10 the game has a lambo that transforms into the bat mobile
,Not Recommended,498240,34190552,Posted: 12 August,all,Ser Harold the Great Crusader,"This game stutters all the ♥♥♥♥ing time, lack of graphical options is annoying, the dialogue is as cringy as Batman & Robin, says ""full-controller support"" but it has none and it's the worst Batman game to date.Pass on this one."
76561198066303798,Not Recommended,498240,24682759,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Goodwillz,"I play telltale many game , but Batman  is lag , fix it."
,Recommended,498240,26228322,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ProfessorKrunch,"Essential game for all bat fans!Pros:Good StorySoundtrack is tense!Makes you feel like the BatMore Bruce Wayne is never a problemCons:X1 controller is screwy with it - the finishing move (rt + a) needs to be done on a keyboard and mouse combo, otherwise you fail it!short episodes! They take around 1.5 - 2.5 hrs."
76561198137760167,Recommended,498240,26222555,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,RPGnosh,"Another great game from Telltale Games. The story is engaging, the action is great. Of course its your typical point and click/quick time events game but still well worth the money. As a fan of Batman (SPOILERSish) not a huge fan of their perception of the Wayne family (if you have played it to this point, you know what I mean). But the design, controls, asnd voice acting are great. I also like that, unlike The Wolf Among Us, it is more kid friendly. There is of course language and blood, but not much more than you would see in typical DC animated movies. My nephew (whom I play with below) is 11 and I feel comfortable letting him play this. Definetly worth $25+https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8wMRsPlYBc&index=4&list=PLk7gX_DRt96ZNAscUIJBosBCfxjhIylLs"
76561198019268828,Recommended,498240,29770126,Posted: 7 February,all,L1ke,"Awesome game! Great job Telltale, as always. I'm looking forward for a new episodes, can't wait that happen!"
,Recommended,498240,25964613,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Roder777,"Review in progress.2/5 episodes played (remind me to update)So far this batbum boi game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥for everybody but me.Right trigger doesn't work and the game has hard crashed 2 times.Still loving tell tales games, keep dis stuff up8/10 (will change)"
,Recommended,498240,24680892,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Rupok,"Works perfectly fine for me without performance issues. Might not for others. I am playing on 1440p with a gtx 980ti. Game is pretty great, best batman game after the arkham series."
76561198062522256,Recommended,498240,24681038,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,tanker_in_tan,"This shouldn't need a review.  It's Batman, it's Telltale.Episode 1 - Telltale brings thier tried and true moral compass to the world of Gotham.  Choices made by both Bruce and Batman effect the cities view on both personas, the GCPD, and Mayor Candidate Harvey Dent.  The same art style and gameplay that we know and love from A Wolf Among Us, The Walking Dead, and Game of Thrones brings The Dark Knight to life in a unique way only Telltale can do.  About three hours of playtime of this original story and you'll be waiting for the next episode.I give it a POW! out of WHAM!"
76561198030754843,Recommended,498240,24687808,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,GeneralGao,"As exciting and entertaining as the Arkham series has been, for many comic fans, the opportunity to explore the duality between Batman and Bruce Wayne has been left unexplored in video games until this game.  Gripping and suspenseful the whole way through, this game invites the player to consider the many sides of the Dark Knight.  Is Batman a noble crusader or a brutal vigilante?  Is Wayne a naive playboy or a cunning idealist?  The supporting cast is great and pushes the player into reconsidering past choices.  I found myself developing my views just as much as Wayne does in his journey.Technically, the game is admitedly flawed on PC.  I run an i3-3220 @ 3.30GHz, NVIDIA GTX 960, and 8GB RAM, averaged 55-60 fps with some stuttering and frame drops.  I played on highest settings at 1960x1080 fullscreen using an XBox 360 controller.  At times, dialogue or sound dropped, was muted, or was out of sync.  This was enough to break immersion, but personally, I was not put off enough to not enjoy the game the whole way through.tl;dr  Great, immersive story and game.  Occasional graphical hiccups.  Generally recommend except for those most concerned with technical performance."
76561198142551510,Recommended,498240,24688220,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Chippy,Game runs around 20fps and that does not help the fight scenes. Best advice is just wait a bit for the patch.Still recommanding it because of the potential it has once patched.
,Recommended,498240,24688429,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Akromo,"I seen a lot of reviews about lag but I've not had any whatsoever. 60 fps max settings. Story is great, gameplay is interesting. Worth the purchase in my opinion."
76561198040974056,Recommended,498240,24690240,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Flopper,Game works fine me had no issues with it unlike some other people so its a good game
,Recommended,498240,24691051,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MjeeD,"Tell me... do you bleed? ""you will""﻿"
,Recommended,498240,24679693,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Angelus073,"Good start, really enjoyed the feel of it. Can't wait for episode two!!"
76561198293455360,Recommended,498240,24680662,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Triskelion,Just playedthrough episode 1 with no performance issues at all.I have no idea know what these other people are talking about.The story so far was great in my opinion.
76561198256559361,Recommended,498240,24680665,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,dillangray67,"I just finished episode one of Batman-The Telltale Series, and I have to say, I'm hooked. I was super hyped for this game, even though I've never played any of the Telltale games. I did pre-order this game. It unlocked today, but I work a full time job. Today I was checking out the reviews and got super concerned when I saw all the negative...but the game was very playable for me on my AMD rig. I am running a FX 8350 processor, and a R9 380 gpu. The game did lag some, and some little things I noticed seemed a bit unpolished, but its easily overlooked. I highly recommend this game...I just hope the rest of the episodes are as good as the first. As far as lag...I would say that TT has an update on the way."
,Recommended,498240,24680817,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Svatopluk Hus,"its great, no issues on gtx980"
,Recommended,498240,24681064,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Veng,"If you want advice now on buying right now. The answer is yes, if it's buggy dont worry it always gets fixed after the first patch. TellTale always releases it with a few bugs they patch after a day or two. Its a good game WHEN IT WORKS.Good game and good story so far. I thought nothing would surprise me during the play through but they did a good job at trying to keep it choice based and still give surprises and your own take on batman. Heres more in a basic view. I see a lot of talk about the game not working and it's weird since I had no issues at all. Only audio during fights would get quiet or mute IF I CLICKED THE QUICKTIME EVENTS TOO FAST. Even then, it didn't bother me since this usually happens on the first day of Telltale games. Just give'em a few days and it will be fixed.tl:drPros:Story was good and newNever thought ""batman wouldn't do this""Fighting was fun and creativeChoices mattered as alwaysCons:Audio during fights wouldn't be synced if you were too quick on quick time eventsNothing else was bad about it ON MY END."
76561198006642638,Recommended,498240,24685073,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Commander Greyscale,"The story is good so far, chapter 1 goes for about 2 hours with a good movie feel to it, It's is suprisingly original and clever for a rehashed time period in batmans life. If you've played other Telltale games and know how it works you're in for an enjoyable experience.Choices probably wont matter as much as they seem, but they build suspense and intrigue for 1-2 play throughs.The biggest weakpoint in the gameplay is the quick time events, I just coulden't fail them. Batman seems to take a life of his own and theres something going on with a new charge up meter that isn't explained.I was lucky enough to not have framerate problems, my advice is to currently hold off on purchase to see what the updates are like for the game and most likely get the whole package when it's complete.TLDR, Story good. Problems bad :("
,Recommended,498240,24680809,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,BTonyB,"I am loving this game! Telltale wins again! Some people on here are having trouble running it apparently, but mine is running as smooth as butter at 2K."
76561197982826136,Recommended,498240,24681436,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,God For Hire,"Great game, love telltale games!"
76561198014646073,Recommended,498240,24687603,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,occamssword,"I have no idea what any of these other reviewers are complaining about. Encountered only a single, easily avoidable glitch, and runs perfectly fine at max framerate.Also, very well written; the geek in me loves the subtle and the not-so-subtle foreshadowing, and a good blend of all Batman lore."
,Recommended,498240,24711486,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Genuine,Great first episode set the plot verry well for the rest of the game love the update engine fits well with the tone of the game also think they have done a great job adding more detail to there grathics with out losing the telltale look.had no bugs whats so ever.
76561198032326536,Recommended,498240,24680919,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Chuck,"It's unlucky people are suffering from issues with this game. I am fortuante to say this hasn't happened with me. I managed to play the game with no crashes, dialogue was in sync. I managed to get the resolution to 4K without any probelms and the frame rate was running at 60fps. I hope the issues people are facing with this game  gets fixed as it is not fair for folk who fork out money and the product doesn't live up to the price. Overall, it is a great game in my opinion and I would recommend anyone who likes Batman to buy this."
,Recommended,498240,24681109,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Widdle Wuna (Moon Matron),"What an astouding story! I really felt like I was watching the start of Bruce Wayne grappeling to become the Batman while finding out the truth about himself, and his family. I can't recommend this game enough!"
76561198118017982,Recommended,498240,24686676,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MoeX777,"Got done playing the first episode with some lags and resoultion issues, but you got to expect that people it just came out.Great game, Great story, and worthy of the batman title. Can't wait for updates to play again(without lags and sound and video out of sync!), and the future episodes to come out, I'm already hooked to the story and like a junkie i need more."
76561198040755243,Recommended,498240,24687601,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,djc,"Solid entry into TT series of adventure games.  Sad to hear about the performance issues some people are having but for some reason I don't seem to have any (on 4 year old gaming laptop).Lot more quicktime events compared to previous games like GoT, Borderlands or walking dead.  Not sure if that's a plus or a minus yet.Only real downside is having to wait for the next episode."
,Recommended,498240,24687683,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,kandi,"Only had a little glitch where I was stuck and had to restart at the checkpoint.Had no resolution, framerate, elsewhat problems. It ran great and was a lot of fun.I don't like the fact that the fighting scenes countinue even though I failed purposely sometimes to test it.I also don't like that there are no relevant decisions to make.BUT that's what the ""new generation"" Telltale Games have always been and is therefore not really worth a point.I like the style and the story so far. Of course you can't judge it till it is completely released but so far I can recommend it if you liked previous TT titles like TWD,Fables,TFTB,GoT..."
,Recommended,498240,24690274,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dr. Pepper,Great first episode!The game runs nice and smoothly on high settings for me (I'm one of the lucky ones) and this is is one of Telltale's best IMO.  The duality of Batman and Bruce Wayne manifests in some really tense decisions and sequences where finding the line and playing the characters as you want to play them is as stressful as it is entertaining.Good job Telltale!
,Recommended,498240,24680680,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Evolution,Really good so far
,Recommended,498240,24681345,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,dudspudson,"The game is buggy and tends to lag running on a Titan X graphics card with 12GB of vram.  Despite the technical issues, the game has great potential and I am looking forward to the next episode.  Hopefully Telltale will bring in some of the more iconic villians."
76561198013348900,Recommended,498240,24683956,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Chimichangderp,"A lot of people seem to be getting real mad over crashes and bugs, luckily for me it ran smooth as a baby's bottom, story and gameplay was amazing, worth the money if your computer can run it, which really shouldn't be too hard as I personally ran into no problems and my computer is a couple of years old now. 10/10"
76561198079652521,Recommended,498240,24687585,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MonsterCherrys,at first it was buggy and laggy but a couple hours later they patched it and it worked perfectly for me and i have to say the first episode atleast was amazing imo i love the whole story and the decisions it gave me it really gave a grim/mystery feel to it and they left such a cliffhanger at the end so far im happy i bought this game i cant fully recommend because i only played the 1/5 of it released yet but so far its a 10/10 for me
76561198063699280,Recommended,498240,24712239,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Alyana Solaris,"Wonderful first epsiode! Didn't have any problems at all, besides maybe a scene where the sound cut out. But afterwards everything else was fine. I will say I heard people complaining about not being able to start the game in full screen. Just give Tell Tale games time. They need to fix the problem. All games have bugs when they are first released. Look at Space Engineers and those other games. All of those had bugs, but they always updated and improved. Everyone needs to relax and give them a chance to fix the problem."
,Recommended,498240,24680827,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,goldo413,love this game it works great when i use cpu cores software that is on steam for some reason it seem to work better  when use that software or when i over clock my cpu+gpu im using a AMD A8 3800 cpu and a xfx 7950 3GB gpu and also 16GB of corsair ram
76561198043515760,Recommended,498240,24681545,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,blueknite,"I have a pretty good PC and run this game no problems. It crashed once right when Falcone pulled up to Wayne manor in the very early parts of the game, and I had to go to main menu and re-load once at the bat computer. Apart from any technical problems some people are having with this game, which I'm sure will be patched out (literally every game nowadays releases with a few things that slipped past the DEV's), all in all it's pretty great. I may be biased because i'm pretty big on batman, but it follows the regular formula of telltale, with some new systems, and it feels like a batman game (adventure). I'm pretty excited for the upcoming episodes, because so far, the stories good."
,Recommended,498240,24690208,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,The_Legend_27,"I had NO problem whit this game. Great graphic, no lag what so ever, and no problem with my XBOX-Controller.LOVED the story! And GREAT choices! Unlike GoT-TellTale, choises actuall do matters in this game.10/10 Can't wait for next episode!!!GREAT WORK TELLTALE!!!!!!"
,Recommended,498240,24691139,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Gahzeera,Wonderful game. Played through Episode 1 without any issues. Can't wait for the next episodes to release.GTX 980Intel i7 6700 3.4ghz16 gb ram
,Recommended,498240,24679618,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,عميقepsin,My favorite anime.
76561197993767882,Not Recommended,498240,24685081,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,tony1000,"Very weak episode, dull villain, 2 of 5 parts are very boring.Yawn again when I see all this talk around Wayne's parents, politics campaigns, press conferences. Talks, talks, talks...there are a few bright moments: the investigation of crimes and use of batman gadgets, also talks between the sexes are good (with Selina Kyle and reporter whose name I've already forgotten) - there is a little chemistry.5/10 for this episode. I hope next will be better.Right now this is the worst of the telltale games I've played so far."
76561198124042287,Recommended,498240,25160675,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Knight Captain Otaku,is gud
76561198205642089,Not Recommended,498240,24710498,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,hamza.kharal,Stuck on loading screen after second launch.Wasn't optimized to begin with!!I want my money back!!!!
76561198008874376,Not Recommended,498240,24693200,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,jigar7,I lost all respect for Telltale after purchasing this broken piece of s**t. Pathetic Telltale. Telltale should give out this game for free to all the PC users who pre-ordered this f***** up buggy game. Totally unacceptable.Forget users having full screen issues... The game refuses to even scale to a proportionate resolution... it's just so skewed right now. My specs are way WAY to high for this game... probably that's why it ain't running properly. Plus Telltale login isn't working either.The last game I buy from you telltale. There are other sources to obtain the game for free. You sure as hell don't deserve to get paid for this junk.
,Recommended,498240,24675942,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯ The K-os,"Good game as usual from Telltale. I had no issues with the game, it lagged only once but it fixed it self. Used alt+enter to go fullscreen and im playing it in 1080p no frame rate drops.Since im a batman fan (i just like batman dont know everything about it - played all batman games), the story still has its unexpected outcomes but i just like to play as BATMAN"
76561198049579234,Not Recommended,498240,24721422,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Drambox07,"If you have an Integrated Graphics card watch out. My version of the game was choppy, had gridlines on objects, and was very unresponsive (had to redo combat scenes too many times). I can play every other TellTale game perfectly but this one was an unexpected experience."
76561198056654901,Recommended,498240,24710039,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,John,When can I seduce Vicki Vale?
,Not Recommended,498240,28302111,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,SpookySuper,"I can't possibly review the story line but I'm going to give it something slightly different.As much as I love telltale and absolutely adore the games they bring out, I honestly couldn't play this game, it lagged and it stuttered terribly and I never realised how upsetting it was to not be able to run a telltale game.I will be very upset if TWD S3 is the same as this game because I've been waiting a long time for a new season.it was very disappointing stuttering during an action scene, I honestly want to recommend it because the story seems very well done (seen bits on youtube) but this is the 2nd time I've refunded this game (1st was a mistake on my part).I've never had a telltale game be so difficult to run.(I apologise for how useless this review may seem!)"
76561198134796484,Not Recommended,498240,24695442,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Nick Onion,Broken in all ways imaginable. Telltale better sort this out! I updated my drivers and even with everything on low and only 1280x720 resolution it was running at about 15 fps. If I was you don't by or refund this game until they have fixed it if they don't get your money back. What a disappointment :(
76561198135008577,Not Recommended,498240,24745593,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Le Pepeh,THE GAME WONT ♥♥♥♥ING RUN FOR♥♥♥♥♥♥ IT KEEPS ♥♥♥♥ING CRASHING
,Not Recommended,498240,25847984,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Mr. Grizzly,"What a s***stain of a gamehere are my specs before I start raging.GPU: Geforce GTX980 TiCPU: Intel Core i7-6700K CPU @ 4.00GHzRAM: 16GBSYS: Win 10So I did something that I normally don't do, and that was to go against all the angry and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off reviews, why you might ask? Well because I found it very hard to believe that a company like Telltale could ♥♥♥♥ up a game beyond repair and then not give a flying♥♥♥♥♥♥about it after.Since I had played a lot of their games before I decided that it had to be people's computers... Well... Let's just say I was about to experience a buttfu**ing of a lifetime, I didn't even get into the actual gameplay before I experienced something that made me want to yell in rage, and that led me to this very negative but also very true review, and that is constant stutter/lag. it is like the fu**ing game is doing a robot dance that I didn't ask it to do.now I paid about 22€ for this piece of something brown and smelly and I am definitely going to be asking for a refund, and telltales... I will never look at you the same... ""#¤%%!"
76561198021750135,Not Recommended,498240,28363805,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dark Joy,"It's my second Telltale game since Tales from Borderlands and i must say Tales is much better then this one. As a fan of Batman and his history it hurts to see how well known characters play roles they are not suppose to so writers can make a story from nothing. It takes time to adapt.Another issue to me is that some of my choices doesn't work like i thought. I always think of choices in Telltale's game as a double-edged sword: you may benefit in some way but lose in another and vise versa. But in this game some of your choices may lead you into nothing but downgrade.Like decision to keep Lucius in Wayne Ent. to spy. Not a single good thing come up from this. And on top of all i was going into final part of Ep 5 in old prototype Batsuit without toys and everything. Thanks Telltale!Some can say it is what make choices matters, but again i expect different.Really i can't recommend or not recommend this game. The story is enthalling but it is another Elseworld story just like in cinematic universe. Gameplay is interesting but it's Telltale game. Nothing you've never seen. They promised more of detective work and yet it's same amount like in Arkham Asylum. Yeah, the first one. They promised a choice to go as Batman or Bruce Wayne. It appears two times throughout all 5 episodes not including ridiculous choice in the very end.The game is still good but my expectations were more high.Not recommended unless you are fan of Batman AND Telltale.P.S.Ending sucks.So you plan to make season 2?Guess it's justify not to put your backs into season 1 story."
,Recommended,498240,26230528,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Kawasaki Teriyaki Anarchy,"Ok, so far 3 episodes are out and I'm not sure if I have faith in this game anymore or not but I shall play it to the end.Now onto the review!Chapter 1: I'm really feeling it! Wow this is really well done I have faith in this game, uhh Penguin looks a little young I mean he is practically a completely new character but thats cool, telltale have basically written their own lore and I'm cool with that. The combat and how you can plan your moves ahead and detective work was shown off really well!Chapter 2: Ok so far so good, I felt like I really had choice in this episode and I tried my best to keep Harvey on my side and I won't get into spoilery details but yeah... this episode was interesting definitely. It felt on par with the first episode, the ending scene at the court house was really fun.Chapter 3: Well ok. This episode was a bit slow not much happened compared to the last two, still enjoyable however I'm getting that old classic telltale feeling that my choices don't matter as much as I think they do, not gonna get into details but I noticed at least 3 things that were complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, doesn't seem like I have much influence on the game after all however the story still interests me despite its inconsistencies.Chapter 4 - Will update laterChapter 5 -Side note:I've noticed that some characters and a lot of the batman lore have almost been rewritten to the point where you can barely relate them to the original and I know a lot of the die hard fans find this insulting however personally I really don't mind that much, its telltale's game and they seem to be doing their own thing with the batman name and i'm cool with that honestly."
,Recommended,498240,24690691,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Atlas,Punch some face with extremely hardcore and loud sound effect ... Breaking a concrete floor make no sound at all. 10/10
,Recommended,498240,24691864,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Witty Fox,"Don't get fooled by the negative reviews. I was waiting for this game and it is awesome. I saw a lot of people saying that they get 10 FPS max or its buggy as hell, stuff like that. The game had stable fps it never droped. Story is very good. I don't know why so many people say its unplayable or laggy. I didn't had an issue at all. I really recommend this game.Im also super excited about Episode 2. Waiting for it ~"
76561198019265794,Not Recommended,498240,26212264,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,M4RK,Full Controller Support...Triggers don't work
76561198043177952,Recommended,498240,26327228,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,NathanD,A great Telltale title with a good Batman story . Recommend .
,Not Recommended,498240,25811504,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,߷TheSpoi߷,If teltale fixed the framerate this game would be fun but i do not recommend because framerate nearly killed me
,Recommended,498240,24716932,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ZGrinch,"I beat a man with a pipe, then broke his arm.  Another guy I impaled on a piece of broken rebar.  10/10"
,Not Recommended,498240,24673920,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,yuerica20,"This game gives me the worst first impression ever. If you can't fix all the problems, then don't freaking release it at all!!"
76561198018679641,Not Recommended,498240,29494791,Posted: 25 January,all,Phenom,I can't even run the game even at it's lower settings and I don't have a Nvidia graphic card nor can I afford one. Money well spent.
,Not Recommended,498240,26319166,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Pre-Cum King,"If you want a game that's almost unplayable because it lags, then go ahead. Buy this game."
76561198276720107,Recommended,498240,25537425,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,weetard809,besides the framerate issue its still a good game.
,Recommended,498240,26229867,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Prash,"In contrast to the Arkham games, we get to spend more time being Bruce Wayne."
,Not Recommended,498240,34779691,Posted: 6 September,all,King_Diddlez,"The first 3 episodes I liked, but when the fourth and fifth episodes came out I did not like at all.  As a Batman fan, I thought this was going awesome, but Telltale does what they always do and makes the illusion that choices matter.  In my opinion this a terrible version of Batman.  The first three episodes of the season I think did a good job of making Telltale's version of Batman but several scenarios I thought were too quick for the story.  In the end, if you are not a big fan of Batman or you are a more open minded Batman fan then you will probably like this game.  But if you are big Batman fan like me you probably going to hate it."
,Not Recommended,498240,25299226,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,OMarm,"One crash, one refund. Go NIGHT KNIGHT."
,Not Recommended,498240,24687546,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mk,game is very laggy.........even in high perfomance settings.....fix this or remove this telltale......
76561198069637911,Recommended,498240,26241031,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,NiGHTSfan,This is one of the other great telltale games ive played and i love the story and even though there isnt much fighting scenes i still love the story of the game and the acting is amazing
,Recommended,498240,24681962,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TacoPasta,"This is really good, I had no performance issues at all and was able to play the first episode in one sitting.recommended if you are interested in superheroes and their backstories"
76561198116756594,Not Recommended,498240,24684128,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Pagefile21,"***!!! NO ULTRAWIDE SUPPORT WITH FOUR BLACK BARS IS INEXCUSABLE IN 2016 DO NOT BUY FOR NOW !!!***Putting aside that the game runs fines with a stutter every once in a while, but that is nothing new with Telltale. Great game so far! Loving the focus on Bruce Wayne. This game is for comic book fans, so that means that the kiddies that pretend to be comic book fans will whine about how much less action there is like in the Arkham Games. First episode is great, but it can feel cheap sometimes. Telltale is a small studio yes, but with such a big license there is no excuse for laughably bad lazy scenes. The final fight with the rain looked abseloutely gorgeous, so I know this game has the potential. Hopefully a negative backlash won't cause the later episodes to be any worse in production quality. The story is what really matters for me, so if it keeps up like this I will be satistifed. Episode 1 is a 7/10I know a fix will probably be made in a couple of days before Episode 2 by some modder since devs are too incompetant, but the lack of ultra-wide support makes me not recommend it."
76561198074537970,Not Recommended,498240,24736621,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,John,"Game flat out won't load past the opening thing with the bat symbol. After I ""click to begin"" it sits on an endless black screen. It's also defaulting to windowed mode for some ungodly reason. I get so sick of horrible pc ports man."
,Recommended,498240,24697198,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mag1ll,Game was awesome.
76561198060863894,Recommended,498240,24675663,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sagerspook,If you are upset by the Mouse and Keyboard controls being♥♥♥♥♥♥ use a controller. It's not that hard.
76561198188864682,Recommended,498240,24697431,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,CanO,"Magnificient start!Running issues aside, this is the second best Batman game after Arkham City as far as I felt from playing part 1. The plot is very strong and brilliantly written considering they had to write additional stories for each decision. If you are stuck between this game and Arkham Knight, and if you care about story this is the game for you. Apart from that, the soundtrack and the usage of music and silence throghout dialogue is just perfect. I can't rather talk about the impacts of decisions since the other parts aren't released yet, nevertheless as far as I can understand from character reactions, it seems very promising. Furthermore, the ability to play as Bruce Wayne is very innovative and creates a new perspective for the Batman games. I really loved Bruce Wayne parts since it helps you to emphatize how hard his life actually is just like TDK Triology and it makes it incredibly realistic. I totally recommend this game if you can run it!"
76561198078945211,Recommended,498240,24718827,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,scotty122219,"It's running great now and the story is well crafted. The gameplay is pretty solid too, nothing quite like putting badguys in hospital beds. This is a safe purchase for an excellent time with lots of replay value"
,Recommended,498240,24719359,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Nicmyster,"I personally think Episode 1 was great, Telltale played the story to people knowing the source material while adding naturally arriving detail for new comers. I personally did not expierence any issues with the game except for one moment where i tried accessing the Codex inside the story and it didn't let me out.. I lost 2 minutes of since previous autosave.. Episode 1 has presented itself as a promsising story and i am looking forward for the next chapter... 8/10"
,Not Recommended,498240,25568228,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ageofcrysis,"First time I played it worked fine, however second time I tried getting in the game it doesn't go past the white screen."
76561198131937272,Recommended,498240,24725606,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Royo,"Holly Molly, this game is the game we deserves, and the one we needs right now."
,Not Recommended,498240,29109053,Posted: 7 January,all,moist blanket,"Gameplay-wise the game played adequately as I've had no real FPS issues whatsoever (GTX 960, 8GB, i7 6700) . The voice acting was pretty good as usual except for one particular character:Joker.  The story however, just did not interest me at all to the point where I would find myself spacing out during dialouge. For a game so reliant on story and dialouge this a huge issue. For that reason I can't really recommend it unless its on sale at a very low price."
,Recommended,498240,25695809,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Cplcash,"I have no problems with this game, can't for the life of me think why others do, maybe there PC's are in need of upgrades LOL"
76561198061665441,Not Recommended,498240,24698195,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,dannys,Unplayable in current release.
76561198142706278,Recommended,498240,26246604,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,lorne malvo,i wish i had a video card 4 it
,Recommended,498240,25844544,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,SkyFighter96,"those people that are saying OMG its unplayable on 720p can go and fu** themselves, throw they ""potato"" (pc) out of the window and go buy better pc because game is so good. its running so smoothly. only bad thing about this game is that they could add episodes more often."
,Not Recommended,498240,34138407,Posted: 9 August,all,MiniMe,"Just had to ask for a refund. Of the first maybe 20 minutes, 3 minutes are complete blackscreen (only the ""choose your option"" is visible from time to time) and a few more minutes show half the screen black and the upper part shows a static picture.I do have Intel integrated graphics which Telltale does not recommend. But I also have every other Telltale game and they run without issues.So .. I don't know if my computer is the problem, but I do know that I play tons and tons of games on it without any issues."
76561198082472324,Not Recommended,498240,25647650,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,SakkoTheTaco,Batman: Arkham Knight at launch ran better than this...
,Not Recommended,498240,26369959,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,i_beat_zombies,Laggy af. Unplayable :-/
,Not Recommended,498240,33101060,Posted: 1 July,all,ايفان,GTX 1050 and it lags.. What the Hell?
,Recommended,498240,24704251,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,dude still gonna flippin send it,"Aside from bad lip sync, the game was amazing. Great story, fun gameplay which had more than just QTEs and incredible voice acting."
76561198074663603,Recommended,498240,24707150,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Circus4APsycho,"Episode 1 Reviewed 4/08/2016 (AUS)A Promising Start...When i first heard of Telltale developing a batman game using their style of story telling i thought to myself ""That's a peculiar choice"" (Considering their past titles like The Walking Dead, The Wolf Among Us & Game of Thrones). However, so far this has been a refreshing breakaway from those worlds and taking on the Batman Universe is definetly grasping another portion of the audience. Now let's get to why you are here.PerformanceI only began playing the first episode after a few small updates were released (like the 2-40mb ones) so improvements could have been significant to non-existent. Regardless on my system which i will list briefly underneath this topic was mostly good. I hear of some codex bug but i have not encountered it and the only real complaints are the sometimes stuttery cutscenes. Audio is well in sync with movements, no crashes or freezes and framerate never dipped below 80 for me (on G-sync). Now my rig is fairly good, not beastly but a good gaming PC so anyone using a decent gaming PC should be fine. I cannot speak for integrated graphics because well.. why would i use it when i have a dedicated graphics card?Specs: Win7 64bit, i7 3770, GTX 970, 16GB DDR3.My Pros & Cons (So far)+ A bold move after arkham Knight :P+ Simple yet satisfying detective work+ Playing as both Batman & Bruce Wayne+ A Batmobile that transforms into a sports car+ Morality choices that have a larger affect on your story- Shift + Q or E QTEs? maybe because i grew up using a console it is a bit harder for me on K/M but thats a bit annoying.- Slightly too short timer for some of the QTEs. but that might just be me- The batmobile looks a little boring but the fact it transforms is a nice feature- The game shortcut you create doesnt work for me (have to open game in library)- Game launches everytime asking Win7 or Win8+... really? come on.- No apply option for Resolution until you go back to the main menu then you get the prompt to apply it.The VerdictOnly episode one is available at this time but i like the way this game is going, hopefully the future episodes are even better. So if you are on the fence about buying this game, well you could wait until it's on sale or maybe get a friend to buy it and overwrite his or her saves :P. However so far i do recommend this game to Telltale fans and batman fans, although what kind of batman you are into may provoke consideration."
,Recommended,498240,26913191,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EVERYBODY,"I am going to try to keep this short. Those who put negative reviews because of ""performance issues"" are lying, the game never had any performance issues, I played it, through episode 1-4 (currently) with NO performance issues, crashes etc. The game runs perfectly fine, so don't really believe these people when it comes to ""performance issues"" thus giving it a negative review.Music - 9/10Sound - 9/10Voice acting - 10/10 (troy baker as Batman)Storyline 10/10Gameplay - 10/10 (Huge fan of Tell Tale games, their pretty much a mini series, like a tv show, but really enjoyable.Negatives- At times, through episodes 1-4 Batman will be talking but his lips won't move.- Tell Tale screwing up the release date of Episode 4 and not telling us untill 8-9hrs into the supposely release of episode 4. Tell Tale needs to be more vocal about their release times / delays on steam to avoid angering the consumers.Highly recommended if you LOVE Batman. Truly an amazing twist on Batman, and god I love punching Oswald :P"
,Not Recommended,498240,26340701,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Luda,Crashes after crashes and more crashes
76561198095494083,Not Recommended,498240,34283948,Posted: 16 August,all,Mr. Meeseeks,"Save your money. Stuttering, mass frame drops and freezing are common occurances for most that play this game, even those with good specs."
,Recommended,498240,24983248,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Quaintman,This Game Is Extremely Fun! Espeacailly if you like these kind of games. You can literally be any kind of batman/Bruce wayne you want. Cant wait tell I get the season pass so i can play the other episodes.
76561198117398775,Not Recommended,498240,24988997,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Scorpion3,So before i can play i have to update a lot of stuff and i dont know how. gj tt
,Not Recommended,498240,28974418,Posted: 3 January,all,Scrubshark,"This game is just another run of the mill lazy TTG trashEverytime i see: This game is tailored to the choices you make, the game adapts to how you play. I feel like rolling myself in barbed wire and then sit in a pile of salt just to forget the horror and anguish of reading that obvious lie.You're lazy Telltale. Lazy and you ♥♥♥♥ off in my book."
76561198173274807,Recommended,498240,25581120,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Gunta the Wonder Crab,"I think its a very good game. A lot of people are expieriencing bugs, but its working fine for me. i think they happen to some people but not to all people.  if you love batman, i would strongly reccomend"
,Not Recommended,498240,34407837,Posted: 21 August,all,Khaleesi,"I wanna preface this by saying I'm a big fan of narrative/choice-driven stories and Telltale in particular. I have played several of their games and often suggest my friends do the same.I really didn't care about this game. To me, this story fell short of many things, but mainly, being interesting. Telltale games usually hook me right away, but after three episodes, I still wasn't dedicated enough to the characters or story to wanna keep playing. Maybe I'm just tired of visiting and revisiting Bruce's bummer backstory and inability to cope with his guilt complex. Or maybe I just don't care about stories that aren't, I don't know, compelling?I really enjoyed the voice actors (Travis Willingham especially) but as Telltale only has like five I could have played any other game and had a better time with it. The story felt formulaic, though I guess there were a couple of twists I didn't see coming and I thought Harvey Dent's storyline was well done. I also appreciated what they were trying to do with the crime scene puzzles/fight choreography stuff but I dunno, it felt like more of the same: uninteresting.I'm also getting really sick of my choices not actually making a difference. Especially when this is pretty much Telltale's biggest selling point.I considered begrudgingly recommending this game. Then I realized I literally forget about it when I tell people to play Telltale games in real life, so no, I won't be recommending it here, either."
76561198194446139,Not Recommended,498240,24947520,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,dezaraemedley,"Oh, i got it to play, but its so slow and there are these black lines that make it impossible to play. i wish i could get a refund and buy it for Xbox."
,Not Recommended,498240,28353827,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,mbradley1992,"I was going to recommend the game, despite it's flaws, until I couldn't finish Episode 4 due to technical issues. I'm done.This game has been out for months. At launch, Episode 1 was stuttery and choppy on a pretty beefy PC. Now, months later, not only is it still choppy, but I've gotten 4 hard crashes just on Episode 4. I can't even restart the episode because it won't load. I'm happy that it seems like many issues were fixed for some people, but this game still has performance problems.The story is weak. They try to do some ambitious things, but most of it falls flat or seems like they rushed the game out and tied up story lines loosely. The gameplay itself is unchanged from recent Telltale games and feels uninspired.I'd honestly skip this, even if you're a major Batman fan. Just replay one of the Arkham games. It's time better spent."
76561198067944796,Recommended,498240,24692862,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,GEOXSSJ,I'm sorry that other are having problems playing the game but the is awesome and I'm very excited for episode two.
76561197991255572,Recommended,498240,24690672,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,ONI,"Only played about 20 minutes of the game, but I can tell I'm going to enjoy this! The game runs fine for me, no problems at all! If your a fan of the Telltale series like me then you'll love this.Edit: So I finished the first episode last night! Loved it! Cannot wait for the Second Episode to be released! Didn't run into any graphic issues at all! Don't let the negative reviews bring this game down, if your a fan of Batman or Telltale games or BOTH then I would highly recommend this!"
,Recommended,498240,24692784,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,BlinxVibro,"Amazing! Just finished the first episode this morning and loved it! Can't wait for the next episodes! If you like batman you will like this, or not you decide.... I did have some troubles with running it at first, but simply just restarting my steam fixed it, also pressing play within steam made it work, the application icon is abit iiffy i guess.... But yes a thumbs up for me LOVED IT!!"
,Recommended,498240,24684191,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dank Dog,"I love the perspective this game gives me, a solid 5/7!i don't know why people encountered so many bugs but i sat through the first chapter bug free."
,Recommended,498240,24679216,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Lilu Minayii,I´AM BATMAN.I´AM AWESOME!BUY ME.
76561198171802301,Recommended,498240,24692731,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Redhood,Great game but i can see it controll support but i cant use my.xbox 360 controller 1 help pls
76561198062337556,Recommended,498240,24685423,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,✪GLEEKFREAK✪,"Only like 10 minutes in and I already love it. The story, the gameplay and the quick time events really keep you on your feet! TELLTALE YOU'RE AMAZING :D"
76561198029214733,Not Recommended,498240,24710619,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Khazod / ^Mr°Awkward^,"Unfortunately still unplayable for me. The patch doesn't help. I'm sure the story is fine, but I won't know until this mess is fixed. I can barely get through the first few minutes... the low framerate makes it look as though I am watching a really slow flipbook. As you might imagine dialouge and sound are out of sync with the mess on screen. I really hope this gets fixed soon."
,Recommended,498240,24692868,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,EF,"So far I've found episode 1 pretty entertaining. OOoo can customize your batgear with 1 of 4 colors, wow /s.Typical Telltale game(at least so far), qte's, and possibly the same-old faux-cyoa style choices. Also included is the typical Telltale pick-an-answer and your character says nothing about it nor mentions what you picked at all. IE: picked ""Mayor's being blackmailed"" and butman says something about his father that has no relation to the mayor nor blackmail.Has a somewhat cool link-the-evidence-together system, hopefully they expand on it more and/or make it more complex. They could even make a more non-Butman style detective game with something like this.Still lookin forward to the rest of the season!"
,Not Recommended,498240,24701713,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Drayden,"I can play games like The Witcher 3 and The Division at 1080p60.This?  15fps.  At 1440x900.The story is fine, but even the QTEs were hard to get through with these performance issues.Wait for them to (hopefully) fix the problems before picking this up."
76561198096741956,Recommended,498240,25598169,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,[USSR] BoomerRetrive2,The game is pretty awesome but I'm worried we're going to have to buy each episode as they come out.... I hope someone tells me I'm wrong and has proof.
76561198200645934,Not Recommended,498240,29557863,Posted: 28 January,all,RazorWhite,I can't say I that I like or dislike this game.  It's just kind of meh.
,Recommended,498240,25655530,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Jmh1000,"Playing through the first two episodes, it is pretty good for a 24 buck gameWill update when I play through the last 3"
,Not Recommended,498240,24675781,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,adimic107,"Need Master Bruce Wayne's money to build a PC which can run this game. Totally unplayable , Lagging like hell.EDIT : After recent patch and tweaks ,its working but still have few problems like white screen, can't run in full screen; and yeah NO STATS . Can't find my game in my profile and no achievments and stats."
76561198317601438,Not Recommended,498240,25046680,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Ace Ventura,I cannot even play the first episode. It has been weeks since I downloaded the game after preordering it. I demand this be fixed or refund the price. PC ports are unexceptable nowadays.
,Recommended,498240,24872137,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Crusalis,she♥♥♥♥♥
76561198008057953,Not Recommended,498240,30715139,Posted: 24 March,all,solitas777,"I thought the game was great and I loved the story, the voice acting, the pacing, etc. So what is my problem? Episode 5 is an unplayable mess on my PC. 1-4 worked fine but all the characters have black eyes and it crashes. First telltale game I ever had this happen."
76561198127398654,Recommended,498240,24697652,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Morty,"After playing this game, I am truly impressed on how much this game makes you feel like Batman! The Arkham games did this too, but felt grounded due to the stealth and action oriented gameplay. From the acting to the story and decision making, this game will give you the suspense and action that is expected from most Telltale games! Overall, a good game and can't wait for the next episode!"
,Recommended,498240,24705285,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,MisterDannyPants,Just finished the first episode. If you love story oriented games (or telltale games in general) and Batman you will love this game. Haven't experienced a single crash or any issues. Looking forward to the next episode!
76561198104828740,Recommended,498240,24742522,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,F5AGAMER,good game
,Recommended,498240,24682945,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sylvester Stallone,"EPISODE 1:A lot of players seem to be experiencing a ton of issues and bugs. I am being honest when I say this, I have experienced zero glitches. I was personally intruged with the story, and the Telltale Series artwork works very well with the grim Batman universe. I like the new view that Telltale is adding to the Batman characters and plot. As all great Telltale games do, the foreshadowing is terrific, and I cannot wait for the other four episodes. Overall, with judging the story, artwork, dialouge, and the big choices you have to make, I would give ""Episode 1"" a 9 out of 10."
76561198107925686,Recommended,498240,24731883,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,™CthulhuTheVirgin®,"First episode was really fun and enjoyable, a lot of the times I truly felt like batman, and it was really interesting getting to dive more into bruce wayne and his life, can't wait for the next episodes."
,Recommended,498240,24676529,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Longy9999,"Another fantastic Telltales game, if your a fan of their previous games then you won't be dissapointed with this one.Please note that while the game ran perfectly fine for me it seems that there's a lot of people having issues with fps and stuttering so it might be worth hanging back for a couple of days until a patch is released."
76561198080485325,Recommended,498240,24709366,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Whitz,"Absolutely incredible start from TellTale once again. Started with The Walking Dead and hasnt let me down once again with the likes of the superhero, Batman. If you have played any other TellTale series, you're bound to love this one."
,Recommended,498240,24702391,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,BATTLE BEAST,"Just played through the first episode. Huge fan of Batman as a kid from the comics to the animated series to the movies to the games. This by far is one of the most Batman feeling Batman games out. An original story mixed with Year One mixed in with The Long Halloween and a conspiracy.One of the best things about this game is that we get to make important choices as Bruce Wayne, not just Batman.I haven't come across any performance issues whatsoever but if you are wanting to play this game, make the buy and get a refund if it does not work for you."
,Recommended,498240,24743489,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,DOGGY RUSEV!!! CRUSH!!!,"Everything is great except PC optimalization (deja vu), but still woth playing"
,Recommended,498240,24736967,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,GusDeCooL,"Episode 2 review:hmmm story kinda plain, there is no excitement like in episode 2 :|for a game that main selling point is story, this is a turn off :(-------------------------------------------------------Episode 1 review:AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME, there is no words i can use to express how good this game/stories is.And now i can't wait for episode 2 :("
,Recommended,498240,24708308,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,cloudsalli,"Telltale needs to resolve the matter regarding drops of fps, can't play the game properly."
76561198006844678,Recommended,498240,24728106,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Rantimus_Prime,"The first episode was great! Love the new detective features! The animation was amazing, and the fluff really good!I don't have a high end computer and the game worked really well on high setting.Would recommend this to anyone, Telltale your awesome and you have done another great game!Can wait for episode 2!!!"
,Recommended,498240,24750868,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Commander Thrawn,"https://youtu.be/E-0Nx-XqT9YKeep in mind, this review will be updated along the course of my experience in the game.This review is focused towards Episode 1 (The only episode available currently.)+ Storyline is definitely on par with the movies, comics, etc. I'm looking forward to Episode 2.+ Graphic quality is gorgeous, except for a few choppy frames at the beginning of cutscenes.+ Overall lighting, ambience and environment gives the game that Gotham ""feeling"" to it.+ Choices given to you that'll affect the outcome of the game, make the game all the better to play.+ Unique sarcastic and flirty relationship between Batman and Catwoman just like in the TV shows.- Voice acting was decent, but it would have been a big plus if Telltale had hired Christian Bale or Ben Affleck.- Too short. You can probably finish it in 1-1.5 hours, while The Wolf Among Us lasts just long enough.- Not enough action. There are more cutscenes than the Batman-action we all love from the movies.- Only two main antagonists. Hopefully we'll get to see more villains in the future episodes. (Hint: The Joker)- Rough start when I first downloaded the game, there were multiple issues when the game first became available, mainly involving resolution and many users not being able to play with Windows 10 drivers, bad start on Telltale's part."
,Recommended,498240,24745069,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Cerberus,"I agree this telltale season has hell lot of bugs, crashes, blank screens. Somehow I managed to surpass them.But talking about game, it's upto my expectactions. And I like this Batman timeline and association of Gotham characters with him in a different way."
,Recommended,498240,24733661,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Mars,"one of the best telltale games out, can not wait for the next episode"
,Not Recommended,498240,29883651,Posted: 12 February,all,maitenieks,"I liked the games story, but I can not recommend the game due to its performance issues. Ragular freezes, frame drops and an issue with their cloud save system(turn it off if you o not want to lose your save files) make this game almost unplayable."
76561197982534778,Not Recommended,498240,30200144,Posted: 26 February,all,Asthor,The fact that dialogue choices are timed breaks the fun of playing this game.
,Recommended,498240,28338322,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,knightilus,-Great story telling-Love how familiar characters are introduced-Love how every decision really affects the story
76561198135638186,Recommended,498240,24705553,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ZephyrLuxx,"Good story, great voice acting. Overall an excellent story based game so far, not to mention a really good take on Batman. I was able to play the episode without experiencing any significant issues."
76561198102413021,Recommended,498240,24781287,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Luketor,"The game is fun but is unplayable on laptops. There are lots of qtes that don't register with the lag, however the actual game is awesome, would recomend buying on console"
,Recommended,498240,31522421,Posted: 3 May,all,J0kur,+Everything-Where is Jokur?
,Recommended,498240,24734468,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Para,One of the most difficult choices I had to make in a telltale game...... Which color should I make my Bat-Tech?10/10 would pick blue again.
,Recommended,498240,24752077,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Don Pablo,gr8 story m8
76561197967479399,Recommended,498240,34738936,Posted: 4 September,all,Halgez,A different take on Batman but entertaining.Could be some problems to get a controller to work with the title but if you activate Xbox Configuration Support and Generic Gamepad configuration support it should work fine.
,Recommended,498240,29456189,Posted: 23 January,all,The Kidd,"Telltale's Batman has many strengths, but definitely has it's weaknesses too. I really enjoyed the more tactical look at everything; planning out Batman's attack strategy before I rushed into a fight and so on. However, there were times where this game definitely felt like it dragged. I have, however, noticed this is a trend with Telltale games; it's entirely possible I'm just a bit impatient.Either way, I definitely can confidently reccomend this one. It's a solid batman story, and definitely lets you see into the mind of the caped crusader as we really havent before."
,Recommended,498240,24709828,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,MafiaGoat,Apparently some people cant play this game because of crashes and stuff like that I had a problem to begin with but I just updated my drivers and display adapters and it was ok.The game is amazing with a really good storyline and the fighting mechanic is good as well.So far this is my favourite TellTale game ive played.
76561198284762733,Not Recommended,498240,24785834,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Bekfest,"This is my first Tell Tale game and I loved it at first but then it ended and I looked at my time played and it was only 2 HOURS, for $25 i recommend that anyone waits until all episodes come out or it is on sale."
,Recommended,498240,24971569,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,BigGuy,"First of all, I get to this game with little hope, I only bought it because ""Hey it's a cheap batman game!"". So when I get into the game I have no idea on what to expect. And then I played the game and BOOOOM. My mind sort of explode, I have no idea that batman can fit perfectly in Telltale's game signature gameplay. In the end it was all worth it, and I crave for a new episde...9/10-------AFTER EPISODE 3----------I'm getting into this episode with a quite high expectation, I'm boy I was so right. Compared to the dull Episode 2, this one really showcase the things that Telltale's can do with story-telling, Before I touch this Episode, I've never thought that a story can never be as good as this. You have Bruce Wayne that's just fit into this version of Gotham, and I have never been shock of how this story turns out.....9.5/10"
,Recommended,498240,24712872,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ChikenTwizler,Excellent start to the game! At first I was a little upset because of the games issues on pc but they seemed to fix it in the new update so just ignore the first day review. Awesome start to this game can't wait for more!
,Recommended,498240,28214273,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Relzak,Loads of action and an incredibly good story!
,Recommended,498240,24733059,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,The Smithlord,"Fantastic beginning to a promising new series.First off, I don't know if the negative feedback about performance has ceased but hear this. I'm playing on a 980Ti at 4k and I've had absolutely no issues. I think I read somewhere that the main bulk of complaints were coming from people using integrated graphics. Seriously? Check out the minimum specifications before you buy a game you can't run.Graphics are top notch (for Telltale). Seems they've improved on their engines lighting capabilities. Animation in action scenes is stellar but aside from that it's the typical Telltale janky flair.Not much need be said about gameplay, it's a Telltale game afterall. Quicktime action scenes are in full focus for this one but to be honest it's kinda cool.Story is by far the most exciting aspect. I have not read many Batman comic books but it feels like the world they've built here is fairly unique; with a couple of villains actually being introduced as friends to Bruce.In my experience Telltale's games have always been hit or miss. This one seems like the former."
,Recommended,498240,24703265,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,♫madman♫,"this game is one of the better telltale games. not as light harted as tales form the borderlands but not as sad as the walking dead. i know that the game is too early to tell if it is acually a good game scince only episode 1 has been realesed but so far it has a good story and is one of the more interactive telltale games, whether it is a good thing or bad that is for you to tellPROSgood story (so far)charter progresionit semms like choices mater but is too early too tellaction (of corse it is bat man)CONStoo early to tell is alot of my points are validthe game is very rushed and allthought it is a 10 hour game we could have done with more progression and buld upand besides that i recemend you buy it if you are intrested in an action packed thriller and lets just see where this will take us"
,Recommended,498240,26832011,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MCS.Ranko,"The story might lag at times, but this game is totally a different Batman from the one you know!"
,Recommended,498240,28408094,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Gonza (laser eyes),"Good story but not the best from Telltale. It seemed too focused on setting up the next season.I had not big performance issues as everyone says, just a bit of stuttering here and there.7/10. Really good first three episodes, the last two were ok but not great."
76561198074322635,Recommended,498240,28401143,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,jwanaps,"Batman is a great Telltale's (T/T's) game. I have played all of T/T's games, and believe only The first season of The Walking Dead and Wolf Among Us, could be better.This is a must play for all of Batman fans, and surely will result in season 2 and beyond.9/10"
76561198009418564,Recommended,498240,28362894,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,DeadSpot,"This is one of the best Batman adaptations i ever experienced . Once again , Telltale hits a homerun ."
76561198031541389,Not Recommended,498240,28809999,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,01001000 01001001,Should call it BADman.
76561198170892586,Recommended,498240,24922104,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Echo SD,This game is telltale's take on Batman and it is....................AWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The comabt is good and I can't wait for ep.2. I give it 99/10
,Not Recommended,498240,26758450,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,marekmcmanus,"This game is sort of a mixed bag. I relly enjoy it's story and characters, but the techincal side is bad joke.I got a high end rig and still keep getting frame drops. Between ep2 and 3 I switched from a xbox360 controller to xbox one, now i have the problem, that the trigger buttons aren't working anymore. Every other button works fine...good luck with the finishing moves in those damn QTEs.Today is Nov 23rd, apprently ep4 was released yesterday. Still waiting... Glad TWD-S3 got announced and still no word about the delay... I'm so glad I bought the freaking season pass.Wait till it'S completely released and the kinks are patched out and then grab on a steam sale.Update Nov 25th.RT on XBOX ONE controller still not working in Episode 4"
,Recommended,498240,24817781,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,cyberman,The game is fun. Its a different style of Narritive but I like the take on it so far. I had no Tech problems on getting the game to run however. Several others had. Looking foward to the rest of the episodes!
,Recommended,498240,24717202,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Type To Learn 3,Not a big fan of batman but i love TTG games and this game was awesome. 10/10 would recommend again.
,Not Recommended,498240,25859551,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,xyu,bad optimisation plz fix
,Recommended,498240,24945929,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Onii-chan,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrxFXCujzsIThus far, I recommend this if you're a fan of reading Batman comics.It's not very action-y, but it feels like you're acting out a comic book, which I've found fun thus far.Like all Telltale games, it's ALL quick-time events, and there's a lot of buttons and combinations thereof, so be quick on your feet. You'll miss some. The game seems to be pretty forgiving, though.I can't say too much about this game, though; there's not much to say yet.Buy it and play it. Don't like it? Refund it.I think it's neat."
,Recommended,498240,24945449,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Swager1950,"Just want to say one thing about this  game ...... here it is  "" make  Batman walk like a man , not like he has done someting in his udeware  .............. "" you know what I mean "" if not Email me !"
,Recommended,498240,34135091,Posted: 9 August,all,Rocketman Max,"Telltale once again proves that they're fantastic at story-telling within a more cinematic video game style, along a cartoony style. The Wolf Among Us is still the best one in my opinion, but Batman - The Telltale Series (a very good name for it) comes very close. I have already finished this game on PS4 but since the PC version was so cheap, I thought why not. The game runs much better than it did when it first came out (I played the first episode for free back in November and it was worse than right now).The dialogue is very well written, definitely. The dialogue options are great and sometimes, it was just what I was thinking. I have gotten quite sick and tired of hearing the same voice in many big games (ahem Troy Baker - as the Batman this time (he played the Joker in Batman Arkham Origins) and I do wish he voiced the Joker instead of Batman in this game, or both really. I don't have a problem with Batman's voice, but it's just so... Troy Baker-y. Hopefully you can get where I'm coming from. I mean, take Saints Row IV and Infamous Second Son for instance. They both have the same voice actors, it's like playing the same game. But regardless, it would be great to hear Troy Baker as the Joker in this game though, and sadly that wasn't the case. Troy Baker very very nicely imitates Mark Hamill's voice. While not as good, it is probably the best alternative.The plot twists in this game are very shocking. Just when you think that was it, oh no... the entire story is incredibly interesting and the shocks just keep on coming. The ending of episode 5 did leave a sour taste in my mouth, and I felt very dissatisfyed with my choice. Though it's rather disappointing to see that most of the choices you make during the game make a very small difference to the story. I'd rather not spoil, so you do something and whichever way you do, people still have a bad reaction to it. This happened twice just in episode 1! (I'd have to count all the other times.) Please, if you come into this game, come in with no knowledge whatsoever. Do what you want to do. Even if it may seem like a wrong choice, it will probably be more interesting to the story.I did encounter some bugs, and the graphics aren't great. The game consists of quick time events but overall this game is more of an animated movie than anything else. There are some detective scenes and some scenes where you get to explore a bit like in the other Telltale games. These felt boring and more like filler. Even the planning for fights seem way too long for the short action scene they will provide.Though let's be serious, the whole story was great. It was a very good cinematic experience (you MUST remember, I already played the whole game - all 5 episodes - even if I may [CURRENTLY] have low hours in it).If you are a Batman fan like I am, this game is a must own. And even for anyone who likes great stories, this game is well written, the music is great, and it overall surprised me often.9/10 Must own."
,Recommended,498240,24682997,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dr Steinman,Update your GD Drivers. Game works flawlessly for me. This is basically an interactive Batman comic book. And it does an amazing job at making you feel like the World's Greatest Detective.
,Recommended,498240,24716726,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,GermanAf,"Episode 1:The first episode of the new Batman Telltale Series shows us a new kind of Batman. A Batman whose actions we control. At first he is a mix between the Comic, Arkham Games and Nolan Batman’s but as soon as you reach the warehouse (about an hour or so into the game) you can be the Batman YOU want to be. Be a♥♥♥♥♥♥or a “nice” Guy or be with the press instead of the police.Another new and kind of unseen feature is the “attack planning”. It only happened once in this Episode, but I’m sure it’ll happen more frequent in the next 4. The attack planning happens before you start infiltrating a party and lets you choose different ways of disposing of enemies. When you got all that covered a QTE barrage starts, which is surprisingly entertaining considering it’s a QTE. That may be because it isn’t punishing. If you make a mistake it will be a little bit longer, but it doesn’t automatically kill you (sometimes), so that is very nice. Aaaand that’s it with the Gameplay, the rest is basic Telltale stuff.The story is nice so far as it sheds a new light on the Wayne family and its dealings in the past, and Alfred gets a little more involved into the story instead of just being the butler that fixes him up when he gets his♥♥♥♥♥handed to him.Graphics are okay. The cell shading look is fitting, resolution is okay, could be better, but the animations are sometimes very clunky. Can be overlooked though because it’s mostly during combat.And that’s it for the first Episode. Can’t wait for the second to find more out about the Wayne’s past!"
76561198004066778,Not Recommended,498240,28814282,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Blade,IT SCORES POINTS FOR BEING BATMAN thats about it the animation is so clunky at first i thought i was dropping frames but then i checked and had a smooth 120 fps yet did not look smooth i had audio bugs where i would have to restart the appplication to get my sound back ! apart from bugs and graphics it story is annoying if you are a batman fan by any means they just completly made up their own story using the samn names as my beloved franchise it really annoyed me to see the use of some of the most known consistant batman lore and screw it up hell  evan his parents death was just wrong lol any ways i think this is the worst telltale game ive played so far i loved the walking dead 1 and 2 but they seem to be just massproducing this games now and not making any progress with their games deapths !!
,Recommended,498240,34166629,Posted: 11 August,all,Teardog,Must cop if you are into story driven games
,Not Recommended,498240,34169189,Posted: 11 August,all,Joah,There does not seem to be a lot of options here.WHen I tried to retstart episode one there was only an option to continue.
,Recommended,498240,28389609,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Proxy Fox LIVE auf Twitch,"This was amazing.Played all 5 Episodes in one run and I just loved the Experience.I love, how Bruce Wayne is, if you want to, more important to the Story than Batman. The Characters are all extremely good written and have some exciting new Twists.Also, the fights are, for Telltale Standards, very intense and epic. But I don't want to spoil anything.You dont have to be a Batman Fan to love this Game.And after you played it... you really want to see a second season of this game.tl;drWHERE IS BATMAN SEASON 2?! AND WOLF AMONG US SEASON 2?!"
76561198258086206,Not Recommended,498240,24834083,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,GideonGramme,"How dare you. How dare you make another half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Batman game. You're just like all the others.Episode 2, still phoning it in. Maybe next month it'll be playable."
,Not Recommended,498240,25369692,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,TheBoss_9001 - Бог секса и вина,"I'm a huge Telltale fan (especially after The Wolf Among Us) and was looking forward to playing this one. Sadly for me there's a lot of lag on my rig (AMD A6 7400k 3.5ghz CPU, Radeon R9 200 series GPU and 24gb RAM) at this time. I won't be refunding this because Telltale enjoys a good reputation so I'll hope and trust that they manage to iron out the performance issues that people are experiencing.Fingers crossed they manage to improve it soon and that there's no lingering ill will amongst the community. As the game stands I can't recommend it but I'd gladly change my recommendation at a later date."
76561198278610325,Recommended,498240,24721541,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Bluestride,Dont play with intel graphics...I learnt that the hard way
,Recommended,498240,24678680,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,fayezcol,"First of all I don't know what the h*** people are talking about. The game ran VERY smoothly, It was better than all the previous telltale games that I've played.Secondly, I had a lot of worries about this game but it surpassed my expectations (The first episode at least).The Story  was very intresting, And the 1st episode was intense.LOVED the soundtracks, The (LINK) feature for the detective mode is nice.I would go on but I don't want to spoil things.Though the game had too many QTEs and for some reason the finishing move doesn't work sometimes ( I think they mixed up the RT and RB buttons)and I don't really like the  charactar designs although I very much enjoyed the 1st episode and I hope the next episodes continue to impress.ps. LOVE THE DIRECTING, THANKS KENT MUDLE!"
76561198236715300,Not Recommended,498240,34221848,Posted: 13 August,all,Dark Light,Until they fix the bug that launches teh game and tehn doesnt execute the application im not endorsing this game. See playtime.
,Not Recommended,498240,34332691,Posted: 18 August,all,Comrade Panda,"Story is pretty medicore.  The gameplay choices wouldn't even stay consistent, I chose not to give out someones name early on and later in the game it said I did.  Quite a few times I felt dialogue did not present choices that adhere to how Batman would handle the situation.  They tried to reinvent some of the villians and Batman's story which I can appreciate but they didn't capture the essence of Batman's character.Edit: Also the preformance is still terrible even with the changes still got crazy frame drops at certain points using a 980ti"
,Not Recommended,498240,34256486,Posted: 15 August,all,Stammetje91,"Played two episodes. When I came back for the third one, my savegame was just gone (seems to happen to more people at random moments as well). Including the other technical issues this game has (it does run♥♥♥♥♥♥on all systems), I just can't recommend it. This is actually a bummer, since the story seemed to be quite ok. The universe differs from the movies (old and new), but provides some nice takes on the characters."
,Recommended,498240,28583193,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ssx3000,"Def check out this game, it's lit."
76561198136921846,Recommended,498240,25169021,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Bend The Knee,the game is great if you are a batman fan and it is better then there other games to
76561198074875921,Recommended,498240,28293206,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DemMemes,"Let me just start off. THIS GAME IS NOT FOR EVERYONE. If you are a huge DC or Batman fan then you will love this game. If you aren't really into DC or Batman then why are you here?Pros:Game has a deep story behind itCharacters are great and you get attatched to themCan actually be a detectiveA Great VillianGraphics are good for a TellTale gameChoices effect later on in the gameCons:Performance issues (Even with a GTX980 Ti)Episodes are too shortQuick Time Events (Too many)Some choices have no effect at allNot enough Batman in Episode's 1, 2 and 3Even though I really enjoy this game, not every game is perfect.Rating: 8 / 10Thanks for reading :)"
76561198059985385,Recommended,498240,28271371,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,crippled grandpa,Really great story! Always has me at the end of my seat!
76561198146731171,Recommended,498240,34599513,Posted: 29 August,all,mcfamily2013,"A little shorter than I was expecting, and the playstyle is, well a telltale playstyle. Good enough but now quite the Arkham games level of fun.However, the story itself is rather amazing. Worth taking a trip down a path you wouldn't expect the playboy millionaire to go down. It's the redeeming factor, and good enough to make this a must buy."
76561198116751879,Recommended,498240,24978699,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,assassinowl,Love this game great first episode cant wait for the next episode. I did't expirience any issues
76561198065256202,Recommended,498240,24987415,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,klutz29PSN,"Don't shake his hand, trust me."
76561197994993134,Recommended,498240,24710320,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Troubled Soul 0,"I was really surprised to hear that this game had problems upon release as the only issues I had was a minor stutter during the credit sequence, admittedly I usually run the game in 720p as I'm using my TV hooked to my 2011 build PC and I'm always reluctant to push the old thing too hard, I'm running it on an AMD Phenum 3.3ghz with 16g ram and a 2g GTX 750ti"
,Recommended,498240,24710351,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,MikeGrim,Despite early PC performance issues the first eposide followed in suit with the rest of telltales games and delieverd a fun and engaging story
76561198102246798,Not Recommended,498240,34132191,Posted: 9 August,all,Lt Frank Drebin,Alfred has a floating wig!WTF is with that?
,Recommended,498240,26021441,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,MC1173,"Has both good and bad.Good - I like the graphic style- Adaptive story line based on your descisions.Bad - Not a lot of choices to be made.- Not much for controlling the caracter.Feels more like watching a cartoon, than actually playing a game.Add more choice frequencies.Add more in game play.Still feel it is fun to play."
,Not Recommended,498240,34197992,Posted: 12 August,all,MrAgLi,"I don't hate it. I just wouldn't recommend it.First and foremost, I will always be a DC fanboy, but never are Batman's. Nonetheless, this storyline is bad, even for the biggest comic book plot armor knight. Not super bad, just bad when compared to other Batman's and Telltale story. Also, I know in the comics and all of Batman's incarnation Catwoman has always been the loveline, still it was annoying to be shoved into a relantionship that I don't want to be with.I was kinda okay the part where you can friendzone her, or protect your friendship with Harvey, but good god, I actually want to be with Vicki before I know the twist. It would have been much more of an ouch if it were such so.However, that was not the worst thing in the game. It was the characters and voice acting.Why the ♥♥♥♥ was I watching Archer from the TV? He looks like him, sounds like him, and you can even act like him(which is fun actually). Then, we'll talk about Harvey Dent. He is such an egomaniac, a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and pathetic. Penguin suddenly Irish, why? Is it because that's the only actor you can pay? That doesn't even makes any sense, because you can pay an Asian half of his payment.Don't recommend it. Go buy The Wolf Amongs Us, Tales from Borderlands, or any of The Walking Deads(preferbly chronologically)."
76561197968900949,Not Recommended,498240,34225584,Posted: 13 August,all,Panthermodern23,BUGMAN - TEH HELL FAIL SERIESwhat a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥  why are batman games cursed now?
76561197982748203,Not Recommended,498240,34269702,Posted: 15 August,all,[oo]FerretFace,"I can run Witcher III @ 60fps with the graphics maxed out, but this game constantly stutters and pauses.  This is a real problem for a game in which timing your actions is very important."
,Recommended,498240,29837821,Posted: 10 February,all,st. marius,excellent game.
76561198329210043,Recommended,498240,31463148,Posted: 30 April,all,Soap,"good story, but in my opinion the consequences of our decision the impact is not too great"
76561198015363408,Recommended,498240,24676610,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,DizZyY,Great Game!
,Recommended,498240,32035945,Posted: 28 May,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
76561197978154470,Recommended,498240,24691697,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,panda2air,"My laptop runs this game fine.+ Batman & detective work!+ Interesting story+ Well balance between Batman & Bruce Wayne+ Political scenes with tension- Overused stuffs for Batman's fans like conversation between Bruce & Alfred, Batman & Gordon- It's early years of Batman... AGAIN!!Overall: It's good but not great.7.5/10"
76561198002100349,Recommended,498240,24679196,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,BOT Rave,its good
76561197985323369,Recommended,498240,24679354,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,RumpleSmoothSkn,"So far so good here. None of the issues others are reporting. Another great Telltale game here. Running gtx 1080 sli with most recent drivers. Playing game in 4k, full screen no issues. No lag, voice is spot on and so far the action and story is a good mix. I wouldnt let some of theses bad reviews sway you from buying it. if your a Telltale fan, this batman is top shelf!"
,Recommended,498240,24680070,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,acole90,"Good game but my god are there problems. Controller support being the main one, many actions just do not work with a controller and these need to be fixed before the next episode. Had a couple other bugs but generally still a very enjoyable story and cannot wait for the next episode (just please, please sort the controller support out)"
,Recommended,498240,24689117,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,FistofThor,Episode 1 was awesome. I didnt run into any bugs nor did i have fps drops
76561198084611225,Recommended,498240,24680117,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,VotingChipmunk,"So a lot of people seem to be having issues with this game. I for one did not have that many issues. In fact I only had one issue where the game bugged out and got stuck on the Codex screen at the Bat Computer. Other than that, no crashing, no lip sync issues, no FPS drops except during loading screens but that's a given.So for the game itself, it's really well done for a first episode. It already makes me wanna play the second episode right now. The graphics are TellTales graphics, if you've played one then you know what it will look like. There are far more QTE's than I expected, but I haven't played Tales from the Borderlands or Minecraft Story Mode so I'm sure it's not the first. That said, the gameplay is basically any other TellTale game, so if you've played one, you've played them all Gameplay wise.The story, well I don't wanna spoil it, but do not expect it to be like the Arkham Games. This game has choices that do matter for the story.I would heavily recommend buying this game, but since so many other people seem to be having issues, it would probably be a safe bet to wait for a Patch, however, I will still recommend this game.My final rating for Episode 1; 9.5/10 (0.5 points docked for the bug with the Bat Computer)After finally beating the game, I can heavily recommend this to anyone who loves TellTale games and Batman. Getting to be Batman and be a♥♥♥♥♥♥to people is oddly really fun. More so because I'm making Bruce Wayne be the biggest jerk there is."
76561198116829953,Recommended,498240,24680363,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,B3Y0ND,"The game by default uses your integrated graphics card. Nvidia users: 1. use the Nvidia control panel, 2. manage 3d settings, 3. program settings, 4. select batman, 5. select nvidia high-performance processor. The game works for me now."
,Recommended,498240,24684145,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ProductOfCulture,"Another great Telltale game. There were quite a few things that I just did not expect when it comes to the story, things I don't want to ruin in a review. Just know that if you've read a lot of Batman, this will do things you won't expect. I'm playing this shortly after release, noticed a bug when viewing the codex and not sitting at the terminal as well as some missing sound effects during the final combat scene of Episode 1. Can't wait to see what the future brings!"
76561198034078333,Recommended,498240,24684600,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,jonnytentoes,"The game that makes you bruce Wayne/ Batman. I would talk more about it but all the reviews are about performance. I don't know what potatoes these other reviewers are running but my performance was flawless and i only had one crash. I didn't experience any other bugs.But back to the game.It's great, from kicking♥♥♥♥♥as the Batman to navigating the sociopolitical scene as bruce Wayne you will feel like the man himself. Also alot of great opportunities to be the reserved batman or the brutal badass he can be.All in all episode one was a bit short but very enjoyable. The voice talant is on point, many known characters are here but not over done like alot of other comic related media.A good first impression and i highly recommend it."
76561198146471227,Recommended,498240,24688419,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,jassem100,"I loved the game, it had everything i wanted (action,detective work, and the batmobeal), this game was an amazing experience, I can't wait for ep 2."
,Recommended,498240,24690092,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Tubesteak,"Not sure why people are having issues, but I just ran it for about 10 minutes and didn't have a single glitch. Game is smooth, graphics are sweet and the gameplay is quick and fun. Looking forward to really getting into this."
,Recommended,498240,24694215,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,steev,"I've read a ton of the comics, 100%'d all the Arkham games, watched all the movies and animated tv series, so you'd think by now that a story driven game would just feel like more of the same, but Telltale does a great job of bringing something new to the table. It still has some very fimilar themes to it, but by centering the story around Bruce Wayne and not Batman it shows us a side of the character that most aren't use to. I also enjoy the fresh take on some characters, which I won't spoil. Telltale is willing to take risks on crafting their own Batman, which is what gives the story strength. The only real complaint I have is that it is too short, which is what can be said for almost any Telltale game as of late. Overall it is a strong first entry into the franchise.Also I've been seeing some complaints about crashes and bugs. The only problem I had with the game was that viewing the Codex before it asked me to would get me stuck in it. When it asked me to view it, I was able to back out of it. Other than that one problem, which I did have to restart the game for (hopefully a patch will fix it soon), I had no problems running the game."
76561197970998989,Recommended,498240,24679501,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,[AZT] Maragoth,"Really great episode. Interesting plot, great characters. Had no problems while playing it except the ""stuck in the codex""-bug in the batcave. No lags, no crashes. Like the updated graphics."
,Recommended,498240,24679925,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dark Wolf,"I love telltale and I love batman, thus i love this game. I had not real problems with the game but it seems some Hardware has a hard time running it for some strange reason. Be wary of the problems the games has before buying it. I'm sure everything will start working again soon."
,Recommended,498240,24680166,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,goot in booties,"I heard that this game was really buggy on PC after I finished the first episode. The only thing that was weird was the menu for switching resolutions, but after 45 seconds I figured it out. I played with a mouse and keyboard so I did not have a problem with the controller mapping obviously.As for the game itself I really enjoyed it, I have been a big fan of telltale since the walking dead season 1. I liked both seasons of the walking dead, the wolf among us and tales from the borderlands, I did not care much for the Game of Thrones game. The story was very interesting and it seemed like the QTEs were faster and the animations were more fluid. I am a big fan of Batman so I'll be eagerly awaiting the next episodes.two thumbs up!"
76561198140936780,Recommended,498240,24680432,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,CetZiZ,"The game seems to be buggy for a LOT of people...not for me though. At some points, you might hate Bruce because he'll say the opposite of what you want but I guess you can't do a big change in the story. There was no controller support though while it says ""Full controller support"" up there (Might be Steam controller only?). You already saw that blue thumbs up and I'll tell you...it's because the game thinks that I'm the World's Greatest Detective. \(ov o )/"
76561198010612160,Recommended,498240,24680463,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Bjørn,"Typicall Telltale game is that you choose what the person say or react. It's a Indie game.The graphic are drawings layd in 3D.Cool voices and cool story so far, but it's telltale games....Bit slow sometimes, so I recommends a high perf. computer for this game.Overall score 7 of 10."
,Recommended,498240,24685720,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Hetsumani,"Well, as usual, everyone's complainig about bugs instead of focusing on the game itself. For the record, I only stumbled on two bugs, wich were not even near game braking, just a hiccup.The game feels like a Tell Tale Game, wich, for any fan of the company, I would thinks is a good thing. The story is good, more Bruce-centered than other Batman games wich, for me at least, is a good thing.Don't listen to the whiners out there, if you like Batman and Telltale your in for a good time."
,Recommended,498240,24685878,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Juan Diablos,"Worked fine for me, first episode is pretty good and I'm excited to see where it goes. Thanks TellTale!"
76561198017659661,Recommended,498240,24687215,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Panda,runs perfectly on my 980tiamazing start to the seriesall the voice actors are top notchaction is smooth as the wind
,Recommended,498240,24688678,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Al,"I personally only had a small issue with the Codex which stayed on my screen causing me to have to restart the game; other than that no intended issues.I appreciate that there's more combat in this TTG, even if it's in the form of QTE's; at least they're expected to be executed a bit faster than what I experienced in the TWD. The main cast of characters are likeable, well acted and interesting but at the cost of secondary characters having little screen time and having lower textured models. It's a strong first episode for the series but I feel that I'm already skeptical of Telltale's ""Your choices matter"" cliche put on all their games start when I choose a non-violent path and later still get ridiculed for ""nearly killing"" the person I was so self-restrained with.I don't expect this to be a masterpiece after the recent games of Telltale which I believe to be quite dull and only bought it because of my interest in Batman and the DC Universe; I only hope they don't pull off the same overused plot-driving techniques, arcs and twists that they've been recycling ever since the unexpected success of The Walking Dead Season 1."
76561198029376712,Recommended,498240,24694625,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,rsharipov666,"The game worked well for me. Maybe the reason was that I have updated the graphics drivers before playing or that I was playing it on the GTX 970. The framerates were high, I experiences only one crash and it was the time when Steam itself crashed, so I don't know whether the problem was with the game or with Steam.The game itself turned out to be quite an accurate representation of Batman canon and atmosphere. This game is on the same level as the best of the games produced by Telltale, such as The Walking Dead series."
76561197988935391,Recommended,498240,24679111,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Steew,"[POSSIBLE SPOILERS]Positive: Awesome action and a decent story is building up.You get to see more how Bruce handles the media and upper class of Gotham instead of just Batman.They seem to be building something huge when it comes to the plot and maybe everything is not as it seems which causes extreme curiosity which makes me just wanna keep playing, but alas, gotta wait for the next episodes.Negative: They pulled a GOTHAM(tv series) and showed multiple villians early on who don't really represent the character they are meant to be physically or timeline wise. I get it that it's their own story on the BATMAN but when you've seen it so many times it's difficult to adjust and change that doesn't make sense to a long time fan.They also kept the murder of Bruce's parent in again. It's a crucial part of what makes Batman, Batman... but when you've seen it a thousand times before it gets old."
76561198173384821,Recommended,498240,24680066,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TMS_ISOLATION,Very good game! Story is well driven and the quick-time events are done surprisingly well. Running it on a gtx 960 at a smooth 1080p 60fps. I'm looking forward to episode 2's release. 9/10.
,Recommended,498240,24685791,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,𝔅𝒾𝓫𝓵ⅇ𝓜𝓪𝓷,I ran this game at 60 FPS and I was streaming on top of that. IDK what the ♥♥♥♥ you plebs are talking about. Get a Computer that was made after the year 1996.
,Recommended,498240,24686407,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,EXTERMINATION,"Would buy if you are a Batman or Telltale fan.This game was worth the price and I have already put in a lot of hours in this game. I feel the story and characters are perfect and the choices you have to make difficult, the experience playing as Batman in this Telltale experience is entertaining and thrilling!I have no issues running this game as other reviews are reporting, my computer is able to run this game perfectly with no hiccups (crashes, out of sync, lag spikes) I have also recorded my gameplay using a program for over an hour without any issues."
,Recommended,498240,24679305,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TheMirakuru,"Game crashed 2 times, turning off cloud save fixed that problem for me though.The story had a lot of potential and i am looking forward to playing the rest, also Troy Baker's batman is pretty darn good."
76561198035748441,Recommended,498240,24679326,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Feldorh,"I have had no issues (60fps), though I understand that there is an issue and feel for those experiencing game breaking issues. I've really enjoyed the first episode and hope that Telltale can fix these issues quickly, there is a well crafted and interesting story on offer, just hope everyone is able to experience it."
76561198253360341,Recommended,498240,24679630,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,NoahJose99,worth a try..... IF you're a bat-fan
76561197996456133,Recommended,498240,24679970,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TheDreadPirateRoberts,Been playing a couple of hours and I love it. The game does crash every once in a while though.
76561198011390228,Recommended,498240,24689023,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,darji,"Ok let us get the main point out of the way. Yes the game has technically issues. Its freezing for a few seconds, it has an unstable framerate and the optimisationis really not good.  But all of this can be fixed and most likely will be fixed.The most important part for me is that the story is great, the characters are interesting and the atmosphere is fitting.  The choices also play really well in the morals dilemmas Batman constantly has to face. How far will you go for justice and the truth.  I am really curious how all of your choices will play into the rest.I really enjoyed it and I can not wait for more. If this would have been a great Port people would talk much more positive about this game and it is a shame...Otherwise If you like Batman or Superhero stories. You should buy it."
,Recommended,498240,24689802,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Def,"Currently, the story is great! I do not have any performance issues at all. There are small glitches, but it's understandable.Pros:- Plot is good, has great plot twists!- Soundtrack is good, nothing amazing though.- Generally smooth graphicsCons:-Occassional graphical glitches.8/10"
,Recommended,498240,24693992,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Liv Wrecklessly,"Great story, and that's just the first episode. Can't wait for more."
76561198013469286,Recommended,498240,24679360,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,cwattyeso,"Really enjoyed plaything this first episode of the Batman Telltale Series. Took me about 1 hour 40 minutes to get through the first episode. I liked the combat scenes as Batman, and liked how responsive the game was to the controller input, though for a change in Telltale games missing a button prompt in a QTE is not rewarded with a fail, just prevents you filling a meter to perform a special combat finisher.The conversation scenes and dialogue choices are again what you are familiar with from Telltale though I did notice when comparing my playthrough with some other people there are scenes where regardless what option you choose the characters around you still proceed with the same dialogue and actions, so perhaps not as many options written and recorded by Telltale.I had no performance issues when I played and from the negative comments I've seen and the negative reviews they all seem to come from the same group of people, Laptop users who are trying to run this on a system with integrated graphics, when the store page and system requirements clearly list this as a no no. Any playing on a PC with a dedicated PCIE Graphics Card is not having any issues."
76561198088543947,Recommended,498240,24679416,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Kamilla Lb,"Awesome game, can`t wait to see the rest!"
,Recommended,498240,24679569,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Monst3rCaptain,"I have read that many have problems with this game, but i have not.I love Batman, and I love Telltales version on other series and comics..Havent played through the first episode yet but at the point in the game I am now.. I love it!Recommend it to everyone that likes Batman even a little bit, even if you just like Telltales previous games too.After playing the story this is what I have to say.+Batman+It's a good story+It's some cool fighting scenes where you can decide which order you wanna take bad guys out or even which way you wanna get in.-Short story, an episode took me just over 1h to complete..That is the pros and the cons for me.If you like Batman, get the game!If you have played Telltale before you know that this game is good.If you haven't played Telltale before then I can promise you that Telltale games i super good!7/10 is my score."
,Recommended,498240,24679967,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Canadian Guy 16,"got to admit I'm probably a bit bias because I'm a huge batman fan, but i loved this, absolutely amazing, just wish all the episodes were out"
,Recommended,498240,24684299,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Wumpo,"Despite a little lag in the subtitles i have not had any issues and I love the game. The combat works well and the story is great. The new combat system is different and works well with the typical telltale style. The detective mode is very interesting and using the various tools made it fun, can't wait for the next episode."
76561198055096483,Recommended,498240,24684699,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,fUbar,"15/10 1st episode! OH my god i am going to love this series. I feel bad for the people having issues. I am extremely happy and HELLA excited for next episode. Purely amazing, best telltale game so far. (episode 1)"
76561197971048177,Recommended,498240,24688916,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,EL DO GUD,no idea what to say. just want to give it a thumbs up.sorry for those encountering problems but i'm fortunate it's riunning great for me.
,Recommended,498240,28405936,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Halflight,"The last story-driven adventure game episodic series by Telltale, Batman - The Telltale Series offers yet another origin story for Bruce Wayne and his super alter-ego, Batman. The main bulk of the plot of the five episodes mainly revolves around Bruce Wayne having to deal with an attack to his family legacy and the incoming mayoral election, where is best friend Harvey Dent is running, while Batman must deal with a new and mysterious force, the Children of Arkham.The main premise of the gameplay/story, being able to play both as Bruce Wayne and Batman, is definitely something new and the game makes its best to get you comfortable in your new role. Moreso, in the Batman sequences you won't only be asked to beat thugs to a pulp, but also plan strategies, scan investigation scenes and intimidate enemies. Aside from these elements, however, Batman doesn't differ that much from your classic Telltale formula.The story proper is a mixed bag. The writers for this game, in an effort to come up with original twists and give their personal take on the Batman's origins tale, decided to disregard the Batman comics canon as they saw fit, changing the background of several characters and coming up with new elements. Some of these new elements definitely work in the plot's favor and are a welcomed addition, but others seems just too out of place and made only for the purpose of shock the player and nothing more. The progression of the story itself is standard Telltale quality, althought there are some forced passages here and there.It's really annoying to note that even this latest Telltale release is plagued by the graphical issues that, with time, have become synonimous with Telltale games. Assuming your hardware doesn't encounter any trouble running the game, even rigs that run Batman just fine will experience awkward scenes transictions, characters disappearing from the screen at random or put in strange poises and textures popping in and out of sight. Finally, there are few instances of downright lazyness from the animators: they are far and in-between, but when they do show, they are noticeable.In the end, Batman - The Telltale Series is just yet another game from Telltale, with everything that label implies these days. Of course, if you are a Batman fan, chances are you will enjoy this adventure game better than most people"
76561198067577760,Recommended,498240,24696852,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,micahforbusiness,"Wright Micah Final Build 9.5, Steam Communitythis game is way bitter opstemsed tune there previse games on steam. but even thew it's the first episode i got it to run. ill update when it is episode 5 for my final review and to chick up if it's stell playable on intel hd graphics 4000.at the end of the starting in episode 5 is it now playable on intel graohics. before that, i got it to run only on 10 fps. now i'm getting 40 fps that is soo mush bitter. now i still get some graphical issues. the only reasen why that was is that my graphics card does not support directx 11.1. the only reason i got it to work base on they did originally support it in the early days in 2012. it got discontinued i got it back by extracting the dx 11.1 in the old driver to the grand up in they nawest driver. as of now is 10.18.10.4425."
,Not Recommended,498240,28495648,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,joridiculous,"Sorry to say, but this Game is one buggy mess and the story.. Well it was really good up until Episode 4. Not only is the two last episodes the shortest but the story and gameplay is all over the place.Bugs. The infamouse RT+A. It was for my point of view not a real issue with ep. 1-4. I sometimes had to re-do the RT+A qte two tims before the game recognised the combo.Now in Ep. 5.RT isnt recognised inanyQTE. Making this Episode unplayable. (I should mention that the keyboard combo for RT+A is alsoNotrecognised by the game. This is something new for this episode)This said. I sure hope there will be a Season two. And if it is, Please stop with the rushed once a month episodes."
,Recommended,498240,25609045,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,┌∩┐ಠ益ಠ)┌∩┐,"If its a Telltale game, just buy it.A Batman game? Just buy it.A Telltale's Batman game? Perfect!"
,Not Recommended,498240,24679063,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Trade Joe,"The game is unplayable. I can run other TellTale games completely fine, but this game just keeps on crashing. I wouldn't recommend this game until all the issues are fixed."
,Recommended,498240,26227157,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,SaSSolino,"It's a good game, but Telltale has done better.The Wolf Among Us and The Walking Dead to name a few."
76561198170907850,Not Recommended,498240,24726744,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,slinkeyzebra7,"Unless your PC is the strrongest computer in the world, don't buy this game because it will lag and the framrate will be stuck at 10 fps or lower."
76561198028438020,Not Recommended,498240,31537557,Posted: 4 May,all,ijr,"Not as fun as the other telltale series, and kind of a pain to play.- Way too many QTEs- Bugs in animation- Gimmicky, boring mid-scenes (using the batcomputer, doing the 'detective work')- Storyline is cute, but mostly very dry.Play the wolf one instead."
,Not Recommended,498240,28134255,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,m30w,Havent fixed the framerate/sync/studdering issues throughout the game since episode one....
76561198022897265,Recommended,498240,31325497,Posted: 23 April,all,Mesjaf,Grat game.I like combat dynamics in this one.If you wnat to check it out before buying here's a short gamepay video on my new channelhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_WwuvuBYpg
76561198285569785,Not Recommended,498240,25100371,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,menenmig62,it never worked
76561198054187843,Not Recommended,498240,24702228,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dinglebop,"Honestly, how do you ♥♥♥♥ up so hard at launch. It's been nearly two days and I STILL can't play the game full screen and I STILL can't play at 1920x1080. I just don't understand how these issues went unnoticed before launch. Were they just hoping I wouldn't notice? Waste of money."
76561198311530496,Not Recommended,498240,24837551,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Venom0156,slow as♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,498240,28568140,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DOG GAMER,10 fps glory :gun:
76561198045164576,Not Recommended,498240,34167632,Posted: 11 August,all,(void*) curious,"My opinion on this game is formed by its story.Honestly, i think, that Telltale is over their had with the story in Batman. Being the prequel to other games, it creates inconsistency with stories in other games.For me - this game would be OK, if there would not exist any other Batman games.To conclude - probably those who likes Batman universe from other games (starting with Batman: Arkham Asylum up to Batman: Arkham Knight) should either ignore this game, or try to look at it as a separate game and separate story."
,Not Recommended,498240,26153678,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Give me CANCER,♥♥♥♥ this game it just brings a ♥♥♥♥ing white screen and i cant play the ♥♥♥♥ing game ♥♥♥♥ THIS
,Recommended,498240,24683742,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Chris Redfield,Best Telltale game yet.
,Recommended,498240,24681932,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TincraftTinman,Just finished the first episode. While it crashed when running on window 8 version. On the windows 7 version it worked great and while graphics wise there are some glitches it tells a great story and I am very excited for the next episode. It is a shame that this great telltale game is held back by technical issues. Once they are resolved this game will definitely be a must play for any telltale or batman fan.
76561198037582455,Recommended,498240,24680571,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Maduke,"Noticed that people are having a lot of issues with bugs, sync, etc. I have had no issues as of yet, mind you I haven't gotten very far but currently love the style they took with this game. Will say to people though, don't overhype games. Different people are going to take different approaches at it and this one works well in my opinion."
76561198014899960,Recommended,498240,24692146,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Hakola,"Going in with some skepticism, I was pleasantly surprised with the first episode of the game.I did have one weird bug where I couldn't exit the Bat-computer which forced me to reload the game, but other than that this played very well for me. Where Game of Thrones managed to kill me a few times with some weird frame drops and such, Batman never did.The story seems to take a few liberties with the universe, but I find that extremely refreshing as it gave me a few surprises along the way.Hopefully the other episodes will keep delivering like the first one did."
76561198125496358,Not Recommended,498240,26758328,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Fredrik,False advertisement regarding the episodes' release date.
,Recommended,498240,24714239,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Juli Kidman,"I love this game! It's not action pack kinda of games, its more into the adventure and story kind of game. QTE Game style.You have the freedom to be a good batman / Evil batman.You will be given 4 options when chatting with certain people in the game, and your pick will decide whether it's a good or bad decision in the story. Your decision will effect throught the story line. You also will decide to save/kill (no kill in episode 1 yet, there is a Brutalize option and so I assume there will be an option in the future episode).The QTE is quite hard for me, My reflexes is slow :/ need to pay attention more >.<The game have terrible release at start but they fix it. I have not encounter any bugs or any crash issue.The story is actually quite entertaining, I want to know what happen next in Episode 2 after Bruce shouted at Alfred at the end :o .PLEASE RELEASE MORE EPISODE SOON!Good game :) worth the price.- My English is terrible I know :v But atleast I tried as much as I can :D"
,Not Recommended,498240,26790339,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,↽»El ☠Chapo«⇁,Game is free on Windows Store and here you stealing 17 euros from peopel can I have my money back please?
,Recommended,498240,28483144,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Sentinel,"A very very solid TellTale game. It paves the way for the new generation of telltale games. The graphics and animations are the best from a telltale game. And ""A new frontier"" looks to be following in its footsteps.It nails the balance between Bruce Wayne and Batman. Most of the time you will be playing as Bruce, juggling his life around, keeping up appearences. His personal life is what makes this different to any batman game. Subject matter including; Politics, friends and one night stands.Now the times where you play as Batman, it nails the ""I am the night"" sort of side to Batman. With decisions ranging from arresting a guy, to ""Brutalizing"" him, Aka stabbing him in the♥♥♥♥♥with a metal pipe. You can really change the type of hero you want Gotham to have.The villains in this are great. ""The Children Of Arkham"" Are the main ones. But expect to be going against; Oswald Cobblepot, AKA ""Penguin"", Zsasz, the Joker, Two-Face and Catwoman. Catwoman is off and on.All in all, i cant reccomend this enough. Telltale are gonna shine more then ever in the coming years, i think!"
76561198024401974,Recommended,498240,24678965,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Venual,Best Game and I played with very good Fps and no lag.
76561198198661617,Recommended,498240,24678934,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Slipshod,this game works great for me even on the highest settings.
76561198285051569,Not Recommended,498240,30483632,Posted: 12 March,all,sakako567,It wont link evidence in the warehouce at all. Untill this bug is fixed Battman- The Telltail seiers is not something I can recommend to anyone. However if the bug gets fix. That will change in a heart beat.
76561197980048530,Not Recommended,498240,34116989,Posted: 8 August,all,pheonixfire225,"let me start with i greatly exceed all requirements  and have most up to date graphics drivers, for this BROKEN gameoriginally bought it and was unplayable literally it would not even start the game to title menu, said i didn't have service pack 1 and i did, said there were direct x problems and there wer notafter the latest patch/update (today) it will now start finally after months of it being a waste of money and time screwing with settings trying to get it to gohorrible resolution cuts to black screen while people are talking, half screen legs are at the top of screen and black bottom half, flicking to proper display and back to black or half screen, and audio out of sync when/if video finally comes back, jumpy animations and poor frame rates missing QTE prompts because of lag2 large updates in a row a 12.9 gb and another 9.1 gbthis game is a massive letdown especially after Telltales did such an awesome job on Wolf Among Us and Borderlands.   the performance is a major issue especially with the game being over a year old and still having issuesthis game has many issues"
,Recommended,498240,31507397,Posted: 2 May,all,Lord KKs,"Well i enjoyed, but Telltale really needs to add up to their core idea that ""Choices matter"", because no matter what, ***SPOILERS**** ---- you can't save 2 face, you can't hide yourself from being exposed in Selina apartment, you can't kill characters ---- ***SPOILERS END***, you really can't change anything from the script.You just change the minor guidelines, that in the end will have the same end. I mean, C'mon, look at other games (that aren't even story driven) they actually have different ENDINGS, why is so hard to telltale to even understand that this is why people will WANT to play? IF MY CHOICES MATTER, I WANT TO SEE WHAT KIND OF END I WILL GET, if no matter what, the ending is just one, your choices don't really matter.And Telltale has done this with all their games, YOU GUYS NEED TO HAVE MORE THEN ONE MAJOR SCRIPT. But aside from that, the game is good, the story is interesting, but your choices don't really matter."
76561198293417877,Recommended,498240,25515193,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,SJBHasADayPass,"I had to stop playing because the gameplay on this thing is like 0 fps and when it comes to the QTE I end up missing them or just narrowly getting them in time, the sound is faster than the frames are and its annoying me and I can't play the game right, I've tried everything I could think of. I am not saying the game is bad but its working so slow for me that I can't play it, and it can't be my computer as I played Tales from the Borderlands last night and it worked perfectly and Life is Strange not long before that. If it just me with the FPS problem then please someone help me with it becuase I have been dying to play this game for  ages and its really depressing for me not to play the game because of lag."
,Not Recommended,498240,28086809,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Oracle,"The fps and crash issues are NOT fixed for most players. I have a high end machine and this game`s graphs are not that advanced anyway and yet the framerate is so abysmal that it is rendered unplayable.  To put it into perspective, I can play final fantasy xiii and the new metal gears on this without any issues. Trying to get a refund atm."
,Recommended,498240,24734957,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Nidaime,Dark Batman!I broke ppl arm for fun!10/10
,Not Recommended,498240,26371152,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Deathstroke,"WHY IS IT LAGGING??? THE GAME ARE SLOWW,THE MOUTH TALK IS NOT SAME AS THE AUDIO,SO I PAID THIS GAME FOR LAG?? CMON MAN MY LAPTOP RUNS A 8GB RAM"
,Not Recommended,498240,28148233,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Haryo25,"This game has potential, really. Alas, they ♥♥♥♥ed up. This game has framerate issues. I even reached 20-ish FPS on my GTX 1060 and Core i7 3770. Otherwise, it's a game with a very good story."
76561198138018841,Recommended,498240,24695664,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Experiment_14,If you are a fan of batman i would deffinetly get it i see that alot of people report bad frame problems but if there were any i really didnt notice but one thing that i was not to happy with was that some audio clips simply seemed to not be there and i was very dissapointed since they were misssing in the boss fight but the story line is good it has very good potential just rough around the edges
76561198011767503,Recommended,498240,24690642,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,SamTulster,If only Telltale releases all 5 chapters at once.
,Recommended,498240,25565636,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Black.Tea,"Great game,I enjoyed the content."
76561198170677873,Recommended,498240,24685034,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Childish Shivino,"The game worked great, only issue was the resolution wasnt that great when it first booted up and it was in windowed mode. This was easily fixed by hitting Alt+Enter and then going to the graphics menu in settings and just choosing 1920x1080 resolution, then going back to the menu... At first the prompt to ""save changes"" did not show up, but after a couple tries it popped up and set the game to 1080p. I was getting 60-90fps during scenes where you would interact with the characters, and 90+ when it was cut scenes. FPS drop was barely noticeable but the lag was present and would bother me at the beginning and end of scenes. First episode was great and its has the potential to become a great Batman story from the way its taken off."
76561198060306926,Recommended,498240,24684400,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Hot Dog Guy,"I'm aware of the issues that many players have been experiencing in running the game and fortunately I've been able to play the entirety of episode 1 without any issues. I'm a little biased as I am a huge Batman fan, but the game is great as a new addition to the Batman mythos. Graphically, the game looks fine; nothing realistic but has that stylish comic book feel to it. Animation is quite smooth (apart from some lip syncing issues and clipping) and really shines in the combat sequences as the Dark Knight. Where the Arkham Series had a lot more focus on being Batman, Telltale's story delves more into the life of Bruce Wayne. If you're looking to see the caped crusader beat down on thugs every five minutes, this may not be the game for you. There's quite a lot of exposition but that may change in the later episodes. Towards the end of my playthrough, action seemed to pick up and I began to feel like Batman:  analyzing crime scenes, planning an attack, and executing it. You truly get to experience the contrast between the love for Bruce Wayne and the fear of Batman.While I did feel like my playthrough was short, Telltale's golden formula of branching paths will have me coming back again to try out new choices and see their results. Of course, there's only so much I can do while I wait for the next episode to be released. Overall I give the game an 8.5/10"
76561198039951489,Recommended,498240,24681331,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Mcpounder,great game zero performance issues cant wait for episode 2
,Recommended,498240,24692110,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Warlach,"So, ignore my play time - played offline and it didn't record but I have completed the first chapter.Firstly, yes, there are bugs. Rather than focus on them as plenty of other reviews have I'll address them at the end as, at least in my case, they didn't stop me from playing andlovingthis game.The voice acting was wonderful, the story was really engaging and I loved the dynamic of feeling totally badarse when playing as Batman - even if it's mostly like a long quick time event form the Arkham games - to playing as Bruce and exploring the world. I am totally pumped for the next episode. As you can tell from my avatar I am a bit of a Batman tragic but it really is very good.I alsoreallyliked the take on one of the characters from the Batman mythos which was really original and interesting. If you'd told me about it before hand it I would have said it sounded silly but, like a lot of the game, it just works....except for the bugs.I haven't had all the bugs that others have and I played this on my Surface Book so it was hardly a special gaming rig and it handled it reasonably well. I also seemed to overcome them:Framerate:So yeah, at first it waswildlyinconsistent and kept dropping. I changed the graphics settings from High Quality to High Performance though and this solved it completely with no real noticeable depreciation in the graphics quality either.Resolution:This was the worst. First thing I did was set the game to fullscreen... and it froze. When I relaunched it entered fullscreen again and would just show white. I used alt+enter to exit this, the game crashed. When I opened it again it was windowed and I just played it like that. I assume this will be patched but it wasn't that big a deal, as frustrating as it was at first.Wonky Mouse:The mouse function seemed to work fine in the quicktime events but was slightly hard to control when selecting dialogue options, especially as most of these are on a time. This was only an occasional problem and given I played it on a Surface Book I ended up cheating by hitting Spacebar when the options came up, picking which one I wanted and then touching the screen to make the selection when I unpaused.So, yeah, it's buggy and lots of others have had far worse experiences than I have but if you're lucky like I am, or wait until it's fixed, you'll find a really brilliant Telltale Game that, from a creative standpoint, lives up to they hype and anticipation - it's just a shame that the technical side lets that vision down."
,Recommended,498240,24694384,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Krupted Peasant,Only a part way through. Had to change screen resolution then fully exit out to get prompt to enact changes and had codex issue which I believe is fixed. Still I got mostly 60fps with occasinal drops to say 53. Nothing like being reported by others thankfully and I am really enjoying it so far. Will update after I finish this episode.
,Recommended,498240,24681155,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Double D,Sorry but this game runs slower than a granny leaving the early bird special please wait for a fix on this god awful port. I still have high hopes though.
76561198044629701,Recommended,498240,29828963,Posted: 10 February,all,ChaosWarrior,i really dont know why people  hated it ( some ) but i really loved its idea and story from all aspects and choices does somehow matter not as negative reviews states its my opinion :)worth it 100%
,Not Recommended,498240,33127079,Posted: 2 July,all,TinyRick,"I paid $8.74 for this game, and thank goodness it was roughly a buck an hour for my time.  Selling a game like this is just as close to ""first day DLC"" as anything.I haven't taken the time out to review anything like this, but compared to other ""Telltale"" games, it's a bad joke.""On Sale"" or nothing."
76561198031158396,Recommended,498240,26247395,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Youtube=Hippo Reddy,Great game but it lags a lot
76561198081489464,Recommended,498240,26259531,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Grin Gablin,its alright
,Recommended,498240,24750946,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,TheSaltyBiscuit,"Here is the whole episode of Batman The Telltale Series Ep.1 ""Realm Of Shadows"" that is played on my Youtube channel.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yahb4pMfmEkNO SPOILERS DOWN HEREBeing that i never really was too much into the whole Batman thing, i can really say this has changed my opinion. This game comes at you like your playing Batman's ACTUAL life. When the suns out and shining your Bruce Wayne, a rich man who is trying to make Gotham what he remembered it being as a child. But when it's dark out, that when The Dark Knight rises (haha pun) and actually takes action. Overall game is a  8.5/10 for me. I posted my link up video of the entire episode for you guys who wanna see someone else play it."
76561198271446131,Recommended,498240,24697199,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TheDePotato,"The game worked for me. Yes I had resolution problems and my mouse was stuck in the top left at 1980 by 1080. So i lowered it. I didn't mind seeing that Telltale doesn't have godly graphics. I didn't have FPS issues, I ran it just fine other than the resolution issues. Although I did have to go into the main menu and start the episode again when I opened the Codex in the batcave, when I tried to close out of the codex it still showed up on my screen when I pressed the close button. I recommend getting this game. BUT if the game doesn't work for you, wether you have 10fps, or it crashes many times, you can always refund it.TLDR: Game worked for me, i recommend that you should get it. If it doesnt work for you then refund it."
,Not Recommended,498240,28651383,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Shell Universe,"I've been a fan of Telltale for years. But after just recently playing Life is Strange and then giving this game a try, I can only say my heart is broken to see Telltale strugging like this. The illusion of choice, so important to these type of games, is some of the weakest I've seen; it feels more like a cutscene that never ends than anything truly interactive.And either they're using a new engine that they're not used to yet, or the old engine is showing its age because this game looks awful.First steam game I've ever requested a refund for."
,Recommended,498240,24793348,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,BlooBoi,"Clearing Rumors about people with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc's complaining that the pc port is a huge mess:litterally didnt have 1 game crash lag glitch (or as in cr1t1kals video) MY SECURITY GUARD ISNT A TRASH CAN THAT GETS EXECUTED  i guess either im lucky or your guys pc cant run this cus i got solid 60 fps no drops no + fps didnt have 1 texture glitch or crash. you dont need jesus's custom built next gen pc to run this either. i haver a full amd build for ♥♥♥♥ sakes (but i do have windows 10 which coukd give you problem if your cpu isnt srtong.The games story is amazing you can oick  your own patjh and everything and finding different infiormation youv never heard in any other batman media:idk it was amazing and the ending had an amazing twist that wasnt heard of in any other batman comic, game, series movie, the twist wasnt heard of in any other batman media period. you could probrably get it if you follow my path (i wasnt the majority in the end) i also like kabobs.... (all the other major decisions i got the majority on )"
76561198060504069,Not Recommended,498240,32080316,Posted: 31 May,all,Mr.Shaw,"Well the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and it might be the least intriguing Batman story to date, so I think, apart from mild entertainment you should stay away from this one and just play The Walking Dead... The thing is that The Walking Dead took time to make and seems like they developers had a genuine interest in what they were doing, these games feel rushed and the goal was purely to milk as much money as possible. Sorry. Love Batman, but it's a no from me."
,Recommended,498240,28406293,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Nikola Tyson csgo-raffle.com,The game is so off the hook a really liked it but at the begining a had trobles with the game. But i fixed it easily about the game this is my favorite game an a hope u will add more episodes to this. Tnx TellTale B) ;)
76561198117792650,Not Recommended,498240,25440263,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,RoeeN,This game sucks!DO NOT BUY THIS FOR YOUR PC! It has lots of lags and it crashed twice.I recommend you buying this for the PS4 or XB1!
,Recommended,498240,24742458,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,alex,i am bat man
76561198068527878,Not Recommended,498240,28727123,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,dewey72,DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU WANT TO USE A PC CONTOLLER. It only supports a few.
,Recommended,498240,25630595,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,aps6686,"Introduces some nice twists to the established lore of Batman to create an interesting story for both new and existing fans of the franchise.Telltale's formula is still largely the same (I personally enjoy it) with some alterations - there's more of a focus on action this time around as well as investigation.If you liked The Wolf Among Us, this is along the same lines.This is probably my favourite Telltale series yet, they're back on top form after some hit-and-miss series in the past year or so.Very much recommended if you've enjoyed any of Telltale's games in the past, and if you're a fan of Batman."
76561198066403211,Recommended,498240,28346158,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,GodsHands777,Telltale's take on a very well known Batman story.
76561198115357887,Not Recommended,498240,26524939,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,GoldenFace,"I first bought this game expecting to enjoy it as much as I did with TWD, but when I first started it and went to the settings to adjust it to my screen the game crashed. That was over a week ago and everytime I start the game a black box appears in the top left corner and the rest of the screen is white. I wish I never bought this game and I will not be buying Telltale products in  the future."
76561198195756517,Recommended,498240,25850435,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Zaculapalmer,so goooood
,Not Recommended,498240,33064839,Posted: 30 June,all,animegeek04,"graphics are garbage, like 2011ish and you would think for a game that is one long cutscene they would have removed clipping, story just isnt that good. That said, there is one twist partway through that made me very seriously consider giving it a positive review, I think your money can be better spent elsewhere."
,Recommended,498240,25039389,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,JmWinchester,Perfect!
,Recommended,498240,25204534,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Jai,Performance is great for me with a GTX 970.Great game with good choice as well as batman being brutal as ♥♥♥♥EDIT: It just gets better and better....
76561198158471547,Not Recommended,498240,24795449,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mr Bogangles,black screen. unplayable.no fullscreen.but batman...11/10 would not play again
76561198094280329,Not Recommended,498240,34199014,Posted: 12 August,all,agentnachoman,"If you're interested in the Batman universe then get this game, however if you want a really fun and exciting video game, i cannot recommend this game to you. This is probably one of the most dissapointing telltale games I have played for a long time, the story is very inconsistent with gaping plot holes, over the top and exaggerated acting and what seems to be a story clinging for its life not to be garbage. that being said. this game is at best, somewhat above average, i haven't experienced any technical issues or crashes, maybe some framerate drops max. if you want a better telltale game. play tales of the borderlands or the wolf among us, those i cannot recommend enough, unfortunatley for this game. though average at best, is not worth your time."
76561198009342411,Not Recommended,498240,34542812,Posted: 27 August,all,Gdano,"IM REALLY SORRY to give a negative review.In past I loved TT games A LOT.But recently Telltale games have lost all their charm, probably because they never evolved since Walkind Dead Season 1. Or maybe they lost some of the writing skills that blessed past games.In fact this is one of the worst Batman I ever seen (in comics, movies and games).Bruce Wayne is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that you want to beat with your bare hands. I played the game just to get the worst for him (just look at his looks... he is EXACTLY how he's look. An ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥).Apparently TT got a greate idea: to underline and focus upon the duality of Bruce and Batman, but the idea has been pursued very bad. Bruce and Batman ended to be way too different. Bruce is emotion driven, insicure and weak. Batman is robot like, unstoppable and heartless.It could sounds cool but trust, it isn't.The way TT represanted this duality is too simplicistic and sometimes idiotic. Bruce IS Batman, but in this game you are constantly challenged to wonder how is possible THIS Bruce could be Batman.Gameplay-wise is even worst. The game is full of boring CTE (30% of game is made of that) and the usual ""walk around and click♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; is a formula that stinks nowadays.Story-wise things are a little better. I liked the new variatons upon the Lore but the dialogues are unispired and sometime stupid. In fact 80% of time I preferred to chose the option to stay silent ( ""..."" )Worst thing of all:I cant finish the game 'cause I keep falling asleep when playing the last chapter. Really, this game is boring as hell.Last but not leat it's also full of bugs and glitches. And you need a top notch PC to run it properly.Sorry to say that but...Dont buy this game."
76561198098783831,Not Recommended,498240,28581666,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Straxxus,"Just bought this game due to the fact it was on sale, and I am an avid batman fan. So far ive played roughly 30 minutes of the game, and the st-st-stutterrrring has made me want to tear my eyes out.Keep in mind, im not exactly playing this on a potato (Gtx 980, amd fx-8350@4.5ghz). Ive noticed that the game engine may be affected by single-threaded cpu performance, as only core 1 on my chip is fully utilized at all times. I have a feeling this is what is causing the stuttering, seeing as how my gpu doesnt ever go over 80%utilization, yet my fps is floating around 80-105 ( I am using a 120hz display) These results are the same even when all in game graphics settings are lowered to the minimum.I cannot recommend this game due to its poor performance. Maybe I will revisit my review if i have a chance to try the game on some different hardware.Update: I decided to power through the stuttering in the first episode. It did become somewhat less noticable but was definitely still present. Overall, performance was lacking at best, especially for a game that really shouldnt require as much horsepower as your average AAA title.Having now finished the game I believe I can formulate a proper review. I'll start with the gameplay.The gameplay feels similar to a visual novel, but with more quicktime events. This dissapointed me coming from life is strange which has actual gameplay. Also, choices dont really matter, and in some cases are blatently disregarded! In the ""previously on batman"" section for episode 4, they played a clip which was not at all what i had chosen to do in episode 3.This brings me nicely into the story. Its important to note that ive played all of the rocksteady/warner bros batman games, have watched most of the movies/tv shows/cartoons, and have dabbled in the batman comics from time to time.Ive never seen a batman story done this badly.when playing this game, i feel like bruce wayne is what would happen if a billionaire decided to try to be batman. He doesnt feel like batman at all. He doesnt have any real detective skills and while he seems to be reasonably well trained in combat, he gets his face smashed in on multiple occasions.(as a side note, due to the art style and the facial structure they chose for him, he looks like sterling archer from the show archer)The detective work feels like its out of an episode of CSI with its incredible lack of complexity, and almost literal connect-the-dots interface, making it feel as though there isnt any challenge or mystery whatsoever.Overall, i dont recommend this game, even on sale. Your time/money would be better spent reading batman comics imo."
76561198124934876,Recommended,498240,24691184,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,The Bruce Wayne,"Coming from the Arkham Series I have grown to love Batman. How he plays, the fun action packed beat em' up. The arkham series alone is amazing enough. When Batman The Telltale Series was announced i was shocked and confused on how the game would play out. Coming from mashing the X and Y button as batman, to playing as Bruce Wanye and making the hard decisions to help gotham. I honestly was excited to play the game. I played and really enjoyed how Telltale delievered the series. I like how there was some good crime fighting parts, and serious classly Bruce wayne parts. Overall I'd give it a 8 out of 10. In the future i would like to see more Batman, and i assume their will be since the series just started. Just some food for thought."
,Recommended,498240,24693959,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Why Tho™,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is a good game! No performance issues for me so if you're having trouble with that aspect just wait for a fix because this is DEFINITELY worth your time and money9/10 Best (story wise and performance wise) Batman game I've played for a while
76561198057504437,Recommended,498240,24680391,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ranch it up,"I have previously never written a review for a game, but I believe this will be helpful.At first, I suffered from the same problem as most people with an incredibly low FPS, not performing at a level in order to play.With this, I got in contact with Telltales customer support which delivered great customer service that most gaming companies fail to provide.They told me to fix the problem I needed to change the graphics card which the game ran on, from my integrated card to my NVIDIA card. To do this, I went to my graphics card control panel. After this, I click on the 3D settings in order to gain access to program settings which allowed me to switch cards.Also, I updated both of my cards from the device manager.I hope this is helpful for all that are having difficulties. If not, I would recommend contacting their customer support as they delivered quick responses to my emails that solved my problem.Lastly, I believe this game is a great addition from Telltale as although it does lack slightly in balancement between Batman and Bruce, it gives you far more control over the character by doing so, making bruces decisions just as important, giving the gamer or fan of batman an entertaining experience."
76561198264583566,Recommended,498240,24685654,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TareqZ33,"a lot of people are having trouble playing the game. fortunately for me, it ran smoothly and i can say, it is amazing and highly engaging."
,Recommended,498240,24691497,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,rootjax,"Has potential, the story is fun, but it could be better, have a problem with performance and stuttering, a little discomfort follow the instructions keyboard keys for action, timer is short."
76561198032335747,Recommended,498240,24679152,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Repercussion,"Well, unlike the majority of the community, I don't have any problem with the game so far. I play at 1080p without any frame-rate issue (I've got a GTX 960).Since I didn't encounter any technical issue, it is safe to talk about the game. I'm gonna update the review once I finish the game but so far the story is appealing, dialogues are good and music doesn't disappoint by any means. We have a chance to see the Bruce Wayne side of the Batman in detail and if you consider the previous works of Telltale and their success in character dramas, it wouldn't be a surprise if this game ended up one of their best games. Because there are so many oppurtunities that Telltale can use and I believe they'll make use of every bit of them.Game is good, but looks old fashioned. I love cell-shaded style but Telltale should change or upgrade their engine because its limitations are getting obvious and obvious with each new game they release. Game doesn't look bad, but I wouldn't blame someone who says they are bad.Just like other Telltale games, Batman relies on QTE in its action sequences as well. Except some new mechanics, it's the same thing.All in all, if you're looking for something new in terms of gameplay and graphics, you'll be disappointed. But if you love Batman just like me, Gotham has a new story to tell."
76561198019196550,Recommended,498240,24685676,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,BeRadical,"With updated drivers, on a gtx 970, this game is running totally smooth.  No performance issues whatsoever.Nothing mindblowing for a Tell Tale game, but solid story so far.  Great performances, and I'm really digging this take on Oswald so far.  Definitely looking forward to finishing the episode.  Be sure to tune in this week, same Bat...Steam..."
,Recommended,498240,24679173,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Rash,Don't get why all the negativity I mean this is pretty much what I expected from a Telltale Batman game. And I say that in the best way possible. No performance issues whatsover.
76561198116566084,Recommended,498240,24680129,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ban,"Episode 1: You can select 4 types of colors for your gear, blue, yellow, red, and purple, also you get used to the game and now it's addictingEpisode 2: You go back to thomas and martha wayne's ""cemetary"" and go to the person who killed them, then you have a choice to help catwoman or harveyEpisode 3: Your friend (penguin) takes over wayne enterpirses and anything wayne or batman tech realated, you also ATTACK penguin and go to arkham asylumEpisode 4: you are in Arkham Asylum and 2 people abuse you while joker abuses them, then the joker helps distract fellow arkham members so you can get to the phone and call either alfred or the gcpd, then you find a cure for yourself, you'll understand just buy the gameEpisode 5: Again, buy the game"
76561198043963847,Recommended,498240,24684830,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,JukeBox Legend,"Hey just so everyone knows you need to make sure your drivers are up to date, i had lines coming off all the character models and it was so laggy, then i updated my video card drivers and it seems to run a lot better still not perfect but actually playable and I've enjoyed what i have played so farBy the way i am running it off of a nividia geforce 940m , intell cor i7-6500u cpu @ 2.5 GHz, with 8 GB of RAM"
76561198041942072,Recommended,498240,24686722,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,darfrey,"seems to run fine after the update this mornig, sad that they couldnt get a smooth release. looking away form the initial technical issues this game is very good, although the first episode is more of a bruce wayne simultator that a batman game. I would still recomend this game to batman fans. would rate the first episode 8/10 with alot of potential ."
,Recommended,498240,24687045,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,utopiaworld,"Another fine game from telltale, can't wait for the next episode!!"
76561198216834859,Recommended,498240,24693893,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Naruto Six Path's,"I Would reccomend this game,I also have so much problems when the game come out,But I managed to fix the problems all of them and the game runs perfectly fine on my end,with no issues whats so ever,I even got my Xbox One controller to work fine with out any issues.I strongly recommend to visit forum for this game here on steam and you will probably find what you need to do to fix any problems you have. If I will have acces to edit this post later I will include a full gameplay video on my channel so I can proove to you that I had great experince with this game."
76561197982526790,Recommended,498240,24691778,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Masm,"I really enjoyed my first play through of the game. A little short, but I didn't expect hours of game play out of something being released in Episodes.It did take a few minutes to set the resolution and graphics correctly because they kept resetting themselves so hopefully that gets fixed in a patch.Other than that, the game runs absolutley fine. I love when people blame companies for release issues when they can't read system requirements, or know anything about their own rigs.Aside from having to play with the graphic settings to get them to stick, as long as you have a decent system this game will run awesome.Already looking forward to my 2nd play through to make new choices."
76561197968116408,Recommended,498240,24691826,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Fishook,"Apart from a mouse bug playing on higher resolution (over 1080p) on full screen, I ran into little problems. I enjoyed the first episode and do dont regret my purchase as a fan of Telltale Games for years.I have a very high rig, and not going whinge and moan as I kids today would'nt survive boot disks and waiting ages for patches and fixes. Playing games on day of release has always been playing russian roulette no matter what hardware you have, If you are a fan of Batman or Telltale Games its a pretty standard affair, but thats not to say it was a enjoyable start too the game."
,Not Recommended,498240,25583567,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Norstein,"I started the game and had to stop an hour in and I exited the game through the main menu. Coming back to it a little while later, I was given a prompt asking if I want to use my local save file or the one in the cloud. There were no indication of whether which one was the latest one so I basically had to pick one at random. I picked the local file since I thought it has the higher chance of being the newer one if both of them were out of sync. I then found out that all my progress was gone and I had to start over from the beginning. You would imagine after SO MANY GAMES Telltale would learn how to properly make a save system."
76561197995863408,Not Recommended,498240,32319184,Posted: 10 June,all,thunderchief1969,"I like Telltale usually, and a fan of Batman. I wanted to like it, but this production was extremely boring, a labor to get through. Btw, the first episode isn't really Free if you still have to pay full price if you purchase the rest of the series."
76561198017169704,Recommended,498240,24675914,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Velonius,Good storytellingThe faster paced quick time events are greatNoticed some minor bugs during the gameplay but nothing game breaking
76561198239916390,Not Recommended,498240,25652646,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Dan,"This ♥♥♥♥in game m8..... don't buy it. fps is♥♥♥♥♥♥with borderlands lookin graphics, ♥♥♥♥in crap textures don't load and you have to play it in compatability mode or it doesn't even run. ♥♥♥♥in eh. Also batman is kinda a ♥♥♥♥♥ in this. Buy Arkham Series instead m8. GO ♥♥♥♥ YOURSELF TELLTALE"
76561198149944926,Not Recommended,498240,26363840,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,[TSF] Fro Man,"FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!!!!!!!!!!!Hey idiots who made the game..... Just to let you know, the game you made is a storybook game. People wont lose their♥♥♥♥♥♥if the graphics arent as good as they could have been. Screw the story man! You cant even pay attenion to the story because of the unbearble fps drops.... YOU NEED THE GAME TO RUN WELL BEFORE YOU CAN TELL THE STORY..... The only way you'll be able to enjoy the story is if you play this game on console.... yea its that cringy..... Thank you very much and go ♥♥♥♥ yourself...."
76561198064878020,Not Recommended,498240,25648059,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,cina babi(rich malay),ALOT OF FIUCKING BUGS and glitcheds
,Not Recommended,498240,25366115,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Cheng,Where the hell is Mac version???
,Not Recommended,498240,24729242,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Daniie,Right trigger on Xbox controller dont work.Game is unplayable.
76561198337731021,Not Recommended,498240,26190011,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,sushibeans609,totally broken in every way even after patch release-this is such a massive shame.i am a huge fan of the telltale series of games and have played them all. then they decided to mess about by creating a new engine to showcase this batman series...The result is 10fps on the menus and then the game locks up when starting. completley unplayable for me even after patch release. my friend has a monster of a pc and this still wont run and he can run Doom at high settings.i wont be buying another telltale game ever again. you heard the saying if it aint broke dont fix it? telltale can learn from that
76561198085926417,Not Recommended,498240,32753119,Posted: 24 June,all,Coleco_84,"Constant crashes, runs terrible despite having above the recomended requeriments...keep away from this, its a mess."
,Recommended,498240,28233509,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,PyRhUz,Better than BVS
76561198039789654,Recommended,498240,24693564,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,BaronBelmont,Great fun! Done with second playthrough of episode 1. Runs smooth at 1080P. Can't wait for more!
,Recommended,498240,29880056,Posted: 12 February,all,M1D,First Episode was Awesome..........PS : better then the walking dead
76561198257666183,Recommended,498240,25594593,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,pert9690,great game cant wait to get the second ep. if you want to watch it i have it on my youtube @ gameing with pert6960
76561198089311810,Recommended,498240,25618401,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,squad up360,i cant get pass a fight in the second episode the game tells me to push A and RT i hit that and i die. Try hitting diffrent bottons same thing
,Not Recommended,498240,25705106,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Zack Senpai,Runs very poorly
,Recommended,498240,29815692,Posted: 9 February,all,AgentTBone,Great game
,Recommended,498240,29815224,Posted: 9 February,all,MoonshineMecha,"BE the BATMAN!  Seriously, as a life-long Bat-Fan, I have to admit this was an amazing experience in storytelling and superhero sim-type play.  You truly get to be the Batman.  Now we just need a Superman game like this....or maybe Iron Man."
76561198093874890,Recommended,498240,24720104,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,lordvain936,Batman Nugh said
,Not Recommended,498240,29118208,Posted: 8 January,all,Renshaw,"As far as Telltale games go, Batman - The Telltale Series seemed interesting and fun.I was enjoying it and even finished the first episode. So today I fired up episode 2 to continue the story...Everything was great and then I decided to take a break and quit. The next time I fired up the game, it said that my cloud save and local save were different and that I would need to choose which one to use. Being very distrustful of cloud saves, I selected local save.From there, I lost everything. All I could do was start from the very beginning. So what then...it didn't save anything to my PC? So okay, I went to the settings and told it to use the cloud save...also, nothing. All I can do is start from scratch.How can I trust this system? How do I know it won't happen again? I don't even know what setting will work. In any case, I'm not up to replaying over an hour of lost gameplay."
76561198037584575,Recommended,498240,29778368,Posted: 8 February,all,Kwers,"great story as always. However, Arabic language support isn't the best."
,Recommended,498240,24693136,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,foxxen,gr8 gamewhy do you b8 it works well for me
,Not Recommended,498240,24773703,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,ضمان علبة التروس,Episode 2 is out and still no patch to fix stuttering.
76561198145708564,Recommended,498240,24759623,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,DylanLeonggg,Best game 2k16
76561198090188204,Not Recommended,498240,30586827,Posted: 18 March,all,Peppercorn,As a telltale and batman fan. I felt really disappointed.
,Not Recommended,498240,25616823,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,[MVG] Charlie,"I had high hopes for this game, i loved the first episode. but when episaode 2 came out my game kept crashing and it ruined my cloud save. I wish i had brought this on Xbox."
76561197991605440,Not Recommended,498240,28474837,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Lil Aristotle,"No stakes. You know that none of the main characters are going to die. You know that Dent will go bad, it's boring. Telltale should stick to IPs that allow them some freedom to tell a story."
,Not Recommended,498240,32116429,Posted: 1 June,all,Mr Pain,"I'm a bit torn writing this review. On one hand you have a solid Telltale game with its usual choices to make and QTEs that are as fun as they've been in other games - albeit getting a bit stale. On the other hand you have a drawn out long winded plot with technical issues and one of the most annoying characters of all time in the form of Alfred.The time the game spends on recapping the murder of Bruce's parents is long.... yes we know already! And I have to say for the first 3-4 characters Alfred will remind you of it every few minutes just in case you forgot. His constant nagging was a chore to put up with - *note I WILL REMEMBER THAT*.I had some real problems getting this to run on my rig, and judging by the forums I wasn't the only one. Maybe the game has been patched by now but it had been released a couple of months prior to my purchase and I had to run the game at 720p with otherwise ultra settings to get it to run at all despite owning a more than capable rig. Even then frame rate issues were commonplace for what is not a very demanding title. Other Telltale games like ""The Wolf Among Us"" ran far better than this.The game hits its stide later on and the scene at the press conference was a highlight but by the time the usual cliffhanger occurred to ready me for the sequel I was left wondering if I'd bother. There are much better Telltale games out there..."
76561198203887731,Not Recommended,498240,26893901,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,msmeraglia,No option for gamepad...
76561198185454255,Not Recommended,498240,25001387,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Papa John,Mr Freeze is strong with this one
76561198183840901,Recommended,498240,32645008,Posted: 22 June,all,showtimeavenger,YOUR MY BOY BATMAN
,Not Recommended,498240,26595877,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,6372776E6B6C6C72,Batman is shorter than harvey dent.
76561198043110374,Not Recommended,498240,28889128,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,pbigdawg30,Just another Yelltale game. Nothing special and i did not feel like Batman in this game. Very week.
,Recommended,498240,24684351,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Mclovin,awseome story. this is a great start to telltales new series. its abit laggy but its probably because its new.
76561198007241493,Recommended,498240,24688563,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,White Russian,"The game lags, but the story is very very good and the gameplay is good. Classic Telltale"
76561198037332760,Recommended,498240,24681322,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,KnivesCiao,Huge fan of Wolf Among Us and Batman.No issues running the game. Only got stuck in the batcomputer menu once.Same sense of great storytelling in a new setting.
76561197992921916,Recommended,498240,24694519,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,DarkMario,I've played though the first episode twice now. And overall I really enjoyed this game. Yes it has a few bugs and is a little laggy at times but its never to the point where its unplayable. I am a huge fan of both Batman and Teltale and it have to say that once the small problems are worked out this game will really do Batman justice.
76561198083680953,Recommended,498240,24691173,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,mikomiku,"I am vengence, I am the night, I broke someone arm"
,Recommended,498240,24691547,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Archangel,"Excellent game and spot-on Batman atmosphere. I'm only just past the prologue, but don't seem to be having any gameplay or graphics issues.I'll update the review when the first episode is finished...Thank you Telltale - I've spent an evening as Batman and loved every minute! You may also have come up with the best Batmobile ever!Bring on Episode 2 - Couldn't rate you higher."
,Recommended,498240,24684189,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,JaydeeDuck,"Update: Just finished the first episode and wow! If you are still experiencing bugs I am really sorry.  It will be worth the wait I promise!EDITED: Telltale is the shiz! 9.9MB and it works like a charm.  In software and tech there will always be bugs folks.  It's when you have quality companies like Telltale behind the wheel that you see quick turnaround on bug fixes like this.Original Post:Welcome to Troubleshooting Simulator 2016 *ehem* I mean Batman - The Telltale Series.Sooo many bugs.The way the movements of your mouse transition into the game make you feel like you are on a bad acid trip.  So far I have accidentally clicked on an unintended dialogue choice about 3 times out of 5 or 6 opportunities.  I have not experienced the audio desync and fps issues as drastically as some others, but there are plenty of bugs within the actual gameplay itself.The first time I am in the batcave and try to access to the codex (shame on you for not doing exactly what the objective says!): Was stoked about all of the details regarding the characters.  Did a lot of reading and then could never get back out of the codex.  I was able to repeat this bug 3 times.Now why do I still recommend this game? Because Telltale is a good company with a good track record.  I have to give them the benefit of the doubt that this was simply an oversight.  Patches will be made and experiences will improve.  The one thing I can say is that I desperately want the bugs ironed out because the game already feels amazing and the story is setting up to be epic.Maybe don't buy it now. Wait for the fix, but we have a good game here.  It just needs some maintenance."
,Recommended,498240,24693412,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Somnus,"Writing this as of release of Episode 1. Will edit for each episode (If I remember)This is probably the game that has made me feel more like Batman and Bruce Wayne than any other.I think any fan of Batman will enjoy this game. The dialogue is good. The detective and attack planning scenes are extremely welcome additions to a Telltale game, as well as really capturing what it is to be Batman.Story wise, it's still early, but it looks to have set up and interesting plot.Performance wise, it is bad. I haven't experienced crashes as extreme as some people, but I have noticed two things.1) Anytime the camera moves there is very noticeable stuttering. This is annoying. Anytime the camera changes angle (in a cutscene for example) there is a lag of about a second. This is really annoying as quick camera shots basically don't get seen.2) Codex bug: First time you see the codex in the Batcave it will bug out and I had to quit to main menu to get over it."
76561198180001325,Recommended,498240,24686009,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Sokol,"At first, I was unable to play this game. Every time I activated full screen, the big white screen appeared. Then I resolved it by changing resolution to 1920 x 1080. Now I can play game at full screen. Story is amazing. Fps is low, but in games like this I don't care. Low fps gives it epic movie feeling :D"
,Recommended,498240,24687089,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Hoen,Just finished 2nd playthrough. Despite the negative reviews on performance I was able to play it. The game had some sound effects not playing near the end of episode one but thats about all the issues I had. Great game! Epic story! Can't wait for next episodes!
76561198125834239,Recommended,498240,24687181,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,JohnnyBoyTM,"I love this game.For me the hype was real i really really enjoyed the first episode of this game.And i will fully recommend the game i look forward to the next episodes.Ps i did'nt get any crashes, glitches etc worked 100% fine for me9.3/10EDIT: Also i use windows 10 seems a lot of people have issues not me."
76561198162552231,Recommended,498240,25645970,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,dokuganryu89,Nang best sial~
76561198135172607,Recommended,498240,24674711,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Smi,"Great atmosphere! Clever dialogue. True to the original, real careful work."
76561198030339686,Not Recommended,498240,31722452,Posted: 13 May,all,Drunken Padre,"First of all, I'm a huge TellTale fan, but I found this game was really not up to their usual standard. The conversation choices had little to no impact on the narrative, they just slightly altered nearby character's immediate reactions to you. Far too much emphasis was put on combat, which this game mechanic really does not lend itself to. You end up spending a lot of game time just watching combat animation, which is paused briefly to prompt you to press a button (with no options or alternatives) and then the combat sequence continues.I think this game could have been amazing if they had stuck to what usually makes Telltale games great - the option to influence and guide the story. If you had a chance to maybe save or redeem some of the typical Gotham 'villains' that would have been epic... instead, you just run through a strictly predestined plot.All Telltale games are fun, but if you're thinking of buying this one and you havent yet played 'Wolf Among Us' or 'Borderlands', then DEFINITELY buy those instead."
,Recommended,498240,24677004,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,AvTeC,It may have low fps but you can still play it fine this game needs to be optimazed and it will be fine
,Not Recommended,498240,25554172,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ThE.CzaR,"This game is broken as of right now with unplayable FPS. Yes it is unplayable. I have to get a refund on this one. Game may improve in the future. But till then, hold off on purchasing this."
76561197992083855,Recommended,498240,24677018,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Matyvalien,"It is the same old ttg formula , only you need to be FAST in qte stuff , batman parts are freaking awesome , but bruce parts are a bit dull and boring , but i feel it will open up real good , all in all 7.5/10 score to first episode."
,Not Recommended,498240,29840556,Posted: 10 February,all,duckyduckyman,♥♥♥♥
76561198208791083,Recommended,498240,29780514,Posted: 8 February,all,bashgold,"great story, great soundtrack"
76561198206385872,Recommended,498240,24691402,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,CheekySix,Good game.
,Not Recommended,498240,25372765,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,✪ CHaOS skinhub.com,I can run bo3 better than this game!
,Recommended,498240,24681795,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Damn Look at Dat Booty,"Great first episode. Gives you a great feel for the game, definitely recommend to all Batman fans."
76561197998566461,Recommended,498240,24681890,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,kickinbomb,ya no lag here dont know what all the fuss is about.  the game is rerally good!  loved every minute! cant wait for the next episode!
,Recommended,498240,29812637,Posted: 9 February,all,epicster,Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥it's 12.49
,Recommended,498240,25628830,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Sadaharu,"Besides everyone complaining the game won't work, which infact I had no problems. This is a typical tell tale game, great story, thier brand of cartoony look and the movie esque experience with influeincing choices, solid game. I don't see any of the problems with this game I have a nvidia card and all, just people trying to run it on a $5 dollar hamster powered potato that is all. I highly recommened it if you enjoyed any other Batman game and want to explore the world just a bit more and see it a new unique invigorating way."
76561198293625563,Not Recommended,498240,29109908,Posted: 8 January,all,anthonyyates1010,horrible..... just disgusting
,Recommended,498240,24684229,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ZMD ザック,"It's 2 hours worth of quick time button presses and some point and click style ""gameplay"". This is my first Telltale gaming experience and I hate quick time events, if I knew that's what this game was I wouldn't have bought it. With that being said the story was interesting enough to where I'll at least finish all 5 chapters. But I'll stay away from TT games in the future."
76561198051745545,Recommended,498240,28318587,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,vasax,"Review for episodes 1-4:I have high expectations from Telltale Games and this game doesn't fail to deliver.I rarely pre-order games, but with this developer I know it's safe to do this.First of all they finally updated the engine which is a huge improvement, because this game looks amazing. I with their previous games looked that good.It shouldn't come as surprise, but the voice acting is absolutely fantastic.The plot... Oh boy, it's so good! The story is so engaging and moving very fast, packed with breathtaking action which is keeping me on the edge of my seat. The dialogues are great, although I found some inconsistency in Gordon's attitude to Batman, but that was only once.Just like the rest of them this game is more like an interactive TV series, where you need to press buttons from time to time to progress (I personally love it), but it was very nice that they added some puzzles and you must do pixel-hunting trying to solve stuff, also you get to move around in locations.There are of course decisions that you have to make, and some of them are tough which is good. I really enjoyed not only getting to choose answers in dialogues, but also choosing either this or that activity to do, which offers you unique gameplay and experience.Moreover, the game offers bonus videos covering game development.Can't wait for ep 5!Thank you so much, Telltale Games! The Walkind Dead season 3 is already purchased ;-) Much love from Russia!P.S. Bruce is smokin' hot!"
76561198012380410,Recommended,498240,24674876,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,tall0w,Nice game. Run's just fine on a 7950/2500k combo @ 1440p. Some frame drops & the AA isn't great but it will fill the gapo while I wait for Gotham season 2 on Netflix!
76561198101478374,Not Recommended,498240,29787195,Posted: 8 February,all,Pattz,"As of now I am near the end of episode 1.In the end of episode one when i arrive at falcones hideout and getting ready to invade. I find myself frustrated as i have seemed to run into a black screen of some sort. I can look around and use my little cursor thingy but not click anywhere nor do anything. This was right after I chose '' I'm going in'' in the dialogue. With no rewind function available, makes it idiotic that i am gonna have to start the episode all over. :(((((That is why this game as of now get my thumbs down..."
76561198052426486,Not Recommended,498240,24775463,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,iRaphahell,"Boring, refunded"
,Not Recommended,498240,29812889,Posted: 9 February,all,Batman,barely runs but the story is great
76561198075664259,Not Recommended,498240,24689797,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mirakuru,1. Pre-ordered the game for 10% discount.2. Downloaded the game.3. Opens the game in windows 8+.4. Changed settings to fullscreen for the first time.5. Crash.6. Opens the game in windows 8+.7. Everything turns white.8. alt+f49. Relog.10. White.11. Relog in windows 7 mode.12. White.13. Restart pc.14. Relog15. White16. Wait for fix update.17. Orders weed.18. Smoke weed.19. High.20. Plays batman.21. White.22. Delete.23. Had sex instead.FML 10/10
76561198006116891,Recommended,498240,26229123,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Ser.Pounce A Lot,banged catowoman 11 out 10 would bang again
76561198143844154,Not Recommended,498240,24745559,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,LITspanic,this game is so slow to start and the story wants to be good but its not it's really not it ♥♥♥♥ this game and making it's self free and making me pay for it
76561198101761817,Not Recommended,498240,31760585,Posted: 14 May,all,Matterz87,"Three hours and on episode 4 already. Is fun if you are a hardcore batman fan, but NOT worth the 24 bucks for only a few hours of gameplay. Not a good bargain wait for at least a 50% sale. Also plenty of graphics issues, Tell Tale has def. gone down hill sadly :("
76561198071903988,Recommended,498240,25528303,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,SpiderNerd1962,Awesome story!!Can't wait to what's next!!
76561198089451644,Recommended,498240,24683864,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Hail2DeKING,BATMAN
76561198082964372,Not Recommended,498240,25621913,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Fenrir BlackRock,"How cool is a game with sh**** settings ? The story was great so far, but I can't even launch it properly to play episode 2. after a few moment, I succeeded and launched it, moving my ""windowed white screen 1520x..."" on my 1920x1080p laptop screen and the game appeared by magics. But then I tried to apply settings ""Fullscreen / 1920x1080p"" and the game, surprisingly, crashed again... I'm done. Waiting for a patch, I don't want to play it on a sh**** display. Pardon my bad mouth, but I'm really fed up of all these issues when the game is released. same for episode 1, some issues to display it correctly. At least, devs would delay the release date and offer a really good ""game experience"" for the players. And I'm saying this as a TellTales Games big fan. Hope you people will enjoy it, I'm done for the moment. Have a nice day"
76561198202891798,Not Recommended,498240,31751010,Posted: 14 May,all,nat.naluai,cant ♥♥♥♥ing start the the game
76561198123088760,Not Recommended,498240,24969307,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ppoompatt,crashed
,Not Recommended,498240,34240632,Posted: 14 August,all,nreeves,WTF this is the only telltale game not available on mac
,Recommended,498240,25091292,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,1# Cat in Da WURLD,HARAMBE:(
,Recommended,498240,24681919,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Darwin,Another instant classic from Telltale!
,Recommended,498240,24692284,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,frankmite,8/10
76561198099112912,Not Recommended,498240,30950197,Posted: 4 April,all,Ten toes,bad game
,Recommended,498240,24688826,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mr. Bubbles,Great game
,Not Recommended,498240,25599628,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,☠mankey☠,"Game itself isnt too bad, cloud service doesnt work and when i went to try play the game again it is making me start from the beginning again.So unless you plan on completing the game in 1 sitting maybe reconsider.Getting a refund for a broken game"
76561198061922048,Not Recommended,498240,34156257,Posted: 10 August,all,The Renegade,This game sucks. I can't play episodes 2-5. Rip off.
,Not Recommended,498240,25167681,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mr. THICC,Great ♥♥♥♥ing game. I wasn't expecting Arkham Knight 2 to come out so early. This game runs at a solid 5 FPS. Please fix. or don't. You probably won't.
76561198261290223,Not Recommended,498240,31147223,Posted: 14 April,all,robertwfish,"Overall, a disappointment. This is less a game - more of a stylized interactive comic book. The toughest challenge was to stay awake through some of the dialog - just to get to an interactive part of the game. Check YouTube gameplay videos before purchasing to see if this is what you want."
76561197970735610,Not Recommended,498240,24926846,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Hypersonic4000,"Do not like a game where you have to keep paying more for the next level, Not happy."
,Not Recommended,498240,26461380,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Squeded,Great game ruined by lack of full controller support.
76561198049949805,Recommended,498240,25581753,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,danielbyers01,people play on laptops and 10 year old pcs and then complain its broken dont work.. i have never had a single issue on my 1070 works perfect doesnt skip a beat so i dont get it
76561198086364541,Not Recommended,498240,24708244,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,whittyinthehouse,"This has been the most atrocius gameplay experience I've ever had on the PC. Now, I'm not a big PC gamer. I really just have the laptop to play some of the exclusive Steam games like Garry's Mod and TF2 and all that stuff (which, should be noted, all run perfectly fine on my current laptop.) I don't know all my individual specs or anything like that, s*it, I'm barely getting the hang of resolution. But oh my lord, this game has been a nightmare to try and play. Fourty seven minutes of gameplay and I somehow managed to do enough of the laggy, choppy, action sequence to beat Catwoman. The cutscenes are painful to watch and it was unplayable when I first opened it. After switching it to run on Windows 7 and lowering the graphics quality, the game is only slightly more playable then when I first opened it. The patch did not help with anything, the game is still running at a solid 10-15 FPS and dear god it is a painful experience. I really hope Telltale manages to fix this, but honestly, I'm going to see if I can get a refund and just purchase this for the PS4 where it'll run like a game should."
76561198107230356,Not Recommended,498240,25612128,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Nigel Peppercock,"I enjoyed the first episode of this game very much, but since the new episode came out, I can't even load the game! KILL ME!....Oh wait."
,Not Recommended,498240,29861619,Posted: 11 February,all,Oblivion,This game is quite the greatness. See you have a strange storyline to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ai on pc to a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idea of not letting you combat alone.
76561197987176654,Not Recommended,498240,29202971,Posted: 12 January,all,BlackLabel,"Wow...i mean..really ? you have rich source material and you deceide to make batman as boring as you can ? REALLY ? This is the worst telltale game to date. Bland, boring and utterly unlikeable characters all the way around. DONT BUY...wait for Discount."
,Not Recommended,498240,34460864,Posted: 24 August,all,Stingygamer,If I wanted this much story I'd pick up a book. Part of a video game is PLAYING. Yeah.
,Recommended,498240,26100577,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Dean,N
,Recommended,498240,24675961,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ManTest,This is a good TV show. I mean game
76561198317873739,Not Recommended,498240,24720331,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,joashgoh3112,Only after purchasing then you tell me that this is not recommended for laptops with integrated graphics...I need a refund.
,Not Recommended,498240,32008790,Posted: 27 May,all,A FAT BITCH ON TINDER,"Im done expecting Telltale games to tell a great taleIts like one of those anime that got overhyped and had a strong start but ran out of budget by the end and also didn't think through how it should end. Its so easy to nullify the good in an introduction when you end on such a weak and stupid note as Telltale's Batman series did.Telltale has become the ♥♥♥♥♥ of the games industry; they'll take anything to make a quick buck and you WILL get something in return. Mediocrity has always been more insulting to me than being just flatout bad. Because you know you could have done better but you thought ""good enough, drop that♥♥♥♥♥♥""Everyone is unbelievably one sided and stupid which is becoming typical of Telltale games. ""I THOUGHT YOU HAD MY BACK!? ♥♥♥♥ you Bruce you didnt get on your knees and suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥dry, we aren't bros anymore"" pretty much sums up this game and most of the characters in it. And my god; is it me or are the graphics getting worse and more riddled with glitches in TT games?Skip this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,498240,24766167,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Alexander Pistoletov,This Batman game is pretty much Warner Bros' apology for Ben Affleck.
,Not Recommended,498240,31595590,Posted: 6 May,all,smd nigga,"This thing stutters like crazy. My system can play any game at 4k at 30 to 45fps...so annoying. The devs need to get blasted. I legit left this game for months hoping that they would fix it. i come back, and its even worst! I hope people pirate any game that comes out from this company and they go bankrupt!♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥these guys!"
76561197995318908,Not Recommended,498240,24724207,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,CC,"Thumbs down because of false marketing.When the game was available for pre-order it had an Apple logo indicating that this game is playable for Mac, but as soon as the game released, they removed the logo and it was not available for Mac users.I will only recommend this game when the Mac version goes live AND if it runs smoothly like the other telltale games."
76561198010529190,Not Recommended,498240,34120328,Posted: 9 August,all,Taste It,I hate writing reviews. This game is so bad I wrote one.
,Not Recommended,498240,24680835,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Влади́мир,"game is kinda flat and bad optimized.when they fix this mess ill change my review.edit about game in general not performance: This game is a bunch of quick time event, pre rendered videos, mostly dialogues and little detective stuff which ultimately doesnt affect the outcoming.man even if you let dialogues not answering they still give u the best scenario. i tjink we all can agree this game is no way near arkham franchise.i wouldnt recomend this game if you are not into this role play gay stuff."
76561198221577964,Not Recommended,498240,27984214,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Insomnieux G.I.,"Feel free to screw around with the choices in this game, because only 5 of them matter in each episode. Tailored by choice my♥♥♥♥♥ This is my first Telltale game AND my last. The total playthrough time including the last episode won't even pass 6 hours. Story was average. AT BEST.Illusion of choice, nuff' said."
,Not Recommended,498240,26214607,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,TheWalkingSpider,My save file got deleted......
76561198145460888,Not Recommended,498240,25232925,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,(งಠᨎಠ)ง  (づ☯ᗜ☯)づ csgogem.com,my fps are so low i can't even playi need a refund immediatly
76561198031528867,Not Recommended,498240,31139649,Posted: 14 April,all,Pally,It's boring...
,Recommended,498240,24688504,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Pickle RIck,"Batman, Batman, BatmanBatman, Batman, Batman, BatmanBatman, Batman, BatmanBatman, Batman, Batman, BatmanBatman, Batman, BatmanBatman, Batman, Batman, BatmanBatman, Batman, BatmanBatman, Batman, Batman, BatmanBatman, Batman, BatmanDa da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da daBatman!Really enjoyed this game, you should definitely check this out!!"
,Recommended,498240,24686030,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,jpsm,No issues for me as of the moment. Maybe people have weak systems that is why they are giving this game a thumbs down rofl
,Recommended,498240,24689658,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,✪ AllStar Poopflicker ©,"It's unfair that this game is getting so many negative reviews due to bugs/performance issues which I have not come across.Game runs smooth for me, had absolutely no issues with sound/performace/crashing or anything like that.Loved the 1st episode and I can't wait for the next one !!!You will not regret buying it :)"
,Not Recommended,498240,25457704,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Doomsday,"Is not a game, more like an interactive story. Im a fan so i cant downvote but in retrospect not worth it as a game purchase"
76561198315866986,Not Recommended,498240,24750927,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,somegamer31,sucks
,Recommended,498240,24674215,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Teal's Tracks,Good game. It works just fine.
,Recommended,498240,24688016,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,navin prithvi,good game
76561198192444805,Not Recommended,498240,24696382,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,JereyBear,♥♥♥♥ telltale
,Recommended,498240,26217247,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Hello there,buy it or i will come for u
,Not Recommended,498240,28822151,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,COCK,not enough of the joker
,Not Recommended,498240,28108073,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mr.Bronze,"Buyer beware, the game does not work with the Xbox One controller for Windows, despite the store saying ""Full controller support"". You will reach a point where you have to press RT to progress, but it will not respond. I requested a refund."
76561198266803331,Not Recommended,498240,25503644,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,faisal-707,i dont now how to cahinge languge
,Not Recommended,498240,29848222,Posted: 11 February,all,FragLeg,"Seriously, you still can't skip cutscenes in Telltale games?"
,Recommended,498240,24674424,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ragedrew,The lag is awesome
76561198319866148,Not Recommended,498240,25542482,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,南昌崔胜贤,Don't play this game and don't buy it.It's must waste your money!We need Arkham Series!!!!!
76561198046882512,Recommended,498240,28788247,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,big box,It's a game for Batman fans who really don't care about the form. Or for fans of Telltale's products who aren't picky about the content.
76561198006842592,Recommended,498240,30481633,Posted: 12 March,all,Val,"Its fun to be batman, and it is in the traditional Telltale style of game. It certainly wasn't their best game though. I also felt that there was alot of required clicking where it didn't really need to be. The piecing together of 'clue' segements felt way to linear, and added extra time to the game, detracting from the story.It's a batman game, and it isn't bad, so it gets my thumbs up. But it is not great either."
76561198054545805,Recommended,498240,30386383,Posted: 7 March,all,DaddyGrim,"Batman: Telltale Series, barring its performance issues, was one of the most unique and outstanding narrative experiences I have ever had with Batman. Telltale knows how to tug at your heartstrings, and they seem to certainly understand what makes Batman fans enjoy their characters, along with what makes them interesting."
76561198206635020,Recommended,498240,30447192,Posted: 11 March,all,Hand me my TOP hat,Game of the year 2019
,Recommended,498240,27975781,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gräset,one of the best story for batman
,Recommended,498240,27983653,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,死神 Nazo,I'M BATMAN... Nice batman game retelling the telltale way the beging of batman...But the wiat between each episodes is too long LOL.
,Recommended,498240,27640951,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ABDULLAH,good game
,Recommended,498240,30955120,Posted: 4 April,all,Phileosophos,"I'm a Batman fan, always have been, so you should bear that in mind from the outset. Having said that, no other Batman game has hooked me this well, emotionally speaking, into the life of Batman and the Bruce-Wayne mask he wears. The writers did a masterful job of making me feel like every choice was meaningful.And even though I regularly picked what I thought was the lesser of multiple evils, the results strayed from my hopes and left me haunted for another play through. I have never seen Batman so well realized as a person making difficult choices in a world gone to **** around him.My only ""complaint"", and it isn't much of one, is that if you're looking for a game, in any traditional sense, this isn't it. Oh, you can fail at points, if you don't hit the right keys fast enough. But really you're just along for the ride. The mechanics aren't deep, at least in the sense that anyone paying attention will breeze through pretty much everything without any real possibility of failure.I'm surprised how much I enjoyed it. It's really more of a piece of interactive fiction than a game, but I still loved it."
,Recommended,498240,27755777,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gressplen,Too much water.
76561198052717442,Recommended,498240,27752389,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,elder,Pros - the story is good and engaging and I really enjoy itCons - bugs. Since 2nd chapter it's crashed twice already. This is my first Telltale game that such unreliable.Buy it for a sacke of story but be prepared for bugs
,Recommended,498240,27749766,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LeonTheBatman,"Batman: The Telltale Series is a game I enjoy as a Batman fan, but it has some technical and pacing issues. Still, the story is very interesting and tells a not so typical Batman story."
76561198110240053,Not Recommended,498240,27573190,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Alex,"I bought this game, expecting to enjoy playing through the eyes of Batman, and make choices. I played the game for 20 minutes, all I got was lag, poor framerate, and when that 20 minute mark came around my game crashed, I have been unable to open the game since, I even redownloaded it. I watched a couple of clips of the game, and it is beyond bugged. A strong dissapointment."
,Recommended,498240,27547586,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,M1cl4s,GREAT TALE!! AGAIN!!!
76561198000726682,Recommended,498240,27567699,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Waya,just awesome
76561198059079811,Recommended,498240,27579696,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Aegon the Conqueror,"I'm not experiencing any lag or framerate drops although I do have a pretty solid build.GPU- GTX 1060 6BGCPU- AMD FX 8320Ram- 8.9 BGNow for the acutal game.  Over the past year I've really gotten into reading comic books, DC ones in particular due to my love of the Flash CW show.  This game truly brings the expertise of Telltale's famous storytelling technique and the awesome world of DC comics' Batman.  If you like the comics then you'll surely love this game.  If you adore the Telltale storytelling structure you'll love this game.  9.3/10 from me.Sidenote: buy it, if in the first 20 minutes of gameplay it lags for you, then refund it."
,Recommended,498240,27910615,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DemonicPython,NANANANA BATMAN
,Recommended,498240,27921242,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,✪ Sholfier,"Didnt't do anything after finishing episode 1 (no season pass was bought)Came back a few hours ago to play episode 1 again and realising that i have all the episodees (i almost cried)Because of this the only thing i can say its amazing how the story drives5/7 ""ign r8 dis"""
,Recommended,498240,27928248,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,InSane,One of the best Telltale Series.
76561198029546683,Recommended,498240,27813659,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jaedin712,A great original take on the Batman story. I love that you play as Bruce Wayne and of course Telltale's decision making concept makes the story dynamic and amazing.
,Recommended,498240,27812815,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,89AH,awesome game
76561198188767202,Recommended,498240,25187934,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,medgard1949,"Its a great game. Has a lot of ups and downs. Great animations great characters great juicy story. My only complaint, telltales should make the decision timer longer, it's hard what to choose when im stuck in a sticky situation and the timer gives me 5 seconds to choose my actions. overall Great game!!"
76561198265011107,Not Recommended,498240,24799066,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,smcc_jjffkk,"very disappointed- batmantried to get this game to play and was very patient,checked all the advice on support to see why it kept crashing,updated all the drivers, etc and tried again over a few daysand in the end decided it wasn't worth the trouble.applied for refund only to be informed that i played the game for over four hours?don't make this mistakenever got to play game and shouldnt even have triedsorry lesson!!"
,Not Recommended,498240,24787079,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Dungeon Blaster,"Honest Review Incoming.I don't usually write reviews because other people say important stuff, but I had mixed feelings with this which I think should be heard by prospective buyers.Pro: I'm batman.Con: I can't make real choices most of the time. Fake choices, even fights don't care if you miss buttons. I literally purposefully missed little things to see if the fight would change, and I did not notice anything, the only thing that ended the game was letting someone die. Even a cool segment kind of like sherlock holmes fight scenes, of planning the attack out first. Great idea. Had no real decisions. Just connecting one thing to the only other thing around.Fin: If the choices in story, investigation and planning become more important later in the series, it could be awesome. as it is the choices and button presses even feel unimportant as though the story takes place without you there. batman will be batman. and Falcone will be a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥no matter what you do. even if you chalk his metaphorical and literal pool cue."
,Recommended,498240,24788285,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Am1rAcle,this game runs good for me no issue good gameplay good story 10/10
76561198071310906,Recommended,498240,24788867,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,SavageGut3,"For those interested but worried about the glitchyness so far I've had no issues all through episode 1 on my pc (windows 7, nvidia card) frame rate stays around 60-58 range while full-screened and highest resolution.With tech talk out of the way I'm really enjoying this game so far. Classic Telltale story and cinematic flair that previous titles have done so well. Good mix of Bruce and Batman dilemmas you have to weigh in on. I'm immersed in this story and excited for episode 2. If you enjoyed other recent Telltale games you should enjoy this one as well, if you are a newcomer that won't mind the quick-time/point-and-click style gameplay and is mainly looking for a captivating story I definitely recommend this."
,Recommended,498240,24786875,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,redb0ne,"Well after about a week of waiting for my game to stop ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ itself, and a Window 10 update (lmao), it finally became playable and yeah, it was fun. There's my review. Bye."
76561198149795400,Not Recommended,498240,24790270,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,hrmnnapretorius,"Have the latest drivers installed for my graphics card; gameplay was still rough, buggy, and rather unpolished. Objects failing to load properly, an unplayable frame rate, lip syncing, and taking ten minutes to load a two or three minute cutscene. Oh, and repeated crashing to desktop when the cutscenes finally finish loading on their own. Everything that could've gone wrong with this game did go wrong for me in the first half hour or so of gameplay. The ""high performance, low quality"" option didn't do jack, and neither did reducing the graphics settings.Refunded. This game has the worst performance of any Telltale game I've ever invested in. Not worth your money. Give it a few months and come back when it's on sale and has been adequately de-bugged like they should've done before rushing it out."
76561198132075692,Not Recommended,498240,24789058,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,スーパーロリ長門,"This is the only Telltale game I've had issues with so far, and I've played almost all of them. The game is unplayable using Fullscreen and I've had frequent framerate drops to 10FPS. This shouldn't happen when I'm able to run much more demanding games like Witcher 3 on Medium ~ High settings at a steady 30FPS. The latest ""performance patch"" did absolutely nothing to help with the issues at hand. Unless they fix said issues, I'd say give it a pass."
76561198036099526,Recommended,498240,24789580,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Colormekevin,"Game ran fine for me. I liked it, though I should note that screwing up a quick time event doesn't seem to have any consequences? I missed a couple and nothing seemed to change, other than a sound notifying that I screwed up."
76561198094639702,Recommended,498240,24785589,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,mangomunchingmonkey,"Even though some of the controls are thrown to you with little explanation, it is a great game. I do feel lucky that i've played other telltale games to expect what could and will happen at certain points. If you was a fresh gamer - BEWAREI can't beleive how much of a cliff hanger this has created to leave me an inch away from my screen.. It's like when your a child and your mother saying '' I've gonna get mcdonald's'', As she drove off your face won't move from the window anticipating that amazing arrival!.. All i can do now is wait for episode 2 and have to wait at that window again.. great game!!"
,Recommended,498240,24729405,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ronakk,"I will say this ahead of time, as I feel it might be important. I have a very... interesting relationship with Telltale. It's interesting in the fact that I love them and hate them at the same time.  See, the last game of theirs I finished was the Game of Thrones one. And I hated it with a passion. Don't get me wrong, it was a good game. But every time a new episode released, something always happened to delete my save files. And I had to play through it all. Every. Single. Time. So you can imagine my blissful crying session when I found that Cloud Saving was a thing in Batman. No longer would I be forced to keep my save files on an external hard drive. Now, I shall talk about the game.This is a ♥♥♥♥ing great game.No, that was not all I have to say about it. Without offering spoilers... or at least too many, I can say that this will not be a single-villain game. From what I can tell, we may be facing one main antagonist per episode, slowly building up the stories for others as we play through. The game focuses on who you would expect a Batman game to. Alfred. No, that was a lie, although Telltale... Alfred DLC? :D The game focuses on Bruce, which is actually something different from a Batman game. It's not 100% Batman. It's about finding that spot between Bruce being a person, this billionaire who wants to do something for Gotham while at the same time trying to balance it between his nightly activities as what can only be described as a bat fetish. Or you can do what I did in my second playthrough. Make Bruce a complete and utter prick and Batman a ""Ha... you looked at me. I WILL BREAK YOU!"" kind of guy. You know. As you do. The new engine runs great, at least from my experience with it. I think that there is only one real issue I have with the game... Shift + Q(or E) QTE prompts. Telltale games were the only things keeping my Q key loved, the only thing that it really got used for. And now I have to schedule a time OUTSIDE of a Telltale game to spam the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it, as it was replaced with pressing Shift at the same time. There there, Q..... qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq. Feel better?Buy the game, you won't regret it."
76561198088734574,Recommended,498240,24730145,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,AMexicanDrugDealerFromCanada,"Despite day one bugs (that I didn't experience in particular). This is an amazing game. Telltale, you've done-done it again.On a side note:GIVE ME THE SECOND EPISODE! YOU CAN'T SIMPLY END THE FIRST EPISODE THERE!I NEED MORE!I NEED ANSWERS!"
,Recommended,498240,24730213,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Devonicus,(Written after Episode 1) Very awesome addition to both the Batman and TellTale collections. Worth the play.
,Recommended,498240,24744514,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Sparingtech43,"i have only had it crash once, it had also just been downloaded and on high settings. I have already finished the first episode and the story is very detailed you can play the batman we know or go crazy with him by killing."
,Recommended,498240,24748552,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Microsoft PowerPoint,"This game's pretty good.Y'know, the usual, beating up people with a cool storyline behind it."
76561198026029198,Recommended,498240,24748641,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,DrewIsNotJewish,The game ran perfect for me on Windows 1010/10Get those episodes out!!It's a great story!
,Recommended,498240,24721786,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,nobody exists on purpose,"Gameplay: It's what you'd expect from a Telltale game - sort of like a TV show with quicktime events.  Everything felt fluid, the slow-downs for your interactive input felt cinematic instead of hindering.Story: I've played just the first episode, of course.  Based off just that, however, I feel like we've got a great early Batman story on our hands.  I really enjoy Batman stories involving the early days when it was thugs and mob bosses and he was learning how to be an ideal as well as balance his rage with striking fear into his foes.  Can't wait to see where it leads us in the future.Appearance: I think the game looks just fine (it's a Telltale game, expect that appearance) and plays fine after the patch.  The only wonky thing I noticed was a scene near the end where your actions as Batman were recapped on the news.  The reporter seemed somewhat pieced together with quick-cuts between different segments of the story.  It wasn't too jarring but I did notice it.  Overall, an unimportant issue as it existed in previous games recaps as well.Overall, I rate it a ""Buy It/10""EVGA GTX 980tii7 6700k @ base clock speeds16gb DDR4 @ 2400; HyperX Fury"
,Recommended,498240,24716437,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,jaker,"Very short but interesting. Just the base to jump off and get the action started in the upcoming episodes!Not the beauty inpersongame, serves just enough to deliver the plot."
76561198110244770,Recommended,498240,24723026,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Frosty,"Hello everybody , i havent any problems with the game it was very good batman telltale enough to wait for episode 2 i m a fanatic of batman so i played every game with batman so i will give a note 9/10"
,Recommended,498240,24723120,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Shady Boots,"I'm still getting issues with stuttering on my end, running with an RX 480, but for the most part it's still perfectly playable. Luckily it didn't interfere with the QTE sections, it was mostly during scene changes. Not to mention when it comes to TellTale's standards, it's definitely their best-looking game to date.I'll admit I didn't have high hopes for this series, but I was impressed by the strong premiere, and I found the focus on Bruce Wayne's side of the story very refreshing in a Batman game. I love the Arkham series, of course, but I always wanted a game that delved more into his life as Bruce, and I do believe that if any developer could explore that, it's TellTale.I'm pretty excited to see where this series goes. Let's hope the future episode releases won't be marred by technical issues."
,Recommended,498240,26380661,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Merwin ™,"For your info, this is my first telltale game, so I am overwhelmed by the experience.Let's get straight to the review:Some of you are wanting this game to improve in terms of stuttering and sudden FPS drops, and I cant deny I wish that too but I am not as much as a  technical gamer, as much a very well driven gamer by stories, gameplay and music, these technical issues don't fuss me as long I can run the game, on a mid-high ending gaming laptop (Y50)but what made me 98% convinced to buy this game, it is because simply BATMAN, in a way you'll never experience in adventure game, you'd get to enter the mind of Bruce Wayne, and what makes me love it more, the psychology within it.The story is so deep, it maybe behind from the true comic sense, but you'll love the interaction and get to be Bruce Wayne more than The Dark Knight.Sensibilty in politics and mind skills are a must in order to fulfil the destiny, choose wisely, but in the end you can try again for more than million times.If you are a true batman fanatic like me, and he is considered your favorite superhero, then you should buy this game,If you are a comic fan, give it a try before the demo ends, and see within yourselfif you are a casual comic fan, it won't harm you if you try with your friends.if you are an extreme gamer who wants graphics > story, then don't buy this game, you'll suffer a lotif you are a gamer like me, yes buy itif you are a casual gamer who has no sense, why even bother reading my review ?Try the demo, it won't hurt, and thats my experience based on, I bought it because I enjoyed the Demo, and I was convinced.""Hello. I came to talk. I've been thinking lately. About you and me. About what's going to happen to us, in the end. We're going to kill each other, aren't we? Perhaps you'll kill me. Perhaps I'll kill you. Perhaps sooner. Perhaps later. I just wanted you to know that I'd made a genuine attempt to talk things over and avert that outcome. Just once. Are you listening to me? It's life and death I'm discussing here. Maybe my death... maybe yours. I don't fully understand why ours should be such a fatal relationship, but I don't want your murder on my... hands..."" - The Killing Joke"
,Recommended,498240,26631883,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Radorn,"Enjoyable Telltaele game. Good Batman story. A few bugs here and there, but nothing gamebreaker (text turns black and unreadable on one occation). you could buy worst things."
,Recommended,498240,26688089,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Xenophage,"Runs great on my rig.  It is a standard Telltale game and quite fun, despite some subpar writing and annoying political commentary."
,Recommended,498240,26626171,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SteveHolt!,"The one reason why I continue to buy Telltale games is for the story. This game does not fail to deliver that. I understand that many people have been experiencing performance issues, but I haven't run into that myself. As a huge Batman fan, I feel that this game really does deliver a story that lives up to the franchise. Some people complain that the save system just isn't any good, but I feel that hte reason the game forces you to save every 15 minutes or so, is to make you live with the decisions that you have made, which I think is a good thing. this is another home run for Telltale in my opinion."
76561198095398668,Recommended,498240,26761733,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,T1ME,"Just played the first two episodes and I have had no glitches or framerate issues whatsoever. So I don't know what everyone is talking about. This game is great in terms of story. Granted, it's the usual Telltale formula where you have the illusion of choice, and the game kind of follows the same direction no matter what you pick. But I went in knowing and expecting that. It doesn't change the fact that Telltale still knows how to tell a really good story. At first I was wary because, once again, it's another Batman origin story. He's in his first few years of being the Batman, and his main villains haven't really shown up in Gotham yet, but they manage to make everything unique and not a slave to the comics or to the movies. This is a Batman story that we have not seen yet, which I am greatful for, having read most of his comics and knowing the lore behind everyone. I also congratulate them on making me like Penguin so far, my least favorite Batman character. The story isn't completely over yet, so we'll see where that goes. But for now, Batman The Telltale Series has a strong recommendation from me."
,Not Recommended,498240,26547797,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,yakz,"Weird bugs with mouse cursor lag and resolution scaling, tried with Xbox One controller and inputs on screen didn't even match controller inputs. Technically broken, unplayable garbage. I've always had borderline bad experiences with the technical aspects of Telltale's software, but this is easily the worst."
,Not Recommended,498240,26725774,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Shiegurl85,"I LOVE Telltale games, but until they fix this one I will have to not recommend.I am still only in ep 1 and I am not really feeling the choice factor in this game that normally comes with Telltale games. In one scene I chose not to harm the bad guy, choosing to intimidate instead. And yet in the the very next scene Alfred is yelling at me for beating a man half to death and puting him into hospital and my only choices are me admiting to beating him up... uhhhh, did I miss something.Also not a fan of the 'gameplay' aspect. I decided to watch a fight without actually hiting the keys. Visually there was no difference. It was only to do with whether you were successful or not :/ For their most recent game, why did they drop the feature of if you missed a button nothing happened or you get hit.In saying that I kinda like some of the aspects, and the story is good, even though what you do makes absolutely no difference at all, except for that very second that you make the decision, because everything seems to reset on the next scene. It is also a bad sign when I find myself pausing the game quite often and finding something else to do, unlike the others."
76561198038926274,Not Recommended,498240,26725894,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Kelleck,"Keeps lagging, no matter what I do with the graphics settings."
76561198138427901,Recommended,498240,26740968,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Contrasuggestible,"It's Batman. Not anything like the Batman that we've all come to love. Christian Bale's Batman was cool, but a massive departure from what Batman really is: a detective. Not just any detective, a BA, crime-fighting, masked, vigilante, ninja detective. And he has no short of smarts. Telltale does a great job of pay homage to the Old Batman, while turning it into a whole new animal.Granted; there were some SERIOUS frame-rate issues in episode 3... Like, the worst. But that is something that we have come to expect from Telltale, and we can expect that it will be patched.The Storytelling is first rate. While this is sort of a choose your own adventure kind of game, it has a way of making you feel really bad about the choices that you make, and you can never predict how people will react.So far, I think this game deserves an 8.5, but that number will likely change as more episodes are released."
,Recommended,498240,26741549,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Uhohhotdog,It's Batman. It's Telltale.  If you like them both you'll like this.I don't have performance issues but I did have a bug that caused my save file to be corrupted and had to start all over again.
,Recommended,498240,26729390,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,mudderwhetaf,"This game is good for a telltale game.I recently bought it and finished the three episodes availible with a friend in one sitting. The game crashes that came with it on release date are gone. I only crashed once, but after that it never happened again.The story is pretty good, with some twists here and there.All in all, I recommend this game."
,Recommended,498240,26911519,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nio Darkwind,"Technical issues aside, I feel that this game has one of the better stories that the Dark Knight has had outside of comics.  Telltale has giving us the freedom to make our Batman and throw us a few surprises along the way."
,Recommended,498240,26903030,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Duck Dealer,"This game...just, wow. This game is amazing.The art style, the story, the gameplay, all amazing.It was the thing that got me interested in DC...Mostly Batman though.You should really get this game, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,498240,26911070,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Übermensch,plz no harvey <3 <3 <3
,Recommended,498240,26925493,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Give me my l0ife back!,"Great story, but laggy at sometimes."
76561198045418562,Recommended,498240,26955553,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,General Dickstache,Fun telltale game made for batman fans. But has some issue sadly. Not there best product but still enjoyable.
76561198127555487,Recommended,498240,26959242,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pooh_Bear,A completely different game style than arkham but arguably just as good
,Recommended,498240,25823687,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,GameADayGamer,First 15 minutes and my thoughts/review. Enjoy.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLbxdyzJgZ8
,Recommended,498240,24677615,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Scox,"Episode 2:Just finished episode 2, even better then 1. I love the storyline and action they have put into this series. Ran into zero issue running the game as well. Can't wait for episode 3. This is one of my favorite TTG series of all time, they have done a superb job with this IP. Some major twists in the origins of the Wayne family fortune and the man that Thomas Wayne was.Epsidoe 1:This is one of the best series TTG has put out yet. Loving every minute of it. Not sure why there are so many people having issues, but those are technical and will be patched I'm sure. The game and gameplay are amazing."
,Recommended,498240,25935799,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Kal,"No idea why people are saying the game isn't optimised and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Game ran smooth for me, had no problems. PRetty interesting story. It's great"
76561198205417548,Recommended,498240,24791631,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,GreenArcherr,Nice Game. I like the story and graphics are good. don't have any issues with the game. Love it
,Recommended,498240,24816646,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,The Pretender,"The term ""unplayable"" is one that is thrown around frequently in such a way that the word often loses meaning. But in this case, I think that it is an apt description of my experience with Batman The Telltale Series. We all know that QTEs are an essential part of Telltale's method of storytelling and that is what you buy the game for, essentially.I saw a few videos on the internet that displayed how combat would work and I was excited to give it a try. To my frustration, though, when I bought this game as a birthday gift to myself, I got stuck on a section for 10 minutes that is supposed to last 30 seconds, the very first fight sequence.See, the game has a frame rate issue for certain computers. I tried to look into the issue, spent 6 hours of my day trying to fix it, but nothing I did would matter. See, the game gives you 1 second to react to a QTE (which doesn't sound very long, but it is). The problem is, the instructions on the screen are late. You have to have already pressed the associated button prior to the instructions for it to be registered. It's undoubtedly to do with the framerate issues.I've run it at it's lowest settings, I have called with NVIDIA to fix the issue and nothing seems to change the simple fact that this game simply refuses to run well. So, I've given up. I am refunding my game. I do not recommend this title until Telltale fixes the issues.EDIT: Never mind. I have changed the settings on my own, finding out how to do it after 6 hours of talking with experts didn't get me the advice I needed. Playing the game like this is much more enjoyable and I'd like to change my tune to recommend it. Edits pending for more information about the game as I progress."
76561198027962164,Recommended,498240,24793638,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Tahki,"Technical hiccups can make it unplayable at times, and it took me a long time of scrolling through possible solutions on the internet in order to make it run, but if you can get past those obstacles it's really a great game."
,Not Recommended,498240,24793934,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,techninjoe Plays VR,"I would love to leave a review for the game itself but when I'm at my PC lately, I am typically playing games on my Vive.  I've tried playing over my Steam Link and I got the black screen which is infuriating so I went to my PC to test it and surely it worked fine from what I could tell... Just annoying that I cannot figure out how to play it on Steam Link in my bedroom.  I've also been waiting for the Mac version so I can at least play it at work but even though it said ""later this week"" it still hasn't come.. ugh.. This has been a mess so far.  The only thing keeping me from doing a refund is Telltale's pedigree... But from reading the reviews on Steam, I am starting to second guess that."
76561198074725622,Recommended,498240,24677973,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,kturs,"UpdatedI was really excited for this one. But as it often happens with lot`s of games, and almost always with Batman, u can`t really enjoy it at the moment. The FPS is 10 at the moment (GTX870), the journal bug at the beggining of the episode is only fixed by restarting from checkpoint and not clicking it ever, no fullscreen mode, and I am stuck at the warehouse now, cause two evidence dots just don`t connect and there are no other options to go through this sequence (like there was with the journal bug described above). The story is interesting, but i can`t really enjoy it because of all the techical stuff. Hope it doesn`t take them 3-4 months to fix it, like it happened with Arkham Knight.Update. After a couple of updates, the game now runs very smoothly (although, the full screen issue is still there for now). Everything I described, has been fixed, everything about the game is very good now, the animation, the fps, the controls work perfectly. So now I can honestly say I enjoy the game very much. And I think that it`s great that they fixed the issues so fast, just hope all the next episodes will run smoothly from the start. Now I can recommend this game, I think it`s a great one for any Batman fan, or just any player, who likes a good story and entertaining adventure games."
76561198100806114,Recommended,498240,24804369,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Darth_Vedder5,great experience overall. it was an interesting story and  i cant wait for the next episodes to come out!
76561198123115695,Recommended,498240,24752390,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Knight,"Do not Buy!!!!! Game cannot be played it is flawed, you will be given a black screen extremly low frames or just kicked out. I was able to play this fine before the patch but now i get a black screen and i've done everything telltale asked of me to fix the issue from unchecking to alt and enter nothing works, TellTale since twd ur games have gotten worse the quality is going down now this looks like a rushed game as everyone is having problems, now i can't play the damn game because of ur ♥♥♥♥ing patch!Update Game fixed and was promptly e-mailed by telltales and just started game. This game is amazing! The graphics are the best in a telltales game  the gameplay is great too, new button combination to perform attacks makes game more challenging and fun. Story is very good and finally great again since twd and the snow white game, u know what i mean. In all im very happy with this game its so fun and i finsiehd the episode wanting so much more which tells u, the game is very good, now we have to wait to play it but i highly reccomend buying this game this episode alone was worth the $25.00 this game looks so beatiful final scoregraphics 10control 9sound 10overall 10This game is just to fun and well control is great but walking slow no run or walk fast caused me to dock Batman a point sorry Telltale games. I love this game please make the rest of the episodes just as good and much longer, also the length on this episode was ok needs it least another hour to it it but was tolerable because of how fun it was, length maybe 1:30 way too short!"
76561197972907733,Recommended,498240,24815529,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Captain Tripps,"This take on Batman is fresh, stylish, and fits well in the Tell Tale formula. I've noticed a number of these reviews mention technial problmes, I didn't run into any issues, which  most Tell Tale games (on console at least) do come with some rough edges. You do play as Batman a bit more than the reviews lead on, the majority I've read talk about the focus on Bruce Wayne. The quick time fight scenes are pretty awesome, on the level with TFTBL, My biggest complaint is the addition  of the SHIFT + Q/E  button presses during quick time fights. I'd love the option to remap this because while the command is POSSIBLE it's not extremely fun to press during a fight scene. Although Batman teaches typing has a ring to it.  Overall if you like the Tell Tale and Batman, you'll love it."
76561198091771163,Not Recommended,498240,24803433,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Cat Jumper,"I played it on Xbox first, and boy were there framerate issues. I hoped that perhaps the PC version would give me some satisfaction, but I was sorely mistaken. The framerate had improved (for the most part) on PC, but it came with a whole load of other issues. What I got was a poorly optimized mess of sharp pixel edges, choppy animations, glitches, and the most broken resolution I have ever seen. A huge chunk of the screen is entirely inaccessible due to the resolution errors. When you set it to 1920x1080, you are treated as if you're using 1280x720. The game it just a huge mess, apparently on every version. I expect better from Telltale, I am dearly dissapointed. The story is good enough luckily, and I enjoyed it once I looked past the gameplay issues. Outside of your choices meaning almost nothing, the game itself is quite good. Not Telltale's best work, but storytelling is okay. I unfortunately just cannot recommend this game to anyone in it's current state. It is just too broken. If Telltale ever gets around to fixing it up, maybe it'll be worth it. Until then, I imagine I will be refunding it."
76561198010143537,Recommended,498240,24809709,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,WARFAR,"As usual telltale has once again made an amazing game, that is tailored by how you play and that leaves you to make the decisions. Love it!"
76561198238696566,Recommended,498240,24810219,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,FreeDean96,"As a hardcore Batman comics fan, I loved it! The game allows me to show the brutal side of Batman I always loved."
,Recommended,498240,25901723,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,F R A N K H O U S E,"Outside of the ZERO 21:9 support,I love the game and the storyline I have been able to play thru so far."
,Recommended,498240,24682984,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,mhenryblack,"Update 10-27-2016Telltale support is responsive, I will say that.  There are bugs, which is unfortunate.  BUT BUT BUT....GREAT FREAKING STORY!!!!I love the twist that have taken, a new a fascinating take on batman.!!!TECHNICAL HELP!!!  ANTI-ALIASING IS THE ISSUE!My personal experience.  I have a decent PC, nothing high end.  When I first attempted to run it, it froze before I got to the guard in the first scene.  (Gotham Skyline)I can run it fine, in fullscreen 1080, hardly any FPS lag.TURN THE ANTI-ALIASING OFF.  (Settings/Graphics)   Set the game to your native resolution.  Enjoy.I played about half an hour or so before I quit to write this.  I absolutely love it.  Another great take on the myth of the Batman and a fine tell-tale game.PS - Anti-aliasing can put a huge load on a GPU it is also where many graphic bugs will originate.  disabling will perhaps make your game appear less smooth on the edges, but it can save a low FPS rate.  IMO it is not a great loss sometimes, Borderlands did not even have it as an option.  When available FXAA will work best on lower-to-middle class graphics cards.SO if you have a game you absolutely love, but it might be hard for your system to run, try dis-abling the anti-aliasing.  (AS WELL AS V-SYNC, v-sync is the a notorious FPS killer)"
,Recommended,498240,25088674,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Sasuke,"Absoultely Amazing, Brings you into the universe like no other. If you are a Batman fan this is a must get."
,Recommended,498240,25092691,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,VfxTV,Great game!  I love that telltale stuck to the no killing aspect to Batman as they are known to have a lot of killing in their other game titles.Great work can't wait for episode 2!
,Recommended,498240,24733488,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,a rock or something,I paid $25 to look at a black screen.Update: I got it working and it's good.
,Recommended,498240,24735150,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,kamalkaf,Can't even start the game after changing some graphic settings.Edit: After an update its working now.
76561198024504977,Recommended,498240,25160642,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,matthiaswuethrich,What an amazing game that is. I must say the graphics are amazing. And the voice-acting is supereb. THe story itself is amazing too and brings lots of surprises. I wish I could un-know what I know and play again for the first time. WOW. Defenitly going to re-play it a couple times
,Recommended,498240,25167438,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Inumaru08,"I have played Arkhamverse Batman game (I'm just started playing the Arkham Knight). My opinion about the Telltale Batman is:They really showed us how we player plays as Bruce to choose how our life as an orphaned billionare & Batman goes. The story is rich, it's just like a live comic books. Well I can't say a lot for the graphics because it's really had the Telltale style, but still I think it's one of the best Batman game with the strong story.I recommend everyone to play this game, it's enjoyable for a someone new at Batman game or for the diehard fans."
76561198106834667,Recommended,498240,25152996,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Kilroy,"It's a little laggy which I don't mind during the conversations, but it makes the combat pretty difficult. I can't speak for others though, I don't exactly have the best computer. Beside that, the voice acting, action, and choices are all fantastic. I would definetely buy this game if you meet the requirements."
,Recommended,498240,25121360,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Jesus Cat,This game is not deserved to be that roasted
76561198005541446,Recommended,498240,24997567,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,MisterNguyen951,This is my review for Episode 1: A Realm of Shadows!https://youtu.be/VZYN9pZtIy4
76561198153937582,Recommended,498240,25049262,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,JustAlexV,Great GameProbably my favourite from Telltale so far(Although I wish I could be nice to Alfred)
76561198093785750,Recommended,498240,25079680,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,H*ck,Interesting new take on batman. The story has potential and defenitley has my attention and if you can work past the bugs and glitches you'll find a very fun game with the option to be The Hero Gotham needs or the brutal vigilante striking fear into criminals everywhere. 7/10
,Recommended,498240,25079857,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Spielen Spielberg,"Another well told story from Telltale. I enjoyed it quite a bit. Did experience one crash throughout the first episode, though. 10/10 would crash again."
,Recommended,498240,24911768,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Ponente,"I'm a simple man. I see a Batman game, I buy it.Seriously though, this is a different take on our favorite superhero. Telltale is good at story-telling and this Batman game is no exception."
76561198312383142,Recommended,498240,24892762,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,grady2k12,"It's really hard to judge since only have one episode right now, but enjoyed the story of the first episode. It appears they used the TV series Gotham's Oswald Cobblepot version as I don't ever remember the character being tall and lean in the comics or movies. The graphics were great and didn't have any FPS issues that others reported."
,Recommended,498240,24906346,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,RenyNoise,"This is my first Telltale game, and I'm quite impressed, I'm blown away by the story and just how well the character dialog is written. This isn't by any means an Arkham style action game, but story wise, I definitley cannot wait for more."
76561197970562893,Recommended,498240,24683104,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Maj. Dave,Patched up and good to go in typical telltale style.Not to sure about the story I mean it looks as though you get penalised for playing as Batman. Brutal crime fighter.....Whatever its still pretty good
76561198042399226,Recommended,498240,24912112,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Arkese,"Got this the day after realse and could not play it due to it crashing at a certin part. But the very next day a patch was released and my problem was gone now i do admit to me the quitck time events are a little hard because the key strokes and clicks of the mouse feel delayed but the game give you pretty good ammount of time to do the quick time events in my opinion to counter this cause i did the first quicktime event secenario (which is quite long as well) flawless and thats with the delay. Then the talk times usally have a decent time but some of them feel like they have a shorter time but if you can read at a reasonable rate you should be able to read them and pick one before times up. The only problem i have is the choices are quite mileading sometimes like one (SPOILER AHEAD) where it says i belive something like ""enjoy the wine is worth more than you"" but most of us thought it was going to be him joking about the wine but nope it makes bruce a straight up♥♥♥♥♥♥kind of a funny suprise though lol)"
76561198029277665,Not Recommended,498240,24700240,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,H3llboy,"I don't write reviews for games on steam.  I'm pretty upset at this point though because I'm not able to play this game.  This is not an issue I typically have in 2016.  I was able to launch the game fine and when I went into video options and switched to full screen 1080p the game froze.  I then rebooted and now all I get is a white screeen with music.  I'm not even able to get my video setting back to where they should be.  How does this still happen?  Why are you releasing games with issues like this?  Usually I'm pretty thrilled with Telltale launches, but this one....no."
76561198114409891,Not Recommended,498240,24697774,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,SchistStorm,This game is still unplayable. it refuses to switch to 1920x1080p and it is unberably laggy. do not buy still!
76561198000322483,Recommended,498240,24699986,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,_=(DoD)=_Deli,"If you like wolf among us, you'll like this game as well!"
,Recommended,498240,24730459,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,suzerstar,"At first play, this seemed super cool!   The game ran perfectly fine on my PC  before the update, which completely broke it   :-/   White screen changing to a black screen and no game to follow.   It is certainly not my Alienware (I7 6700HQ, GTX 970 12GB RAM)  Hopefully they plan on releasiing another fix. Until that time I can not recommend this game.UPDATE:I contacted  Telltale support, they quickly (within minutes!) got back to me with the solution.Definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,498240,24731429,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,SkyBluINC | csgo-skins.com,Loved it. Made me see batman from different angle.Still they need to do something about performance issues.
,Recommended,498240,24727996,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Riotoro,"Love the story, Love the game"
76561198050481769,Recommended,498240,24726643,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,"What_Are_You_,Gay!?",Heard there were issues with performance but I never experianced any problems.
76561198049864054,Recommended,498240,24678189,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,NikeTheSword,Review written at the launch of ep.1.Writing seems to be up to Telltale standards and delivers what you'd expect of familiar Batman characters. I understand that the first chapter tries to set up the story but there's only so much you can fit in about two hours of gameplay. It left some of the scenes shallow and instead of focusing on few main characters it threw them all in bit too quickly. However few characters deviated from their typical depiction and it felt fresh and interesting.Didn't run into any bugs myself but the framerate did occasionally drop to 10-20. Camera angles were bit annoying with Batman usually filling the screen especially in detective scenes.Recommended because despite few flaws it still feels and acts like a Telltale game.
,Recommended,498240,24678190,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,The Jarl,Well I believe that this game isn't as bad as everyone says cause it's only crashed once while I played and the story is great I love Batman and I love Telltale games. You shouldn't let the mixed reviews sway you from buying this game since we all know that we just want.....JUSTICE!
76561198048093245,Recommended,498240,24678227,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,cachaflo,"*I FOUND A FIX THE EXTREME LAGI have an NVIDIA gpu, I went into the NVIDIA control center and went to the global settings tab and changed the GPU select from auto to my dedicated GPU. The problem for me was that it was choosing my intel integrated graphics card to run the game instead of my dedicated GPU. Hopefully this will fix most of your problems! :)"
,Not Recommended,498240,24678221,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,KaffeinatedDC,"Don't know what is the PROBLEM with batman franchise overall.First the ArkhamKnight and now Telltale games.Didn't expect this from telltale games, the game is nice though, but is unplayable to be true in its current form.Will wait for the fix, as it has controller problems, the dialogues and controls are out of sync by ""a mile"" if not more.And the FPS, well it struggles to maintain constantly 10 fps even!!.I know they'll fix, but why do developers release games in such a poor form?It would've been better if they would've notified us regarding the issues in first place and hence delayed the launch.Cos releasing a  game, of this much hype and then failing to deliver a quality product, simply kills all the hype and that feel of pre-ordering a game.It would've been less painful if they would've delayed it in the first place.And before concluding I'll just state all you reading the article and would want people not only from Telltale games but also other developers as well, is that Why did people like me pre-ordered the Telltale batman game, there weren't any exclusive contents, no free or bonus contents, not even a digital art book or OST. We preordered this very game or even other games as well because of the emotion and the feelings, the feeling of getting it on the very second it releases. That simply just cannot be described by mere words, and all of you guys do know what I'm talking about, And even the games that do come with exclusives, I'm very sure that most of the people get motivated more by feeling than those bonus packs or schemes.Please guys, Do prioritise the emotions before a game's release, cos it'll give you the loyalty of the fans, they'll be yours for the years to come, donot release broken games, it hurts more than anything to see the excitement go away in just a few seconds, that are of such capability, that they even prevent us even from getting into sleep, those emotions, the excitements are most important for not only the gamers, but also to the developers and the publishers as well, because by only prioritising the feelings above all the aspects will give you loyalty, the trust of the masses.Please do consider!!Peace."
76561198106301275,Not Recommended,498240,24678319,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,October,Game crashes and I get less that 10 frames disappointed
76561198191832193,Not Recommended,498240,24678639,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Jash,"The game is glitchy/buggy when I try to walk around and look for clues, when it's actually being normal the game is boring and full of unnecessary diologue. They could have done a way better job with this game in my opinion.Note: If you have a PC that isn't the best for gaming, do not get this game thinking you can run it because the graphics aren't realistic. This game takes a pretty good CPU and GPU (i5-6200+ & GTX 750ti+)"
76561198048164088,Recommended,498240,24677705,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Coolnushi,"I've been reading all the reviews, and I haven't been recieving any of the problems people are listing. Either way the game shows great potiental and I enjoyed playing the first episode."
,Not Recommended,498240,24677804,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,YourChromosomeDealer,We're going back to Arkham Knight stage again
76561198047890740,Not Recommended,498240,24674570,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,noreason,"First of all I almost never had any problems with telltale games before except for late episode releases. I was so hyped for this game and it runs so bad on PC.Some bad things this game does:Unskippable intro, really great, welcome back to the 90sGame pauses when alt tabbed, woah flashback to the 90s againOnly three graphical options in game (AA on/off; fullscreen on/off and resolution)While starting the first episodes I noticed huge mini stuttering, skipping animations and not able to have stable 60 fps or higher. FPS drops are huge!I have 980 ti and can't even run this game at stable 60 fps.I lost all faith for telltale, during the rest games it was ok, I wasnt expecting more, but they have grown really much, putting out more games all over the place, but learns nothing at all during their adventure.Just beware before you buy this game."
76561198015794331,Recommended,498240,24682439,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Kyote,"Finished episode one without any problems. My PC is about 3 years old and I had no issues at all.The game felt like more quick time events than most telltale games, but it's Batman so what do you expect? I'm not sure what original lore they are following in this series but it seems they are making their own for this one shot series.Would I recommend this game?If you are a comic book fan and prefer quicktime events to conversation choices, then yes.If you expect the rich story driven experience like The Walking Dead, then no.I am a comic book nerd so I am rating this a YES!!!! Cool batman action when he was still a rookie. A definate fun buy for fans like me."
,Recommended,498240,24678351,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ashmayonaise,"Very good game, but I didn't expect less from Telltale.They have once again done a great job storywise and did a great job making a good batman persona.The only dislike I have is the glitches and lag, the glitches come at random, the lag is everytime the same. *EDITED: Since they updated it I do not have any issues anymore*But I was able to play the game and full on love it. So it's nothing I would be bothered with.9.5/10 for this amazing game!"
,Recommended,498240,24683437,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,SurgicalSteel,"[Episode 1]Technical stuff out of the way first:I don't know if there's been an update since some of the other reviews were written, but I was able to play the whole game in full screen at 1920x1080 with a perfectly smooth framerate and no sound sync issues. I did get the Codex bug, and that was annoying, but once I got around (by just not visiting the Codex until asked to) there were no other issues with the game. Here are my system's specs from Speccy:Operating SystemWindows 7 Home Premium 64-bit SP1CPUAMD FX-6120	56 °CZambezi 32nm TechnologyRAM10.0GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 664MHz (9-9-9-24)MotherboardGigabyte 2AC8 (CPU 1)	53 °CGraphicsBenQ GL2460 (1920x1080@60Hz)2047MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 950 (EVGA)	51 °CStorage931GB Seagate ST1000DM003-1ER1 SCSI Disk Device (SATA)	35 °COptical DrivesDTSOFT Virtual CdRom Devicehp DVD-RAM SW810 SCSI CdRom DeviceAudioIDT High Definition Audio CODECThe gameplay feels like a Telltale Game, but with a little more frenetic QTEs during fight sequences. I normally hate QTE fight sequences with slim input windows, like the end of Far Cry 3, but in this game they're fun for one major reason: you don't fail immediately for missing a button, the fight just goes in a different direction.This first episode introduces two interesting mechanics: detective work and action planning. During the detective sequence you have to find clues at the scene, then choose which clues to link together to form a theory about what happened. During the action planning scene, you tag baddies and link them to objects in the environment to plan your takedowns. It's somewhat similar to the tagging mechanic in Splinter Cell: Conviction. Interestingly, it's actually more interactive than Splinter Cell's implementation; after you've set up your plan, you still have to pass a QTE for each stage of your plan. Unfortunately, there were few choices to make during either of these sequences, but I'm hoping that's just because it's the first episode and they're introducing the mechanics.Both the animation and voice performances are somewhat uneven. Bruce Wayne and Harvey Dent sound a little off, while Falcone, Cobblepot and Vicky Vale are solid. Similarly, the animation is hit or miss. Walk animations and small movements in particular look strange. Bruce walks like he has a metal rod for a spine, and there's little anticipation or easing, making things look a little robotic, sometimes.In lieu of spoiling anything about the story, I'll just say I'm interested in where it's going to go. Which, for me, is the primary reason I play Telltale Games. As long as the technical issues aren't too bad, if the story is interesting enough I'm satisfied. That pretty much describes Batman: The Telltale Series: Episode 1 in a nutshell."
,Recommended,498240,24677896,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,GanEv,"FPS Fix (Sorry AMD users can't help you just make sure you're not using your integrated card)Do this even if you think you're preferred graphics card for everything is your NVIDIA cardOpen Nvidia Control Panel>Manage 3D Settings>Program Settings>Add>(Find your batman_win7/8.exe)>Set preferred graphics processor for this program to: (High-performance NVIDIA processor)>Close Control PanelFull Screen and Resolution FixFind your batman_win7/8.exe file (Probably located in your Steam folder at Steam/Steamapps/common/Batman The Telltale Series)>Right Click exe> Select Properties>Compatibility>Check the box labeled ""Disable display scaling on high DPI settings""> Apply>OKGo back to steam>Launch Game>Do Telltale's Job for them> Enjoy!Hope this helped."
,Recommended,498240,24683524,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Boner Jams '03,"I have read other reviews complaining of various technical issues, none of which I experiecned throughtout my playthrough (I use a GTX 970). So if you're as lucky as I and don't encounter any issues I can promise you that you'll have a good time playing the opening episode to this primising effort from Telltale Games. The game captures the atmospheres of both Batman and Bruce Wayne perfectly. I see a lot potential for this series and hope telltale doesn't fall short and delivers a phenomenal game!!"
,Recommended,498240,24683561,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dougomite,"If you like Telltale's style then you're in for more. No gut wrenching choices just yet but definitely many opportunities to define Batman, Bruce and what he feels about others and how he treats them. You want to be a cold, uncaring Bruce; a violent selfish Batman; or just the opposites, then you can play that out and see where it gets you. The direction of the story also nicely rides that line of ambiguity, never really knowing if you have the full story or if you're making the right choice with what you know at the time. It's also got some cool moments demonstrating how Batman is a master tactician, and detective. All this in just the first episode.I just finished and I'm looking forward to the rest of the episodes."
76561198072048759,Recommended,498240,24702596,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,redlobster,"Awsome game, lots of fun. The game ran great on max graphics. With my lenovo Y50 ""GTX 860m"". The only problem I had with how it ran was. I had to turn on my graphics card, Which is really easy and full screen would not work making me have to play in windowed, which is just fine. Looking forward to the new episodes :)"
,Recommended,498240,24698726,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Battletestedgaming,Another great telltale series game. I dont know if this had a quiet release or i was just way behind on the latest gaming news but when i saw this on steam I did not have to think for a second to get it. It has a great story thus far and this gfx are nice ... not the best but they are smooth. 5 stars. The only thing i did not like was the shift combo for action buttons very minor but not a great feature if you are not good with a keyboard.
,Recommended,498240,24703100,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Lockhartsaint,"I guess I'm one of the lucky one's. After the infamous Arkham Knight PC port which I suffered through(even today), I thought I was going to have bad time after reading all the early negative reviews. But, apart from a small graphics card issue and an easy white screen fix, the game is running smoothly and I'm bringing Gotham scum to it's knees!!Suprisingly, the game's OTE is engaging and entertaining, compared to other game QTEs. The story seems to be solid and it has a new perspective; Bruce Wayne. The game concentrates on Wayne a lot, rather than Batman. Which is good. But, being an ardent fan of Batman...the game took some time for it to settle down. Telltale has delivered another engaging game. Hope the coming episodes improve on this. Can't wait!10/10 Recommended!"
76561198152682290,Recommended,498240,32849008,Posted: 27 June,all,toomuchsugaar,10/10Really great game!
,Recommended,498240,32861198,Posted: 27 June,all,Silent Otto,"Well a Batman fanboy who plays telltale games playing Batman - a match made in heaven.  Well, nearly.This game has a good story line though it appears to rift off the 'cout of the owls' storyline with a few new twists.  There are some familiar names here and the interesting part is more playing as 'Bruce Wayne' rather than 'Batman'.  This is good because you don't get to play as Batman often.If you're a fan of Batman, the story wont surprise you and you'll see lots of usual tropes and situations that you'll find in most Batman stories.  I was interested at the way that the game records your decisions and you can see what kind of Batman you would be at the end of the game (100% merciful - I am Batman).  The game will take you about 8 hours to conmplete and it has a few new tricks up its sleeve - one is crowd play, where individuals register their phones and they all play together. If a decision point comes up everybody gets a vote and the game chooses the decision based on the majority.  The other nice touch is a sort of 'chat show' that takes place after every episode and some stars of the show and the writers discuss the various plot points.  They last about half an hour , and i watched about 3 of them.The Batman scenes are pretty much QTE and the detective sections are quite interesting, there are lots of nods to rocksteady's works here. In summary - it's a tell tale gameand that should tell you most of what you want.  Its not a bad  Batman story and the ending is left open for a sequel.  Its a solid 7."
,Recommended,498240,32864205,Posted: 27 June,all,snp,very much fun
,Recommended,498240,32907364,Posted: 27 June,all,Kolten,"very fun, i've only completed the first 2 episodes but I will play the rest, there are a few glitches but it doesnt ruin this amazing game!"
,Recommended,498240,32908032,Posted: 27 June,all,Nolerbiotch,Game took me around 8-9 hours to complete with full achievements.  A story about the Wayne family that I did not know about.  Had very few and minor cutscene glitches.
76561198098523369,Recommended,498240,32942517,Posted: 28 June,all,SirSmashelot,"Hi!I rarely leave reviews, but I felt the need for one here.Wthat this game is not:-Action/Beat em up game (Arkham series by rocksteady)-Fast paced-DC Batman canon (as in story varies from original origin story)-Not a button smashing gameWhat this game is:-Story driven-Strategic thinking-Playing a comic book-Actions that depend on timing-Puzzle gameI recommend this game to any batman fan boy or any Tell Tale game fan. I have also played their walking dead series and loved it. I would use that series to compare and its on the same level maybe a little less intense, but story is solid.Buy it!"
76561198325632040,Recommended,498240,32647111,Posted: 22 June,all,amkrishnan97,"This game was overall really good! The story is original and keeps you hooked. If you're a fan of other Telltale choice-based games, this may not be the best in comparison to The Walking Dead or The Wolf Among Us, but it still is a very enjoyable experience. If you've never played a Telltale game, you will definitely enjoy this series. If I could rate this out of 10, I would say a 7.5/10."
,Recommended,498240,32828201,Posted: 26 June,all,Ptibull,"Very cool Batman game. (Story, characters, detective part etc..)Some otimisation may be needed with all the batcave tech, where you can experience heavy framerate drops for some reason."
,Recommended,498240,32831058,Posted: 26 June,all,thesugar,I loved it...!@!! from start to finish. wosh they gave me a bit more time to make choices.
76561198154698889,Not Recommended,498240,32832439,Posted: 26 June,all,Nattmal,"I kinda like it i kinda hate it. You have 1 thing 1 job, do the animation good make the prompts fluent and not laggy. Yeah that's what is happening to me. Maybe it's my computer maybe it's not i don't know, visually is dreadful, i had some really bad body glitches and bugs, head spinnings in weird ways,it looks and feels like a rushed game. I like the concept and the story and of course the all decision making i love that as always but still i can only recommend this on sale it's not worth the full price i bought it when it was on 8 (something) i don't feel screwed for this price. My sort of rating 6\10 really mediocre but still entertaining."
76561198200780687,Recommended,498240,32953482,Posted: 28 June,all,Zafe,"Its a good game just not worth the price, i just finished and only had a little over 9 hrs of play time. Wait for it to go on sale if you are thinking of buying it."
76561197988341157,Recommended,498240,32957735,Posted: 28 June,all,j.woerlee1,"This is a fun telltale game.tho this s more watch movie and every now and then make a choice or act.but the story is good and fun.voice actors are good.But not all is good, i persannally have had some fps drops for a moment or two during play but nothing to serious.And you cant restart an episode if you are half way. (well you can by deleting your save and your complete progress)This is an overall good game with a couple of minor faults."
76561198118733117,Recommended,498240,33017017,Posted: 29 June,all,The Asciiman,"Visual problems abound in this involving tale. It is still, well worth your time if you don't mind dealing with the occasional visual glitch, of which only a few are actually distracting. Story and characters are all interesting and the choices you make seem to matter as well.."
,Recommended,498240,33001115,Posted: 29 June,all,USER,ถ้าเป็นแฟน DC ไม่ควรพลาด การเล่าเนื้อเรื่องได้น่าติดตามมาก
,Recommended,498240,33000054,Posted: 29 June,all,Synergy,"Now I've hardly ever put time or effort into writing a review for any game, but I'm gonna try for this game. Telltale Studios are absolutely brilliant in the way they tell their stories, I've noticed this is in the Walking Dead and now here. With each episode I completed it left me needing more. I got this game from the Summer Sale, but I'd definitely buy it full price. The characters and storyline are brand new and refreshing, mixing new and old. You see characters become their true identities, or you can attempt to prevent it. The only issue I ever noticed with the game is that the FPS is locked above going 60 due to how Telltale's games work. If you can get past the jitter here and there, this game is excellent. I highly reccomend this game for any fan of Batman or any fan of Telltale Studios, you honestly won't regret it."
76561198044359414,Recommended,498240,27591383,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jason Todd-pole,"I recommend this game but I think it's clear that Telltale struck gold with their early releases. TWD Season 1 & 2, TWAU and TFTB are all brilliant and at a gameplay level this game is identical to them. What separates those was that they all had amazing stories where you were invested in the characters and the decisions you were making mattered. Even as a huge Batman fan I found that I just didn't care which choice I made half the time and I ended up not even finishing the series until a few months after Episode 5 was released.And one other thing: Telltale when are you gonna start making your episodes longer again? I finished this in less time than it took me to get halfway through any of the other ones I've mentioned."
,Recommended,498240,33105954,Posted: 1 July,all,Tsyele,"I'm a Batman fan, especially a Catwoman fan, and having enjoyed Telltale's The Wolf Among Us a lot, I had my eye on this game for a while, but the negative reviews held me back from initially buying the game until the 1st episode was made available for free.After playing it, I was not dissuaded by the negative issues which were mostly funny to me (botched animations and such) and bought the whole game, which I don't regret in the slightest.The story is interesting and has a few twists, the character development is great, as is the voice acting which really sells it, and that is really what a narrative-focused game should be mostly about. My greatest issue with it story-wise comes mostly from the fact that Batman/Bruce is a pretty well-known and established character, and in Telltale's formula to provide the player a wide array of response/choice options, sometimes it just doesn't feel like it's Batman, and sometimes in dialogue choice sequences, Bruce Wayne's alter-ego might just seem to be Two-Face instead, due to the drastic shift in tone from one dialog choice to the next (I felt that in TWAU, too, so that's mostly Telltale's design issue). Also since Batman/Bruce serves a bit as a narrator to the player, sometimes the player connects the dots of the investigations much faster than he does, which does not bode well for ""the world's greatest detective.""Nevertheless, I thought this was a fresh take on the Batman mythos which I found enjoyable, with plenty of hard decisions to make that do seem make an impact in the overall story. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys Telltale games, Batman, and especially both."
,Not Recommended,498240,33087172,Posted: 1 July,all,König Ludwig XVIII,"This is probably my problem, but I've not had similar issues with Walking Dead S1 or S2 Borderlands Telltale series, Game of Thrones Telltale or others.The frame rate seems broken, the audio and visuals are not synchronised. The combat commands to move left or right to dodge are painfully unresponsive and I can press it as many times or as quickly as I want I still do not move out of the way successfully. I only got through the first two fight scenes by mashing keys randomly.Using mouse and keyboard,"
,Recommended,498240,33146404,Posted: 2 July,all,Kolds,"Not the best game of Telltale, but not the worst, if you're truly batman fan, you will enjoy it. I really enjoy the refreshing and unexpected story !"
,Recommended,498240,31687151,Posted: 11 May,all,PriceField,Really loved the game 9/10Game crashed 4-6 times on my first playthrough wish they get this fixed waiting Fr S2
,Recommended,498240,32978449,Posted: 29 June,all,Orkeosaurus,"Finished in 12 hours, not sure if any of that is idling (Probably was). It's a solid Batman story though it really doesn't feel like everything resolves until a second season that TellTale seems to be banking on making. The game is short so it felt like the only villain who had a good character arc was Harvey Dent (And we all know how that works out anyway). No spoilers but the ""big bad"" of the story just comes off as a cheap twist with shakey motives. I think this has to do with the fact that so many of the characters are copyrighted so I wasn't exactly expecting the kind of experience like TellTale's Game of Thrones where nobody's safety is guaranteed. The fourth and fifth acts also feel rushed which isn't much of a surprise, TellTale always seems to cut corners to make the date for their final act.For being on sale you can't really do better for passive entertainment, it does hold up to your average Batman movie, just don't expect a TellTale: The Walking Dead or even GoT tier experience."
,Not Recommended,498240,33031908,Posted: 30 June,all,Exar,"Initially I was pretty excited for this game, since it featured Batman (one of my favorite DC heroes), and was a game from telltale, which I was pretty sure up until playing this that they had never made a bad game. At least where there games where choices influence the story is concerned.Seeing it pop up on sale during the summer sale, I took the opportunity to snag it and start playing. At first I was excited and the game was enjoyable. But it started to go downhill very quickly. I have a pretty decent gaming rig that I just built a couple of months ago with nearly top of the line parts for all categories. I have not run into any issues playing any other games I have ran on it. But then I played this game. Graphics glitched, characters talking after their dialogue has already been spoken, trying to do the fast paced QTE during combat/scenes is almost impossible because of how choppy the game is. I have had to try multiple scenes over and over because I missed a button.Looking past all the issues with gameplay, I kept playing, because I though the story was pretty interesting and I wanted to see where it was going. But after episode 3, I wont be finishing it. Spoilers ahead.At the end of the episode, you are drugged with the drugs youve been learning about throughout the game. No matter what option you chose, the outcome is the same for all 4 choices or simply refusing top choose anything. To me, this take away the main focus of the game, which is to have the narrative shaped by your choice. Its a batman game, and playing as batman, you should be able to choose to overcome someones drug/suggestion.I'm severely dissapointed in this game as I have played all of TTG's other choice based narrative games and enjoyed them all immensly. Seems like this was rushed to completion.So, TL:DRBuy it on sale if you REALLY REALLY want to play it. But play episode 1 for free first. You'll see how crappy it runs from that. I ignored it thinking it was just my old computer, but now I know it's the game and has nothing to do with your setup. Also, be prepared for a bunch of choices that are forced onto you and most of the choices you do make in the game aren't choices batman would ever make."
,Recommended,498240,33031898,Posted: 30 June,all,turak64,This game proves that Telltale is still going strong. Without giving away any spoilers this game adds new twists to the typical Batman story and is hopefully a setup for another season.
76561198010977569,Recommended,498240,33005652,Posted: 29 June,all,Kazamaniac,The Dank Knight
76561198108879880,Recommended,498240,33019154,Posted: 29 June,all,Fried Dill Pickle Tater Chips,"Great game, amazing story (with a great shock midway through) and great and unique gameplay for a Batman game."
,Recommended,498240,33048753,Posted: 30 June,all,Nakano Azusa,Good game
,Recommended,498240,33052836,Posted: 30 June,all,VC Braska,It's good. It's not what you want...but it's good enough
,Recommended,498240,33024743,Posted: 29 June,all,FelixWalken,"Episode 1 is good but doesn't have the draw that many would expect from TellTale. Episodes 2 + 3 knock it out of the park. Episode 4 is around the same quality of Episode 1, maybe a bit better. Episode 5 is a pretty anti-climactic dissapointment. The series is worth playing for both TellTale or Batman fans. The game takes a lot of creative liberty with the Batman mythos, keeping the story refreshing for those already familiar with Batman's story. Personally, I would not pay more than $12.50 for this, so try to catch it on a sale if interested."
,Not Recommended,498240,33135863,Posted: 2 July,all,Rookastle,"Without a doubt the most glitchy, broken game I have ever played. Constant crashing, stuttering, and graphical glitches.  How can such a simple game run so terrible? There is a decent Batman story here, but it is impossible to enjoy while deaing with performance issues."
76561198057450323,Recommended,498240,32593915,Posted: 20 June,all,ho888sg,Always love a game with rich storyline
,Recommended,498240,32586058,Posted: 20 June,all,BadAndTriggered,"There isn't much to say, it's another telltale game (which isn't a bad thing). The story is great and entertaining throught the entire 'season'. If you like batman and telltale games then you will most defenitely enjoy this game."
76561198080723902,Recommended,498240,32622240,Posted: 21 June,all,kelemonopy,"Forgot save from ep2 when starting ep4 so stuff doesnt match up, restarting after deleting save.Options are often not representative of the expected response.Otherwise a good new gotham to experience and batman story incorperating well known elements of the mythos."
,Recommended,498240,33205855,Posted: 3 July,all,Spectr²,"This has the right to stand right next to Rocksteady's masterfully crafted AAA Batman titles. I've enjoyed every second, every decision, every consequence, every note that came out of my speakers, every character and every suprising plottwist that came my way.Techwise: Super smooth. Only minor framedrops in Episode 3."
76561198115876049,Recommended,498240,33227740,Posted: 4 July,all,mpr_shooter,"Good Game, thrilling story, but crashes from time to time."
,Recommended,498240,24694099,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,DINO THUNDA,"If you are a fan of Batman or are interested in exploring the character more, this game is a must-play. If you're not a fan of Batman, this game still has all of the pieces needed to get you hooked on another Telltale game.+Exciting plot. Although it doesn't stick to the Batman canon, the plot revolving around a variety of characters kept me on the edge of my seat throughout. Great twist at the end too.+Characters we love. Bruce, Selina, Joker, Penguin, Gordon, Two-face, Falcone, and a new villain. The gang's all here.+Awesome, diverse gameplay. You're a politician, fighter, and detective. Scouting out a big fight in advance and then excecuting it to perfection is incredibly satisfying.+Visually pleasing. The Telltale look works really well with the setting and characters.-Bruce can come off as a bit of a whiny child at times. As fun as it is to play as Bruce, I hoped to see more of a badass.-Diverts very far from Batman canon. Major changes are  made to many characters and their origins, which may not appeal to some of the hardcore Bat-fans"
,Recommended,498240,33167285,Posted: 2 July,all,MegGamingfreakx3,"Got to say that I was I unsure when  Batman - The Telltale Series was first annotation. So after waiting and getting the first episode for free ( as of 7/03/2017).The main reason is that  it being based off everyone favorite detective that like to dress up in cowl and cape ( aka Batman) and was worried that they would get what make Batman, Batman. But after playing first episode (after playing it Two times) was really good so i bought the game and and 10-ish hours later I am writing this reason. (Keep in mind I have played two other Telltale games ( Tales of the Borderlands and the Walking Dead (season 1)).Pros:-They did a amazing job getting  why everyone love batman.-fight scenes are VERY WELL DONE!-the story in this is actually really well handle (It is a bit slow but in the end it is worth seeing from start to finish)-The changes to every characters origins is very well doneCons:-Like i had with having issues with the lip syncing is still driving me nuts ( and some lagging here and there)- Lack of the interaction/ too cinematic (even for a TellTale Game)Anyways, as a fan of Batman ( blame my dad) I would recommend this game for any Batman fan. Personally,  I REALLY hope Telltale continues this as a series.Score: 7.9 ( out of 10)"
76561198074084469,Recommended,498240,33167302,Posted: 2 July,all,kittybubblez,"I'm an advid fan of games that have Batman involved, so for Telltale to put make a go was really exciting.Unlike the Arkham games, you have a more social than combative aspect to this one. You can try and play yourself as how you feel Bruce and Batman would act and speak.I've loved it so far, but wonder if my computer isn't up to spec, or if the game is at times a little laggy. Either way I don't mind."
76561198168894227,Recommended,498240,28933608,Posted: 2 January,all,Schindler's Fist,"As a fan of both Batman and Telltale games, I can wholeheartedly recommend this game. The creators made compelling characters, an interesting Gotham, and an intriguing plot. The story and characters that the creators made have exceeded any other Batman game I've played. People like me who are coming from The Walking Dead Series will not be disappointed as the characters are relateable and show both growth and development. As of now, all the bugs that people were complaining about earlier are gone. There is no reason not to buy this game.10/10 would recommendComo un fanático de los video juegos de Batman y Telltale, puedo recommender este juego sin vacilación. Los creadores hacen personajes intrigantes, un Gotham interesante, y una trama irresistible. El cuento y los personajes hacen por los creadores han excedido cada otro vídeo juego de Batman. La gente como yo que vienen de la serie de The Walking Dead no estarán decepcionados porque los personajes son vinculables y demuestran crecemiento y desarrollo. A partir de ahora, todos de los errores infromáticos que los demás se quejan están reperados. No hay rázon para no comprar este vídeo juego.10/10 se lo recomiendo."
,Recommended,498240,33309037,Posted: 6 July,all,Zeus,this game suprised me it was really good and im still playin git im on episode two and its amazingly good
76561198116705266,Recommended,498240,33331459,Posted: 6 July,all,waluigiyoshi44,"My problem with the modern Telltale Games, is they feel more like interactive movies, and not a game. The points that qualify as a game result in more quick time events and deciding where to go in the stroy only to find the choices you make have little to no impact on the story. When this happens there is not enough input the player gives out. I had this problem with The Wolf Among Us, and I have the same problem here.So with that in mind, I'll instead review these games as a movie rather than a game.The story has ups and downs throughout the beginning, and doesn't start picking up and keeping the momentum until the end of Episode 3, until then the movie felt like a slog to get through. Plus at various points in the movie, it tries way to hard to have an ""M"" rating (Like the Killing Joke with its ""R"" rating), when Arkham Asylum achieved a creepyness factor perfectly with a ""T"" rating.The choices you make have little to no impact on the story, but when it does have impact on the story its more when you have only two choices, so the rewatchablity of the movie comes down to if you want to see what the other outcome will be.Overall would I recommend this movie to you, I would more to the most avid Batman fan, but I think more average fans might feel like this movie is a chore to interact with. If you can handle some of the freeze ups most Telltale Games have, and can sit through the first two or three episodes you might find youself engaged with the movie. So as for me, is this a movie I would watch again? I would but it would be along time before I play it again."
,Recommended,498240,28452794,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ManiacPo,"Amazing story, Hooked in from playing the demo episode and was well worth buying on sale."
76561198305747662,Recommended,498240,28437379,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,HesAJuiceboxHero,I initially bought this game pre-sale ( hoping i wouldn't regret it) And i has been an amazing game!  Througout i had a few Stuttering problems and Frame rate dips that were really bad but after the updates it's been running smooth. It seems that the Graphics vary from episode but that could just be my setup. Overall gameplay has been good.
,Recommended,498240,28434190,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,FuturamaPhill,"The brilliant story kept me gripped throughout. Love a good batman game and that's exactly what this is!Had a few issues with cloud sync but once that was turned off it was a lot better. Not sure if there were some mistakes made with rushing episodes out but there were times where audio was out of sync and things didn't display how you would expect them to but overall nothing game breaking.The whole ""your choices change the game"" is interesting but ultimately you're going to come across the same key events and I felt in this game when I made one choice, further down the line it would reference that choice but it would sometimes not be the choice I selected. That was just a bit strange but again nothing that broke the game just a little weird.Highly recommend, Can't wait for more!"
,Recommended,498240,28488800,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,GropingPrincess,"I wasn't so sure about buying this even though I love Telltale and Batman. I'm kinda over all of the swarm of Batman stuff lately. I'm really glad I gave this a shot, though! I liked their take on Batman. I played the free episode before purchasing it and had performance issues but the full game played flawlessly. You did it again, Telltale! Keep up the good work <3"
,Not Recommended,498240,27005201,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Suplex Complex Alex,telltale batman: all your families are dead simulator 2016
76561198035528842,Recommended,498240,27004639,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CapSenshi,Good surprise of the Year
,Recommended,498240,27007677,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gudako SeNPai,"PC had technicial issues along the way but ultimately I feel Batman- The Telltale Series is a great story game and fans of the BATS will like it!!Four Episodes in and I got to say it's a solid experience! Though everything is keeping it strict in the ""Telltale"" formula, it still tells a interesting tale with a pretty awesome cast and I can't wait how they will conclude it in the next one!!!I wish Telltale will change up it's formula like the whole episodic thing and ""choices matter"" part in the future since it's getting pretty old now.....Great Game and recommend getting it :D"
,Recommended,498240,27019222,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Trank,Despite the performance issues it is still a goog Telltales game
76561198188520291,Not Recommended,498240,27019446,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jolopopo,"This is a great game but until Telltale releases the patches to make this game plyable its not worth buying. Im running with intel core i7 and i know my computer is stronger than 2.3ghz (i dont the the exact specs) and i can barley get a solid 5 fps. Please fix this, and dont buy the game until they do."
,Recommended,498240,27035163,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OmniKnight Of The Old Republic,"You know... I wasn't expecting much from this, based off the trailers, but I am pleasantly surprised with the depth, soberness and severity with which this title succeeds in exploring the characters and world of Batman and Gotham City in true Telltale style."
76561198069637224,Not Recommended,498240,26954483,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Paul Horwood,"Suffers from the usual telltale issues of pointless shallow decisons with linear results and glitchy artwork, Ive given up hope that these will ever be adressedCharacters are especially annoying, lackluster  and increasingly illogical.Plot is dull ; predictable at best, at worst outright frustraiting which is where TT usualy succeed,Been a pain from beginig to end .I've bought and played every game since walking dead, but the old rinse repeat telltale experience is beging to get stale.Im not usualy a purist when it comes to accuracy to source material but the game does not add  new dimesnsions to characters it just make them worse... and the ones it dose add quicky becomes irritating, such as the Penguin.Feels like TT are trying to produce more and more games  on a tighter scale and quality is sliping.This will be my last TT purchase folowing if they make a Wolf among us sequal ."
76561198141784246,Recommended,498240,26514811,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MrZouron,"Interesting story line. Don't usually like cell shading graphics, but i think i goes well with the gothic punk look of Gotham City. Haven't played any telltal game before, but like to play as Bruce for a change as opposed to the Dark Knight.Only played episode 1 and liked it, still have more to go."
76561198010069478,Recommended,498240,26756317,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Watchmen,"Absolutely love it, telltale delivers anoter good one for me. No performance issues so far on windows 10 and an R9 290."
76561198081986598,Not Recommended,498240,26604173,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,drmaemae,Models didn't load properly and it just lagged the whole time.
76561198293397994,Recommended,498240,26571909,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,noellemonstergirl,LOVIN' THIS GAME SO FAR! It's a bit laggy though so I gotta give it a 8.5/10 for that bit but it's still good and I highly recommend it! :)
76561198099713983,Recommended,498240,26713306,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Drunken caviar,awesome game  and mechanics are flawless. one downside is that this game can only reallly be played by people with half decent computers
76561198022807753,Recommended,498240,27135467,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Bradman,Great game - I have had few issues with FPS etc. Story is great in my opinion they havent just retreaded on the same old Bats storlines we all know which is great.
,Recommended,498240,27129447,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,rey,If you are Batman Fan then its a must experince. The best part is you get to play as Burce Wayne which has never been explored in any other Batman game before. Draw backs is the games lags and has frame rate issue. But a must have game for Batman Fans.
76561197983960984,Recommended,498240,27102261,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sardan,This game is so awsome I recamend playing it lots of twists and turns
76561198250784256,Recommended,498240,27075496,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,184800329,"It's a great game, despite some performance issues, it's a refreshing new view of the batman franchise. Looking forward to the last episode."
76561198061065576,Recommended,498240,28689035,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,scottytwee,Thoroughly enjoyable as this Batman game provides a fresh story that covers aspects of the iconic mask that prevaious games and films haven't covered yet. Story was interesting and easy to follow. Gameplay was as good as others Telltales games and what I liked most was how the dialouge didn't go on for too long and everything that could be interacted with was actually useful and not just a filler. Really hope they do a sequel soon.
,Recommended,498240,28734161,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SnizzelSnappers,Always wanted to be Batman.Dreamed about being Batman.Looked on Youtube.Saw people being Batman.Bought the game.Played it just a bit.Felt almost like Batman.Went to the store.Bought a Batman costume.Played the game a bit more.Now im typing this from the Batcave.TRUE IMMERSION!!
,Recommended,498240,28734509,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Azradal,It was a fresh story that kept me wanting more throughout.    Like many Telltale games your choices overall don't make much of an impact but the story was very good.  I hope a sequel is in the works.
76561197994893390,Recommended,498240,28732766,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,renebasketball,One of the weaker telltale games but it doesnt mean it sucks. I enjoyed it just not as much as others. 7/10
,Recommended,498240,28730143,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,humbug,Really good game!!!
,Recommended,498240,29193458,Posted: 11 January,all,drunkpandabear,"Decent Telltale game bolstered by the Batman mythos.  The engine is showing its cracks as there were many gamebreaking bugs especially when playing with Steam Link.  The first three episodes are the standout episodes with 4 and 5 seemingly a little lackluster.  Overall, if you like Telltale games and you like Batman, then you will at least enjoy this game for the most part.It does not hold a candle to TWD Season 1 or Tales from the Borderlands (which is my favorite Telltale game) but it is enjoyable, allows you to inhabit Batman's world as both Bruce and Batman, and lets you get to know some of your favorite Batman characterse a little bit better."
76561198025422889,Recommended,498240,28744419,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Seabass,"Even though the game has somewhat of a slow start, once it kicks into action it delivers a great story with a lot of hard decisions for you to make. I really liked the fact that this game shows Batman without his mask as Bruce Wayne, delivering a whole new take on Batman games. Great story, but the game could use a little bit less quick time events as it makes the fight scenes a bit boring and uninteractive. But overall, I would definitely recommend this game, especially to Batman fans."
76561198058309742,Recommended,498240,28693561,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Arodin,"Review on Batman - The Telltale Series (Spoiler Free)(Note that this review is not not finished yet as I haven't played all of the episodes yet. This will be looking at the episodes I have played)Batman - The Telltale Series is the next major game from Telltale, the creators behind the award winning Walking Dead franchise. This game follows the same structure of many of Telltale's other games - an episodic story which is altered by the decisions you make. A major obstacle for this game is the fact that it's riding off the heels of the critically acclaimed Arkham Franchise (With Asylum and City in particular, as they are known to be the best of the series), so it had a lot to live up to. Lets see if it delivered:Episode 1 - Realm of ShadowsPros:. Engaging story, brilliantly told through solid voice acting and intersting and compelling choices, as well as very good dialogue.. Troy Baker is amazing as Bruce Wayne/Batman and in my opinion should be the successor to Kevin Conroy as the voice of Batman.. A unique look on some characters, especially Oswald Cobblepott and Harvey Dent. Cobblepott in this game is completely different to any other depiction of him and Dent's personality is different to other depictions. These are both for the best as they breath new lives into the characters and make them more dynamic and unique to this universe.. Interactivity is very well implimented into this game: Allowing to plan tactics, reconstruct a crime scene (probably better than the Arkham Series handled it), and deciding how to deal with an enemy are the highlights of what this episode does well.. Literally no performance issues. Game ran very smoothly.Cons:. Pacing can be a bit slow, which could bore the action-driven players.. Game is not very well made in terms of presentation. Evidence is:- Lip syncing is off - quite heavily in some bits.- Textures on far away objects are not rendered very well (What? Did Telltale think we wouldn't Notice?)- One scene where the door is opened and the outside is literally a pasted image. No, literally, they pasted a very pixelated image of a forest in their game, in 2016. A very lazy move by Telltale.- Very bad animation, with the eyes and lips of Catwoman going very crooked in one scene, along with constant juttering in head and body movements by people, causing heads to suddenly snap into looking a different direction or for them to turn away from who they are talking to completely. This is very noticeable towards the end of the episode.- There were one or two instances where people would interupt themselves and start their next sentence before finishing the one they were saying.Conclusion:The first episode is a sound start to the game with a compelling story, likeable characters, good interaction and very good voice acting. However, the score has to be decducted by a few due to the sloppiness from the developers in some areas of presentation and the very obvious bugs in the game's animation.Score For This Episode - 7/10Grade For This Episode - CEpisode 2 - Children of ArkhamPros:. The story in this episode improves from the first episode. It's excellently told through a unique viewpoint that gives a different spin on the Batman mythos that we all know. Followed on by a few surprises that you won't see coming.. The game's interpretation of the Penquin continues to grow on me and is at the moment my favourite villain in this game.. Troy Baker did an okay job as Batman/Bruce Wayne, but episode 1 did it better in my opinion.. Animation issues are mostly cleared up in this episode, apart from one or two small instances that are barely noticeable.. Some characters are very well done in this episode, which helps influence decision making in this game more, making you genuinely feel whether or not you made the right decisions for the characters.Cons:. Voice acting isn't very good with some characters (Renee Montoya comes to mind).. Multiple texture and shading issues throughout the episode that was very noticeable and very off-putting.. This episode was a lot shorter than the previous episode and I feel as if a bit more could've been done with it (This is only a small gripe as the story was really good).. The new enemy faction introduced just sort of came out of nowhere and maybe a bit more could've been done to make me care a bit more about this new enemy force in Gotham.. Again with the unrendered textures and pasted AND pixelated backgrounds! (Come on guys, really?). Lip syncing is off again.Conclusion:In terms of storytelling, characters, and interactivity, the second episode is better than the first. However visual presentation is on the sloppy side again with texture and shading issues which can easily be fixed and many visual decisions made by them which really shouldn't have been made in this day and age.Score For This Episode - 8/10Grade For This Episode - B"
76561198140205903,Recommended,498240,28935046,Posted: 2 January,all,SheN,Addictive story. Buy it.
,Recommended,498240,28930500,Posted: 1 January,all,Papa Leon,Spoiler : Bruce Wayne is Batman.
76561197999808026,Recommended,498240,28915602,Posted: 1 January,all,Beef_Stu,"I've been a fan since the '92 animated series, and this is one of the best depictions of Batman I've seen yet, primarily because they set it in an alternate continuity with some very harsh (and likely controversial) twists on the formula.  Well worth playing the demo, and if you enjoy that you'll enjoy the rest of the season."
,Recommended,498240,28816681,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dr. Deuss,"The game presents a new take on the Wayne family, so it's not a rehash of popular Batman stories. It has simple, yet fun combat and investigation mechanics. The game is definitely worth getting after they fixed it and added more content."
76561198134455049,Recommended,498240,28807628,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CDrew,"The classic Telltale recipe added to a bowl of one of the most popular superheroes of all time. Bang! The result is fabulous.Pros:+a gripping new narrative (I am not familiar with the comics, so I'm not certain to what extent it's also different from them)+the choice of dialogues and choices in general with which you should be used by now. If not, it's a perfect way to start+you get to make some investigations on your own (they're not such a big deal, but it's still a nice gameplay innovation)+has Crowd Play, with which you can basically make all the choices in the game along with your friends+hey, it's Batman!Cons:-it's plagued by the same problems every Telltale game has been. Though you are really invested in the choices you make, they don't really matter that much in the end-the story does fall into cliches at timesP.S. haven't seen anything of the technical issues people were complaining of at launch and my PC is anything but high-end, so I guess they must've solved them in the meantime.Do I recommend it? Well, of course I do! Despite its occassional letdowns, I think it's a great game both for newcomers to Telltale games and to hardened veterans. And you don't even necessarily need to be a Batman connoisseur to like it.If I were to rate it, the score would probably be 8.5-9/10."
,Recommended,498240,28814230,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rutsahl,Probably my favorite Telltale game yet.
,Recommended,498240,28816160,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,briancarnell,"As a Batman fan, this game was worth it at the sale price of just under $17.Pro:-most of the bugs and technical issues appear to have been resolved. I did experience some crazy slow downs during times when Batman was in the Batmobile (what is it with PC games and frame rate issues with the Batmobile)? But fortunately, this affected only a very tiny portion of the overall game.-with one exception, the story was engaging and interesting. It was on par with watching some of the direct to video DC animated films of the past several years (and better than some of those).-the game did a pretty good job mechanically with making sure there was actually detective work for The World's Greatest Detective. The nature of the engine here limits how far they could push this, but it was nice to see.-Batman gets down with Catwoman. Would give Selena the special Batarang again.Cons:-The Telltale game format is really starting to get stale. Over time you start to realize just how little player agency there really is in these games and you begin to see the sleight of hand they're using to give players the illusion that their choices matter. That makes these games a PITA to play anytime the story lags at all.-One of the annoying things about superheroes is how every writer feels the need to revisit the origin stories. In this case a *significant* part of Batman's origin story was revisited and recast in a way that I absolutely detested. This is a major plot point and seemed to be part of the writers' efforts to reframe the origin and, thus, Batman/Bruce Wayne. Writers: please cut this s*** out."
76561198215382525,Recommended,498240,28863479,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mum,"waiting for season 2,plz actually no, im BEGGING for season 2 also begging for season 2 of WAU goddamit tell tale you sure do love torturing people"
,Recommended,498240,28912279,Posted: 1 January,all,D3ATH ROW3,"I love Telltale games, despite their technical flaws. I had all kinds of problems like controller not working right and horrible performance even on my beast of a machine, but....Batman! So I loved it anyway."
76561198033086654,Recommended,498240,28908609,Posted: 1 January,all,Walker,"While not perfect, it was an enjoyable game with a good story with some surprising plot twists that keep thing interesting.  At first I was suprised that this game did not take part in the same universe as the Arkham games, but after I realised it was set in it's own universe, I embraced it and enjoyed the story and characters more with their interesting changes.  It focuses alot on the Batman/Bruce Wayne identity how both are seen by and can inspire the city with mixed but mostly positive results.  I didn't like the dark history of the Wayne family and kept expect evidence to appear revealing it was.  I also didn't struggle with the big descisions of the game like I did with other Telltale games.  As a Batman and Telltale fan I enjoyed it, not the best but I still hope that there is a series 2."
76561198036263561,Recommended,498240,29143152,Posted: 9 January,all,Ext,This is a great Story.-
,Recommended,498240,29121090,Posted: 8 January,all,El Hombre Mayonesa,pretty good
,Recommended,498240,29047713,Posted: 5 January,all,Smarvels,★★★★
,Recommended,498240,29046448,Posted: 5 January,all,JF,"The most epic Batman story since Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy !(Don't worry about old reviews, blaming the game for bad performance. The game has been fixed and now runs smooth.)"
,Recommended,498240,29127600,Posted: 8 January,all,Darkasi,"A different take on the traditional Batman mythos, while staying as true to the characters as possible giving the player choices.  I was completely engaged the whole way through, interested on where this tale would take me due to the choices I was making and making me wonder ""what if I did that instead?"".  Replayability is high due to the different paths you can take.  If you are a fan of Batman this is a must-play choose your own adventure."
76561197983369976,Recommended,498240,29128108,Posted: 8 January,all,Vandetta 420,Game was dope if you like telltale games. Some of the episodes felt a little short. Can't wait till season 2.....
76561198020008338,Recommended,498240,29151112,Posted: 9 January,all,MasterSJT,"This will be a review of batman, steam link's behavior on this game and crowd playEpisode 1I was surprised to see the docks bug still in the game but otherwise performance seems to of been improved compared to the first time i played it. In it's current state i'd say it is definitely easy to recommend to other now that it appears to of been cleaned up since day 1. Story is gripping and managed to impress those who don't normally play games.-Steam linkI've only just got the steam link and i am using it via a wireless connection to my router with my pc plugged in via an ethernet cable. For the most part it ran rather well however there were some pockets of stuttering or freezing that did cause some of the viewing experience to be a bit poor. I will be trying a different set up next time to see if this improves the functionality of the device--Crowd playA new feature to me and one i have finally been able to use to introduce my parents to the game. Setup was easy and only required entering a code and picking a name and colour. There were a few issue with missed votes and a odd case of one user being registered multiple times but not counted ( multiple users popped up on the right but only showed 4 in the vote count). In the case of missed votes it is hard to say if it wasn't an issue on the steam link or the crowd play system itself."
,Not Recommended,498240,30028866,Posted: 19 February,all,robsanta74,"Not a game. Not by a longshot. Games have actual gameplay and a certain degree of depth of design. This is more of a ""choose your own adventure"" where none of the choices actually matter and the visuals are super glitchy.Hit or miss. It's all the same. Say this instead of that and not much really changes. Forget that silly little thing called interactivity. Telltale has a (boring) story to tell.Want a good adventure game? Opt for older Telltale games like ""Back to the Future"" or ""Sam & Max"" instead. Even the more modern, yet older looking ""Thimbleweed Park"" is superior to this dreck."
76561198016219487,Recommended,498240,27881533,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,monkeyboy246,Because im Batman
,Recommended,498240,25044279,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ironic meme,there are still some issues with the game besides the black screen problemthe game sort of looks like it was rushed and didn't have much care put into it when compared to other games telltale has made such as the walking dead telltale madebut besides these issues it's still a good game
,Recommended,498240,31564348,Posted: 5 May,all,timebi,"Brilliant storytelling, simple yet great gameplay and beatiful visuals make this another winner for Telltale. Definitely a must-have!"
76561198023465588,Recommended,498240,31646210,Posted: 9 May,all,blaazej,"I finished it yesterday and, woow, just wow for this amazing story. I was so confused while playing. Plot in Batman is the best from the rest Telltale games I played so far. The only minus I have noticed is that ending was a little bit poor for me. I played the first three episodes with my mouth open, fourth was really good, especially part in Arkham Asylum, and the fifth, well, I thought like something is missing. I didn't like it at all, but still, amazing job."
76561198055096650,Recommended,498240,31497365,Posted: 1 May,all,kekoa4444,"Pros:-Great story-Fantastic art-Engrossing experienceCons:-It's still buggy, even with Telltale's patches. I have a good PC, and all of my drivers completely up to date, yet I still had some stuttering, lost audio, and a few crashes to desktop.-I shouldn't have to jump through hoops to get the game to recognize that I have a controller."
76561198039643151,Recommended,498240,32078550,Posted: 30 May,all,JulioRosario89,"When I heard TellTales would tackle Batman, I was worried. Creating a game were player choice matters, at least to some degree in shaping the relationship between the player and the NPCs, and Batman can still be considered the greatest detective alive would not be so easy.TellTales completely showed me wrong. The story is interesting, Batman and Bruce are well handled and the choices I had to make, allowed me to play the Batman/Bruce Wayne I consider canonical, mostly. Then again, if you don't like the choices TellTales gives you, you can always choose to not say anything at all.I definitely recommend the game, just watch out for the system requirements. If you don't have a good enough graphic card, the game is going to be quite frustrating. Otherwise enjoy!"
76561198169526420,Recommended,498240,32169392,Posted: 3 June,all,snipeofjustice7,"This was my first time officially playing a Telltale game. As far as I am concerned, this studio offers an exciting and unique experience in a manner quite divergent from other video games.  Be warned, for minor spoilers follow.As an overall storytelling experience, I was surprised and impressed by Telltale's liberal use of the Batman canon. To name one, the take on Penguin as a younger, stronger and more intelligent villian was refreshing, to say the least.  As far as the response-choice system goes, I appreciate the attention to detail in showing how in-game characters genuinely react to your words and actions. As I work my way through again, I look forward to seeing how the subplots change from my original playthrough.Another surprising, but slightly irritating fact was that I found myself spending less time in the kevlar boots of Batman and more in the Italian-made shoes of Bruce Wayne. As a result, when given the option to play through a sequence as Bruce Wayne or his alter ego, I pretty much always picked the latter.In spite of this, I finished this tale satisfied and hungry for more. Four stars!"
76561198313524485,Recommended,498240,32168108,Posted: 3 June,all,Comanche Doyle,This had a story that was engaging and fun.  I enjoyed seeing how the choices I made effected the game and was really happy with the twists that unfold throughout.  If your a fan of batman this is well worth the money.
76561198040618458,Recommended,498240,30442183,Posted: 11 March,all,bornlippy0602,A really good Batman story and Telltale game. I couldn't play until they patched it but I'm really glad they did.
76561198156639928,Recommended,498240,30435762,Posted: 10 March,all,nerdyfighter,"A fantastic reimagining of the Batman mythology with some amazing voice acting (particularly Anthony Ingruber as the green haired inmate *wink wink*), clean graphics and a thoughtful progression of the story. The Tell-Tale mechanics were bit clunky and the game has a tendency to lag and freeze, but beyond those issues, still a very solid gaming experience. Looking forward to a Season 2!"
76561198059655115,Recommended,498240,28639348,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ray,Great.
,Recommended,498240,28642854,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Rumblefish,"If someone had described to me the type of game this is, I would have said ""Meh"" and passed. But then like any smart drug dealer, Telltale made the first episode free, and in a moment of boredom I said, ""Meh, I'll give it a try."" By the end of the opening scene I was hooked. It's much more linear than, say, the Arkham series, but it makes up for it with pretty amazing storytelling and game cinematics. And by that I mean the fights occur cinematically with player input; the player is not completely in control of the action as in the Arkham games. But like I said, the story/cinematics are a blast so I didn't mind at all."
,Recommended,498240,28599124,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Brazen,"This story is rich with plot. The twists, choices and overall feel of the game will keep you immersed.  This game kept me on the edge of my seat with anticipation when characters are introduced, and kept me guessing on how they will develop throught out the game with my choices. Best batman game I have played.  Please do yourself a favor, buy this game, get some friends and collaborate on choices. Nothing but win."
76561198176864914,Recommended,498240,28642060,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Borancan gamer,its awesome but pleas make it to mac
,Recommended,498240,28642419,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,◀Mr.Emerald▶,"Ok , bought this game for 19$ , one of the best teltale series games so far. The story really gets you a feeling like ur really in the game , and i really enjoyed it. I would recomend it 9.,5/10 , i found out many different and new things about the Batman. Great expirence! :))"
,Recommended,498240,28656546,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mem_leak,Really great game. I enjoyed telltales take on batman so much that I binged all 5 episodes in one night. Definitely recommend for any other batman fans.
76561198029793122,Recommended,498240,28699949,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MOARKRABS,"Fantastic and respectful portrayal of Bman. Give it a shot, it takes risks."
76561197960344344,Recommended,498240,28704120,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,coltos,"I wasn't satisfied with the story and most of the scenes felt plastic, but the fights were enjoyable and there were a few really interesting characters, like Harvey, Vicky and Selena. Also, the appearance of Joker was pretty cool. I am giving it a thumbs up overall.Always be yourself. Unless you can be batman. Then be batman."
,Not Recommended,498240,28736324,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Pr0file,"This game could've been great but the clear rush to get it out made it just an unpolished mediocre branching movie experience. The QTE (Quick Time Events) just exist to ilude you of that fact.I must admit that in some cases the QTE can do a lot for the experience - pressing the button at the right time really makes you feel powerful - but that immersion is broken when, before the action starts, you have to tediously link an enemy to how you're going to take him out (Not all action sequences start with this but the ones who do...). That's a decision I don't mind having but it would do a whole lot for the QTE experience if that decision was incorporated into the QTE itself, when in the middle of the battle you could press B+RIGHT to smash him with a chair or B+LEFT to throw him into the wall.Speaking of unpolished, the transitions in this game are infuriatingly immersion breaking, and I mean all kinds of transitions - mid combat screen transitions skips - mostly because someone though that autosaving in the middle of animations and transitions was a great idea -, the cut scenes' transitions also have a LOT of imperfections but the worst of all are the bugs found in the cut scenes animations, mainly eyes and mouth animations getting stuck or playing at the wrong times during conversations. Also, some action animations feel unnatural, as if they where initially implemented as place holders to be fleshed out later but it just shipped as is.Game sounds - It does it's job except when it doesn't. The sound track sometimes stopped and started latter during conversations - a great way to destroy the mood.Continuing with what's wrong with this game, the keyboard controls are so uninspired. Pretty much mouse only for decisions and navigating menus and a mix of keyboard and mouse for the QTE. I don't even understand (I do... the rush...) how they managed to break the menu navigation with the keyboard when the navigation with the controller is perfectly working fine.I ended up playing with a XBox controller as I never knew if I should be placing my hands on WSAD area, in the arrow keys or the mouse for the QTE (sadly enough I only have 2 hands). The aiming part is not great, as I usually take care of that with a mouse, but being able to kick back and make dialog decisions with a button press instead of using the mouse is a plus. (Hint - The keyboard has keys, why not tie the 1 to 4 keys to each dialog option like you did the XBox controller?)The IP in the form of this game's story is 100% what lifts it from the ground. As someone who's not heavy into Batman's story (I've watched all the Gotham series episodes) this kept me playing until the end and the branching story will make me replay the game at least 2 more time so I can find out what happens on the branches that I haven't navigated yet.Should you buy this? You should be the one making that decision based of what you've read from my review and others.Why do I not recommend this game? Because the rush is what stopped this game from being a must instead of being another item mass produced by the Telltales Games factory. Since I already voted with my wallet I must try something different.Permance wise, the game is running almost fine. I'm mostly hitting 144 fps.Some time it dips bellow 144 but not low enough to be distracting.This is still concerning if you look at my specs:Intel i5-6660Nvidia 10701080p 144Hz screen with the game running at native resolution.Windows 10 running of an SSD and game running of an HDD.TL;DR: If I could sum it in less words I would have. Read it or don't.Some stuff that annoyed me - breaking my immersion when I was getting relatively close to the endBefore the last episode I decided to create a Telltale account. What a great idea! I went through the last episode with a cloud and a cross appearing on right center of the screen every 30 seconds...For the other point - spoiler alert, YOU'VE BEEN WARNED!When inside the chamber where Vicki was tortured by her foster parents, I was given a investigation scene with only 2 dots to link - it was great feeling like a 6 year old again. Batman should've picked those up and automatically advance.Also, from ""She will liberate"" and what he almost immediately finds to be a drawing of people fleeing from Arkham Asylum - how does someone who can reconstitute a crime scene from less than a dozen clues takes so much time to understand what Alfred meant?!"
76561197979884937,Recommended,498240,28885433,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Butman,Huge respect for orginal story and it was definitely one of the best i ever saw/read despite some detailes which i hope will be explained in season 2. Some choice seems to be fake and game just goes its own way but overall you write your own Batman story and some decisions are really difficult to make.
76561197962661924,Recommended,498240,28887060,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Scrotum Pole,"Howdy. Pretty sure this is my first review and considering i've been on steam for some years this game has clearly motivated me to write a review. Having grown up with Batman, read Batman, watched Batman and thought Batman... this game took what I knew and blew it away. This allows you to make the choices YOU think YOUR version of Bruce/Batman would make and thats the good point... the genius is the fact the storyline is fresh and nothing you know!!! I thoroughly enjoyed this game and hope there will be future episodes.... but now I think I will buy the other telltale series!!"
76561198079647282,Recommended,498240,28883467,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lelouch,"The story is awesome, full of incredible twists. It's a good reimagination of the Batman Universe, and brings fresh ideas that, summed up with the amazing action scenes, make this game very entertaining. The only downside are the technical issues, such as performance drops and gameplay bugs."
,Recommended,498240,28893146,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Wumbo,"OH MY GOD! THIS GAME IS SO GOOD! This is some of telltale's finest work. PLEASE TELLTALE, MAKE ANOTHER ONE!"
,Recommended,498240,28893495,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Inspector Fowler,"If you like Batman, you'll probably like this game.If you like Telltale games, you might or might not like this game.It's a pretty simple formula - you'll get a Telltale game about the early years of Batman.  It's a Telltale game, so it's hitchy and glitchy and choppy and the animations (outside of the generally excellent combat animations) are laughably bizarre.But you're here for the story, and this game does just fine.  The major Bat-players for an early career Batman are in play.  Some are established, some are brand new.  The story has some twists on supporting characters or background stories that may turn off exceptional purists.  As somebody who has been pretty die-hard about Batman since my dad saw the 1989 Batman movie with me in the theater, I thought it was was largely a great take on the character and the choices he would make.Like all Telltale games, we'll all end up in roughly the same spot no matter what choices we make.  But you can be any Batman you prefer here, or any Bruce Wayne, for that matter.  Want to be the Animated Series Bruce Wayne who is all about philanthropy and building relationships?  Do it.  You could instead be Christian Bale's ""jackass persona"" Bruce Wayne.  Similar choices will affect you as Batman, where you can be the ""What's your name, son?"" kind of rescuer, or the ""It was stupid to come out here!"" Batman.  This applies to all your relationships, but let's not name names - seeing who appears in each episode is half the fun!I'd say that it felt like watching a (jankily) animated version of a mid-level comic book arc from Batman.  It's not Hush or The Long Halloween, but it's engaging and fun and lets you be the Batman you prefer.  That feels like a good fit for Telltale and for Batman."
,Recommended,498240,28893571,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,BobROE,Another really good Telltale game.  I'd rank it up there with Walking Dead and Tales from the Borderlands.
,Recommended,498240,28854883,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MaYheM4MaSSeS,"Another great game from TellTale. Don't listen to the fan boys or the ones with crappy computers. There is no real lag issue and the game does not crash.... Okay, it crashed on me once, but I can live with that."
,Recommended,498240,28882834,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Brahlam,"More! Thats what this craves for! :-)If you liked other Telltale games or like the Batman Franchice you will like this.Downside so... well Mark Hamil aint in it. :-/Mabye, if it sells well. in the next Episode? Who knows!"
,Recommended,498240,28826238,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Joppe,To be honest I didn't have high hopes for a Telltale Batman game since I didn't think the Telltale style would fit Batman that well. But I was completely wrong. This was such a great game. Even the action scenes was very enjoyable and well choreographed.
76561197974634162,Recommended,498240,28995713,Posted: 3 January,all,istari101,"Disclosure: I marathoned the full season over the course of a few days, rather than playing (and replaying) the installments as they came out, so I haven't experienced some of the game-breaking performance issues that seemed to have been plagued this game earlier on.Anyway...Despite some rough edges, I had a blast. The TT engine still needs some serious love, and I did experience periodic stuttering issues on a pretty capable gaming PC – and particularly during the earlier episodes – but I still really dig the art style of these games. However, I sincerely hope that TT debuts a legitimately new engine soon, because this game does not look as good as it should OR run as well as it ought to considering the quality of its visuals.I enjoyed the voice-acting, story, and the narrative's major plot twists, although I can understand why it has been a turn-off for some. TT has definitely given their own spin to some pretty notable baddies and their origin stories, and sometimes quite extensively. We also get a new villain, which I found compelling. I’m fine with that, since I thought they generally did a good job, although I wished some of the Wayne family revelations had been handled with a bit more… subtlety.It feels like we lost some interactivity this time, at least compared to the likes of The Walking Dead S1. I still enjoyed the event/crime scene reconstruction sequences, although I admittedly don’t really have any serious desire to play through them again now that the magic of discovery is gone. They were still fun for me initially – albeit a bit simplistic. I have mixed feelings about the best balance of interactivity in what are essentially modern point-and-click adventure games, but its reduction here did not harm my enjoyment. However, players that are looking for more dynamic environments or deeper player reactivity should know that it’s just not there.This was a fun, new Batman adventure that tipped some genre tropes on its head, had a few nice surprises, and actually makes it fun and engaging to play as Bruce Wayne – perhaps even more so than his alter ego. I eagerly await the next season."
,Recommended,498240,28996257,Posted: 3 January,all,TeeWhy,Incredible story and very interesting choices.
,Recommended,498240,28985388,Posted: 3 January,all,Sakakibara,great story but a couple of episodes crashed on me. plz fix the crashes.
76561197960867971,Recommended,498240,29011595,Posted: 4 January,all,TekniQ,"Although I did give the game a thumbs up because I did enjoy the overall story, there are a number of issues that really annoy me with not only this game, butALLtelltale games in general.  Telltale does a great job at creating games with interesting narratives, but they're most certainly not without some major flaws.My two biggest pet peeves:1) The episodes are ENTIRELY too short (especially when you wait months in between each episode).  I just don't feel like I get my money's worth with any telltale game...  And their newest edition, Batman, feels like a $5 game at best.  I finished the 5th episode in under an hour.  I mean seriously?  I wait a month for 30-45 minutes of gameplay + story telling.  Jesus Christ!2) Telltale claims that the game ""adapts"" to how you play and that the decisions you make effect the story moving forward.  With the exception of Game of Thrones, This just simply isn't true.  There's already a preset narrative that can not be deviated from and it's really ♥♥♥♥ing annoying.At this point, I feel it would be in Telltale's best interest to go the Netflix route and just release the full game with ALL episodes at once."
76561197971528816,Recommended,498240,29035160,Posted: 5 January,all,j_donald_c,"Once again, Telltale has created another thrilling story around a popular franchise.  This time they tackle Bruce Wayne and his alter ego Batman.  The writing is spot on.  The characters are believable, both in visuals and voice.  The environments in the game are spectacular and the sound is great.  It is my hope that they continue the series with other installments."
,Not Recommended,498240,29005367,Posted: 4 January,all,Braindead,"At some points Batman: a Telltale Series is a badly written Batman fanfiction with too much budget.At other points, it is a well written Bruce Wayne-Simulator with good Batman action sequences, but with heavy technical issues.The game is also shorter then any other Telltale game to date and the sound design is...acceptable with a pretty forgettable music score."
,Recommended,498240,29026097,Posted: 4 January,all,raidingkvatch,"Telltale aren't reinventing the wheel here, it's the same formula as all of their games since The Walking Dead. A well-told Batman story, with some interesting twists on the Batman mythos."
76561197976612595,Recommended,498240,29029827,Posted: 5 January,all,MechZahn,"Well I beat it last night, so now it's time to pass on the love.Please, please if you buy this game, do not and I REPEAT, DO NOT TURN ON PERFORMANCE OVER QUAILTY IN THE VIDEO OPTIONS MENU! I did this and didn't even realize until almost the very end of the game that the reason why whenever a video screen was supposed to be playing something in game that it was just a still image was because of this one little thing, no warning is given in game about this either so I didn't even realize until late late game when I was like, this seems too important not to be seen….”I wonder if I change that one setting it will make a difference?” I changed it and it did. Never have I face palmed so hard in 2017, tehe.Now that you know about it and won't do what I did. Sort of a bummer but still also kind of a testament to how engaging the story can be that even when missing entire elements of the presentation of the story it didn’t keep me from enjoying the hell out of it! One of the best things Telltale has ever made. Period. And I have played almost all of them.Moving on.Doubtless by now you've heard hundreds of other people say, ""It's not just about Batman, and it’s actually in some ways more about Bruce Wayne!"" This is truuuuuueeee, but it’s also kind of misleading, since after all Bruce Wayne is Batman and often says from time to time, “Batman is who I really am.” So maybe another way to read this game is, Batman has to deal with people as Bruce Wayne so that Batman can get back to being Batman and do Batman related things.Graphics look great but boy does it shutter a lot! I’d say too much, it’s my only real complaint that and Telltale games have a tendency to bill themselves as choice heavy games which is true but once again a little bit misleading. What your choices actually amount to is emotional tone. You might call me out on this but one of arguably the most visually stunning choices in the game character wise doesn't actually effect the outcome almost at all.  In fact, it's so jarring (after I found out after beating the game the first time how little my choice effected the outcome of the game) that I'm little disappointed in hindsight. They tried to make it seem like an event that it is actually not. I feel a little cheated because of it. To be fair though this might still be one of the better examples of your choices actually feeling like they do matter (even when later on you find out they didn't), which is almost the same thing! You do get to choose who to “be” between Batman and his alter ego Bruce to deal with various situations throughout the 6-7 hour first season play though. One situation stands out the most to me since it required the player to choose something that might end up hurting someone Batman loves versus making his final stance a near impossible situation which is like superhero good stuff storytelling 101. So you do make choices it’s just that those choices may not be all that impactful after all. :/Is it worth it though? I got it on sale for 16 something and for that was absolutely perfect for me. 24 dollars is little steep for me. You do get some adventure game lite sections with the “detective” work, but like Origins (and again in Dark Knight) it’s more about combing for places to scan and the game pieces stuff together for you, sure there’s a little bit of guess work here and there but were talking about like seventh grade level logic puzzles (and that’s being generous) here. You are not playing this game for the “puzzle solving”. What you do get is some pretty damn impressive storytelling, compete with twists and turns I didn’t always see coming. I’m a pretty big comic book fan so it takes a lot to surprise me these days. Not the, “I’m well-read look at me” sort of way more like I’m jaded and was not expecting to get caught off guard during a pretty jarring reveal, in the best way possible.  I literally said to no one, Holy *&(%Last thing I’ll add before my final words is about the “combat” system which is really more like a series of rhythm games that use timed button presses. For what it is it’s pretty damn fun! I don’t always like this part of their games in the past but the kinetic follow through of Batman’s punches, kicks and flips translates well into dance move sets. Not the Arkham series (nor was it trying to or did it ever have to be) level of combat mind you, but still quite engaging, you still get a real sense of danger during each encounter and as the game progresses less time is given to respond to tough but never unfair challenges.Final word? On sale, absolutely one of the finest games Telltale has ever made, Full Price? Well, that has a lot to do with how patient you are. I almost never buy anything on full price anymore, since if you wait, sales happen two to four times a year now. If you’re the biggest Batman fan ever and you have high disposable income, you probably already bought it. If you’re teetering, do it! It just takes a little push. Otherwise, 24 dollars for seven hours of good story telling you won’t forget any time soon? Really not a bad choice either. That’s like the price of a Blu Ray these days anyway."
,Recommended,498240,29028734,Posted: 5 January,all,espiegs93,"Another fantastic series by Telltale. It is easily as good as TWD Season 1. The developer's theme of difficult moral choices with no right or wrong answer fits perfectly in Gotham, as you watch the battered city spiral out of control despite your best intentions. Play as the heroic knight in shining armor or the violent vigilante. The dark world in which Batman resides will punish you either way.Each character the game presents (and, indeed, Gotham City itself) is deeply, beautifully, wrenchingly human. People make mistakes. They're driven by their emotions: fear, rage, greed, love. The experience is so emotionally absorbing and immersive that it can be upsetting at times. But in the end, you get out of this game (just as the real world) what you put into it. Show people compassion, give them hope, and they will be grateful.It goes without saying that the writing is phenomenal. Each and every choice, including the simple dialogue options, feel as if they carry weight. I understand some people's complaint that Telltale's games merely present the illusion of choice, but as I was playing, it did not feel like an illusion. Often, the timer had nearly run out before I had made my decision.The game isn't perfect. No game is. I experienced some minor framerate hiccups here and there, and sometimes the voiceover didn't quite match up with the movement of the character's lips. But this game, outside of being a wonderful addition to the larger Batman universe, bears witness to the trials we face as human beings, just as TWD did. It is not always fun, though it often is. But it is a work of love that deserves to be experienced."
76561198233543660,Recommended,498240,28930289,Posted: 1 January,all,scorpio,"First off, this is a great game if you're a huge superhero fan like i am. It was a dream come true being able to play as the batman in a Telltale game. But being a huge fan of Telltale and playing many of their other games, i have to say this is my least favorite right next to The Walking Dead: Michonne.The story of the game is amazingThe choices are great and even might make you go back a chapter to see if you could get a different outcome.BUGS! I played this game on release and it had some bugs but nothing too bad. (Most are probably fixed by now but beware of bugs)I love the voice acting and the characters (Batman fans will be pleased with the characters)The crowdplay is terrible. Just do not do it.I rate this game 7/10."
,Recommended,498240,26718304,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Bruce Wayne,"Excellent storyline, great interaction, pure Telltale! Some stuttering though, even with a high-end rig, but still great.The stuttering is gone after the last patch. Great story, great GFX, a must-buy for every Batman- and Telltale-Fan :-)"
,Recommended,498240,24896601,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Mino,"Fun game for batman fans, interesting bruce wayne story. A overall great game.8.5/10"
,Recommended,498240,28850443,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Stevers,"Incredibly fun, incredibly unoptimized."
,Recommended,498240,29138878,Posted: 9 January,all,akaijin,"An interactive comic/animation more than an adventure.Well written and with story  paths and dialogues choices helping setting the tone you want rather than changing the results of the story, but I like it better this way that several not so well written stories.Action through QT events well directed and with good choreography, underdeveloped investigation's sections.Worth 2/3 playthroughs to check out the various scenes given by the different choices."
,Recommended,498240,29170214,Posted: 10 January,all,d-pad,"At first I wasn't sure if I would like it, but fair play to telltale.It's a totally new story, which did work well with the characters, which I hope they explore more of in the future.Minor spolier, they even have an dialog option to say ""I'm Batman"""
,Recommended,498240,28734771,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Efilon_ToOne,"I would recommand this game to all story lovers!TellTale again accomplished bringing an awesome game that just sucks you inside of it, and wont let go untill the end.(And even then?.. Still want more to come! Dont want to Stop this magnificent game)The Story  - Amazing!The art style - Love it!its worth the money, and even that we now know at the end of the game who's the badguys (insertsadfacehere) it still has the opportunity to replay it and have a different line of story, maybe things would turn out different? Who know?play it, enjoy it, and find out ;)"
,Recommended,498240,33003029,Posted: 29 June,all,Chaotic Entropy,"Kind of annoying in terms lag and jitter between scenes, but the story is solid and it kept me interested. Just bear in mind that it is a Telltale game, nothing else."
76561198153065723,Recommended,498240,28735572,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DirtFoot,Easily one of my favorite story driven games. I would highly recommend it to anyone that love batman and mystery games :)Out of 10 i give this game 8/10
76561198271728864,Recommended,498240,29130903,Posted: 8 January,all,Chancellor Palpatine,"Interesting new take on the story of Batman. If you can get over a few changes to his character background then you're in for a treat. Well written story, enough action to keep you entertained, and being that it's a telltale game it really feels like you're in a comic. It takes the story of Batman to a darker place than other games have."
,Recommended,498240,28937451,Posted: 2 January,all,imorol,"A really enjoyable story being told in this Batman game. I'm not a reader of the comics so don't know if this narrative has been used before but it was new to me and came as a surprise, rather pleasantly. Good entertainment."
76561198129665681,Recommended,498240,29038561,Posted: 5 January,all,Brendono99,"i think telltale finally nailed what people want out of their games. Don't get me wrong, I personally love their walking dead series and tales from the borderlands, but this batman game has the right mix of ""gameplay"" and a perfect story. I honestly like Tales from the borderlands more, just because it was so damn funny. But the other telltale games before this had to much walking aimlessly in large areas. I just want to make choices and talk in the game, and they gave me what i wanted. Best batman gave I've ever played."
76561198033181604,Recommended,498240,28722862,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TonyStark,Telltale never fails to deliver a great story
,Recommended,498240,28723669,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Danko,"Pros:* It's Telltale Batman. It's everything you expect it to be. It's great. You won't regret playing it.* Performance issues are now also fixed. No reason not to play it.* Playing Bruce Wayne often feels like playing Commander Shepard.Cons:* Keep in mind it's possibly the shortest Telltale game and it feels rushed often. Each episode takes 90-120 minutes.The upside is that the pacing is good and fast you won't ever be bored with long sequences of inaction,* Frankly the plot feels weak often if you stop and think about it. The ""main twist"" in particular really feels pulled out of some dark hole and makes next to no story sense - if anything it's laughable. Logic often suffers for the sake of heroic drama.* It has an unusual take on Batman lore. It takes the original characters and twists them into something you don't expect... for better or for worse. Just don't expect everything to be canon, or you might be (un)pleasantly surprised.* You get to play the nice guy and the bad guy. But as usual with Telltale, don't expect your choices mattering much on the overall story.* There are some NASTY issues with your saves deleting. I suggest disabling cloud save and backing your local saves up after each episode so you won't waste your precious hours."
76561198071373461,Recommended,498240,29002970,Posted: 4 January,all,reddot24,"This is the best Telltale game since the original walking dead IMO. If you like Batman, get it. If you like a good story, get it. If you didn't like any previous Telltale games then it's probably not for you."
,Recommended,498240,28939150,Posted: 2 January,all,ZeroCool,"The storytelling of this game is perfect. You're free to be the Batman and Bruce Wayne of your childhood. Either the billionaire playboy, or the billionaire philanthropist or the billionaire freaked out dude. You also get to play either a very dark Batman or Batman filled with justice, putting Justice League themselves in shame.I can't wait for Season 2... I need season 2 now..."
76561197983308745,Recommended,498240,28998829,Posted: 3 January,all,Rainz,Really good I enjoyed some of the twist to old characters they put in I'd you've played and enjoyed other telltale games you'll like this too.
76561198009802187,Recommended,498240,28992121,Posted: 3 January,all,Altonu,"If you have played a Telltale adventure game before, you have a rough idea of what to expect from the experience, but if not, then it is important to know that its less of a game and more of an interactive book/animated feature.  As far as I know, there are not multiple endings, but the choices you make during play can affect the rest of the experience leading up to the end.It is also important to go into it with the perspective of this being an alternate univers/eleseworlds type of story.  If you enjoyed the Batman: Earth One story arc, then I think you will also enjoy this.  Its a plausible alternate universe with a good amount of interesting twists and different takes on familiar characters.I did not expereicne any technical problems running it, but I have read of that being an issue for some, so if you are worried about that, you should try the free demo first (probably a good idea either way)."
76561197991994586,Recommended,498240,28849589,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Falcon,"Don't let the lacklustre trailer fool you, the story and game are really rather good.This is a very interesting take on the Batman mythos. Like any good Batman yarn, it has Bruce desperately trying to find the righteous path through a sea of ethical dilemmas. And like most Telltale games you have to make those decisions. What kind of Batman will you be?On the down-side the performance patch hasn't resolved all the issues. I have had the odd stutter and one inexplicable CTD while playing. But nothing insurmountable.There is the other niggle I have with these Telltale games, where much like a US TV Show, they insist on giving you a 'next  time on..' long preview of the next episode which you cannot skip. I usually have to go make a cup of tea while it plays out!In addition my played time is all it took to complete a playthrough and I don't feel the compulsion to play it through again anytime soon. So it's worth weighing up whether a 5 hour long game is worth the price. Personally I thought it was, but I know some people may not."
,Recommended,498240,28753789,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,nolifemark,"I would put it on the same levels of their Walking Dead games in terms of storytelling. I enjoyed it, and bought it while it was on sale. The only problem I had, was that it was far too short, I averaged about an hour and twenty minutes per episode, except for the last episode, which took me about 2 hours. An easy 8/10. Would be a 9, but I just found the season far too short."
,Recommended,498240,28701655,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Wolfox,"As of the time of this review, this game still had some graphical glitches like skipping, freezing split second etc. on a high end system.Apart from glitches, the story of the game is well written and captivating. You really feel like Bruce Wayne. There are more gameplay elements in this game like connecting clues etc. that contributes the feeling of a more complete game. After The Wolf Among Us and The Walking Dead Season 1, this is the third best Telltale game I've ever played."
76561198029977284,Recommended,498240,28791507,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,littlemanoncampus,Lots of fun! Excited to replay through and change my decisions.
76561198001934118,Recommended,498240,28772256,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Walter,"Great game, great story and good voice actors.Only minus is the new engine kinda stuttering but overall a good quality game."
,Recommended,498240,28837337,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jon,"Great characters and great story! And I haven't even watched/played any previous Batman movies/games. The quick-time events are actually very enjoyable in this title, much more so than other Telltale games! (despite not being very challenging) The detective stuff is also enjoyable. And I'm not generally a fan of dectective stuff, so kudos to Telltale for making it interesting.Definitely worth your money if you've enjoyed the other Telltale or DontNod games."
,Recommended,498240,28804821,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Batman and TellTale, good match.Favorite Thing: Story was cliche but enjoyable and full of action.Least Favorite Thing: The game hitches a lot. Once or twice it was really bad and impacted the flow of the story.Playtime: ~ 8hEnjoyment: 8/10Recommendation: If you're a fan of TellTale or Batman."
76561198036404873,Recommended,498240,30268060,Posted: 1 March,all,bala_cala,"Telltale has done it again! If you enjoyed similar titles such as Life is Strange or The Wolf Among Us, then you will have a good time playing through this series for sure. The main story is left on a huuuge cliff hangar so I'm keeping my eyes out for the DLC. Other than that, decision making in this game seems to come without consequence, and the story seems quite similar either way, from my experience.8/10 enjoyed the playthrough for only ~$15Definitely worth a purchase when it's on sale."
76561198030893028,Recommended,498240,30266670,Posted: 1 March,all,Yukiro Oshi,A strong well crafted and intriguing story.
76561197983607638,Recommended,498240,31070889,Posted: 10 April,all,Colonel Dashing,"It has an interesting and unique take on Batman, not necessarily following the more accepted canon, but was fun to play. The interactions between characters is interesting, and the writers clearly understand and honor the essence of Batman. Not as good as Arkham Asylum or City, but at the very least on par with Arkham Knight."
,Recommended,498240,27688082,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,데스티니 호프 사이러스,Best Batman ever.Best Catwoman ever.Best Joker ever.10/10Waiting Season 2.
,Not Recommended,498240,24678165,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TangoRango,"Having played all episodes, I find it hard to review this game. Up until episode 5 I recommended this game, but now... after it all... I just can't. If you are a Batman fan, don't play this game.Now, this game does a lot of things right. It has a great way of making you play and think about your choices both as Batman and as Bruce Wayne. But these choices are the exact reason I can't recommend the game.You pretty much know that your choices don't actually make that much, if any, difference in a TT game. But the choices given here, with this fact in mind, are just insulting. Straight up insulting to any Batman fan.Have to go into spoilers to explain this:You have the choice to save Harvey Dent from being scarred, and in doing so, one would expect to be given a chance to stop him from becoming Two-Face. But no, even if you save him, he still becomes Two-Face... WITHOUT THE TWO FACES. Why give us such a choice at all? Why make us face such a pivotal decision if it doesn't matter at all?Worse yet, at the end we are given the choice to save Alfred by taking our mask off. Think about it again, we are given a choice to reveal our identity to a villain. Our biggest secret. This is so big from a character standpoint, and has so much potential in terms of narrative. But the game s**ts all over it, with there being almost no difference in dialogue, let alone plot whatsoever regardless of what you do. I really felt insulted as a Batman fan after this moment.And in the end, a narrative which at the start showed a lot of potential with some interesting takes on certain established characters feels incredibly rushed just so that we could basically have the classic takes on the characters set up for Season 2. With nothing you've done having any impact on anything.I know what to expect in TT games, and I know how the choices impact the game. But usually, those choices are related either to original characters, or at least tend to show respect to the original lore. Here, TT decided to take some ""liberties"" in their take on the character which just insults Batman, as well as all of his fans.Sad to say, in the end, despite being excited and enjoying a fair amount of the season, I just left with a very sour taste in my mouth."
,Recommended,498240,29220309,Posted: 13 January,all,bhBlacky,"great game, great story. performance could be better"
,Recommended,498240,29197226,Posted: 11 January,all,netsentry,"It's another Telltale, take the good with the rest.  I love these games (especially Borderlands!).  It's quite a bit shorter than TWD, Wolf Among Us, or Game of Thrones, and there's plenty of room for more Batman lore characters.  It's worth a buy on discount; hopefully the inevitable season two will be a longer story featuring more of the characters Batman fans care about."
,Recommended,498240,29241317,Posted: 13 January,all,Lord Sparda,"So my head keeps twisting around to portions where it shouldn't be, fun game but why the f*ck are these bugs so rampant"
,Recommended,498240,29242736,Posted: 14 January,all,christophloew,"Flawed but still - Always Be BatmanSome of the technical aspects appear phoned in - shader issues, voice/subtitle mismatches, major stuttering in some scenes, an episode recap showing scenes conflicting with the decisions made - and  the writing is far from the hayday of the Walking Dead series.Depending on what Batman you grew up with, you may find the alternative backstories more or less idiotic - but they form an immersive Gotham in which the 9 hours playtime pass in a flash.All in all - thumbs up, I'd give it 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,498240,29247631,Posted: 14 January,all,Zaznayka,"My introduction to Telltale Games was long ago at the times of The Walking Dead (as I suppose everyone else), but I was never able to finish it (too dark of a setting, too clunky of gameplay for someone as bad at games as me). And since then I haven't played anything from them.So the first thing I should say - gameplay really did EVOLVE during this time. Batman - The Telltale Series is where Telltale games come to shine. Finally I really felt like I am a part of comics, the media that I really love. It was great to have choices that didn't force me to choose who dies or lives, but that mean something more. Quicktime events may be overwhelming for a newbie (like me), but eventually you learn to love them and you wait for them with excitement. Honestly, sometimes it feels like you are the one doing all the punches - my brain would convince me the next button is E, but it was Q and the dance my inexperienced fingers had to do... xDBut of course the main thing was the story. Being not very familiar with DС comics, I still felt joy each time I recognised a character. And the turns were pretty unexpected anyways. I loved how the plot wrapped up... and the promise of more left me very excited. Thanks for the opportunity to built a hopeful, compassionate Batman!All in all - great game! Worth a buy."
,Recommended,498240,28537122,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Maikki,"4/5Refreshing take on Batman Mythos. The game forces even a more hardcore Batman fans to rethink their opinions about certain things, and it might be the best thing about the game; you can never be too sure about anything.PC port has gotten some bad wind under it wings, but at the end of 2016 the game ran fine with GTX 960 2GB + i5-2320 3.00Ghz + 8GB Ram.Would recommend this to any Batman fan, and for those, who enjoy and like more story driven games, in which there are consequences for the choices you make."
76561198111659933,Recommended,498240,31006902,Posted: 7 April,all,jgeiselhart11,"Batman: The Telltale Series takes artistic licence to a whole new level for a super-hero story. Eveyone you are familar with is there but yet it feels new. You can also rewrite a few BatMythos depending on your choices which is also enertaining and increases replayability factor. Your Batman can be as brooding as Michael Keaton or as feirce as Ben Affleck's it all depends on you, besides the killing part of course.  In many ways the creativity of TT: Batman is on par with the Cartoon Network Series ""Beware the Batman"" besides the awful CGI. The game is kind of slow in some cases loading and reloading but remember it has to adapt to your choices so actaully have to let it ""think."" Other than minor load waits, I would highly recommend it to anyone that is a fan or any rendition of Batman, it gives homage to all and beats to its own drum. I hope TT follows up with a Season 2 with the same artistic license as this one."
76561198088908790,Recommended,498240,29403423,Posted: 21 January,all,Chrome to ya dome,Great story and great gameplay
76561198062197146,Recommended,498240,29246087,Posted: 14 January,all,Shunnie23,"Tell Tale make great stories...wow! still got episode 4 and 5 to go but l really enjoy the episodes. I like getting through one or two a night but l do not have time to do more than that however on the plus side l get to experience the game and complete it. I also like the achievements. l am a huge achievement fan but don't have the time for achievements to take forever to get or are very hard to achieve. I am proud that l can get nearly complete achievements from Tell Tale. Thankyou.Just finished the last epsiode. Episode 5 is really really dark...was abit meh! as the last epsiode was probably the weakest. The pay off from all your choices did not seem to matter as l felt no matter what choice you would still get the same outcome apart from the very very end. Anway highly recommend playing this all in one binge as you get more invested in the story and the characters. The fight scenes where the highlight in the entire series...l would like more interaction with the fight scenes as man some of them would be awesome if they brought those scenes to the Big Screen. I like Batman as a dark character who takes no mercy. As someone who has played all the Telltale games, this one felt more of a game! was great!"
,Recommended,498240,29330009,Posted: 17 January,all,beccArt,"This is literally one of the best iterations of Batman I've seen, reminisicent of BtAS from the 90s. A definite must have for any Batman fan. Gameplay is a bit wonky, tho."
,Recommended,498240,29377721,Posted: 20 January,all,Slitherdick Von Fingerbang,Cons -Stuttering issuesCrashesSometimes clunky dialoguePros -Fun to playKept me intrested until the endGraphics were pretty decentGood redesign of Batman villans
76561198058904839,Recommended,498240,29379840,Posted: 20 January,all,Heretic,"An intresting, new take on batman for those who love the series, but are tired of generic comicbook games and movies of today.Honestly, despite how the game game makes your ""game changing"" choices matter, the differences and actual outcomes really aren't all that different; but it still gives you a semse of personalization that I enjoyed.I'd definitly say give it a try, especially since the 1st episode is free; I'd also recommend using a controller."
76561198003055054,Not Recommended,498240,28510273,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Fr✽stTorpid,"im a huge telltale games fan, but this one is one of the worst ones out there. crashes alot, bad writing, sound pops in and out, if you miss buttons during fights it doesnt matter, no big or hard choises. stay away from this one. The new TWD a new frontier is way better, buy that instead."
76561198026153231,Recommended,498240,27747452,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Commander Artanis,"Update :So now that I have finished episode 5, I`m just gonna say that I really liked the game. Mostly because of the characters and Batman of course. A short adress to the technical issues, when I played ep. 1-4 it was kind of buggy and tended to crash, but those issues are seemingly fixed with the release of ep 5. It ran smooth, I encountered no more bugs and had no crashes anymore. While TT should have fixed that earlier, it has been fixed now. Definitivly recommended to all Batman fans. It does explore some refreshing ideas in regard to Batman.Despite of beeing a rather poor pc port I still very much enjoy this game. Telltale has managed to capture me again. At the end of the first episode I knew I would have to play this until the end. The story has me on the edge of my seat so far, and the portrayed Batman reminds me of Nolans Batman. So I`d say : So far so good. Can`t wait to play episode 5. Will update the review as soon as I finished the game. Recommended to all Batman fans."
76561198008778914,Recommended,498240,28562475,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ser Kezian,"Thoroughly enjoyed this and can't wait for a 2nd game to be made. Love all the Telltale games and hope they continue to keep up the good work. There are so any stories this developer could make. I'm hoping on either another DC game, a Marvel game (Spider-man please) or Serenity the TV series made into a Telltale game. Imagine Mal or Jayne as the actual voices!!! Nerdgasm. 10/10"
,Recommended,498240,27969601,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,"When in Doubt, Common Sense",CW's Flash runs faster than this game.
,Recommended,498240,28359569,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ezio Audacity the Refrigerator,"Batman is the latest episodic series from Telltale, and also one of their most interesting. The series is set within its own unique Batman universe, one where Bruce Wayne has only recently begun working as Batman. Thankfully, unlike many other adaptations, our time isn't wasted by showing us the deaths of Bruce's parents to set up his story - thought that's not to say that the Waynes don't play an important role in how the plot plays out. Telltale's unique spin on the classic Batman story is refreshing to see, and will ensure that you're caught off-guard by the numerous plot twists throughout the series. Thanks to this, I was hooked the whole time. Along with The Wolf Among Us, Tales from the Borderlands, and the first season of The Walking Dead, Batman is one of the best games Telltale has released."
,Recommended,498240,28361714,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dr. Stingray,"This game waesnt disapointment. There were some difficult choises, but the story were great."
,Recommended,498240,28360911,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,OttoAquariusP45,More of the same from Telltale Games. Some see that as a bad thing. I am not one of them. As a huge Batman fan this was thoroughly enjoyable. Hopefully there will be a Season 2.
,Recommended,498240,28361409,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Alo,"Honestly, I cannot write a short sussinct review highlighting what I liked about this game, because I loved everything. So, instead, here's a much shorter list of things I didn't like, which didn't really detract from the game overall at all. [spoiler warning]- TellTales habit of telling us our choices matter, when they don't really (who can blame them, a game is a game)- ""John Doe?"" Like, come on TellTale. ""JOHN"" MOTHERF***ING ""DOE."" Like, not even ""Joe Ker?"" We all know who it is, so cut  the crap.- The final suit upgrade, literally contributed nothing. Batman still got hurt the same, didn't have any new gadgets, and was just all around no different from the batman in the Mk. 1 suit- ""The Penguin"" makes reference to Oswalds small frame and wobbling walk pattern. Doesn't really stand up when he's the same size as (if not taller than) Bruce. If you went with ""Emperor"" it could be a play on 'Emperor Penguin' or whatever, but yeah.- Why did you have to make me feel bad for banging Selina? Like, come on. That's a cheap shot.Otherwise, loved the game, and hope they make a second one."
76561198090651683,Recommended,498240,28361432,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Thor,"One of the best Telltale games and one of the best Batman stories I've ever seen, it takes a familiar narrative and puts excellent twists on it, if you like Batman you will not be dissapointed."
76561197986612920,Recommended,498240,28358465,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kelsier,Cool story but choises don't really matter.
76561198046414056,Recommended,498240,28359220,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,WrittenBackwrds,"Its almost as good as Minecraft: Story mode, almost."
76561198215096124,Recommended,498240,28358227,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,|||||||4||||||||||||7|||||||,Great game and i recommend it to those who are thinking about buying.The game itself is good but there are some tecnical issues on pc even after the 7gb update its better but there are still some noticable fps dorps.I recommend donloading the firs episode for free to try it out.
,Recommended,498240,28360786,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Jmac,Was ok but ending was meh.
76561198076020737,Recommended,498240,28345294,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,candlestick83,I loved the fact that we get to know the Wayne family better in this series. The origin story is refreshing - very unlike the other Batman movies.
76561198051500348,Recommended,498240,28388745,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,⚔Gared⚔,I have to say this is one of the best telltale games ive played! :D lots of action packed events and interesting storylines!PS: Episode 5 is the best damn episode full of action!!! its a must play episode!
,Recommended,498240,28426627,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,A747,Batman - The Telltale Series explores a different side of Batman and Bruce Wayne as has not been often told before. Highly recommend this to any Batman or even non Batman fan as it is a well written story and the choice to chose what Batman you want to be is just simply an amazing experience.
,Recommended,498240,25822645,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lightning,"So far I haven't had any tech issues with this game. Telltale has been know for making rich story games, and it nails it here. It shows how Batman is interfering with Bruce Wayne's life. It shows how the monster is taking over the man. This is something I have only seen a few times in Batman. In this game you can really BE THE BATMAN. You make the choices, and decide if the monster will take over the man. So far I really like this game, and I hope Telltale can fix the tech issues. I have had a huge lag problem in the game when i started episode 3. Until this is fixed, i can not recommend the game.Telltale made a permorfance patch which helped a lot."
76561198036422626,Recommended,498240,28398958,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,betting55555,"Overall I really liked it, there were a lot of great dramatic turns in the story that kept it interesting.  Wasn't a huge fan of the final episode and ending (not going to give any spoilers) but other than that I thought it was great and hope that they come back with a season 2"
76561197999824868,Recommended,498240,28380137,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Geodude07,"This story has something to it, and like many Telltale games that is the whole point. However it never really picks up the flow of some of the other Telltale games.Maybe i'm getting used to the formula, but too many decisions felt pointless. There were lots of great setups and moments, but it feels like many of them fly by so fast that I barely get the chance to really enjoy or consider them. At times I just wished this was a short film that explored this concept of a corrupt Wayne family further. It does hit the important notes of a batman story and a Telltale story and it is mostly competently executed. It does have the ocassional hiccup, even after the latest performance patch, but nothing that destroyed my gameplay.It just doesn't have that 'edge'. It doesn't make me want to see more at the end of each episode and the pace almost feels too quick to really enjoy the truly interesting parts. I enjoyed it enough to recommend it, but it's not the strongest of the Telltale series.Overall i'd say to give it a go if you like Batman and Telltale.7/10"
76561198146733532,Recommended,498240,28381645,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Power Player,"A truly fantastic game that tells the story of Batman/Bruce Wayne like never before. I highly recommend it if you are a Batman fan, or even of Telltale in general. There were some bugs, but the game was always playable. Can't wait for season two!"
,Recommended,498240,29992392,Posted: 17 February,all,Dirt,"Has improved greatly, performance wise since the earliest reviews. Still not perfect, but easily playable on my GTX 970 at 60FPS 1080p.Coming from somone who barely knows anything about Batman, I really enjoyed it storywise. It's like all the other telltale games. Easily worth it's small price for the 8 hours of enjoyment you'll get. If you like the TellTale style of game, you will like this, even if you barely know anything about Batman.The linking mechanic is cool, and the planned spots where you can take out enemies in different ways works really well.Looking forward to a season two if it ever happens."
76561198115857921,Recommended,498240,29992943,Posted: 17 February,all,16bitSamurai,"Although this game has numerous graphical errors and could have used from polish, it is still worth a buy. The story is flawed in many ways, but it's also an interesting take on many elements of a beloved character. I give it a buy it on sale rating."
76561198070176651,Recommended,498240,30002897,Posted: 18 February,all,Epionic,Good story. Worth it if your into TT games. Skip if you're burnt out on the format. Nothing new here...
76561198031903307,Recommended,498240,30003602,Posted: 18 February,all,Pha cops,"Exceptional storytelling and flow thereof, with a flawless intermingling of user interactions to remain engaged."
76561198279138741,Not Recommended,498240,29951655,Posted: 15 February,all,CAPTAIN COLDREN,"The whole game feels like a fanfic. The quicktime events are repetitive as hell, and the investigation scenes are incredibly slow, and very dull. It's not a bad game, but definitely wait until it's on sale."
76561198119562821,Recommended,498240,29953800,Posted: 15 February,all,Humble,fantastic game. it has a great story in the batman universe. my only complaint is i wished you could fail quick time events and cause a diffrent scenerio.
76561198020881055,Recommended,498240,29954350,Posted: 15 February,all,0Neko,"This was my first time playing a Telltale Series game... It was an interesting, layed back gaming experience. It was like reading a comic that you can interact with. I wouldn't recommend this game at full price as its fairly short. But if its on sale and you are looking for this type of game - fo sure!"
,Recommended,498240,29881644,Posted: 12 February,all,{HCBL}ChickenNCow,"/*Hi this is an honest review of the game :) I am not a comic nerd so I do not care about the game being non cannon, also is there not an alternate universe kind of system in DC's plot?1.This game had a capturing story with interesting choices.2.The fighting mechanics of this game are very enjoyable3.Minor graphics errors but they still exist and are noticable"
,Recommended,498240,29878011,Posted: 12 February,all,marleenmii,"This game really shows batmans early years from a different angle. Even though the storyline was predictable, the gameplay  was still really enjoyable. Telltale has added some extra combat controls in the game and the usual moral choices were difficult as ever. It's hard to say how much weight the choices really have on the storyline and this is why I really look forward to replaying this one."
76561197978049429,Recommended,498240,29912434,Posted: 13 February,all,Dreamcatcher,"I am a huge Batman fan and loved the series!!! I really wished that they would release more episodes.... Only problem I have with this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor performance, it still hasn't been fixed!!!"
76561198037352761,Recommended,498240,29910935,Posted: 13 February,all,matiss_at,"After ""The Wolf among us"" another superb TellTale game/interactive comic."
,Recommended,498240,29911211,Posted: 13 February,all,xAssassin951x,amazing
,Recommended,498240,29913522,Posted: 13 February,all,Niocre™ ∴,"I really got not much time to write an review right now, but the game makes it worth.I really got captured by the game and I experienced all chapters under just a day. The way Telltale told this story was absolutely amazing.Although, it seems that most people thinks the choices in this game didn't really matter.Sure, some choices were abit vague on how the story would devolop in certain directions because it felt like sometimes they didn't really matter in the end of the chapter. But for me it doesn't really matter. I think every moment in this game made you feel like you were apart of it. You could decide in which way you would say things in hope to get the outcome you aimed for. Some choices were really hard whilst others only matter in which aproach you want.Telltale did an terrific job of giving you the chance to balance two identities that really makes you struggle with decisions.As conclusion I may add that I am pretty tired and I have no clue how I structured this review because after reading it, the review seems to be abit messy. But my point is that this game is absolutely worth playing just because of the story itself. It's like watching a really fantastic tv show you just can't stop seeing.So, if choices that changes the story dramatically really matter for you, this might not be the right game for you. But if you just want a great story of Bruce Wayne's double identity and how he struggles with fame, guilt, responsibility, love and friendship, this is just something you want to spend some hours on!"
,Recommended,498240,29914752,Posted: 13 February,all,billybobturwiligger,I AM THE NIGHT!
,Recommended,498240,29888602,Posted: 12 February,all,Öksökö,"Astounding story, there is some gameplay but if you want a game with a story here it is. I've played this game straight non-stop. I can it just keeps me going. I like how it allows you to choose how the story goes, player choice is always something to have in video games."
,Recommended,498240,29953057,Posted: 15 February,all,CromsTeeth,"Telltale games are always a pleasure. This one does not disappoint. The Arkham series is fun, but in this game one gets a feel for the total package. The player has the opportunity to live as Bruce Wayne and Batman. There's action, there's some rudimentary detective work (which really could be expounded upon), and there's the constant struggle of choice.Bravo, Telltale!"
,Recommended,498240,29958940,Posted: 16 February,all,Баклажан,10/10 Season 2 pls
,Recommended,498240,30076626,Posted: 21 February,all,Captain Kegs,"I enjoyed this game. It's not Telltale's best game and really doesn't compare to games like The Walking Dead S1 + S2, The Wolf Among Us and Tales from the Borderlands. Regardless it still is worth playing if you are a fan of Batman or Telltale's other games. Quick pros cons listPros-Good voice acting and writing-Unique take on Gotham and it's characters-Story is good with an unexpected plot twist-Good length and value for your money-BatmanCons-Plenty of bugs and glitches, more than other Telltale games. Also my Xbox One controller had RT bound to LT.-Decisions really do not matter, which normally I could live with but it's notably irritating in this game-Removed the checkpoint system so there's no going back, which may be annoying due to the above issueI'd score it a 7.5 and recommend it to people who like games of this style."
76561198108508675,Recommended,498240,30089041,Posted: 21 February,all,Caped_Baldy,"The game is great, telltale did another good job although this one is more QTE heavy with the fighting scenes. Have played through it only once but I'm wondering if I could have prevented some things."
,Recommended,498240,30091317,Posted: 21 February,all,EasyDookie,Really good story.first episode was a little glitchy; but the rest holds up well.
,Recommended,498240,29833392,Posted: 10 February,all,Seacapp,A very good game waiting for the next episode...
,Recommended,498240,29830421,Posted: 10 February,all,BelgianDan,"I effing love this game despite the tech issues I had with it, loved the characters, loved the choices, loved the story."
76561198142544641,Recommended,498240,29845667,Posted: 11 February,all,OMG Its Blade,After contemplating if i should get this game because of all of the bad reviews i decided to get it and boy i was right its an amazing quicktime game like all good telltale games.  It only crashes the first time you load it but booting it back up works fine smooth at 60 FPS    9/10
,Recommended,498240,29596306,Posted: 30 January,all,Evo Beasty,Aewsome Game100% Recommend to story line lovers
,Not Recommended,498240,30013509,Posted: 18 February,all,Devilish,"The story is great, but the graphical performance is oddly bad, especially considering I have an Nvidia 1080. Regardless of settings I get very low, almost unplayable framerates during busy scenes. Minus the bugs, it's a good game."
,Recommended,498240,30014719,Posted: 18 February,all,Pennycook,"It's a Telltale game.  If you've played any other Telltale game, that should be enough of a review.  If not...Batman - The Telltale Seriesdoesn't stray very far from Telltale's tried and tested formula; the story is an original and interesting use of the licensed IP, the gameplay switches back and forth between discussion options and QTEs, and you feel like your choices matter (even if they don't, really).  The new crime scene mechanic is a welcome addition, but sadly under-utilized here.I think other reviewers have been unfair in voting the game down for its technical issues, and for claiming it's a poor console port.  Although I did find the engine to be a little bit wonky at times, occasionally stuttering during action sequences, I wasn't surprised -- having played Telltale games on Wii, PS3 and PS4, I can confidently say that video and audio glitches are present wherever you choose to play them."
76561198279515091,Recommended,498240,30005634,Posted: 18 February,all,incapable.of.bending.knee,Amazing game and storyline totally brings out a new perspective of both Bruce Wayne & Batman. Really recommend to try first Episode 1. The game really brings out the character.
,Recommended,498240,30008497,Posted: 18 February,all,Bren170987,Decent.
76561197998573113,Recommended,498240,30006552,Posted: 18 February,all,Hawk,"Great Addition to the ""Telltale Series""-Games. This is not your classical Batman story, but one with a new and fresh take on the characters of the Batman-Franchise. Overall, shorter than other games of the series. But in my opinion the best one right after the ""Walking Dead""-games."
,Recommended,498240,29926162,Posted: 14 February,all,MadRUssian,"The game has been fixed for quite a while and runs smoothly, however I've noticed some bugs where the keys that you have to press are almost invisible or that a character's mouth did not move as you engaged in a dialogue with a character, however these were just a one time bug as I did not come across them again.The story itself is refreshing and entertaining until the end with the different plot twists that will keep you on the edge of your seat, although the major choices don't mater, cough telltale cough, the smaller choices do affect your experience in a way that doesn't make you feel like you've done it all for nothing.Overall it's a great game for any of Telltale fans to play and try out, however it is not too long, but I found it had a little of replayability in it. Definitely worth picking up on a sale"
76561198006660650,Recommended,498240,29926740,Posted: 14 February,all,thasx,"Not a huge batman fan, but this game got me hooked! Felt like my decisions really impacted the story, although I've read that it's typical for Telltale games that choices don't really change much... But I guess, the illusion did the job ;) This game made me hope for a sequel, that's for sure."
76561197998050806,Recommended,498240,29925183,Posted: 14 February,all,Noises,"All QTE. 98% of the title is QTE. That does not make it a bad game but as a mechanic it is used so much it should be noted. Though if you like Telltale games, that comes as no surprise and certainly no disappointment. I enjoyed the way the story weaved multiple villains together into a quasi-hierarchy, forcing you to consider villains as multi-layered. The way this story was woven should be mirrored in all games.A single villain wasn't the threat, but villainy itself.I found myself wishing the game were more open world so I could explore the story in a larger environment with less linear progression but I understand that would sacrifice the integrity of the story by diluting it with superfluous content.I found some of the scenes choppy and there were some bugs with playback showing scenes that I hadn't actually chosen, such as Lucius showing up at the Bat computer in one scene he wasn't even in during the choice phase.With this game, if you can lock down the full series for under $20 is a good deal.I'm not a fan of Telltale generally due to the QTE element of their games, but I love batman so when this title came on sale -  It was a no-brainer.Pro: Story development is engaging, graphics are solid, batman, integrity of story overallCon: Some minor glitches with loading choppy periodically, story recaps inconsistent with choices made, some scenes where your combat prowess (QTE execution) is throttled forcibly by the story even if your QTE execution is perfect."
76561198123812415,Recommended,498240,29918051,Posted: 14 February,all,abu_3abd_9000,"best telltale game to dae 9/10.only a few hiccups in performance afew adlips, but doesnt affect the amazing story !"
,Recommended,498240,29931523,Posted: 14 February,all,King Vegeta,"I've bought & played a lot of Telltale games & this one is about average in overall quality.  It has it's moments, but it also does some pretty annoying things from time to time & suffers from some performance issues & janky animations.PROS-Good Story-Plot Twists-Great Voice Acting-Player Choice Interaction-Encourages Multiple PlaythroughsCONS-Choices don't really matter-Janky Animations & Transitions-Blatent Advertising-Game is ShortSTORYThe story involves you playing as Bruce Wayne being involved in a conspiracy from his parents past.  You have to choose when to play as Bruce & when to play as Batman & choices will affect certain peoples oppinions of you later on in the game, or at least give the illusion of it.  Most of the choices resolve in the same or similar outcome.  As you play through the story you'll unlock codex entries for characters, & certain areas in Gotham City.  Other than that, there's not really much more I can say without spoiling it.  It's a Telltale game, afterall & their games are 90% story.GAMEPLAY & FEATURESThe game has 5 chapters total, which all vary in length.  You choose dialog options with the A/B/X/Y buttons & use them combined with the joystick for QTE segments that usually involve dodging or attacking enemies.  You also set up ambushes in augmented reality that perfectly simulate what you are trying to do before hand.  Then there are basic puzzles that involve solving crime scenes & linking events within the scenes with eachother to paint a picture of what happened.  These are all set in stone, & you can't really get different pictures from mix/matching the moments.  Then there's the character opinions of you which basically are slight changes in the overall story.  If you beat up criminals or impale them, certain characters will resent Batman & if you insult them or ignore them as Bruce they'll resent him.  Overall, I've not really seen much changes in outcomes either way.  It's still the basic Interactive Movie set up that all Telltale games have been using since day one.The game also has some scenes which you can only experience in multiple playthroughs.  When you choose between playing as Bruce or Batman changes the scenerio & dialog considerably & in order to experience everything you will need to play the game at least twice.  In the end, though, the outcome is still pretty much the same.  It's just another way of obtaining it.The game also does some blatant advertising after each chapter, which is kind of annoying.  ""GO BUY COMICS!"" is basically what it's saying & it says it every time you complete a chapter.The game is also fairly short.  I managed to beat it in just over 7 hours.  Not bad but also not as long as other games from Telltale for the same price.  It took me almost twice as long for Tales From the Borderlands, so this one being about half the length is kind of a shame.OVERALLOverall, the game is good & cutscenes are done very well.  The game does stutter from time to time & has janky animations in some cutscenes but nothing that ruins the overall game experience.  If you are thinking of picking this one up I'd say it's recommendable, just don't be too upset if the game uses some familiar faces in ways that you weren't expecting.  The game is trying to tell a new story in an alternate universe with Batman & it does a good job of it, but it does overuse some familiar faces in ways that are kind of jarring.  If you can get past that, then by all means try this one out."
76561198056842200,Recommended,498240,29933599,Posted: 14 February,all,Nekouda,Best tell tale game yet
76561198090330962,Recommended,498240,29935458,Posted: 14 February,all,johnanwyll,"Game is great, fantastic story as good as a movie,  the only downside to this game is that I had a lot is FPS drops and other performance issues, other than that absalutely worth a play through"
,Recommended,498240,30001488,Posted: 17 February,all,Dead Strike,A great batman game with a compelling story with great characters and nothing like anything seen in a batman game.
76561198049362333,Recommended,498240,31284826,Posted: 21 April,all,SplashingMANGO,Superb! Telltale did it again but this time with the greatest superhero of all:BATMAN!!!
,Recommended,498240,27788121,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sir Dickbutt,Poorly optimized
,Recommended,498240,31266257,Posted: 20 April,all,bidbid3,"Batman and bruce, where can you go wrong?If you are a batman fan chances are you will LOVE this game. I found the themes and style more that of wolf among us rather than walking dead which imo is great (as I got bored of walking dead after season 2 even though I am a huge walking dead fan).This game has a great storytelling flow throughout it and you get to make important decisions as Batman and Bruce. The story was good, No son of batman, but good. The game is fast passed which keeps you interested in it very easily, rather than dragging on pointless things. I brought this game and didnt stop playing it until I finished it, abosolutely loved it. Its tied for favorite tell tale game.Personal rating: 9/10Plus Catwoman is a babe in this so where is the loss???"
,Recommended,498240,31319385,Posted: 23 April,all,Six,"I was entertained for 16 hours....I could run through it again, I can't see that it will give more that 16 hours but those were a good 16 hours.Worth the money in my books."
76561198122569368,Recommended,498240,24700618,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,DinoMight,love this
76561198137428988,Recommended,498240,32301946,Posted: 9 June,all,baristadice,"Great game, seems to work better under Win 10 than Win 8 on my computers. Good story, action, and puzzle mix. My major complaint is I preorded this as they said Windows and Mac compatible, when it arrived only Windows. So am running it on a VM Fusion partion on my Mac."
,Recommended,498240,24679875,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,N1ghtStr1ke44,"A great game, although I pre-ordered it and had to endure lots of problems before patches were released.Story-wise, it's pretty solid. I won't spoil anything, but I guarantee that if you're a batman fan, you will love the additions that Telltale has put into each individual characters and backstories.The gameplay was nice, classic telltale-style storytelling packed with lots of action scenes and quicktime events.Overall, I give this game a 8.5 out of 10, because honestly I would've loved some more of the Joker in this game, maybe in Batman 2?"
76561198007905842,Recommended,498240,32354465,Posted: 11 June,all,GoldenGopherRunsWildonYou,Ggood
,Recommended,498240,32230094,Posted: 6 June,all,Yoshi,"I think this one is underrated compared to The Walking Dead seasons.  Its take on various characters is unique enough to set itself apart.  That includes the Batman/Bruce Wayne ratio that many reviewers didn't seem to appreciate as much as I did.  I tried to role play Bruce instead of making the choices that I would personally make, which I think made it more immersive.  Here's hoping E3 will bring a sequel announcement."
,Recommended,498240,32773675,Posted: 25 June,all,cricket,"This is my first telltale game as I wasn't never that interested in them before, but I am a huge Batman fan. I struggled with a major piece of this storeline however, I don't want to give spoilers in this review. I did manage to get over it and decided this is just another view on the Batman story line and that I could be open minded. The Catwoman in this game is wonderful. I truly enjoyed this telltale series and will probably check out other ones that interest me. The game did have some odd frame rate issues, but they did not really seem to matter game play wise. If you're a Batman fan, I would say give this a try, you might hate it or you might love it. Truthfully the story kept me wanting more, I wanted another episode!"
76561197973546950,Recommended,498240,32779794,Posted: 25 June,all,OCC,"It is a quite fun adventure showing Batman as a detective well. Combat scenes are QTE, which is OK, not great. Stry is intriguing. More on rails than most Teltale games."
76561197997223743,Recommended,498240,32791186,Posted: 25 June,all,Garodor,"My first Telltale game.The lore and theme are very good implemented and interesting to play. Also the base plot is original and interesting, but there are a lot of problems with this game.Decisions made sometimes don't get recognized or in worse situations will be represented by a decision you didn't pick.This is a pretty annoying point in a game that focuses on your decisions(and doesn't offer much more gameplay wise) and then doesn't recognize or recognizes them in a false way (e.g. Vicky Vale and Montoya situation)The game seems to have some serious problems if it comes to writing and different outcomes of story situation... there are often times no meaningful changes to the plot and many problems, due to too many loose endings, get resolved in just one episode.For a story driven game this is not acceptable in my opinion (because this kind of game is relying only on story and decision making and has nothing else to offer gameplaywise) and I'm pretty disappointed about this first contact with a telltale ""story"" game.But I have to say the Batman theme is strong with this one and the overall plot tense, so this game appeals to me and fits this style of game a lot more  than themes like Walking Dead, Minecraft or Wolf among us"
,Recommended,498240,32825915,Posted: 26 June,all,Ocey | BETS.gg,"The game is awsome! It's fun not laggy, it's a long story so you can play this for a while!"
76561198107256701,Recommended,498240,32833496,Posted: 26 June,all,shrekismike06,"i have always loved the style of game play and animation and this game doesnt let you down, telltale has done a wonderful job yet again."
76561198027930990,Recommended,498240,32986714,Posted: 29 June,all,UdaLung,"Ultimately, it's always fun to play Batman and I'm giving the game a positive review. You can finish it in under 10 hours. I wish it had been a bit longer. I won't give anything away, but I'm not sure if some of the plot coincides with established Batman lore. I found the keyboard mashing to be a bit TOO FORGIVING. Plenty of times, I know I was late in hitting the correct key or hit the wrong key entirely, but the game seemed to forgive me and let me progress. Recommended, but there are definitely better Batman games out there"
,Not Recommended,498240,33007075,Posted: 29 June,all,Wondergiirl,"I am extremely disappointed by this game. I am a huge fan of TellTale due to the stories that they tell and I love the interaction within their games. However, I bought this game now that I have time this summer to play something on Steam. Everything went smoothly until I started playing episode one. The frames began to drop like crazy, the voice overs didn't match with any character's mouths...it was a freakin' mess! I spent forty minutes trying to adjust the graphics available in-game then, I updated my graphics card -- needless to say, nothing worked. I was stuck with a lagging mouse and slow gameplay. This game is NOT PLAYABLE! I am truly getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥writing this review because this game has nearly been out a year and yet these issues still exist!! None of the other TellTale games have done this to me on this computer. You have two options, you can purchase this game and see if it works for you; you might be lucky but, you likely won't OR watch a Let's Play on YouTube. Trust me, it's not worth the headache trying to make this work on your PC.As for the story that is told, I very much LOVED the story. It isn't as good as The Walking Dead Season 1, Tales From the Borderlands, and the Wolf Among Us. I would say that I would watch this game again. I liked the liberties taken and the options given. I especially loved that you can choose between being Bruce Wayne or Batman when dealing with certain situations. Now, if you're a comicbook fan of Batman and not familiar with TellTale,  you might have some criticisms but, as a comicbook fan you should be open to different versions/interpretations of characters. If you can't handle that, then go play the Arkham games.The gameplay I've watched is the same janky, awkward TellTale engine that at times doesn't work in this game. You would think that with this property, there would be a higher budget and the quality would of been BETTER than their previous games. But, it's honestly a disappointment. I was facepalming when Bruce Wayne would literally clip through doors.  However, what surprised me was the action. I was scared it would of been weak but, it's actually quite a highlight in this game.Overall, I was just disappointed in this game. I was so pumped and I couldn't even play the first episode! I expected better. TellTale blew it; they failed their own fans and scared off potential fans who liked Batman and wanted to give this game a try. What a shame.TLDR: This game is broken. Story is good. Controls are horrid. Disappointment to TellTale fans and those who wanted an interactive Batman experience. Play the Arkham games for a true Batman experience. Skip this."
76561198018158307,Recommended,498240,33071156,Posted: 30 June,all,Recycle_Bin28,"Awesome, gripping story.Those clue linking scenes were annoying though."
,Recommended,498240,33684609,Posted: 20 July,all,Jabroni Joe,"This is an absolutely wonderful game. The only things wrong with it are minor graphical errors such as unsynced or unmoving lips while characters are speaking and some lines which were used during development to angle props (graphing and such). I'd recommend this game to whoever loves a strong story based game, especially focused around such an iconic character such as Bruce Wayne and his alter-ego of Batman."
76561197984581104,Recommended,498240,33691503,Posted: 21 July,all,Chi (AKA Unico),Great story! Great everything! I can't find anything I dislike about this game :D
76561198169468746,Recommended,498240,33625683,Posted: 18 July,all,Amza_Zaldover791,Loved this game. 5 stars. The game i can play all day all night without stopping! love it.
,Recommended,498240,33637284,Posted: 18 July,all,Jason Voorhees™,"I enjoyed this telltale game, i see nothing wrong with it, except 2 things:For 1, too much of the game (at least for me) is taken up as playing Bruce Wayne. I get it's for story purposes, but this game isn't called ""Wayne: The Telltale Series!""For 2, it's the fact that if you complete a chapter of a episode, but as of that moment are unconnected to the internet, it doesn't save the achievement. I could care less if this happened to me early in the episode, but it happened to me at the last chapter. If you're not a hardcore completionist like me, there's no way in hell i'll replay a whole episode, at least until im finished my current playthrough."
76561198009440984,Recommended,498240,33640500,Posted: 18 July,all,Luco1,This was really my first play of any Telltale game. I wasn't sure what to expect but heard good things. I have to saw it's exceptionally good. Being a fan of games that let you make choices this is exceptional. It p[lays almost like a movie. Great story too and the Batman theme really makes it stand out.Highly Recommend!
76561198376413069,Recommended,498240,33560481,Posted: 15 July,all,SelinaQuinn,really enjoying the game. Different to the typical storyline but that makes it interesting. The odd glitch in chapter 3 for me but other than that a beautiful story to play and watch
,Recommended,498240,33580753,Posted: 16 July,all,Brainsyck,Great and interesting story with plot twists packed with action. Great choice and a must buy on sale.
,Recommended,498240,33493385,Posted: 12 July,all,Nathan 232,amazing
,Not Recommended,498240,33528468,Posted: 13 July,all,Realityhack,"Batman - The QTEmisAdventureWhile I've generally enjoyed the majority of Telltale's games, Batman, unfortunately, falls far short of the typical quality they produce. Here are some of the bigger issues:TechnicalGlitchy graphicsFrame skippingAudio stutteringBuggy controller supportDesignJanky animationsWeak storyUnskippable recaps (not a deal-breaker, but still kind of annoying)I didn't mind that they took quite a few liberties with the Batman universe, but aside from a slight pickup in Episode 2, the following three episodes really drag, culminating in a pretty bland finale. Overall, this series feels rushed and broken. If you're looking for a comic inspired Telltale game, go with the excellentThe Wolf Among Usinstead."
,Recommended,498240,33530616,Posted: 14 July,all,jamlive,"A very unique take on the Batman series.I am a big Batman fan, comics, games, haven't seen recent movies or cartoons.I've consumed a lot of Batman.  Stuff tends to reappear in a lot in comics, filled with familiar tropes.This was not the case here, the story is fresh, original, and interesting.  At first the Telltale take on the series seems jarring however I was quickly inticed as mystery began.  It has the feels and flow of Detective Comics and plenty I have never seen in a Batman story, but always wanted to see.This will be a memorable chapter in the Batman legacy for the characterization of the cast.CATWOMAN SEX SCENE"
76561198044080723,Recommended,498240,33593324,Posted: 16 July,all,AimedSlayer,"I actually went into this game not much of a batman fan and came out wanting more, good game in my opinion :)"
76561197989240570,Recommended,498240,33467172,Posted: 11 July,all,Sir Charles G Williams,This is not the strongest TellTale game but still nice and enjoyable. The story goes really well up to the end of episode 4. After that it goes down a bit but still nice game.I got it got £7 when in sale and I suggest not spending more than that or £10 tops.
,Recommended,498240,33503158,Posted: 13 July,all,Legit wanker,The game is great but people give it negative reviews because it keeps crashing on their rigs and they can't play it.
76561198036144400,Recommended,498240,24846149,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,MotleyCrueFan #67,"One of the best Telltale games. The story kept me interested throughout all 5 episodes, it had some nice plot twists, and in general I just enjoyed the characters and choices."
,Not Recommended,498240,33731895,Posted: 22 July,all,Alucard (アーカード),"I'm a huge fan of Batman and was excited to play this Batman - The Telltale Series.. Sadly, the game is poorly optimized for PC. My rig is far more powerful than a PS4 and yet the game has huge frame drops and sometimes simply locks up completely. I've tried adjusting various graphical settings with no luck. As for the story... well, let's just say it's no Batman the Animated series. I feel like the actor who voices Batman/Bruce Wayne just doesn't feel like the guy who would be Batman. He sounds more like Nolan North as Bruce Wayne. That being said, there are many different interpretations of Batman. I'm also not a fan of Cobblepot's new look and persona. With all the performance problems and some of the decisions Telltale made with the story, I can't really recommend this one... not even to the hardcore Batman fans out there."
,Recommended,498240,33712799,Posted: 21 July,all,Xphile,I'm a huge fan of Telltale Games and this one was great. It was everything I was hoping for and I look forward to the next Batman game they make
,Recommended,498240,33765322,Posted: 24 July,all,My bad,"Trailer spoils the game lolPlot hole in a detective puzzle that's supposed to show us how smart Bruce Wayne is, some inconsistencies in writing, unjustified performance issues at times, but overall an interesting take on Batman."
,Recommended,498240,33900602,Posted: 30 July,all,Spectre,"Great Games my batman/bruce was compassionate you will know what I am talking about if you played. All and all very indepth story if you like tell tale games like I do I recommend all of them, they are great!"
,Recommended,498240,33876648,Posted: 29 July,all,SpazzCop,Great game overall with amazing story and characters. Recommend it to all Batman fans. HOWEVER after replaying the last episode I encountered a glitch we're all my choises disappeared! It's now telling me that I've not played the game at all. Which sucks.
,Recommended,498240,33869931,Posted: 28 July,all,iInsanityx09,"An excellent game, and very interesting lore choices for this new world of batman. The villains are intelligent and fleshed out, and the relationships you build as both Bruce Wayne, AND Batman leave for a very immersive experience into the world of Gotham City."
76561198027728858,Recommended,498240,33801625,Posted: 25 July,all,TheGrogeMan,"This is my 1st touch on the Telltale series. I wasn't sure if i would like their style. But as a Batman fan, I wanted to try this one out. It was pretty awesome. It's like watching a movie that you can interact and change a bit with your decisions. All I have to do was choose what to say and in battle do quicktime events. It has some bugs in it and I had few ctd:s but I didn't really mind.If you want ""movielike"" game where you decisions matter then Telltale games are for youIf you like Batman you like this gameIf you hate quicktime events then this is not for youIf you dont like ""borderlands style"" then this is not for you"
,Recommended,498240,33842659,Posted: 27 July,all,sugilite,"It is difficult for me to give a full thumb up for this one.I love Batman, he is the first super hero I liked since childhood so anything starring him, I will probably like.Yet, the game is far from perfect. After hearing so many good critiques about their Walking Dead games, and The Wolf Among Us, I had no doubt this one would be good. But is has some flaws which may annoy -and it does when looking at some reviews- some people.Among the things that annoyed me, the main one is that your choices almost don't matter at all in the long run. Most scenes and dialogues are the same no matter what, and sometimes they simply don't make any sense considering the choices you made.Aside from that, it is not a bad game if you like Batman. The characters are nicely written and voiced, there are some cool ideas and globally, the story is great.I think, if I remember right, that the first chapter is free, so give it a try and get your own idea."
,Recommended,498240,33854118,Posted: 28 July,all,Jarocket,Story was nicely told. You can make Bruce Wayne be Batman's mask.Very short. One of the shortest Telltale titles i've played(8 hours) other than the Michonne walking dead game.6/10. Buy it on sale.
76561198089873154,Recommended,498240,33846379,Posted: 27 July,all,Lethargic Koala,"Interesting Spin on the Batman Mythos. Very enjoyable. I can never really decided if Telltale games are worth their price as, generally, the episodes are fairly short. Still a great game though."
76561198076720369,Not Recommended,498240,28445068,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,n0cn1l,"A lot of performance issues, the game crashes all the time."
,Recommended,498240,33780827,Posted: 24 July,all,Montevidead,Recommended
76561198024661927,Recommended,498240,33918235,Posted: 30 July,all,Rubezahl,"Gotta say I loved this story.  Not really much of a game, so much as a choose your own adventure... but now I gotta play it again to see what you can change!"
76561198090933083,Recommended,498240,33915120,Posted: 30 July,all,The Headless Horsemelon,"Great game, one of the best tell tale games ive ever played"
,Recommended,498240,33962663,Posted: 1 August,all,bruce.wayne,waiting for Season 2!!!
76561198158275117,Recommended,498240,33962386,Posted: 1 August,all,INFINITY,"Ok look, I am a big fan of games by telltale and other games like it. I have been a big fan of The Walking Dead, The Tales of the Borderlands, Game of Thrones, etc. Those games did it really well for me. Batman on the other hand I don't know. I've seen the movies, I've read the comics, so what does this do for me? Well first off The Penguin is now Bruce's childhood friend and rather than being a short fat guy as he has been portrayed in movies, comics, games, etc. he is slim tall and around the same age as Bruce. Quite different, and out of no where for me.One thing that stands out in this game is that you can choose if you want to try to solve a problem as Bruce Wayne or Batman. Both choices have their pros and cons as expected. As Batman you have the choice to act as the hero or to become the one who evryone will fear. The ""bad"" Batman is when you take things to far and be more lethal or mean. The hero Batman simply does more detective work and respects the law.When it comes to the fighting sequences before each fight Batman plans out what he is goingto do when he attacks. For example wether to smash a guy into a table or into a wall. You make your choices and after you made them all you simply just watch it happen and do the quicktime events as telltale games do. If you do them all perfectly then you get this special final blow attack that looks ""cool"" I guess.Overall if you like Telltale and Batman then go ahead and get the game. Although don't expect the same Batman stories you would expect.P.S. Of cource this game shoves Bruce's parents death into your face throughout the game."
76561198157329578,Recommended,498240,34360913,Posted: 19 August,all,SquirrelMan7,U know how rocksteady said be the batman. Did u ever really feel like that? Yeah me neither.
76561198228005792,Recommended,498240,34446996,Posted: 23 August,all,Jdgower,"The game was very good overall, choices were very hard to make due to the way the story developed!However, in episode 1 and so on, I found a few bugs which were very annoying. One of which were Alfred's hair flying off of his head. The other was when Bruce Wayne's Neck kept on twisting which made him looked very deformed!I would give this game an 6/10- As I said, the story was rich in the way it developed, but the bugs were way more frequent than I expected."
76561198253802562,Recommended,498240,34441118,Posted: 23 August,all,Vladimir Lenin,awesome game
,Recommended,498240,24674468,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Tiny Heiny,"It's still pretty buggy, but the story and gameplay is worth it."
76561198061954400,Not Recommended,498240,34137835,Posted: 9 August,all,Chazzzo,"The game's been out for over a year, but is still performing very poorly.I had black lines appear in front of Bruce's mouth and nose, and Alfred's hair and eyes were floating aroung his face. Performance is poor at best, constantly stuttering framerate and lag on scene changes.Running on a 7970 w/ up to date drivers. Have uninstalled & reinstalled the game, verified the integrity of the game files, and searched for solutions on the internet and on Telltale's webiste. Still no difference. Even the title screen is bugged and laggy.After this amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I'd usually get a refund, but the game was apparently idling in the background for three hours without appearing on my task bar. I only realised this after I tried to boot up another game and Steam told me I already had one running. Only found out that it was running through task manager.This game performs worse on Medium settings than Witcher 3 does on Ultra. I'm very sad to have to give such a negative review as I am a long time fan of Telltale and have been looking forward to buying this and The Enemy Within, but this really is inexcusable."
76561198140713399,Recommended,498240,34139377,Posted: 9 August,all,Nightingale,"I loved this. The only glitch I've experienced 'til now (only played Episode 1) it's that sometimes Bruce ""teleports"". In a scene where he is speaking to *someone*on a bridge, the camera was ok for a while. Then, after it changed to Bruce, he was near the Cafe Triste standing still. Something similar happened right at the beginning where he's talking to his guests.I hope they can fix this and that won't happen anymore.Apart from that, only love for Batman and Telltalegames.EDIT: I went to continue playing the game from episode 2. Found out all my data saves were deleted and now I'm supposed to play Episode 1 again. Thanks, really. Until these things are solved, I'm gonna mark this as ""Not Recommended"".EDIT2: To solve this, go to Documents. There are two folders. For some reason, the game won't detect personal saves (inside folder 1) so, simply copy them from the first folder (""Batman"") to the second one (""Batman The Telltale Series"")."
76561198260242097,Recommended,498240,34142413,Posted: 10 August,all,Lt. John,Love this game it does have its bugs but i am a fan of telltale and batman and would recommend getting both seasons
,Recommended,498240,24699739,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dig Bick,AWESOME. Broken release but they patched it (for the most part) and it's an amazing game.
,Recommended,498240,34119139,Posted: 8 August,all,Yobi,Worth every penny
76561198201484127,Recommended,498240,34139695,Posted: 9 August,all,John CreamyMemes,All glitches aside Batman The Telltale Series was a great game with a really good story. Coming from someone who never really cared for batman this game has peaked my interest in everything batman.
,Not Recommended,498240,34148670,Posted: 10 August,all,Abrobribra,"Audio is awful, volume keeps jumping up and down and sometimes entire bits of conversations are missing.Asked for a refound."
,Recommended,498240,34143643,Posted: 10 August,all,CipherHawk,"I know this game has been reviewed at length already, so I'm just giving a few initial impressions (only played through episode one so far):Insofar as gameplay it's fairly basic, after all this is a telltale game, so it breaks down to performing certain actions when the user is prompted. There are some puzzle like elements such as investigations, as well as some very simple tactical planning for engaging your targets, but that is about it, but this is what it is meant to be as it is more of a dynamic narrative tale.I think the story (so far) is actually great; I know it differs from the regular Batman lore, but I honestly enjoyed this alternate take on Batman; and it's where the game truthfully shines for me. I won't spoil anything, but I will say it's dramatic, well acted, and keeps the player engaged.I found the graphical elements pleasing, and well suited to the story.I do recommend this game to anyone interested in this type of story driven action adventure, but especially to those who are fans of the Telltale stories in general."
76561198169733950,Recommended,498240,34064661,Posted: 6 August,all,F Two Fiddy,"Awesome game! I am running a GTX1080 and some scenes were laggy and frozen and some black lines showed up on some parts, that was the ONLY downfall to me. Other than that it was great! Patiently waiting for the next one to come out in two days. Had a pretty good story for my first play through!"
,Not Recommended,498240,34000928,Posted: 3 August,all,Acalson,This is not Batman - The Telltale Series.This is Bruce Wayne - The Pretend your choices matter.Unlike other Tell tale games your choices make little to NO impact on the end game. Aswell as the fact you play as Bruce Wayne for 3/4 of the game which is fine if they advertized it. I was hoping for a telltale game where im The batman kicking♥♥♥♥♥making choices like the worlds greatest detective. Not Bruce Wayne playing dress up every so often
76561198094711824,Recommended,498240,34021738,Posted: 4 August,all,JamFive,"As a big Batman fan i really enjoyed this one. You can't go wrong with Telltale type of games, it's more like reading a book or watching a movie than playing a game. Thrilling and gripping from start to finish. Doesn't take long to finish so might be worth waiting for a Steam Sale, apart from that i can't really pick much fault with it. Does what it says on the tin.Alfred is a badass."
,Recommended,498240,34001879,Posted: 3 August,all,Mr. Player Six,You're the Batman.
76561198264059007,Recommended,498240,33982068,Posted: 2 August,all,pyr0,10/10
76561198194942290,Recommended,498240,34008783,Posted: 3 August,all,teppic,"I've never played a TellTale game before, and so far I've only made it through two episodes of this one. I waited awhile to play it since there were so many complaints about performance; I wanted to give the devs enough time to work out the kinks.I have to say, I'm hooked. There are definitely some noticeable glitches and oddities (one scene in particular Bruce had his head on backwards while talking to someone, which was pretty funny), but for me personally, nothing that really interfered with the game. I have the settings maxed out and apart from some hitches here and there, the game runs fine. I have a decent computer, so perhaps that makes a difference.This isn't so much a Batman game as it is a Bruce Wayne game. Most tellings of his story focus heavily on the Bat, but in this game you are navigating politics and dealing with people with your wits, which is an interesting and fun challenge. The voice-acting is very well-done, and the game is just, honestly, quite tense. Although I don't regret any of my choices so far, I'm very curious how things would have played out had I made different decisions.The tough thing is it's difficult to call this a game. It's quick-time events and dialogue choices. That said, for what it is, I think they do a good job. You have limited time to make any of your choices, which adds an overarching tension to everything. The Batman scenes, although well done, are only about as good as quick-time scenes can be, but they're still enjoyable enough. However the Bruce Wayne scenes steal the show. The story so far is well-written and enjoyable. Although there have been so many versions of the Batman story told, this doesn't feel like the same-old-same-old.I would recommend this with the caveat that this is NOT a typical Batman game, and feels very very different from the ones in recent years where you run around playing as Batman. This is a story, plain and simple. If you enjoy well-told, tense stories, and don't have a potato-computer, pick this up."
,Recommended,498240,34008491,Posted: 3 August,all,Shaladain,Telltale makes Batman playable. This was a new take on a tired series.
,Recommended,498240,34060400,Posted: 6 August,all,zutru,"Great game for everyone who likes a good story.Although the game is maybe a bit slow paced, it still has an awesome story and (almost) everything you do has an impact on the future of your story. There are a lot of unexpected turns which make it even more interesting.The gameplay itself might not be interesting enough for everyone however if you are more focused on the story, you're really going to like this game.However, there are sometimes some performance issues.Overall, a rellay good game with a great story.(I'm looking forward to the next season of Batman - The enemy within)"
,Recommended,498240,34153430,Posted: 10 August,all,^1MaZ_TeR_,"Seems like a lot of people are having a ton of issues with this game. I'm on Episode 3 and so far the only issues I've encountered are few stutters and loading issues caused from ""lack of high end PC"", aside from few sloppy rigging and skinning issues here and there that are present for 2 seconds.If you liked the other Telltale games, you'll like this one. If you like Batman, this is definetly for you. It's not the same as the Arkham franchise though, far from it. The Arkham series played Batman as an almost immortal superhero that the criminals fear of In this game, he's a mortal man underneath the suit of armor, struggling to go on. Well, I think that's precisely the point of these both games.I got the game for 5.75€ but I wouldn't really pay 20 bucks for this. Pick the game up once it's for sale."
,Recommended,498240,34223451,Posted: 13 August,all,Almightrex,"Bought on sale and thoroughly enjoyed my first play through. It could be a smoother experience but I was lucky enough that the only technical issue I encountered (6gb gtx 1060, 4670k, 8gb ram) was plentiful stuttering between scenes, no catastrophic problems like some have mentioned in other reviews. Annoying but not immersion breaking, although I was a little thrown by inconsistencies at some points with damage to the suit and that sort of thing. Overall, at just under a fiver it was great value for money, the story was engaging and different enough to catch me off guard a couple of times and I'm looking forward to having another go once amnesia has begun to set in. Easily 8/10."
,Not Recommended,498240,34222774,Posted: 13 August,all,Highsolic,"If your gonna play this just make sure you play all episodes in 1 day, if not then say bye bye to your save file and you will have to start everything all over again you would think a year after release it would be fixed but nope still the same glitchy mess. I got a refund"
,Recommended,498240,34186892,Posted: 12 August,all,Reguire,"Large updates and no play makes Reguire a dull boy.edit: Changing this to ""recommended"" because after you get past the incompetently large updates and the good old engine, it's actually a good Telltale game. I didn't play a second playthrough but there are some choices where you can choose if you want to don the cape or just be Bruce."
76561198149913295,Recommended,498240,34337467,Posted: 18 August,all,LuckyOtter,"It is a great interactive movie. It felt fluid and engaging. Each choice may not change the final outcome on the game but they do have good qualities. It may have some glitches here and there, which I had, but you can try to fix them like I did. All in all, this is a great game. 8.5/10"
76561198089209184,Recommended,498240,34386285,Posted: 20 August,all,Zoidberg,Telltale Games has never disappointed me they did a very great job with Batman can't wait to play the second season of Batman. The story line will keep you hooked there was no time where I was not pleased with any of the episodes.
76561198208630364,Recommended,498240,34386858,Posted: 20 August,all,Kaimana,"LOVE this game. I have played this game so much, I am afraid I am going to wear it out. I am just hoping there won't be anymore ""updates"". ;)"
76561198155529242,Recommended,498240,34354411,Posted: 19 August,all,enarmor,"There are lot of reviews out there that would recommend this game but have a lot of negative things to say and I feel like most are unbalanced, so I hope this is a bit more balanced.First, if you aren't familiar with the Telltale style this game is going to seem low quality, but let's be honest here. It's a $25 game for a reason! This was never ment to compete with the Arkham series, it was never designed to be a large game in that way. I finished it in 9 hours one day. Graphically it's not top quality, nor was it ment to be. If you're interested in this game, know what you're getting into! This is a game about characters and choices.  Some reviews are going to tell you there are no real consequences for your choices and that isn't true because the consequences come from how the people around you percieve you. If that isn't enough for you this isn't the game for you, and that's ok! But please don't come into this game expecting something it was never ment to be. This game is designed to make you feel like Batman/Bruce Wayne while at the same time delievering a story and consistent game experience. Things do change as you make choices, and yes, most of those changes come from the characters not the story arc, so be aware.Overall, most people will likely play it once through unless they want to see alternative choices or want to correct a ""mistake"", but remember, for the price point and the way it was designed, 30 bucks for a 9 hour fun experience isn't to bad in my book. There are bowling alley's that charge more."
,Recommended,498240,34356873,Posted: 19 August,all,Dreavous,"Definitely a game for any Batman fan out there. A pretty good story with several villians showing up before they're actually villians. It does sometimes feel like you're being lead by the nose through the plot (i.e. Batman doesn't really figure it out more just lands in the middle of it) but with the action sequences you get to be a part of I felt it was balanced out.But seriously that deux ex machina with Dent, come on.Compared to other Telltale games there's less walking around and investigating your environment but you do get to piece together things at crime scenes which was a fun little puzzle. And, since it is Batman, it can feel like you have to pick certain actions over others since he is his own character rather than an original character.All and all, a good buy for Batman fans and a fun story to play through."
76561197987982145,Recommended,498240,34328381,Posted: 18 August,all,badkrma,"Like.... BatmanDislike...Seems buggy when it comes to video, it has a jerky, broken continuity to it.. I didn't find this with The Wolf Among Us (only other one I own)"
76561198072979832,Recommended,498240,34427794,Posted: 22 August,all,Izen,"If you manage to ignore the technical problems of the game, its one of the best telltale games!For me its up to Tales from the Borderlands, Walking Dead season 1 and wolf among us!Can wait to play season 2!"
76561198085544966,Recommended,498240,34422670,Posted: 22 August,all,DoitRight,"It's worth to grab if it is on sale. Even if you haven't played a Telltale game before or don't enjoy them much, it's still an enjoyable ride movie wise. The gameplay could be a bit harder and a bit more complex than it is. Never the less the story is done real good, lots of choices to think over and last of all, it's a pretty good batman game."
76561198337503770,Recommended,498240,34437971,Posted: 23 August,all,MiX7,"A decent Telltale game, good story and fluid combat"
,Recommended,498240,34419946,Posted: 22 August,all,"I'm ""No One""","Really love this game. The story is very good and feel enjoy with action quick time event, it makes me feel like I'm Batman."
76561198017701618,Recommended,498240,33936927,Posted: 31 July,all,Boostman,"As with all telltale games, It's just a wonderful engrossing story from start to finish. Made only better if your a fan of batman. Great new take on the Wayne's story that made me care far more than I ever thought I could."
,Recommended,498240,33942389,Posted: 31 July,all,Ninjadude122,"As Batman game, I would say this was pretty good, the story got me involved there was a lot of character development and I really felt like I was playing the role of play boy billionare Bruce Wayne, and Gotham's vigilante... Batman. However, as a Telltale Game, this wasn't one of their best they have every made. Most of the issues I had were very minor:Visual Bugs - For as good of a game this is, I feel like this game has one to many visual bugs that I saw throughout the game. Now I know that could've just been the computer I was using to play this game, but when you see not only random black lines cutting across the screen, pink ""missing image"" blotches, and some minor skips between scenes, you begin to question if it's really your hardware, or the game itself.Episode Length - Episode one was a good as an introduction to the story and setting a scene for what is to come in this game, but I felt like they dragged it on for way to long. However Episode 2 went by in the blink of an eye. After that however the Episodes went by in a decent timeframe.Overall I had a lot of fun with this game, even if I had some minor problems with it. Just because the game has some issues that could be easily fixed doesn't mean it was a bad game by any standards. If I had to give this game a rating, I would rate it a 7.5 or 8 out of 10, because the game itself was really good, but it could've used a bit more ironing out.TLDR: 8/10 game, really good story, visual bugs and episode 1 and 2 length could've used some work."
,Recommended,498240,33951594,Posted: 1 August,all,EagleEye007,"This game takes two of my favourite things in Batman and Telltale and combines them into one enjoyable game. If you've played any of the other Telltale games you already know the gist of gameplay; you're basically playing a choose your own adventure game. The real genius of this title is the writers take a lot of liberties with established Batman characters and mythos to create a universe that's entirely their own. And as a result it's quite a lot of fun to see these original feeling characters in action. Without going into spoilers, there's at least 3 changes in the writing of characters and backstory I thoroughly enjoyed and countless others that made it fun as the episodes progressed to just see what sort of changes from established stories were in store for me.If you're a fan of Batman, Telltale, or just looking for a well put together game with a heavy story focus and excellent voice acting, pick this up. WIth the new season coming out soon, it seems like a pretty good time."
,Recommended,498240,33974075,Posted: 2 August,all,Sir Vip Avernus HD,"Best Telltale game for me, so far."
,Not Recommended,498240,34138328,Posted: 9 August,all,kimbo_butters,"I just complete Batman: The Telltale Series, and I do have a though or two about the game.  Let us start with the strongest part of the game, and that would be the story for the game. The way that Telltale handled this story was a surprising and new take on the traditional story that we all came to love.  I played this game the way that it should be played, all at once, so when one surprise came I did not have to wait to see how it unfolded.  However, I experienced some major technical issues during my session.  The two major pillars where this game fell short of being a great game was gameplay mechanic, and camera bugs.  The first, gameplay mechanics, felt like they were not being responsive to a few quick time events.  (All combat is QTE) The second is hard to explain, so I uploaded a video of to help showcase what I encountered.  (WARNING: SPOILERS!)  To best describe it, in each episode there were points where the camera focused on something that was entirely out of frame, and made my time with the game frustrating.   (Check out my yourtube channel for the video)"
,Recommended,498240,34176924,Posted: 11 August,all,Dewgy,Yup
76561198055216336,Recommended,498240,34179206,Posted: 11 August,all,nog168,"I've been a Bat-Man fan since I was a kid. I've played the Rockstar games to death, even played the NES, SNES and Gameboy versions of the Dark Knight, and I have to say that this is probably one of the better iterations of Bat-Man. By and far the story is engrossing; I love the way it's played out thus far and I've also enjoyed how your choices really do matter throughout the game. Now for some bad aspects. The game itself does suffer from bugs, some are minor and you can overlook easily (Face distortions at one point that are quick before it moves to a new angle and it's fine) then there are others, like the game itself skipping and the dialogue being choppy and not lip-synched. Overall though it's a 9/10 kind of game."
,Recommended,498240,34204618,Posted: 12 August,all,charliezard,"I liked it and it worked on my PC, i5 4460 r9 380 *shrug*"
,Recommended,498240,31544446,Posted: 4 May,all,Kondorr,"Batman The Telltale Series– A nice curiosity among Batman games, but not really a must haveEpisode 1Aside from a few graphical errors or oddities, one crash to desktop and one rather boring fund raiser, this was truly telltale at their best. The story took one really interesting turn I did not anticipate although I have spent way to much cash on the comics books, the detective work actually resembled detective work, so that is a great plus on telltale side, even when in the end it still was very trivial. Aside from Gordon and Dent I liked the character models. It might not been perfect, but it still was one very good game adaptation of the Batman.8/10Episode 2Things are heating up fast and in true Telltale style the second episode takes the foundation that was the first one and builds up on it. I like how they take their liberties with what most Batman fans know and I wonder how different I would have chosen if I did not know the character arcs from movies or comics. Some choices, although obvious, still were pretty hard. I also like how I can be a nicer billionaire than Bruce ever was.9/10Episode 3Although in the end I liked it, mostly the twist at the end did it, I thought that episode 3 was mostly very subpar or at most mediocre. We retreated some story points I knew very well from the Nolan movies, which in the end mad this the weakest chapter up until this point. But there was enough to like about it, so I still can with good conscience recommend it to TellTale fans.7/10Episode 4I am not a fan of this Harvey, the game did not really sell me on how he could convince Bruce to be this savior of Gotham. There are other issues as well, but I think this episode was an overall improvement on the last one. The Arkham Asylum bit was also way underutilized.8/10Episode 5The finale was ok, but I really expected SOMETHING that would REALLY hook me. But as is I have to say that it was merely satisfactory.7/10OverallThis would be with Game of Thrones by Telltale my least favorite game of theirs. Not that it is bad, but the 3 times it crashed to desktop… considering how dated their engines looks, it should work as a charm, but the real gripe is , that Telltale did not manage to do anything significant with the license… The big choices boil down to plots and developments you know very well from other media, the character design are all very mediocre, there is none of that cool grit from the Arkham games, but the realism from Nolans movies does not shine through either. The music and the VO is standard TT quality.In the end, the game did not “do” it for me and at times I longed to finally start playing seriously Arkham Knight instead of this.That is why I would rate it an overall of7/10"
76561198324370896,Recommended,498240,34270314,Posted: 15 August,all,armandojuarez655,beat the game in a day. cool story and difficult options
,Recommended,498240,34300854,Posted: 16 August,all,Sorcerer43,"I first wanna start by saying, I think this game gets a bit of a bad rep.  Although Telltale does seem to never quit making these games, this one was clearly made out of passion.  The story was familiar yet new.  And although there were some changes to lore, none bothered me too much. In conclusion; I highly recommend Batman- The Telltale Series, and am very excited for Season 2.Final Score: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,498240,34280787,Posted: 16 August,all,pedophile,nice game
76561198092619070,Recommended,498240,34305469,Posted: 17 August,all,Serpensortya,"It had a few graphical problems when I first bought it, but they have now been fixed and its a great game, If you're a batman fan its a must have."
76561198048630742,Recommended,498240,34285311,Posted: 16 August,all,Darriken,On the whole; this was a good experience for seven bucks.It's another origin story; but with the twists they've thrown into the mix it feels fresh. I didn't find any of their changes to the Batman universe be particularily egregious. The weakest part of the story was the main antagonist.I encountered numerous stuttering issues and other minor graphics issues. On more than one occasion the games dialogue ignored the choices I had made prior. Nothing that was gamebreaking.I found Bruce to be uncannily similar looking to Sterling Archer.
,Recommended,498240,34285836,Posted: 16 August,all,Fongosaur,"*** I have not had any terrible slideshow problems some people have suffered **This game is the greatest reimaging of Batmans story and villians ever in video games. The game puts interesting twists on the relationship between Batman and his emenies, while at the same time doing the same for Bruce and his friends. A far better story than any of the Arkham games.Pros- Story!! Gets very good in the second chapter when things start to go off the rails- interesting character dynamics- Feels like choices matterCons- Graphical issues"
76561198191587137,Recommended,498240,34246006,Posted: 14 August,all,Tudiche,Very good game :)
,Recommended,498240,34245578,Posted: 14 August,all,Darthvegeta800,A brilliant Batman game with some tough choices to make.It recycles the Batman tropes in a necessary and delightful way while adding in a few shocking twists.For Batman fans and Telltale fans... a must!
,Recommended,498240,34265833,Posted: 15 August,all,DaViD oken,the best game that i played everbest story linebest telltale game the made nice workworiking greatenice combats scenceand best storyTHE BEST GAME THAT MADEGREAT JOB GUYS
76561198029038400,Not Recommended,498240,34268181,Posted: 15 August,all,The Indifferent Penguin,While I personally experinced a little stuttering (not a lot but it was still there) this chapter feels more like a prologue to an even better season coming.  Perhaps we have been spoiled with our recent batman movies and games (Akham Asylum and Arkham City) but I cannot recomend this game at full price.  At 75%-80% off it may be worth it if you intend to pick up the next season.
,Recommended,498240,34251818,Posted: 15 August,all,KingWeir,"Like previous Telltale games of late, in your fan then you'll enjoy this, so if you haven’t already go get.However that being said, I think Telltale starts to freshen up its formula.As its most recent outings, though they are the more recognised ones, due to there amazing stories are getting to the point where they are nothing more than interactive novels now.Ok, maybe the previous ones, the story wasn’t as good, though I would probably the say, its more of the stories weren’t bad, they just weren’t as visually engaging as these newer games. However, they where actual games, in the style of a point and click, unlike these latest offerings, are just QTE games, in fact most of the “gameplay” in this game is nothing more than QTE segments.And even that for the most part is just for show, though I never tried it, I did miss an odd QTE and for the most part, I didn’t effect the action one bit, only once did I die from a missed QTE and that was in the final boss fight and I was left thinking, why did I just die from that glancing hit, compared to all the other brutal battering my character as suffered throughout the game, in the actual story of the game?! All the QTE seems to do is build a finishing move at the end of the fight, but the fight would end anyway and would finishing move look any different if I hadn’t built up enough “Bat” power? Maybe something I might have to utube….Time I think for Telltale to put some more effort into its gameplay as well as its stories.Anyway, as for the story of this game, its good and I really enjoyed it, some moments catching me by surprise, however a complaint for all games like this, your given choices to pick but due to the limits of actual games these days, they don’t really effect the story of the game, the same things are going to happen, just certain elements are going to change.Still, the story is good but personally it seemed rushed at the end, it felt like the game really could have done with an Episode 6 or maybe I just think that as I was enjoy it so much I didn’t want it to end?….nah, yes I was but it does really feel like it would have benefited from part 6.Edit: Oh, one thing that I did forget to mention is that some of the cut scenes for the previously (and maybe on the next time..)  seem like they decided to just stick with single clip and ignore any choice you might have made, unless it was a bug.For example, one time I walked into the Batcave as Bruce Wayne, in the cut scene of the following episode, I was dressed as Batman. And I left Lucius at Wayne Enterprises but in a cut scene he was helping at the Bat Computer (I think that was in the clip for next time on...).So nothing game breaking but just a little bit of immersion breaking."
76561198071185629,Recommended,498240,34284271,Posted: 16 August,all,Demon202,"Despite some bugs here and there the game was phenomenal!Bugs:Telltale (as of August 2017) is still providing updates to the game which hopefully means that majority of the bugs can be fixed. Personally, I faced efficiency issues when it came to playing the game on full graphics and that is considering that my hardware is more than enough to handle any Telltale game on the highest settings but after a 9.1Gb update, that was more or less gone.Discussion about an issue:Some players complained about the issues with the story that the players were not getting enough Batman time compared to Bruce time which I personally did not feel at all. Batman was as heavily involved as Bruce was in the story. The stages of Bruce being the thinking stages while the stages of Batman being adrenalin rush filled quick time action events. Plus, the decision to go to places as Bruce or Batman was just the icing on the cake!"
76561198065243840,Recommended,498240,34315823,Posted: 17 August,all,TheCornerProphet,"As always, Telltale makes me smile. Played it through both goodguy and badguy styles and found the story to be decently different to make the second playthrough enjoyable.Had a few issues on the graphics side where scenes would play with incorrect video ( people would talk but would show another room etc)Will continue buying Telltale forever"
76561198245585014,Recommended,498240,34329409,Posted: 18 August,all,CoPtU,"I can say without doubt that this game will keep your curiosity hot as you will progress the story. It is actually funnt to be able to live as Batman. The fact that you're choice can make a huge difference is very nice. You are the Bat, you live as Bat and you will se sometimes very hard to decide between what is good and what is correct but after all i think you can end up as a winner."
,Recommended,498240,34324530,Posted: 18 August,all,Nachobot,If you like telltale and like the Batman it is a safe choice.8.5hour campaign like old telltale used to be.Great Troy Baker as Batman.More of a Bruce wayne than a Batman approach.Solid 8/100
76561198046697145,Recommended,498240,34725175,Posted: 3 September,all,Dusmi,"This game was amazing, better than I could have imagined."
76561198069776708,Recommended,498240,34820945,Posted: 8 September,all,Jato ☯,"If you're a Batman fan, this is a good game to pick up on sale"
76561197993971518,Recommended,498240,34850394,Posted: 9 September,all,J.Tarwin,Not as fun as A Wolf Among Us but still an interesting story.6.5 out of 10
76561198132391003,Not Recommended,498240,24687430,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,THE W.O.L.F.,i loved the first 2 episodes but after episode 3 they lost me.story :    good in episodes 1 kai 2 epic finale at episode 2 but at the middle of episode 3 you understund your descisions dont really matter and the game got ruined for me the rest of the episodes felt rushed  and forced.gameplay :     qte adn descisions that dont mattergraphics :     good graphics for telltale but poor optimization and a lot of bug4/10 led down
76561197994404157,Recommended,498240,34874169,Posted: 10 September,all,rosendovbig,great game must have batman fans
76561198150076485,Recommended,498240,34950585,Posted: 14 September,all,kraken beast of terror,it is a good game with a fun and intresting story.but there is a little bugs but other wise the game is good.
,Recommended,498240,34865906,Posted: 10 September,all,SMPX3,You play as the caped crusader aka batman. Honestly it's really well done. As a big batman fan I had a feeling I would know how the story would fall but it surprised me very much. I'd reccomend to other fans of batman and who want to learn about him as well.
,Not Recommended,498240,34894209,Posted: 11 September,all,stylson,"Unoptimized even a year after it was released. Massive framerate drops and glitches make the game not worth starting, let alone playing. You're honestly better off playing this on any other platform you have available to you. The PC version is garbage."
76561198256371824,Recommended,498240,34885586,Posted: 11 September,all,Jake Granger,A really good experience worth your time and money.
,Recommended,498240,34954799,Posted: 14 September,all,Dзмoи,"Despite my first thoughts about a telltale Batman game, it acctually turned out to be a really great game, with a very surprising storyline! I really like the fact that you can acctually be the batman that you want to be, but I am dissatisfied with the way they messed up Batman's universe.. Come on, Vicki Vale a supervillain and the Waynes one of the biggest Gotham's gangsters? I'm sure they could have come up with something more clever..Overall 8,5/10, would recommend for sure and looking forward to play The Enemy Within."
,Recommended,498240,34953043,Posted: 14 September,all,Super Vegito,"This is one of my top 3 telltale games. The story is great, i love how telltale created its own spin on the characters and their own version of the batman world. This is a breath of fresh air , because for example at first i went '' Oh god, not penguin again, this is the 3rd time ive beaten him in a batman game '' , but when i saw how they completely revamped the penguin both physically and mentally, he felt like a whole new villain , not the same one in every batman comic ,movie or game .Although your choices don't ''really matter '' like most telltale games , the illusion of choice in this game is a lot less visible , most choices actually have serious repercussions, not as much as they could've done because the major plot points stay the same, but im glad your choice of helping a character out over the other actually makes a differenceI see reviews of people saying they have technical issues, but i think its been fixed as i didnt experience any"
76561198132812456,Recommended,498240,34963571,Posted: 14 September,all,Captanegan,"Throws many curveballs in the Batman mythology that makes the game fun and sometimes silly, all the while being emotionally engaging."
,Not Recommended,498240,24714265,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,GamingLikeASir,"PLayed this game when it first came out and decied to leave the episode to build up, finally got around to playing through the remaining episodes and have found stuttering so bad it actually ruins the experience now. Small stutters here and there I can do but when it stutters and pauses for up to a second at a time then that just ridiculous. There has been a few graphic glitches like scenery not moving as expected and other minors issues too.Latest update to the game has introduced terrible stuttering and graphical glitches. It legit feels like an early release beta.Have tried all the fixes I could find on forums and reddit but nothing has been able to fix this.I'm running a 7700k, GTX 1080 rig so this really shouldn't be happening!"
76561198275630734,Recommended,498240,35005964,Posted: 16 September,all,DJSaxon,"I'd say it's a good inlet into Telltale Games. Intriguing, full of twists and constantly pulling you back for more. It does have faults (juttering cutscenes, e.g.) and for some, the change to the lore and character backgrounds will be a no-no, but if you are willing to look passed that, this is an incredibly well-done and bold Batman story."
76561198061772191,Recommended,498240,35039928,Posted: 17 September,all,Darryl,Outstanding story driven game.
,Recommended,498240,35019216,Posted: 17 September,all,Narhli,"so ive gotten to chapter 3 atm and my god this is boring, tad glitchy with the mouth and voice, well not so smooth sometimes my mouth doesnt even move while people are talking i found its about the time i push a choice, choices dont really have a impact not like twd 1, really dont like this whole ""link to"" stuff sometimes its abit tricky to click on it, combat is good story is abit blah not a fan of polatics specially in the batman universe, but ill power throu this as i have strong hope for the new one with the joker involved :) would i recommend this not at all if its linked to the new one then i suggest you put something on netflix and power on throu this like i am.update netflix went off on episode 4 and 5 story gets much better and my review changes to a positive but only on sale"
76561198142027823,Recommended,498240,35036897,Posted: 17 September,all,nicolasebrandon,"This is a really good game, I highly recommend it to all Batman fans."
,Recommended,498240,35016139,Posted: 16 September,all,Konna,"I didn't expect much, but is was SOOOO good. If you like Batman you will love this game. And it felt like the choices mattered more than in other Tell Tale games that I have played."
76561198005158563,Recommended,498240,35030786,Posted: 17 September,all,Nightwing,Great Story with a nice twist to the common Batman stories. I enjoyed it a lot and would recommend it to any Batman or Tell Tale Game RPG Fan!
,Recommended,498240,35030811,Posted: 17 September,all,☭☭_YoloMcSwagMuffins_☭☭,Finally started working after I watched the entire playthrough on youtube. (17/09/2017)
76561198124694343,Recommended,498240,35268584,Posted: 28 September,all,lance,I LIKE
,Recommended,498240,35272214,Posted: 28 September,all,Damnpo,"Ok.. lets get this part clear, NEVER gonna hold a candle to the walking dead, but damn did they improve on the systems.Overall i did enjoy just saying ""IM BATMAN"" and doing the most crazy of♥♥♥♥♥♥(sry alfred)."
,Recommended,498240,35283600,Posted: 28 September,all,hilian,"Eh. I didn't really like this game- failed to hold my interest and ran somewhat choppily on a GTA 1050ti. The music of a certain scene never stopped until I pressed Esc and entered the menu, sometimes leaving me with 3 dynamic songs on at the same time.All this aside, I enjoy TellTale Games and their other series', and this game is still very well made and tells a decent story- just wasn't my cup of tea. If you're a big fan of comics and DC and superheroes and whatnot I'm sure it'd be perfect for you. In no means a bad game however, which is why I'm giving it a thumbs up.Yeet."
,Recommended,498240,35333255,Posted: 30 September,all,Scanlan Shorthalt,Its exactly like I expected it. It is a classic Batman Story. It is a classic Telltale Game. It hasTravis Willinghamand Laura Bailey in it and also Troy Baker.
76561198043786698,Recommended,498240,35395953,Posted: 1 October,all,RatPhync,"Absolutely fantastic, off-beat story. Sure, it's mostly a railroad through it with choices offering some sideroads, but it's enough action to stay involved and did I mention the story? Really enjoyed it."
,Not Recommended,498240,34623950,Posted: 30 August,all,Alpacalypse,"running on i5, GTX 1070 Strix, 16 GB RAM, SSD installationit lags, stutters, freezes a lot like every 3 mins especially during a fight scene. shame, i really like the atmosphere, gameplay, intro and the plot seems really promising, but it's a technical clusterfu*k and I cant quite recommend it at this point. hope they fix this since I really look forward to playing this game."
,Not Recommended,498240,28465009,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,CertifiedGamer,"i've played this game, for the past 3 hours and enjoyed it, some framerate issues but fine. Then the next day, i tried to do something different, changing the resolution to 1920 x 1080, and that ♥♥♥♥ed the game so hard i'm still having problems now. So, i couldn't play Episode 3-5. So, my only response is wait for this to be fixed because this port is horridUpdate : I'm still trying to fix this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,498240,28789721,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,MayoNeesan,"The story itself is great. Although some parts are a little too far fetched though (The Bruce parts, not the batman parts)The gameplay itself is pretty bad. The usual telltale multiple choice option is the only positive thing about it to be honest.The sections ""next time"" and the ""in this chapter"" aren't skippable and last at least 5 min, which makes this game really time consuming and frustrating.Sometimes you only have to click just for the sake of it, instead of the game just automatically doing it for you.Not to mention it doesn't run smoothly between the different acts.You really don't wanna buy this game. Buy ""The Wolf Among Us"" instead.You only want to buy this game, if you only play 1 chapter now and then just to relax yourself, and can handle things (the bruce parts) being stupidly unrealistic."
,Recommended,498240,35468128,Posted: 4 October,all,EMU,"The game is something that you would expect from Telltale. It's emotional and well written with beautiful art style. Comparing to other Telltale title I've played, The Walking Dead, it's a bit less emotional and more action packed and all and all it's good and makes you wanna more and I'm exited for the enemy within. 8/10 because Batman."
76561198090865098,Recommended,498240,35488630,Posted: 5 October,all,ToucanTango,Would sleep with Cat Woman again. Could have been a lil more @ss though.:D 8.5/10
,Recommended,498240,35504885,Posted: 5 October,all,Jynxx,"This game is they best game from the batman game series. I bought this and Arkham orgins both i havent played.I completed this game and i am sad to see it go. I more then recommend this game to anyone a fan or new to the batman franchis, This game is more then amazing."
76561198049397690,Recommended,498240,35499775,Posted: 5 October,all,Benjamin[IL],Love the telltale games!
,Recommended,498240,35489823,Posted: 5 October,all,David0vić,"Everyone should know going into this game that none of your choices matter. Play it as a narrative experience because it is a good interactive batman story that is worth playing since it does a few things that puts at twist on the batman lore and formula. Telltale acting like your choices matter is a complete joke at this point because they have failed time and time again, that ‘remember’ prompt at the top left is hilarious. I think the first two episodes are great, but the three after failed to keep the momentum and failed to capitalize on all the cool things the first two episodes set up.7/10 (Good)"
76561198136265560,Recommended,498240,35266772,Posted: 28 September,all,MrSeanNathan,"I'm a huge sucker for telltale games that cater to my interests and hobbies. That said, I'm a huge Batman fan and I had a lot of fun playing this. Depsite that, I did notice some issues when running this on my PC.1. When I got to the third episode.. it was if my choices in the first two had no effect. Some of the things that occured as a result of my decisions were reverted in this episode.. but when I got to the fourth episode, it was all back to normal. Extremely frustrating but eventually got through it.2. Between scenes, I would experience a slight FPS drop.Note: I strongly recommend playing this with a controller"
