user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,500810,25236773,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Arcanum of Steamworks and Magick Obscura is a very underrated and forgotten crpg. It was the first game created by Troika games, which was founded by several of the developers of the original Fallout.Arcanum takes place in a Victorian era fantasy world. And has all of the staples of typical medieval fantasy elements. There's magic, dwarves, elves, gnomes, orcs and so forth. But they've all been adapted into a more modern world. Now there are firearms, steam power, zeppelins, and so forth. Intermixed with orcs that wear tailcoats and wield gattling guns.The game plays very similarly to the original Fallout. But it allows you to select between turn based and real time, with turn based being the obvious better option. Arcanum was ahead of its time in a lot of respects. For starters it is a true open world game, allowing you to walk from the very start of the game all the way to the other end of the continent uninterrupted. It was also to my knowledge the very first game to feature preorder DLC, if you preordered the game you recieved an extra dungeon on a CD. The soundtrack is all classical music and still remains one of my favorite OSTs.It's a fantasy version of Fallout set in a steampunk world. It's everything you've ever wanted in an rpg, released 15 years ago. Go figure.This version appears to be the CD version of the game. It appears to work with Arcanum's widescreen mod so it's really a toss up if you wanna spring for the GOG version or the Steam version at this rate.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=754604562http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=755396888"
,Recommended,500810,25246814,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,DONNCHADH_ZA,Frame Rate Fix for Windows 8 and Up.More specifically lag issues in caves and inventoriesCopy paste the following-doublebuffer -no3dinto your SET LAUNCH OPTIONSI absolutely love this game and had to apply this fix for myself on Windows 10If you are still having issues.User Owlakki in the comments suggested an alternative fix for users still having issues.please follow the following linkOwlakki 3 hours agoI've actually found this fix doesn't work. I had to write my own guide on how to fix it.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=755396888
76561198047762226,Recommended,500810,28290631,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Estredar,"DISABLE STEAM OVERLAY IF YOU WANT TO BE ABBLE TO PLAY!!!!!A masterpiece of an RPG. I played well over 1000 hours at this game when i was younger and had the CD version of it. Loosing that cd shatered my heart as this is, in my opinion the best RPG ever made according to what i have played so far.In Arcanum, freedom is the name of the game. Of course it is still a game and is restricted by the amount of content it has but even then, there seems to be an endless stream of it. Make any caracter you want, from a fighter, mage, gunslinger, armorer, archer, thieve, assassin to a diplomat, you can do it. I cannot guaranty your build will pull you out of every situation but nothing ever will eh!It has its few bugs and old graphs but this doesnt mar the beauty of the game itself, not to speak of the godly steampunk-violin soundtrack wich only helps in keeping you immersed.Overall, i spent way too much time on this game when i was younger and still spent more recently and i cant seem to get bored.Worth a big 10/10 to me, worth buying anytime."
76561198041087441,Recommended,500810,25379446,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,bcigor,"This is the best game ever.Made by Troika Games, authors of Fallout and another bugged, unbalanced, yet cult game Vampire: Bloodlines.Arcanum has horrible graphics. It has horrible combat. And its 'balance' is nonexistant. You can literally walk through the entire game by using ONLY one spell. The one you can start with.Yet still Arcanum is the best game ever. It has one of the most captivating settings. It's a wonderful world, a merger of steampunk science and magic. It has lots of characters and story choices, most of them hidden and not given out in the open like in most modern RPGs. Of course sometimes even in Arcanum you have an option 'you either go here, or go there' but there is always a third way. And a fourth. And in most cases a fifth and a sixth.Almost all quests in Arcanum have 4 or even more ways to finish them (and several to fail). This brings enormous replayability, and even after years you can find out that some quest could've been completed differently.Arcanum is offering all of it. The moral dilemma, the ambiguity of your choices, the vastness of the world. If you can tolerate the graphics, clunky combat system and the fact that all skill choices are unbalanced, you're in for a treat. Dumb Half-Ogre? Halfling-thief? Intelligent Half-Orc? Elf-Engineer? Selfless or selfish, savior or villain, or anything inbetween. Possibilities of real roleplay are endless here.This is and will stay my only review for a game on steam. Just because this one is the one I deeply care about.And the soundtrack. Best soundtrack for a game ever written."
,Recommended,500810,25239052,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Phaser Rave,"This is probably my favorite game, one which I have played throughout most of my life.Imagine if a fantasy world inspired by LotR or D&D hit the industrial age.Arcanum is an open world, open ended RPG with either turn based or real time combat (can be changed at will).Magic and technology are two opposite sides of the same coin, and you can choose one or the other, or may walk the middle ground.The game often offers many ways of tackling a quest. For example:In one of the first quests, some bandits require a toll be paid if you wish to pass a bridge. You can pay this toll, you can convince them you're a bandit yourself, you can work with them, you can steal the key, or you can kill them.Another thing I like about this, which you don't see in some modern games like Skyrim (still love that game though) is that you can fail quests, and can pretty much kill anyone. Sometimes this results in failing that quest.You've got a variety of spells and technology to choose from. You can raise the spirits of the recent dead to speak with them at and early level, or at a high level can even resurrect the dead. Your companions can die, but if you have the spell, resurrection scroll, you can bring them back.As a technologist you can craft guns, tech armor, automatons, and more. As you progress through the tech field, you get schematics for crafting your stuff. Alternatively, you can also find schematics out in the world to craft things you wouldn't get from just leveling up.There are also other skills your character can utilize, such as bartering, gambling, persuasion, and pickpocket. If you have the relevant stat (strength, dexterity, etc), you can train its respective skill. If you get that skill to the maximum level, you're not done yet. You have to train with the masters of that skill to gain the most benefit from it. The final Master level of each skill has a quest which you must complete to be considered the master.You can also steal most things, if you have the relevant skill. Sneak in to a shop, and you can steal all of their wares.The game has some bugs. I recommend installing the official and unofficial patches, and the high resolution patch.http://www.terra-arcanum.com/downloads/There are some things I wish the game did better, like shopkeepers won't shoo you out of their shop before they head to bed, which makes it a bit easy to steal their stuff. I still love the game though.Tip: F1-F6 give quick commands to your companions. F7 quicksaves, F8 quickloads."
,Recommended,500810,25600412,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Thunderous Clockwork WarMachine,"The only reason Arcanum isn't well known as the all-time classic that it is, is because it was released right between Diablo 2:Lord Of Destruction, and Baldur's Gate 2:Throne Of Bhaal.They were massively popular expansions to massively popular games that essentially shared the same general visual style and similar gameplay to Arcanum, a game no one had ever heard of.Naturally, it went overlooked in favor of the vastly more famous expansions.Arcanum is an absolute masterpiece.As much as I LOVE Diablo 2:Lord Of Destruction, I'm NOT sure that it was the best isometric PC game to come out that year.Arcanum MAY be the better game.Imagine everything you love about the Fallout games and Elder Scrolls games, and imagine a steampunk version in a DRAMATICALLY more elaborate and interesting world, with more depth, and more customization, but in isometric 2D, like the original Fallout games.Arcanum was created by the creators of Fallout.It IS steampunk Fallout.I'll be real honest, if they told me that a new Fallout or Elder Scrolls game was on the way, I'd shrug.That's cool.But if they told me they were making Arcanum 2, I'd be LOSING MY GORRAM MIND waiting day by day for that game to come out. I've been waiting for Arcanum 2 to be announced for like 15 years."
,Not Recommended,500810,32234770,Posted: 7 June,all,FearlessKing Itzhak,While the gameplay is pretty fantastic it simply is not designed to run on Windows 10. I've spent a lot of time trying to optimize the game but after a few minutes it will almost definitely slow down on you to the point where it is unplayable. Every few minutes will require a fresh restart.It cannot be run in a high priority mode without destroying the graphics. I even tried setting up short cuts to run it in on high with no luck. It uses an ancient version of direct X that simply doesn't work as well on Windows as you'd expect.This definitely needs a reboot though. The game is so much fun.
,Recommended,500810,25241978,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Tsar Bearington III,"I still own my CD of this game and the strategy guide. My dad bought it back in 2002 and i played the crap out of it. I was devastated whem my play disc broke, but i saved and bought another one through amazon. I have put so many hours into this game and will continue to play this game now that it is on steam, and while that does save the need for one of these mods these mods will make this game much more fun and accessoble to new players: they helped me and will make the experience even better.I would reccomend all of these mods except the hd maps, it makes the game lag randomly- may be only me, but i have no other data to draw from.https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/chxyd/stepbystep_modding_guide_arcanum_of_steamworks/Pros of this game -- great story- lots of sidequest- A lot of replay potential- many npcs with in depth back storiescons- dated battle system even for its time- it can be easy to lose track of what you need to do next- many small bugs ( all of these are fixed with the mods in the provided reddit post)- no built in resolution setting ( also fixed with the mods provided )This game is an amazing game that i was thrilled to learn is on steam, and i would reccomend it to anyone who likes role playing games."
76561197994049488,Recommended,500810,25605466,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Ap31$!N,Steam has Arcanum - Steam is now complete.Best. Game. Ever.9000/10
,Recommended,500810,25237439,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Numinous,"Best rpg of all times. Buggy, but the quests, the world, the lore and the themes make up for it plenty. 11/10"
76561198053232801,Recommended,500810,25238721,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Random,"This is the best RPG ever made.  I spent hundreds of hours on this game back in the day.Prepare for a world where magic and technology are at war with a deep and satisfying lore throughout.This game offers unmatched choice for how to create your characters and how to interact with the world.  The game is a completely different experience with different types of characters.  You can make a stupid, beefy fighter, and you will walk right past most of the policitical intrique (of course, you are too stupid to pick up on it).  Make a beautiful socialite with no combat skills, but charm the biggest thugs into doing your bidding for you and talk your way through very in depth dialogue trees.  Fancy yourself an intelligent caster?  Or maybe a thief with a heart of gold?  A technomancer with a knack for gadgets?  All this and more can be done!Even the starting quests and starting towns are well written with multiple approaches and multiple solutions depending on the choices you make and your playstyle.  Want to wipe out an entire town?  You can do it, and the other towns will know about it!  Or maybe you just want to enslave them all with your charm and good looks?  Or maybe....The game still has some bugs, and the multiplayer was never quite as satisfying as I would have hope, but the single player experience is second to none to this day.  This game is for people that want to ROLEPLAY, not have all of their choices pre-determined.Highly recommended.  Buy this game right now!1,000/10"
,Recommended,500810,31052926,Posted: 9 April,all,[GND] Jester,"Warning: This game needs an unofficial patch, a widescreen patch, and numerous Windows compatibility tweaks to work.  Nothing too intensive, but it's worth it because the end result is magnificent.  Arcanum is a huge open world steampunk RPG, made by the same brilliant minds who brought us Fallout and Fallout 2.  The amount of role-playing is even comparable to Fallout 2, which has the most of any video game.Play as a Human, Dwarf, Elf, Half-Elf, Orc, Half-Orc, Half-Ogre, Gnome, or Halfling.  Use the wonderful classless stat/rule system to build a unique character, defining eight different physical and mental attributes, and choosing either magic or technology or even both (although balance is really geared toward just one or the other).  Or perhaps neither?  If your Intelligence is too low, you won't be able to speak properly (the entire game is rewritten), people will look down on you and not give you the same opportunities they would a normal person, and you won't ever have any spellcasting ability or technological mastery.  This game features 16 spell colleges and 5 spells in each for a total of 80 spells, as well as 8 technological disciplines and 7 degrees (each bringing a unique recipe) for each.  4 combat skills, 4 thieving skills, 4 social skills, 4 tech skills.A very in-depth, full fledged RPG with a massive 190 page manual.  The rule system is so good, so complete that it seems like it stems from a pen and paper RPG but it doesn't. The same applies to Fallout, these developers (formerly Interplay/Black Isle Studios, before Troika) were just the best at making video game RPGs.The world building is also so well written that one wouldn't think it is an original video game universe, but it is.  So much detail packed into every town and city, every culture, and all of it is explored better than today's RPGs even dream of (they lack the ambition).  This is a story driven RPG, and the story is intriguing from the start.  It is a story wrapped in thematic material with some social commentary, carefully examining and showing us the dangers and benefits of technological revolution from multiple perspectives.  Characters are written with greater attention to detail than most games by far, although it is not at the very top tier in this regard either.Arcanum has some of the most brilliant quest design you will find in any RPG.  Again, the level of artistic vision and creativity it exhibits in this regard is not seen in modern RPGs.  No hand holding, your journal (quest log section that is) is written from the perspective of the character, not a narrator or godlike figure.  It doesn't tell you more than you can possibly know, so it tells you what to do but not exactly how to do it.  And if your intelligence is too low, your journal/log will show it.My favorite example of this is the quest called ""Horror Among the Dark Elves"" which is an authentic Lovecraftian short story.  As a fan of Lovecraft, the presence of such a quest took me utterly by surprise.  It begins with a book which you find in the game, a book detailing an investigation into disturbing events, gradually becoming more unnerving as you read it.  To continue the quest, you must follow up on leads mentioned in the book; the game doesn't explicitly tell you this, you must use your own common sense and intuition which is now a forbidden approach to mainstream game design.  Some of those leads are names of people, places, and more.  You can ask around, ask people who might have more knowledge than common civilians like the authorities or innkeepers.  Better yet, check the Hall of Records in Tarant.  The point is, you conduct your own logical, authentic investigation into matters, rather than just following an objective marker to a location and killing everything there.  Quest design in Arcanum involves more than just combat, and more than just dialogue too, and they are rewarding for what they add to the story thematically.Not every quest is excellent of course.  Some side quests involve overly helpless and brainless characters, like most other games and movies.  But the amount of great quests outweighs the amount of generic ones by far.Arcanum lets you choose real time or turn-based combat.  Since it is an isometric 2.5D game, turn-based is the best choice I think, it lacks the fluidity and precision for real-time.  The camera can interfere with combat at times, all the more reason to go with turn-based.  Combat can range from typical sword and shield or axe and shield melee battles, or twin daggers with stealth, or large two handed melee weapons, to flintlock pistols, revolvers, repeating rifles, even a flamethrower and grenade launcher, to wild technological gizmos like electric staves and clockwork spiders and so much more.  Then there are the 80 spells of course, few of them being useless.  The use of stealth in combat can be greatly improved however, D&D video games do this much better.You can actually kill anyone and everyone in the game, at will, and it has massive consequences for such.  You may have noticed that much of what I said; the racial variety and the open world free roaming, resembles The Elder Scrolls to some extent.  But unlike The Elder Scrolls, Arcanum has role-playing depth.  It actually REACTS to what you do in realistic ways, it reacts to your character build.  You will encounter racism or favoritism.  If you are a technological expert, you will come into conflict with mages, and vice versa.  So many different ways this game responds, so much dialogue variety, they do not make such great RPGs anymore sadly.The last portion of the game, after the point of no return, is a disappointment.  This includes the ending.  Troika built up such a grand tale to the point where they were not able to write a satisfying conclusion in the time they were given.  But that's only the last hour of the game or so, at least.  And since people love it so much, any significant action you commit (ones that affect communities but many others) anywhere throughout the game provides a unique ending slide."
,Recommended,500810,26740508,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Terror | ClanLOST.com,"A childhood favorite of mine, Arcanum. i originally found this game on a demo disk i got from a magazine and instantlly fell in love. Ths game while very very old, will give you some great time and has an awesome replayability asset.This game got me into gaming, and im do glad i can finially own it again.10/10.A great buy for someone looking for an old school CRPG."
,Recommended,500810,25240802,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Army of None,"Oh my god. One of my favorite CRPGs finally come to Steam. If you liked Baldur's Gate, Planescape Torment, Icewind Dale, etc, this game is for you. Imagine a world of clashing technology versus magick, with political strifes, racial tensions, and an engaging cast of characters. If this little known RPG missed you, now is the perfect time to pick it up. Buy!"
76561198080693041,Recommended,500810,32743952,Posted: 24 June,all,lliser22,"I played Arcanum: Of Steamworks and Magick Obscura around it's initial release and I enjoyed it as much then as I do now.  For it's time, Arcanum was a great puzzle game. I still get lost in the nostalgia and the story line keeps me interested. I learn something new each time I play. I feel it is still a great strategy game but today's computers make it a bit glitchy. I hardly know anything about computer specs, but I cannot run it with Window's 10, but I CAN run it smoothly with XP.  Arcanum is enjoyable and worth your time. But be open and patient with the graphics and such as the game was not designed for today's computers."
,Recommended,500810,26210593,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Xardas,"Arcanum is one of those gems you pick up and never forget.   It is a classic RPG style of game play with a deep twisting story line.  It was one of the best RPG rides of all time.Guns and Magic, steamworks, crafting, gnomes, elves an orcs, open world environment etc this game simply crammed everything you want in an RPG And still found room for a brothel with a sheep in it for your peculiar tastes.Do not Alt-Tab, this game hates it.Thank you Steam, I had been preserving some very old game discs for some classics that I love.  I can now get rid of one more set of game discs on my shelf.Highly Recommend this to anyone who is a classic RPG fan."
,Recommended,500810,27144224,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,STROZ,"I wish I could forget everything I know about Arcanum and do it all over again. Fyi: If you want to play this game on a modern OS, you're going to need to have to fight for it (ie, install some patches)."
76561197968514473,Recommended,500810,30446669,Posted: 11 March,all,Meat-King©®,"“Here lies Charles. Had six guns, needed seven. Now he resides in heaven.”Arcanum is a role-playing game (rpg) developed by the company Troika Games, who are also responsible for the creation of Vampire the Masquerade – Bloodlines.Pro & contra:+ Creative concept of a rpg world where followers of magic or technology are fighting against each other for supremacy.+ It tends to encourage spontaneous role-playing by providing entertaining dialogue options, depending on the race and character statistics, e.g. amount of followers is limited by charisma.+ Well done manual gives insights regarding gameplay mechanics, and supports immersion into the world of Arcanum.o Community patch is recommended, in order to fix some bugs that are not covered by the last official patch. Furthermore, there are some useful Steam guides improving the gameplay, e.g. preventing the occasional slowdowns in cities.o It allows to select between turn based or real time combat.- Without additional patching and customization some gameplay aspects will be rather frustrating.- Lack of interaction between the members of the group.- Musical background and sounds are repetitive.Summary:Arcanum has a good and solid gameplay that is held back from being great by various issues. It is directed at old school gamers, who prefer text-based rpgs and are willing to tweak the game with different fan-made patches.Recommended for hardcore rpg players.Achievements:This game has no Steam achievements."
76561198068260030,Recommended,500810,26565686,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Futumsch,"Ah, Arcanum. Where to begin with this truly unique gem? I bought this game when it first came out and boy did I sink the hours into it! Only thing that would make me happier than seeing it released on steam like it is now is if some kind soul made a sequel or updated the existing version to todays standards of graphics etctbh, even when it was first released the graphics were pretty sub-par but didn't matter too much as the actual story itself was very compelling with an astounding variety of ways to play the game all completely viable to finish the game with as most quests give multiple ways of completing themWant to play a suave half-orc or a grenade throwing psychopath? A classic fireball throwing elf mage or a typical axe wielding dwarf? Rain-man style card counting jerk? the list goes on, thanks to the large array of ""backgrounds"" you can choose at character creation to help flesh out your character.The aspects of the game though which I've yet to see in any other which really sets it apart though are the technology/magic alignment meter, which directly affects your aptitude to use certain items or cast spells and vice versa...e.g the mage who tries to use a gun only to find they critically fail more often than not or not able to cast that vital heal on your tech companion as the the gadgets they weild and can create (from steam-powered spider drones to tonics to boost stats to hand cannons etc) will fizzle.Some companions will not join you if you do not meet a certain level of tech or magic aptitude.There is also a moral alignment as you progress, adding again to the replayability as some companions you can add to your party will only join if you are of certain alignments and offering differing endings to the game depending on if your good or evil inclined.The game when it was released though was absolutely riddled with some game-breaking bugs. thankfully though there are some great patches out there from fans, most notably the drog black-tooth patch which can be found here  fixes a large number of them but it is still highly recommended to save often and in multiple slots:http://terra-arcanum.com/drog/dest/uap.htmlThe combat pretty basic and I wouldn't advise using ""real time"", if you're familiar with early fallout (1&2) you'll know what i mean.Overall a great game, interesting story, unique concept, high replayability. graphics are outdated, combat is bit messed up. corrupted saves suck balls.8/10"
76561198362347253,Recommended,500810,34390648,Posted: 21 August,all,theEXPseeker,"My favourite videogame, absolutely underrated.- Wonderfully written dialogues- A coherent and deep as hell ecosystem of phylosophical positions, cultures, social dynamics, history...- It potentially has an infinite replayabiity: a combinatory system of skills, race, gender, background history...- Decisions causes concrete consequencies, thousands of decisions- Vast explorable open-world- Film, books and every kind of cultural referencies hidden here and there- Beautifully modeled isometric steampunk artworks- One of the most complex and original storyline ever madeOn windows 10 you may need to make some adjustments but it works fine:if you go to C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Arcanum You'll find a file called ""SierraLauncher.ini""Open it as a text file and replace it with this:[Launcher]Name=ArcanumNumButtons=1GameManual=Manual.pdfGame1Name=GameGame1Prog=otherGame1Path=Arcanum\Game1Exe=Arcanum.exeGame1Cmd= -no3d -doublebufferActually you modify two options in the Game1Cmd part: you activate ""no3d"" and ""doublebuffer"" options.Someone also suggests to delete the ""ddraw.dll"" file located in C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Arcanum\Arcanum, and replace it withanother one that you can easily find online, plus a file called ""wined3d.dll.Online you can also find a level Cap remover (maximum level otherwise is 50)and some resolution modifiers to play it on 16/9 res.Give it a try, it's immense"
,Recommended,500810,25289756,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Vitriol,"Textbook definition of a flawed gem. Horrible combat and clunky mechanics. On the other hand, incredible worldbuilding, setting, soundtrack, amazing writing and quests. The game world truly responds to your character development in rich and surprising ways. Immense replay value due to the sheer amount of variety in quests, locations, followers based on things like your race, gender, abilities, alignment etc.An absolute classic, criminally underrated. Don't be afraid to use the unofficial patch for a marginally better experience, also lookup the ddraw.dll fix if you encouter weird colours."
76561198061186954,Recommended,500810,25534078,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Chito_Bro,10/10 One of the all time best ever. Its sad to say there has never been a succesor.
76561198007606566,Recommended,500810,25241287,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Guylos,Arcanum is one of the best CRPGs I have ever played. The world and story are deep and expansive with characters that have real personalities. The game is steeped in complex choices for your character with a high degree of reactivity to what you do. There is almost always multiple ways through any given situation and straight forward violence is rarely your only option. The way you design your character has a large effect on the game you experience and as such makes for great replayability. The soundtrack is beautiful and moving and the voice-acting is quality. Overall the game is an experience worth having and for the current price will be a great return on investment. 10/10 would buy again :P
76561198007494538,Recommended,500810,25454034,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Shogulix,10/10 one of the best rpgs ever made
,Recommended,500810,28230934,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hochmeister Judas Der Rot,"I know it doesn't say I have many hours in this game. It's because I own it on original CD Rom. But let me tell you, I have poured hours into it. I've beaten it at least half a dozen times.It was hard to get into the first time I played it. I just didn't understand some of the mechanics, and the enemies were tough for a beginner. I didn't pick it up again for about a year. When I finally did pick it up again, I grew very immersed. The level of impact you have on the world blew my mind. No other game has ever truly captured a character's impact than this game has. The only game since that even came close would be Pillars of Eternity.You're in this massive world with no knowledge of its workings, other than what a mysterious stranger tells you. In order to truly understand it, you must travel the length and bredth of an entire continent. And huge isn't an overstatement. But it's incredibly fleshed out. Every location has its problems and charms, and everything you do in those locations will have a significant impact on the world. You could kill a seemingly innocent man, but for all you know, he could have been the heir to a kingdom. You'd never know until you've worked out how to put him on the throne. But would he be a good king or a bad one? That's up to you to decide.Without giving away any spoilers, this game has forever impacted the standard to which I hold every other game after it."
,Recommended,500810,29010267,Posted: 4 January,all,Rhyfelwr,"I played this game to bits back in the glory days of RPGs. It is a lesser known classic up there with Fallout 1,2, Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter Nights. It has a very unique setting and the most beautiful soundtrack I've ever heard in any game. When I noticed that it is available on Steam I immediately bought it (even though I already have it on GoG and physical CD-ROM), it is that good. The experience compares to reading a finely crafted classic novel, rather than brute forcing your way through some generic modern rpg.Bah, I miss the golden age of the genre greatly, anyway highly recommended."
,Recommended,500810,28699339,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,nan0s7,"THIS IS AN OLD GAME! Be warned!! I recommend to do a quick Google after buying this game and install some essential mods such as the HD mod and community patch. You will need to do some configuring before this game is playable in this day and age, however it is WELL worth the wait.PROS:- Pretty decent story- Amazing character customisability- Item-size based inventory management- Many secrets and side-quests to find- Real attention to detail- Freedom in style of play (real time or turn-based, being good/evil and magic/tech minded, almost everything you can imagine!)- Multiplayer support- A ""quick-travel"" kind of option- Great writing and voice acting (especially for the time)CONS:- Even with the latest official and community patches installed, there are many bugs in the game (no ""game-breaking"" ones though)- It is difficult to get started in the game; there isn't a tutorial, and due to the sheer customisability it's a bit of a learning curve to understand what works well (but a quick Google can help)- It is an old game, so the ""steam version"" is basically unplayable on a modern computerTLDR:If you're in the market for a good RPG and you love the steampunk/magic kind of universe, and of course don't mind installing a few quick mods, then THIS GAME IS A MUST-BUY!"
76561198071779244,Recommended,500810,28328548,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Gygeryb,"a Brilliant classic RPG. If you enjoyed the older Fallout games, this ones right up your alley!"
76561198000175959,Recommended,500810,25629570,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Ruhart,"Oh man. Oh man oh man. What a throwback. What an amazing game. It's surprising the amount of content this little beaut holds. I played this as a kid, and now I'm right back to it. I tried to get it to run about a year ago, but there were too many problems with the compatibility. Whoever thought of putting this on steam was a genius. This game has so much to do and so much character customization. Seems like 89% of modern games out there fall short of this epic; let me remind you it was a game released for PC in 2001. It was released 3 days before Windows XP.The system is standard with spice. You have your basic stats, 16 schools of magic with 4 spells each, 8 branches of technology with 7 recipes, and 4 branches of skills (combat, thieving, social, and technological), . All use the same points on level-up (you only get 1 a level). You might have a bit of a hard time at the start, so here's a tip- you need 9 Charisma to get Sogg Mead Mug at the Shrouded Hills Inn, otherwise it'll be hard to pass the bridge thieves. That's all you get from me. I toiled at this game a lot back when it came out and any further tips would ruin the experience. I just don't want anyone throwing it aside in the beginning.For 6 dollars, this is a steal. The amount of gameplay time is staggering. I have a friend who's a downright gamernazi about his games and he's beat this game 6 times with different outcomes. There's more than one main quest and your choices will effect the overall outcome of the game. Remember this when playing - there is no technomagick. You can't be magically adept and wield a gun. It's a disaster if you try. There ARE however techno-staves that hurl electricity. You can fulfill your technomancer dream with that.Here's a list of pros and cons if you didn't want to read all that:PROS- Amazing customization- Optional turn based or realtime combat at the push of the space bar- Dozens of hundreds of items- Optional followers- Tons of choices in dialogue- Deep story- Beautiful world- Make your own character portraits (google it)- WHAT'S THAT BETWEEN THE ""O"" AND THE ""U"" IN GREY MOUNTAINS?!CONS- HUD is clunky and outdated (what did you expect?)- Some indoor places are barren of decor and some objects/furniture are put in asinine places- Hope you like critically missing and hitting yourself or party members in combat a lot early on- Unless you have the resurrect spell, get used to party member permadeath, or reloading- Autopathing is a bit frustrating- Guns/bows require point for point ammunition... and has carryweight... per ammo (a pro if you're hardcore)To sum it all up, this game is a steal for six bucks. Grab it, play it, live it, and die in it. A lot. Don't be a pansy and turn the difficulty down. I know you'll want to."
76561198027961805,Recommended,500810,29308337,Posted: 16 January,all,Bane902,"I just cannot believe how this game didnt spawn a popular franchise or at least a sequel, this game gives you complete freedom in bulding your character unlike any other RPG I've ever seen, whether to be a gun toting bandit or a sorcerer with a liking to bows or even the ablity to be charismatic persuading and manipulating people to your needs, its world is a unique one where magic and technology coexist together is something to behold and a joy to explore, steampunk cites that embrace technology and magic kingdoms that consider technology to be an abomination and the political struggles between them are very interesting to witness or take part in if you wish.its a special game that does a lot of things differently than your typical RPG and for that I think it's worth a shot if you enjoy the genre. but a friendly warning download the fan patches and the widescreen resolution patches because the game is very buggy without them."
76561198072914625,Recommended,500810,28415617,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ryansean24,"I held off on a review 'til a few hours in.No bugs (Win7), so my thousands of hours of gameplay over the past fifteen years count toward this review.I don't agree with the ""Steampunk"" tag for this game.  Nothing punk about it.  What it is, is classic high fantasy a few hundred years down the road from its usual setting, where the industrial age is just beginning.The story is engaging at times, full of gaps at others, though personally I think it's much more fleshed out than Baldur's Gate I or II, and the combat is much more rewarding.  Honestly the biggest reason I keep coming back to this game year after year is planning out and building a character based off of a set amount of skill points (the same reason I turn back to Diablo II every couple of years).  If you enjoy character buidling, and are looking for a story that-despite plot holes-can really suck you in at times, give it a try.  I have two copies on CD ROM, and this was still probably the best $3.59 I've spent on Steam this year.  I've hoped and dreamed for a sequel/remake/anything new over the years to bring attention back to this wonderful game.Edit*Forgot to mention that this is the only game that comes to mind, where you can create a character so stupid that he can critically fail an attack and chop himself in half."
,Recommended,500810,25326454,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Toffeemonkey,"One of my all time favourite games, so happy it's on Steam!"
,Recommended,500810,25238527,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Psypher,"Whilst I haven't put any hours into the steam version of this game, I have owned and played Arcanum many times over the years.By far one of my favourite RPGs of all time. I highly recommend it to anybody who is a fan of the original Fallout games or Baldurs Gate. With a really impressive story and lengthy game time it is absolutely worth the $6 being asked for it. I'm not even going to explain the particulars. Just buy it. And play it.If your not a fan of older style RPGs with rich character development and complex storytelling, then stay away. If your not a fan of Magik or Tech, or in particular, BOTH put together, then stay away.If you have $6 to blow, then buy the game regardless. It will not disapoint."
,Recommended,500810,26445165,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BingoBjarne,"Best game!I installed the ""Arcanum Multiverse Edition [ENG]"", followed the installation sequence and it now purrs like a kitten. <3"
76561198052417834,Recommended,500810,25247800,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Zozobra,"I finished Arcanum for at least 4 times. Everytime I did though, it was a different experience. This game gives you so much room for roleplaying that it makes your tabletop games look like hack'n slashes. From a herbalist healer, to a psychopath, from a witty magical thief to a brute who can't even properly speak. Literally, anything that comes to your mind.You can finish this game by killing everyone, or you can finish it without even raising your fists.Everything is up to how you want your character to interact with the rich world around them.A lot of quests have more than one solution, and by more than one I don't mean some shallow choices like ""pickpocket or kill"". There are real moral choices in even the simplest quests.Arcanum is not only about what you do, but how you do and why you do. The interaction with the other characters is so deep just visiting a tavern and mingling with other people can be a tremendous experience.Being ugly, being mentally challenged, being vicious, being polite, being sickly, being misanthropic, being seductive... everything is a unique experience in this game. Don't afraid of being experimental in creating your character, be an ugly but charismatic negotiator, be a short tempered gambling addict who kills people when he loses, be a mad scientist who experiments his new electric gun on village folk because hey, who cares about a small village when we are talking about scientific progression? Whatever you be, the game finds a way to acknowledge and reward you for your roleplay.10/10 one of the best rpg's ever made."
,Recommended,500810,25342898,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,HelterSkelter937,"this game is poorly optimized but it is arcanum... one of the best rpgs where you rather discuss political and racial matter rather than just go rampage(what you can do if you want)it is not just because of a nostalgia factor why this game is good, if you can get into it it is still a very great game compared to most garbage that is released nowadays"
76561198022903052,Recommended,500810,30893116,Posted: 1 April,all,Chuck Farvre,"Up there with the best of them.I'd BG 1 and 2 ( as  a single game experience)Fallout 2and this, Arcanum,  are all equally amazing."
,Recommended,500810,25242285,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sqin,One of the best RPGs of it's time and even today. Your character has so much freedom and there are many ways to complete tasks. Many different ways you can make your character viable.The dialogue is rich and changes based on different kinds of characters your create. You can have significantly different experiences on each play through.Downside - weak combat.
76561198176089661,Recommended,500810,29379320,Posted: 20 January,all,Futatsukusabana,"This gem is too much underrated. I've never seen game with such great storytelling and atmosphere.And as a bonus you have steampunk setting which is so rare. Yes, there are games out there with bits and pieces of ""steampunkish"" visuals. But what other game throws you into the middle of industrial revolution, with quest directly touching the question of coexistence of nature and technology?Arcanum doesn't limit your path choices in any way. Yo can play mage (destroying enemies with sole sight, traveling among flock of familiars), gun wielding technologist (in steampowered armor with mechanical companions) or anything between. What else do you need.In character creation you can choose from half-dozen races with tens of different backgrounds which are often mutually exclusive and can completely change the way you experience this wast world.So why is this game pretty much forgotten? Answer may be hidden in problems it has.Levels gaining is unbalanced. Depending on your carrier choice you can rocket to the level cap long before half of game or struggle to gain much needed skills.Related problem is leveling of followers, they doesn't get any experience but level up with PC. If you recruit them too late, they have no chance to reach level cap. That wouldn't be problem, if you had control over their skill distribution - but alas, you don't. This underlines the lack of control over them which is painfully evident especially in combat.Another big problem may lay in confusing quests. You often can't say what approach is right. Rude answer in one dialog will lead only to escalation to violence, another time it is only way to access much needed options. Only way to find out is Save&Load which somebody may find frustrating. And there are few quest which end without any satisfaction. (What you looked for is revealed as part of bigger scheme - but there is no continuation programmed in for it.)Is this game really so broken?If you like straightforward story, where you always can predict what outcome will come from your actions, Arcanum may let you frustrated. But if you like exploring every possibility, and repeating game over and over with new characters to find various endings Arcanum won't let you down."
76561197964143382,Recommended,500810,25419937,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Guidsmaster,"One of the best RPG's I've ever played. I still have my physical copy from way back when, though as soon as I saw this on steam (and especially at such a cheap price!) I instantly picked it up. I'm not sure I've replayed any RPG as much as I have this one. While it's true it has its shortcomings, I think its positives more than make up for them. I dont think I've seen many or any other game(s) with such an immersive and well-designed world/environment.Pros:-Large variety in play-style/character customization, with tons of different specializations available.-Most major quests have several different ways of being solved (and many of them are quite hard to find, particularly as a rogue-type character). Some might consider this a con, as many times you'll only realize those alternate paths existed long after you decided that certain (more obvious) approaches were the only ways.-Many unique quests and possibilities depending on the skills you choose and how much you've levelled them, or the choices you make along your path and the people you talk to.-Fairly large amount of freedom from the beginning, though I believe some parts are relatively linear.-A very well designed world and environment, with a great deal of immersion.Cons:The combat isn't the best, for sure. It feels like the beginning is pretty rough unless you roll a warrior or certain magic schools (though you can almost always talk or sneak your way through situations, or with some lucky/save scummy use of items), and there are certain ""linear progression points"" that suddenly and drastically increase in difficulty. This has almost always led me to grind out levels to the point where I had most of the core skills I wanted and some pretty hefty combat skills, and even then you can still get utterly rocked. I honestly can't agree with such a design, but oh well. Maybe you're just meant to explore everything as soon as possible in order to gain those levels and better gear, I dont know.That being said, it doesnt necessarilly mean the combat is absolutely terrible, just some (imo) poor decisions on design and progression.-It didn't happen often, but there were some bugs that could wind up with you walking through a wall, and forcing you to reload/teleport (assuming you actually had the ability to teleport)All in all, I highly recommend this game if you're looking for a good ""open world"" RPG. This was the game that got me into the fallout series, and I still don't think any of them came close to comparing. I gladly would have paid 3x the price for this even though I still have the cd's, just to have it on steam."
76561198214121624,Recommended,500810,26793567,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Keystin,"Underrated, yet amazing. Third person: old school. I've played this an immense amount as a kid, and I'm still enjoying this! 10/10"
,Recommended,500810,25914725,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Kira,"If you are a fan of Diablo 1&2, Fallout 1&2, and Steampunk. This is the game is a must to play. Great story and you will spend most of the time having different builds and characters. Want to be a half-orc paladin? go right ahead, want to be a a drunken dwarf that cast magic? have at it, You want to try to build an elf gunsliger nothing stopping you. Its fun and the party you select is fun. I spend hours playing this when I had the disc copy. It something I recommand and I don't usual right reviews at all for 5.99 its a good deal."
76561198260410976,Recommended,500810,25654660,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,iassen.hristov,"What can I say: 30 hours of playtime in less than a week!Got it recently for six bucks to remember the good old days. One of the best RPGs (and one of the best games ever).Strongly recommended, even if will be your first time with this gem. Once you get used to the old school graphics: excellent gameplay and tons and tons of high-quality content.Following the instructions for optimizing the game (community) is a must if you're with Win10. Otherwise performance is crappy.Once you update the game folder following the instructions it wokrs smoothly."
76561197964362629,Recommended,500810,25845849,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Magnum Knights,"One of the best classic era RPGs of all times. Endless amounts of Character styles you can choose and the quests always have a ""♥♥♥♥ You"" option to just get into a fight with the world. Sometimes force is the best solution afterall to get the things you want in life. right? No hand holding quests like most modern games these days, lots of adventuring to be had to get those quests complete."
76561198006657755,Recommended,500810,29616454,Posted: 31 January,all,Jackyboy,Member Virgil? Member Magnus Shalefist? I Member!
76561198048124678,Recommended,500810,30002355,Posted: 17 February,all,BerserkElf,This one of the greatest broken games of ALL TIME.
76561198273637618,Recommended,500810,28715619,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ievgen.tkach,It is a tragedy that such a great game was released very much undone and didn't get a continuation.
,Recommended,500810,25407003,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,502,"The narrator calls Arcanum a place of possibility. A place of change. The possibilities are indeed endless in this place, and change is inevitable. How and when said change will occur, however, is completely up to you- the only survivor of the IFS Zephyr crash.The character system may be overwhelming at first, but it's straighforward enough to build an efficient character, both from a power play and roleplaying perspective. You can be dumb or smart, good or evil, fighter or ranger, charming or repulsive, gambler or trader, spellcaster or technologist, and their combinations. Even the most trivial side quest can have numerous solutions and outcomes depending on your character build and your choices. I especially recommend a persuasion master, and an unintelligent character (IN<5) for their unique dialogue lines.The only major flaw I can think of is the combat system, which consists of picking your ""attack"", be it melee, a damage dealing spell, or a ranged weapon, and your target. You don't have to worry about positioning, line of sight, or enemies which require a different approach. Perhaps some tactical depth and higher difficulty could make Arcanum the absolute best isometric RPG. You won't care about light penalties or range penalties after a certain point, and combat will become a chore.It's still amazing at everything else I can think of, and it totally deserves its praise."
,Recommended,500810,29001182,Posted: 4 January,all,SeekerOfSouls,"Arcanum.  Arcanum is a FANTASTIC title and should be sought out by players who enjoy Crpgs. Long story short, did you play Fallout 1 + 2 and really enjoy them, but haven't played Arcanum? Then get Arcanum NOW! Earliest memories of this game was back when I was around 12-13 years old, watching my sister and dad play it, and eventually myself. We each had our own saves and we poured HUNDREDS of hours, easily between the three of us, into this game.The style of the game, dialogue, lore, the choices you can make, the freedom, and a world that has a growing rift between technology and magic (magick as its referred to) was just so fresh back in the day. A great ""classless"" leveling system allows you to create a character based on your playstyle, allowing you to progress through the game and interacting with npcs, the way YOU want to. Currently running an Evil Sorcerer (where as I was a goody Holy Knight who fancies a revolver as well) and NPCs react SO much differently than they did in my previous walkthrough, and some merchants comment my magical power...gunsmiths and armorers sometimes REFUSE to give me service, afraid I'm going to blow up their shop and stock! Even story quest NPCs, which some I ended up murdering for being so ""out of place"". Would that just end the story, NOPE, lets just say...that being a Sorcerer, I can ""pull"" them back for a bit and get what I need to progress through the story.Of course you have various side quests that can have various outcomes as well. I actually read a review stating that you have to ""slowly"" level to even do the most basic side quests. This claim is false. Yes there are side quests as well as the main story that can be harder to complete at a lower level, but thats how the game is...it gradually increases difficulty. The most ""basic"" side/main story quests can be completed at low levels...even lvl 1 which you won't be at for long anyway.Unfortunately, there are bugs present now given the game is being ran on modern systems, unless you're using a mircrowave pc given today's standards. There are some unofficial fan base patches that are MANDATORY for the game's successful launch on modern pcs. Look up Drog's Unofficial Arcanum Patch, as this is the one you need primarily. If you choose the run the game without mandatory patches, or fail to install them correctly, don't blame the game for having issues running on a modern pc and you being incapable. The game runs, as proven by my 40hrs logged.The combat honestly could've been better. Stiff animations and rather dull after awhile. Especially spell casting...you just stand there regardless of the spell. I do enjoy that they have the option for real time or turn base combat. Customization is ""great"", but visually...not so much. There isn't much depth for visual customization, but there is plenty of character customization.I play a wide variety of games, but honestly, Arcanum has by far brought me the most enjoyment...solidifying the fact that a great game doesn't need amazing graphics, certain game modes, ♥♥♥♥ ton of crazy features, etc etc. Arcanum has just...done it right for me. Sometimes people ask me for my favorite movie, which I answer without hesitation. As for game...I really haven't had an answer for it. Till I found this on Steam and RUSHED right to it, having played through it and just sparking up some really great memories. No other game has really brought me that kind of joy in a long time, if not, ever. The world is immersive and I easily see myself playing it on and off in the future. I finally decided that my favorite game is Arcanum. I actually save old PC boxes from back in the day, well I dug it out, and now have it placed on my wall shelf for display.Despite some negatives, which are easily overlooked and minor, this game is remarkable for what it is and what it offers the player. Arcanum truely is a fantastic game which deserves a spot in your library10/10"
76561198037478202,Recommended,500810,28844132,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Uber Muscular Fluff Champion,"Saw a wolf, decided to attack it. Missed 17 times, slipped and fell unconcious. This game is great."
76561198017346325,Recommended,500810,25363542,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,INGSOC,"One of the best game in it's time. After this game came out in 2001 I still play it from time to time. Try out almost every background, every build I can imagine and still discover something new in every playthrough.It's a shame that this game did not have enough support as it should, even with the official patch there are still a lot of bugs. So you may have to rely on unofficial patches to make it better.Definitely worth the price."
76561197995286548,Recommended,500810,25243730,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Jonnoj,"This game has and probably always will be one of my favourite games.  It's a solid top down point and click RPG that can be played turned based or real time. The game has a lot of depth to it and tons of character. The music, voice acting (the small amount that there is) the characters, the world are all very well done and have stuck with me over the years as one of my favourite worlds to explore and enjoy.This game does have tons of bugs of course, as well as (without spoiling) A VERY un satisfying ending to a rather complex quest line that was uncompleted before release. Also certain combat styles are overpowered and enemies tend to favour melee over magic or guns.All that being said I still come back to this game every couple years and try a different playthrough, to the point where I have the entire game memorized. I highly recommend it to anyone that like planescape, baldurs gate, fallout 1 and 2, even Diablo 1. Keep an open mind as this is of course an old game"
,Recommended,500810,33528125,Posted: 13 July,all,Troy,One of the best RPG's of all time. It's like someone added a sick sense of humour to Diablo. 100% would recommend to anyone who enjoys the genre and enjoys a laugh at obscure jokes.
,Recommended,500810,25258230,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Renkov,"This was a classic game for me. It's a steampunk fallout game that does a lot of things right. Good steam punk games are rare and this one has aged well. No autosaves so you'll have to remember to save often, but the sheer breadth of what you can do is still stunning after all these years."
76561197981310342,Recommended,500810,25337745,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Nodleb nz,This Game is my all time favourite rpg its a 10 out of 10 the only one downside is quite a few gliches but this is made up for by everything else i have played this games through severall times and everytime loved it. save often and enjoy.In my top 3 faves of all time highly reccommended
,Recommended,500810,25682953,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Kisk79,"Had it on disc many years ago, unfortunately I lost it during a move. Definitely one of the greatest RPGs of all time, glad it's on Steam. Only thing I'd recommend is the widescreen mod and a couple of other fixes so it looks good on newer computers, but otherwise there's really nothing that needs to be done to this game."
,Recommended,500810,25251320,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,[LAO] Shady Bitch,"I can not recommend this game enough.I only have so few hours of game time since i already own it from before, and have played it from start to finish more than 10 times.Like many older games, the age of arcanum is starting to get apparent, but as soon as you get into it, it is a fantastic game, with sidequests that are better than the whole MQ from fallout 4.Starting out as an amnesiac after a crash in an airship, the story kicks off with you just trying to get your bearings in the world, and your role in it.The steampunk theme of the game is in my opinion still unsurpassed in both scope and quality, with a really cool clash between magic and industry built into both story and game mechanic.I don't want to spoil anything of the game for you, should you choose to buy it, but if you enjoyed Baldur's Gate, Fallout 1 & 2, or Neverwinter Nights, this game will be right up your alley.The half turn based half real time, press space to pause combat system takes a while to get used to, and like i said before, the game is showing it's age. But if you feel like a slightly clunky combat system never got in the way of you enjoying a masterpiece of an RPG before, get Arcanum. It's #¤&%ing marvelous."
76561197972381192,Recommended,500810,25266332,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,xterrylorakhx,I played this game when it first came out on disc and I absolutely loved it.  It had all the depth and complexity of Baldur's Gate with all the steampunk elements I have always loved.  After all these years it's still lost none of that.  I'd recommend this game to anyone who loves a good story and especially to anyone who loves Steampunk.
76561198054682351,Recommended,500810,31441170,Posted: 29 April,all,Suspicious Activity,"Prior to Steam, I spent so many hours on this. Wonderful story and incredible world building."
76561198007137030,Recommended,500810,33014302,Posted: 29 June,all,Brianis,"I love the mix of magic and tech. Well crafted steam-punky world feels lived in and looks great. The game mechanics definitely harken back to another time but the story and ""vibe"" make it well worth the time spent!"
,Recommended,500810,33821946,Posted: 26 July,all,Easy Pete,"""I'm steampunk now.""- Jordan Peele, after playing this gamePros:+ Characters, quests, and the setting in general are engaging and well thought-out.+The interplay between magic and technologyis integrated into the mechanics in an enjoyable way.+ Unlike other CRPGs made by this dev team, different character builds (technology, magic, stealth, gunplay, etc.) are pretty well-balanced; alotof different approaches are viable.+ Any RPG that lets you play a dwarf gets points in my book.+ Exploration is rewarded; besides barrels of loot, exploring that little side path will often lead you to an interesting sidequest.+ This game does a better job than some others I've played of keeping track of quests and rumors.+ Theoretically, local co-op is possible via LAN, if you can get together a bunch of nerds who would rather set up a switch than just play some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ steampunk homebrew on roll20.Cons:- Windows 10 no longer directly supports the type of graphics card this game was built for; consequently, it lags a lot for a game that, on paper, should be about as resource intensive as a powerpoint slideshow.- The steam download doesn't include the world editor, which is pretty much the main draw of multiplayer.- The auto level-up mechanic is the real hard mode, because it'll blow your points on useless health and fatigue upgrades."
,Recommended,500810,28461664,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Diluted Mind,I loved this game when it came out. and I love it still.
76561197986243156,Recommended,500810,29618359,Posted: 31 January,all,Auron,"I used to play this a long time ago when it came out on CD-ROM. It's a fantastic game with a unique setting. It has a complex and in-depth story. Its style can easily be compared to the original 2 Fallouts or Baldur's Gate. Lots of choices, lots of different paths to take and lots of way to get yourself into trouble as well. Save often, and having multiple save files is not a bad idea because if things go south on you the game can be a bit unforgiving but it's still a blast to play.The character development has tons of different options from how you initially create your character and how you choose to develop them as the game progresses. You will need to make a choice between being technology or magic oriented. It is possible to try a combo of the two, but I never had a ton of success with that others may be able to tell you better formulas for combining them.Bottom line: If you enjoyed the original Baldur's Gate and/or the original 2 Fallouts, there is a good chance you will like this. It runs in the same 3rd person style RPG and you pick up party members along the way. Just keep in mind that it is not the type of game you want to rush through as making fast, rash decisions can get you into trouble if you choose poorly; besides, there is so much in the game to explore. I definitely recommend this if you have an affinity for the older generation games and the good old days when graphics weren't everything and they could compensate for the graphics with amazing content and story!"
,Recommended,500810,28523954,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Gearheart,Spend an hour on character creation.  Get beat up by a couple sewer rats.  Back to character creation.Reminds me of playing Fallout for the first time.  They don't make RPGs like they used to.Check the modding/configuration guides if you have any issues playing on a modern system.  The guide I followed to fix the slowdown issue is on my favorites list.
,Recommended,500810,30690128,Posted: 23 March,all,Taka,"This is one of my favorite games. As soon as I saw it on steam I bought it again. This game does not have the greatest game play, even for as old as it is. The Graphics arn't great either. But I love the story, the amount of fun I've had playing this game can't be expressed properly. The story is great, and the voice acting is pretty good as well. The magic and tech systems, I'm not a huge fan of. But I really like how they handled charisma and beauty as charactaristcs. Honestly it may be nestalgia or Bias, but I'd give this game a 10/10."
76561198215461792,Recommended,500810,25252705,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,rubyismycat,A Great game but warning its hard and u have to think for yourself the game does not hold your hand. I highly recommend this game its got almost infinate replayability.Oh i forgot to mention ive played hundreds of hours of this game in the last 20 years its only new to my steam collection
,Recommended,500810,25257176,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Ciao,"If you're a fan of CRPGs you would be really missing out to skip Arcanum, it's a complete gem."
76561198055545394,Recommended,500810,25246533,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Boško,"Changed to thumbs up cause people somehow feel that this rewiev was not doing arcanum justice.After two fixed applied mentioned in the comments game actually works.Support your local crpg developer I guessEDIT:Please apply the following fix, copy paste into SET LAUNCH OPTIONS-doublebuffer -no3dAlso, please note this is an old game and not actually a port, minimizing the window will cause these issue you had, run the game in windowed mode to avoid thiscredit for above fixes goes to IRONGIANT-ZA"
76561198020322424,Recommended,500810,25243544,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ĻØŴ ƤƦŐƑĩĹĔ,Oh man this take me back to the good old days the very end of the good oold days of pc gaming! This is a must have Im replaying all over now that I have it on steam ;) Buy 1000%
76561198030598611,Recommended,500810,25245468,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,-=WavE=-,One of the best RPG of old times.Absolute golden classic.
76561197990562257,Recommended,500810,31250410,Posted: 19 April,all,BW,"If any game deserves a remake it's this game. It's openworld, with a fantastic story line. It's and old school RPG which means it doesn't hold your hand. You are allowed to roam almost anywhere and you can progress the story line in my directions. It's a classic masterpiece. Old school RPGers will appreicate this game."
76561198202355389,Recommended,500810,25404690,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,baboljoe,"It truly is a flawed gem, with several gamebreaker items, one or two overpowered spells and a handful of general minor issues. But it still is one hell of a gem, few games - and evenv fewer RPGs - gave me as many hours of fun as this one. Definitely a must-play."
,Recommended,500810,25387404,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,omony,"A legendary RPG with a great setting. Used to play for days 10 years ago. Finally I can buy it in Russia. It works under Windows 10! Still lagging, no matter I have 10x more RAM now..Positive sides:1) A very rich world setting. Everything is polished to create a finished picture. Politics, people, books, mysteries - everything is at it's place and very interesting to learn and explore.2) The plot is also interesting. Large side quests and party stories.3) Role Play matters. Persuasion is hard, the dialogs are well-written. Evil and good paths do differ.4) Relatevely large locations (for 2001).5) Great actors (however, few persons have actor voices).6) Legendary music by Ben Houge.7) Fine art, nice sounds, nice design.Negative sides:1) Low resolution. It's almost impossible to play this game today. Wish there would be a remake one day..2) They had some minor bugs with AI."
,Recommended,500810,29559479,Posted: 29 January,all,Niteonites,"This game is nearly 20 years old, and I was really happy with the complexity and depth of the gameplay.I added three basic mods before I played this game. If you're thinking that it's a huge pain in the butt to figure out mods, don't worry, the ones for this game are pretty clear-cut and easily installed.cRPGs were not my cup of tea until recently. I actively avoided isometric games. I love reading, though, and I've been hooked by a few smaller games whose communities strongly suggested Arcanum.They are right -- Arcanum is an incredible game with a steep learning curve. But that curve is part of the fun :-)"
,Recommended,500810,25258080,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Neurotic,One of my top 5 RPGs. Old and rough around the edges today but it's still great. The strings based soundtrack is amazing also.
76561198032538421,Recommended,500810,34491096,Posted: 25 August,all,danielkraham,"First and foremost, there are several ptches and fixes out there. Without installing these, or knowing how to do this, I would recommend not buying this game. That being said, this is by far the most replayable game I have ever played. If you are a fan of isometric, steam-punk, story driven, replayable rpg's, THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU! Every time I have played this game I find something new, a character, weapons, skills, story, etc. There are multiple endings and it is geared for whatever you want to be. Want to be an idiotic master magician ogre? Go for it. What to be an ugly female half-orc bowmen with a fear of technology? Check. Want to be a midget (dwarf, halfling, or gnome) master pick-pocket who is exceptionally good looking? Go for it! You can control and custom equip up to several followers (1-7 depending on charisma) so they can fight for you while you look good. The story is great, and the characters are memorable with several having their own story you can build on. Get this game, you won;t be disappointed!"
,Recommended,500810,28442581,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Failed Political Discourse,"I've played many RPGs in my time; not many of them come near as close to what this is. I've heard of Arcanum in passing before on several video game forums but never garnered enough interest to give it a shot. I'm kind of kicking myself now for not doing so earlier.This is more than just a game, it's an experience. An experience that's been holding every hour of my free time in recent days. From the world building to exploration, dialogue to combat, everything has been crafted so well that I was pleasantly surprised once I had the ball rolling. I wasn't expecting much going into it, many games from the early two-thousands aged rather poorly, but this is like a bottle of scotch. It's a fantastic representation of what RPGs once were, when minute detail and thought went into what the player might experience, when cause and effect actually showed results and didn't shoehorn you into one path. If you make a decision in Arcanun, unless you savescum it's permanent.So far I can't honestly think of anything about this game that I would speak negatively about, I haven't experienced any bugs yet, the difficulty has been challenging, I've been more immersed than I have in years; I keep wanting to continue and see where things go. I highly recommend picking this up if you're an RPG fan."
,Recommended,500810,34804285,Posted: 7 September,all,Ibispi,"IMPORTANT: THE GAME MAY NOT WORK ON THE NEWER WINDOWS OPERATING SYSTEMS!...and is a buggy mess,...and it's got quite a few typos...Otherwise, though, a work of art. A bit rough around the edges, but a work of art nonetheless."
,Recommended,500810,35078602,Posted: 19 September,all,Randy,Like Fallout with magic and steampunk.
76561198086738499,Recommended,500810,26493241,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Nairdowell,"Still own the original PC version of the game and leapt on the chance to buy it on Steam. It's old school graphics and play, but I find it thoroughly enjotable none the less."
,Recommended,500810,32675324,Posted: 23 June,all,Bucket o' Blood,I goaded a constable into stabbing me by telling him he smelled bad.10/10
,Recommended,500810,32060017,Posted: 30 May,all,Ballistic Otter,"I was having trouble getting this to run on my PC due to how old the game is, but when I moved it to my Texas Instruments TI-84 Graphing Calculator it actually worked quite well. I did wind up failing Geometry as a result."
76561197968685348,Recommended,500810,28965959,Posted: 2 January,all,Eddy8888,I always loved this second only to the origional Fallout and Baldurs Gate games. Now that players have patched it and fixed the bugs i think it might even be the best RPG ever made.
,Recommended,500810,25618112,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Just_A_Little_2G,Steampunk Vs Magic in a lot of depth through the story & character building - Great game
76561198039041537,Recommended,500810,28244688,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Ruby Rhod,"This game is amazing, though its old and dated it still tells are great story and gave way to truely amazing RPG elements that we all know and love today."
76561198019484656,Recommended,500810,31924467,Posted: 23 May,all,nightcon20,love this game
76561197961571110,Recommended,500810,28403275,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Shadowlance,"One of the great RPGs from the 90s. The manual alone is 183 pages! Works fine under Win10, you can even tab out without issues. Steam overlay doesn't work though."
,Recommended,500810,27325154,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sigvor,Without fail I will return to this game time after time. It's been over a decade now and Arcanum has never been replicated.
,Recommended,500810,27158914,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,georgecoztanzabaseball.jpg,Old and busted but still worth the time.
,Recommended,500810,27339058,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Youngblood,"My favourite game of all time. Technically, it's deeply flawed, but otherwise it is essentially perfect."
,Recommended,500810,29601756,Posted: 31 January,all,bad luck,best game ever
76561198062777882,Not Recommended,500810,33921508,Posted: 30 July,all,Murrin,"Can't play this game. It crashes at startup back to desk. I haven't found any patches that resolves this, and believe me I've tried. I've got windows 10, 64 bit. Seems incompatible.  The 1.3 hours mentioned above I did play are on my previous computer."
76561197994237361,Recommended,500810,27812762,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zynzolin,I played more than a hundred hours in this game since 2002. It remains my favorite game of all time.
76561198123258008,Recommended,500810,28875789,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,marijan773,I'm still looking for that ore Lloyd....
,Recommended,500810,28806079,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Lambertorix,Just the best rpg ever
,Recommended,500810,27494717,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Doppelganger,YOU NOMINATED THIS GAME FOR:THE “BEST USE OF A FARM ANIMAL” AWARDBrothel  + Cheap player = Sheep
,Recommended,500810,31007838,Posted: 7 April,all,Requiem Arrow,"How unfortunate this game wasn't optimized for better gameplay. While this was one of my all-time favorite rpgs of the time, especially when most games then were very dry and didn't have much depth - this was one that stuck out. While sure it was buggy, there were so many different things you could do on your adventure that rolling a new character was almost more fun than actually reaching the end with one.Running with a gaming laptop (GTX1060 and 32gb ram), the game is chopping, lagging, there is no decent point of framerates that don't jump around or get stuck randomly, and it looks ridiculous in its resolution versus my monitor's. This is still a great game, I just wish I had a slower computer to play it on so that it runs the way it did way back in the day.Oh well, still felt like I had to buy it again, because it was such a great in its day."
76561198033968628,Not Recommended,500810,33091337,Posted: 1 July,all,Lami,"Great game, but virtually unplayable on modern hardware (even with all patches, resolution fixes installed)."
,Not Recommended,500810,28488316,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Gardino,"Arcanum is a great classic.  Seriously one of the best RPGs of the gold age of RPGs.Unfortunately, this version does not appear to be updated at all.  It runs very poorly on my Win10 machine with an AMD graphix card.  The graphics stutter very badly and certain fields on the screen may not update until I mouse over them.  Maybe others are having a better experience on other systems.I'm going to try to get my old copy running on a WinXP vm."
76561198052378216,Not Recommended,500810,34086647,Posted: 7 August,all,That 1 Guy,"This is a great classic game.  But I have tried the fixes, things like the -no3d and the uofficial patch and it still only runs sometimes.  It also still has super lag.  If you have a newer kick♥♥♥♥♥computer then it runs horribly.  I am trying to run it on my less than one year old top of the line Alienware and it is just crap.  If they fixed this it would be a great review, however I am tired of trying everything and everything to make this game better.  I, as a consumer, shouldn't have to have this many issues."
76561198134618195,Recommended,500810,32763182,Posted: 25 June,all,dmanfrosty,this game is ace !!!!! is there a second game
76561198038347183,Recommended,500810,29052943,Posted: 5 January,all,Stilchion,had this years ago and disks got cracked so bought it to play an old fav again
76561197963344069,Recommended,500810,28480449,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Devi Dee,Best RPG ever made
76561198023382444,Recommended,500810,28426080,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,docluedeman,"In short, this game is a rare gem that i loved playing when it first came out and i still enjoy it now"
,Recommended,500810,34446464,Posted: 23 August,all,Ironbug : The Anarchist Hero,"'Fallout' set in an uneasy, pseudo-Victorian world of magic and steam power."
76561198005638907,Recommended,500810,25478919,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Pali,One of the greatesr RPGs even created was the begining of an open worlk concept
76561198077505119,Recommended,500810,31465724,Posted: 30 April,all,Eryies,"<3333 I love this game, it is my childhood <3333"
76561198120443187,Recommended,500810,30225738,Posted: 27 February,all,Milf Hero,"TL:DRHaters gonna hate becuase it's old and they lack the brain power to comprehend the games greatness. People that love it have a history with it. These people see the games potential for a sequal or remastered/remake of the game (with modder support). You will love it if you like games like balder's gate.So I personally Love this game. It has a spot near and dear to my heart. One of the things I tell gamers about myself, when that topic comes along, is Arcanum is one of the greatest games I ever played. Now when you look for the negative reviews on this game you'll find people whining about graphics and it doesn't work. Yeah, game is a bit dated and I say A BIT dated. Though if you can get over that you will find a gem tucked away under years of other old games that were forgotten. I loved this game back in the day becuase it was a game that introduced to AI teammates that would question me for killing a shopkeep becuase that sweet sword he has is 1238 coins more than what I have in my coin purse at the moment. I loved the way I could walk from one destination of the map through the unknown and discover literally the unknown. When I say unknown maybe I should say the long forgotten. HMMMMM! Yes! Mystery.... Places like caves, alters.... and portals to hell itself. I also loved the lore that you discover from all the quests and books (if you don't like reading it's ok. I don't like it eaither. which is why I put the TL:DR.)  I especially love it when I come across a quest about some monster in the woods that always attacks children. ""Oh really, you don't say."" (opens a book I have read before that mentions a monster that lures kids into the forest.) ""Oh sh*t! This is it!"" My MOST FAORITE PART is relations and relationships. You can get into them with certain characters. I was roughly thirteen when I first laid hands on this game. That faid to black scene was the greatest moment of my young life. So unexpected. Anyways.... Now though, my love for the game is the history we had together and the love for the Idea of what it could be. Yeah some modders got together in the ealy 2000s to mod it. But really those mods all just scratch the potential for what Arcanum could really be if it was remaid or continued through a sequal. Anywyas, nostalgia and the idea of a future for it 10/10. Give her a go and you might find adventure!!!! (fade to black)"
,Recommended,500810,32967773,Posted: 28 June,all,Cocohen,Pretty awesome game
76561198118870354,Recommended,500810,34685156,Posted: 2 September,all,e1herne1,"даже спустя столько лет, этот шедевр не потерял актуальность"
76561198039639247,Recommended,500810,28394853,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dikstra,Best Rpg ever
76561198114370410,Not Recommended,500810,28141652,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,magron_starr,i quite enjoyed this game years ago was surprised to see it available on steam so i installed on both my win7 and win10 systems and the graphics are quite simply constantly corrupting and makes the game unplayable  i cant recomend anyone bother with it which is a shame it was an enjoyable game all in all  fix the graphics issues and i can recomend it again
,Recommended,500810,25270449,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Aporpheus,Great game 10/10Not as good as other activision games like HearthstoneBut still great reading simulator
76561198166620870,Not Recommended,500810,25860200,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"It's a Crpg made by a few of the guys who worked on Fallout 1 & 2 including Tim Cain! Arcanum features spectacular story-writing, unprecedented freedom and an engaging world which offers a truly unique experience til this day.Unfortunately, Arcanum was and still is poorly optimized which only hinders this experience for me. Low framerates (despite my  decently powerfulpc wirth a 980ti), simply because it wasn't coded right. Gave me headaches.I understand why the game recieves amazing reviews on Steam, welcoming Troika's forst game to Steam with open arms. However, these reviews are based on the nostalgic experience of the game and I feel those reviews don't fairly represent this version.Other problems include the horrible U.I which takes alot of time to get used to and an atrocious waypoint system. The combat is not as great as Fallout or Baldurs Gate either.Please understand, I'm not trying to bash this game. It's a unique take on the Crpg formula. It has alot to offer and it's beautiful but I must speak out on this dreadful port. It's no wonder the community is asking for a remake. The fact that this version is getting great reviews is pretty ridiculous.... all because people can't take off their nostalgia goggles which are blinding them. If we keep supporting crap ports, we'll only continue to get crap ports.Don't buy the Steam version. Yes, I know the fanboys will downvote this but it won't change the truth of my review. I'm afraid the facts are real, time to deal."
76561198040772591,Not Recommended,500810,28220460,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,MrMarzipan,"I got excited about this game coming onto Steam, having played BG, BG II, and all that type of crpg. and woo steampunk!Out of the 4.6 hours I have played, I have spent about 4 hours trying to fix elements of the game to make it playable.After researching and finding and applying mods (and then fixes/workarounds for running it in Windows 10, or non-800x600 resolution) and then finding the .dll files etc.  I still found that I couldn't even buy things in shops, because the shop scroll arrows are bugged out and I have now given up.Not just that, but random crashing, the combat system, navigating the separate screens; so much stuff is a royal pain in the proverbials with this game.Getting it to work feels like work and not play. I have requested my refund.Notice how a lot of positive reviews have 0.2hours, 0.6 hours.  These people have consumed many Member Berries.EDIT:My Steam refund did not get approved as I was over the play time limit.Now I have played some more of the game and fixed the inventory scrolling problem (I have disabled scrolling and am using my touchpad), I am starting to enjoy it more"
,Recommended,500810,25647945,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,☮,"I want to have sex with this game's soundtrack.Ben Houge, pump my puѕѕy!"
,Recommended,500810,33143695,Posted: 2 July,all,TheSanta27,Magick.
76561198313212889,Not Recommended,500810,32374604,Posted: 12 June,all,kris,"I purchased this game several months ago and it played fine. I have windows 10. Then suddenly, it crashed.  I hit the launch key, it would go through the motions of launching then bounce back to the initial title/launch screen,  I asked steam for help. No result. I went into the creators of this game's website downloading patches. The game worked for about a week then would not launch again, Lastly, I ran trouble shooter and tried running the game on every older versions of windows possible (in which the game is compatible), This has worked  before on older games. Nothing. So, i have given up on it, It was a waste of $5.00. When this game died, it was past the two weeks and/or 4 hours that Steam allots for a refund. So buyer beware, Much older games have worked on my system fine. If you want to burn $5.00, use a lighter,  That way you do not waste too much of your time,"
,Not Recommended,500810,33002924,Posted: 29 June,all,charanth182,Didn't work on my system was graphically a mess.
76561197977776546,Not Recommended,500810,28637911,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Joe's Vaginal Crab Shack,Great game if you can get it to run smoothly which is impossible. The game has a major memory leak and requires many patches and other work arounds to get it semi-playable up to a point.
76561198035150567,Not Recommended,500810,28904283,Posted: 1 January,all,Brian,"First, despite the lack of time recorded on the game I did finish the game. I couldn't get the game to run with the launcher, so I ran the game itself and that worked.Second, it's not a bad game, but I had too many issues with the game. I didn't try any mods. The game has a lot of bugs and glitches and just lack of proper information. I picked a random character and found myself struggling to do anything at the beginning. You must slowly level up before you can even do the most basic of quests. It's hard to tell exactly what you're supposed to do on most quests. The log usually doesn't show any helpful information. You will have to google several things the first time you play the game. A lot of people seem to play the game a second time, probably because you can't actually figure out the game until you've finished the game. Even after finishing the game it is hard to figure out many things. Why does magic healing not work on a technologist, but a fireball does. The stats on weapons are often clear as mud. I wasted a lot of level up points to learn tech, so I could make stuff I'd just find anyway. I think 20 years in game time went by, but my character is still 20 years old and nothing changes with time. There are lots of other small issues I have with the game that I won't get into.So finally to sum it all up, it's an okay game, lots of potential, but unless they remake the game I just can't recommend this one."
76561198046675266,Recommended,500810,28472302,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Dustin,"An amazing game like Diablo mixed in with some WW1 weapons/elements!Very challenging and fun, couldn't figure out how to get past the pack of wolves though even with a handgun...If you're a classic Diablo fan give this game a go!9/10"
76561198187530533,Not Recommended,500810,33591852,Posted: 16 July,all,mike.hale819,unplayably glitchy
76561198031190155,Not Recommended,500810,32622822,Posted: 21 June,all,Zenuge,"Well, I know this is gonna garner hate, but it's about time I said something.Older games like Arcanum may be lauded as underrated forgotten classics, which it may well be, but I don't think I'll ever find out personally. The reason for this is that the simple acting of moving, looting, and doing basic rpg things in this game are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥This along with System Shock 2 are the few games under my ""i believe you when you tell me it's a classic"", but I'll never finish it category. For having the basic sin of be almost anti-player friendly. In fallout you can move across a map quickly and easily, even in Baldur's gate gate and IWD with a party of six, you can manage without much trouble. In Arcanum just looting around the airship is a lesson in tedium.So, that's about it. There's a reasons some forgotten classics remained that way, like a really pretty dress from 1925 with awkward zippers that like two people know how to correctly fit into."
76561197972381330,Not Recommended,500810,25276997,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Toretto,"Why release a game that is basically unplayable on modern systems?  It is 2016, optimize the game.  At least make it playable, adding widescreen resolution function would be nice as well.  Lags horribly on my system so I am going to go serach for fanmade fixes but I could have just downloaded it for free if I was going to do that.Otherwise, a great game that I grew up playing."
,Not Recommended,500810,30065353,Posted: 20 February,all,Baltez,"/TLDR: So is Arcanum a good game? No absolutely not! The gameplay is mostly dusty and old and had a lot of faults even when it came out, BUT: If you can overlook such faults or live with them about 40-100 hours then you can experience a very special handcrafted high-fantasy/steampunk-World with an elaborately told story!But should you?Short answer is: No, unless you are an avid reader and the story and atmosphere is atleast two to four times more important to you than gameplay, graphics and a bugfree experience. This game is really just for hardcore classic-isometric-rpg-gamefans(from the 90ties) or bookworms with thick nerves.Still a better ending than Mass Effect 3! :TLDR/The game takes itself pretty serious but if you really delve into it you see the budget constraints in every corner, even in areas of story and atmosphere.-most companions aren't really fleshed out and only a couple have a quest according to them which you could miss doing because you didn't know you had to take that special char with you(but it gives you a reason to play it again, which you shouldn't).-most subquests are pretty well written but rather short. There are only a handful that take you to more than 1 or 2 locations aside from the mainquestline(which is pretty good).+The newspaper system is pretty unique and surprisingly well integrated in the game! Why don't we have this in other titles as well?!?+The writing is superb in almost all aspects! The best part is that even your journal depends on the type of character you have, as in dumb or inteligent).-The journal and interface are pretty but not handy, there are not enough shortkeys to actions, the journal is a mess to handle and without a manual you can't even look it up on the pc because alt-tabbing doesn't work with the graphicsengine.-The combat is a joke and either unbeatable or hilariously easy if you don't mind that many companions die in many situations because there is no NPC-AI that works in this game, just play on easy. Even Baldur's Gate had a better combat system(which was horrible).+Character creation is for one very easy and also very versatile(without a good avatar-customization).+Choices are mostly open and great incorporated and there are many secrets to uncover, but sadly you are discouraged because of the gameplay.Protips:-Install the Unofficial Patch-Install the Levelcap remover(don't forget to move a file to arcanums folder, or you get a crash every time you reach level 50/51)-don't alt-tab or try using windowed mode-Learn Teleport even if you're a Technofan-Save alot and look up a guide after you have done a quest to find out if you missed something important which could brake another quest or if you didn't like your choice.-All Inns have safecontainers afaik. Inventory is a hassle.-Search for Virgil Cheat"
76561198030917293,Not Recommended,500810,28259617,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,zdaytonaroadster,"while it was fun to play in the past, steam has done nothing to upgrade this for the modern era. Game will not work on widescreen, making it difficult to play. There is a widescreen mod for it, but several people can not get it to function, one being myself. No autosave in the game, so if you play, expect to lose hours at a time on death. Yes you can manualy save of course.I played this a ton when it was first released. Beat it several times. The main plot is great. The combat system is best played on turn based, but you do have options for normal time."
76561198051091750,Not Recommended,500810,26167655,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,SURGE HARD,DOESNT WORK
,Not Recommended,500810,26625175,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,FU Karnaux,To buggy to be enjoyable
,Not Recommended,500810,25565675,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,irgesh,не шорошая игра нот гуд
76561198008711816,Not Recommended,500810,33820601,Posted: 26 July,all,dstrelek,"Garbage...utter crap.I wanted to like this game. It sounded intriguing. Player reviews ramped it up. So I buy it, start it. My sad, 84 minute epic is as follows:-Ship crashes-Search wreckage for items-Meet dude who will most likely be my lead into the story-Explore, get attacked by wolves (or something similar)-Try to fight back. Attacks NEVER hit, not even once.-Get dead, try over...multiple times-Then, main quest dude gets killed, and I get killed again, because I can't HIT ANYTHING.Get fed up with crap game, chalk it up to a complete waste of time, uninstall, and move along, thankful that I only paid a meager sum for this piece of crap.Now I get that I probably did something wrong in building my character. But if that's the case, then the damn game is too limited in scope if it's forcing me to build a certain way to play the game. It sounds like it has a great story, but sadly I'll have to pass, because that♥♥♥♥♥♥beginning has left a sour taste in my mouth, and I just can't be bothered with it anymore. If I could uninstall it from my steam library, I would.May you have better luck than me if you buy this thing. But I can't recommend it."
76561198329160383,Not Recommended,500810,26639691,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ReeseyRawr,"This game was a waste of my time and money. For the pricetag, I was hoping for greater graphics quality and I am left disappointed and out six bucks."
,Recommended,500810,30392268,Posted: 8 March,all,Soviet Overkill,"It's a great game, the best game. It's pretty much the only game that will scratch that Fantasy/Steampunk itch, if you have one. It's a wee bit annoying to get started up at first, as you need a LOT of patches to get it to work correctly, but it's a good game once you've got it working."
,Recommended,500810,27895159,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,( i ) EL TOPO,"This game was one of the highlights of my gaming youth... all of the good gameplay of games like Baldur's Gate - but with a unique and interesting Steampunk theme. I don't know how many hours I spent on this in my teen years, but I know I'll eventually spend a lot more on this new version.Only one  complaint: it is impossible at the moment to play this game in a window and with the right resolution without using mods. I personally cant stand using mods, but for some people this might not be a problem. I also hear it doesn't run that great on Windows 10 but since I don't have it, I can only speak for Windows 7 users.Definitely worth buying at full price."
76561198035381394,Recommended,500810,27650575,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Knyghte,"I spent so much time playing this game back when it first released. The soundtrack is phenomenal, the character design is fun, and the game play is top notch."
76561198032071043,Recommended,500810,27547536,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The King Slayer,"A fun old school RPG.  I've always loved this game and recently bought it to add to my Steam collection.  The creeping displacement of magic by technology is a great dynamic.  The main plot line constantly kept me guessing and the various dialogue trees had some poignant, as well as hilarious, options.  Make sure you play through once as a character with low intelligence."
,Recommended,500810,27582003,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rueya,"I have extremely fond memories of playing Arcanum. This is a gem that truly stands the test of time, set in a world where magick and technology coexist. Character progression is very interesting where you are barely limited by your actions. You can be a thief and loot an armor store in the dark of night to obtain better equiptment. Oh but the armor chest is locked? Just pickpocket the key from the owners pockets when he is fast asleep which increases your chances of succeeding! Soundtrack has a nice violin melancholic feel to it, made fitting in a world consumed by an industrial and technological revolution that is hellbent in suppressing magic users. Without giving any spoilers, the main quest is refreshing and the subquests intriguing at best with tons of alternative options to choose from. To top it off, theres a good modding community-following for Arcanum as well by the folks over at Terra-Arcanum who has done some amazing job like unnoficial patches, higher resolution fixes, and others. Highly recommended to check it out!"
,Recommended,500810,27474764,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pts Raymond,A underrated yet great game which is an old favorite of mine when i first got into gaming. Alot of room for customising your character and if you dont mind playing old school RPG's like the original Fallouts then this game is a must try.
76561198006811318,Recommended,500810,27676203,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gotrek,Perhaps the best and addicting part of the game is the character creation. Then starting out and getting those levels to mold that character. Then you keep wanting to play more and more until you end up beating it and trying for 100%. Tim Cain is a wizard. Troika was an excellent group and wish they would reunite for a project or even a remaster of this game in some way. One of the absolute best character creation models and designs.
76561198076428596,Recommended,500810,27636771,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Werezerg,"An amazing game!I have played a LOT of games in my life, but this one is the best in the following categories:+ best story:not your average ""hero saves the world"" thing, includes a lot of twists+ most interesting world:magic and technology exist both and oppose each other. both are exciting and awesome! you can discover powerful evil magic or incredible ancient technology in this world! orcs, dwarfs, elfs and humans struggle to find a place in the industrial revolution.+ i never saw better written dialogs+ an rpg which actually offers intersting and legit peaceful solutions through persuasion! unique!+ not the best, but still awesome music!sadly a few weak points are important to mention too:- old graphics that become decent with some modding efforts- boring and rather unbalanced fights- buggy if you do not mod it, with mods its not bug free but okI recommend this game to everyone looking for an RPG which is not focused on fighting!"
76561198032195890,Recommended,500810,27661122,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FatMattPlays,"Takes me back, what a game, so much to do!. wish they would bring out Arcanum 2!!!! :D"
76561198054332805,Recommended,500810,28575702,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Lewt,"I actually played this game as a kid, Never finished it, lost the disc lo and behold gaben delievers. Great game, lots of interesting content to find and doand by no means does it hold your hand all the way through.You will die to a level 1 sewer rat if you don't take your time.If you're having trouble running the game properly there are a couple of guides on steam to fix that.Most people (certain morons) don't understand that playing game a thats 10 years or older will have running issues on big beefy computers."
,Recommended,500810,27918519,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lane,"Arcanum is a truly unique gem of its time, and is still one of my favorite games to play 10 years later after playing it for the first time. This is one of the first open world games before Oblivion, Fallout III, and GTA III. This is one of the few games that captures the essense of D&D while putting its own twist in the mix without breaking the immersion to the experience. The lore is rich, and the attributes matter. If you only have 1 Charisma you will speak broken English, and the NPCs will riducule you. I can not speak highly enough of this game, and I've spent hundreds of hours playing the disc version. I'm so happy Steam finally added this masterpiece!"
76561197970866021,Recommended,500810,28677234,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,dib,One of the best RPGs ever made and with possibly the coolest setting seen in any game. If you liked the classic Fallout games you'll probably love this game.
76561198132713747,Recommended,500810,33575419,Posted: 15 July,all,Shawnaster,Pro:Classic game. Highly player-driven and very replayable. It has a good system to develop characters as well.Con:As an older game it is a basic graphics and that may turn some people off.
