user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,501300,32383312,Posted: 13 June,all,Chmewy,"Let me say something before anything else.... This game was honestly amazing and mind blowing. I love playing games like this and this is a great example why. The story is very deep and in a way, you really do care about it. I dont want to write a whole review about the game because you simply need to just play it. If you really want, you could refund the game and get your money back, but in my eyes, this game went above and beyond and it stays in my library so I can play it again."
,Recommended,501300,32713266,Posted: 23 June,all,Vince,"This is one of those games that is filled with artistic value and an intriguing story. I found myself drawn in quite quickly and even though it was a very short game, it didnt feel that way as I progressed. I believe it was created by people who truly love storytelling and the industry arts. You move through a house full of secrets and memories while enjoying varied gameplay mechanics and pieces of the story behind the Finch family.+ Fully narrated with voice over which I love in a game like this.+ Beautiful art design.+ A story that makes you think deeply.+ I felt the value was present from start to finish.+ Game mechanics are fun and intuitive. There was no hassle or break in immersion.- A little short- A little pricey (I felt it was worth it by the end though)I would highly recommend this to my friends.Well done devs!"
76561198058652983,Recommended,501300,32325096,Posted: 10 June,all,MeatyNoodle,"It's hard to find words to describe this game. It's gobsmacking. There are very few games that make me stop just to put a hand to my mouth and ssay ""Oh my God"". But this is one of them. The story was incredible, and I found myself playing it all in one sitting.It's quite short, but don't let that put you off. It's the perfect length for what it is, any longer, it would have dragged on, any shorter, it would have seem rushed. It's perfect, and I have nothing negative to say.Just play it."
,Recommended,501300,31673213,Posted: 10 May,all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 8.6 / 10Quality9/10High quality, but lacks a few standard featuresPerformance10/10Runs flawless; No bugs or crashes experiencedUtility8/10No Linux or Mac support; No Steam cloud saveControls9/10Well responding controls; Full controller supportGameplay8/10A slow paced, story-driven walking simulatorChallengeN/ANo challenge, it's all about experiencing the storyContent7/10Unfortunately very short (2-3h); Few replayabilityDiversity8/10Original story presentation with varying styleImmersion9/10Enchanting narrative and frequent plot twistsDesign8.8/10Beautifully visualized, emotional interactive taleVisuals9/10Sophisticated, artistic design and pretty graphicsSound8/10Well done voice overs (English) & SFX, few musicTexts10/10Perfect presentation of a melancholic short storyMapping9/10Linear, but versatile trip through an odd houseInterface8/10Nice, but the subtitles are suboptimal if localizedTested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitAMD FX-8350, 8 x 4.03 GHzMSI GTX 1080 (8GB DDR5)16GB DDR3 RAM; Samsung SSDController: Microsoft Xbox 360Settings:Low,Normal,High, UltraIf you liked this review check out mycurator pageorarchiveand see how other games scored!"
,Recommended,501300,31371467,Posted: 26 April,all,Rainer,"What the hell is this game, you may ask?Let me try to answer this the following way. It is something special, so it deserves an unusual approach:-	First person exploration, story driven, surreal and weird…-	Brilliant alternative gameplay concept and ideas… (play an interactive comic, control several animals, etc.)-	Breathtakingly beautiful, detailed setting/graphics… (exception: the sky isn’t done well)-	Excellent music, sound, narration and story...-	Duration: 3 hours to get 100% (…couldn’t stop playing till I got 100%...)Impressions: It is so creative, intense, disturbing, touching and wonderful how you experience things in this game. You will be confronted with death, a lot. Each of the deaths are done interestingly, and often take you by surprise, and it's a game about loss, heartache, and happiness. It's a rollercoaster, but well handled.Never experienced something like this before! 10/10 (personal opinion, as this is my favorite genre)"
,Recommended,501300,33660269,Posted: 19 July,all,Dᴇsʜɪᴍᴀʀᴜ,"An interesting game- This game is like a set of stories in a main history , the main character is Edith Finch  . A girl who comes back to her old house in the state of Washington in the US  to try to research the strange histories that happened in the house to her family members .- As i said it  is like a set of stories because every bedroom has an interesting history that catches you   about what happened with the the owner of the bedroom as  main character of the small history  .- The gameplay is easy and simple , walk Interact with the environment  and explore .- The graphics are really beautiful and same is  the soundtrack .- The only bad is this game is short but it  is worth .- I recommend this game"
,Recommended,501300,31487350,Posted: 1 May,all,Gatsu,"What Remains of Edith Finch tells the story of Finch family. You play as Edith returning to her old house and finding out what exactly happened to everyone. The game tells the stories in a beautifully fantastic way and I'd say it is a piece of art. Playing this gave me quite a lot of feels, because it is sad and heartbreaking as you slowly learn more of the family.Finishing it doesn't take very long, from 2h+ depending on the player. All you mostly do is walk around and exploring objects, aka one of those ""walking simulators"". Those who love story rich experiences I recommend to play this and see what remains of Edith, but for some the price might be too high considering that it's not a very long game and might not have much replay value (again depends on each player). I think though, that it doesn't matter because WRoEF is such a good game."
,Recommended,501300,31666017,Posted: 10 May,all,VoizeRick,Life is shortLove your family more10/10
,Recommended,501300,31935618,Posted: 24 May,all,KillingArts,"What Remains Of Edith Finch is a fantastic game. Yes, it's one of those walking simulators. But it is also one of those games, that will keep you thinking afterwards about what you just experienced for quite a while. It is unique, creative, beautiful. I see it easily at the very top of the genre together with games like Firewatch, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter and others. At times it is sad, at others it is delightful. Often it's both at the same time. When it is at its peak, it very effectively mixes the strong, melancholic narrative with gameplay in a way, that at its core reminds me of Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons. It's these moments that are the strongest ones. It may just be a linear walking simulator, but the fact that you are in control, that you have to execute the motions of the character right before fate takes its course, shows how effective games can be be in transmitting emotions to the player. Maybe in some cases more so than movies.9/10"
76561198022815006,Recommended,501300,31798503,Posted: 16 May,all,rtwjunkie,"I'm writing this in tears right now.  The entire game is a slow-motion up and down of emotions.  The writing and the narration delivery are some of the best in a game.  By the end, I was so spent, I cried, and I'm not afraid to admit that.This is a very beautiful game.  The house is so perfect. I literally felt as if I was in a house well-lived in by many generations.  The amount of interactions with objects was perfect, and mouse motion needed to interact with and move things was intuitive.  The small details of people's lives left in a house were perfectly done.Every story of a family member was done differently, and they immersed me in each one.  You become invested in this family's history and touching stories which bring a smile, a laugh, or a tear.  This is well worth the money.  You can't judge this one on length, rather evaluate it on content."
,Recommended,501300,31452516,Posted: 29 April,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"WhileWhat Remains of Edith Finchwas probably the best walking simulator I've played this year - but hang on - take all that 'GOTY' nonsense with a grain of salt.The story, narration, and house detail was remarkable. Outstanding really. But at the end of the dayit isa walking simulator with no fail state, which kind of dampens its potentcy as a 'game'.Essentially, you are on a journey to understand the history of the Finch family.It's quite epic. Honestly, it's one of the better video game stories I've experienced in a good while. Quirky, and kind of brutal. For a while I wasn't sure I liked how dark and brutal it was, but in the end it worked for the story and not against it. The ending was 'meh', in my opinion.Pros:+Story was definitely unique, and quite well done+Narration was top-notch+The level of detail in the world was surreal; the house felt very realCons:-I mean it's a walking simulator with no fail state; there is very little 'game', and while I like this genre just as much as the next guy, it's one step from being a visual novel-Twenty bones must be the standard fair for quality walking simulators these days, but I finished this bad boy in 2 hours which is kind of sad (yeah I could replay, but there is little motivation given to do so)While I don't buy into all that 'this is GOTY material', I think the story is great and it was fun.I'd definitely play this, but get it on sale if possible."
,Recommended,501300,32067979,Posted: 30 May,all,Xmeagol [ZF],I'm going to hug my mother
,Recommended,501300,34517442,Posted: 26 August,all,Gargaj,Gutpunched me like no game has before. This is what I want the future of games to be like.
,Recommended,501300,32204714,Posted: 5 June,all,MaLex,"...first time, i´ve wept after a game.No more words..."
76561198045749626,Not Recommended,501300,33725995,Posted: 22 July,all,haloamted,"This review is only worth something if low FOV's in games makes you sickProbably the strangest review on this site with 16 min of played time. But there is a good reason for it. The FOV is the worst I've ever seen, within the first minute of being able to move around I entered the menu to adjust the FOV but no options were availible.After that I went straight to the forums and found a topic about the FOV on the top, with a developer giving a tip on how to reduce motion sickness, that was to turn on the reticle.The next minutes I walked up to the house with the reticle on before finally quitting the game with no intentions of playing it again, not because I thought it was bad, but because my body would turn on itself if I continued.How developers still, don't include FOV sliders with the knowledge that motion sickness is so extreme, that some players just can't play it due to being physically sick, baffles me. If the argument is 'they only developed the game with this FOV in mind and chaning it would break the game', I say develop a game that doesn't break when you change FOV.So, the thumbs down. Yeah, it does not have anything to do with the gameplay or story, it gets the thumbs down because it litterally makes my body go into red alert and the no care shrugs from a developer."
,Recommended,501300,33700143,Posted: 21 July,all,Pikapool,"Okay, this game is one of the masterpieces, What Remains of Edith Finch is a game focused on a story, an emotional one. In short, its a story of a family, it tells us what happened to them.Story:Its about the Finch Family, and you are one of them. After your mum and nana died, you got a house full of history waiting for you to be explored. At each part of the house, you will experience each member of the Finch Family, some are kinda stupid,, some are funny, while others are sad. Overall, from scale 1 to 10, I give it 8, and for reference I give Telltale's Walking Dead Season 1 & 2 a 9.Graphic & Optimization:Its superb, run flawlessly on my system, got 120 fps on 1080P (i5-6600K, GTX1070, 16GB) had zero stutters and zero crash. For the graphic, check out my screenshots.Gameplay:Gameplay is simple, too simple actually. You only need to explore, move and interact, there is no puzzle. This game is like a movie that has been gamified.Conclusion: I recommend this game, but 20 bucks for 2 hours of gameplay (yes, you can finish the game in 2 hours) is a bit too much. Wait for sale, IMHO the ideal price is about 10-15 bucks."
76561198021551803,Recommended,501300,35185163,Posted: 24 September,all,Sir Faulty,"Bite-sized reviewDeath in the FamilyReview in 30 seconds""What remains of Edith Finch""proves that the gaming medium is as ripe and plump as ever when it comes to touching and engaging storytelling. Exploring the Finch family history and their affinity for losing their mortality well before their prime unfolds like a collection of short stories as you learn about each family member and their tragic demise. It is thanks to studios likeGiant Sparrowthat games like""What remains of Edith Finch""continue to help help cement the cause that as a medium; games can be as touching and bitter-sweet as their novel and movie counterparts.One word to sum up the experienceBitter-sweetSimilar to games""Gone Home"";""Tacoma"";""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"";""Everybody's gone to Rapture""Suitable forAll ages although it does cover the serious topic of one's own mortality so younger viewers/players might need to be briefed.Position in my games of 2017 cleared list5th favoritePerformance/Bug related incidentsNone. Game ran flawlessly @ 60 FPS at 1080/2160 resolutions. Did not experience any bugs or glitches.Ratinghttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=869453048"
76561198168658446,Recommended,501300,32093705,Posted: 31 May,all,BConscience,"Brilliant game, I just finished it and I have salt traces on my face."
,Recommended,501300,31434329,Posted: 29 April,all,Cats In Space,"TL;DR: I really liked this game. Even if you don't like ""walking simulators"" you might like this game since it has a good story.Everything in the game has meaning; every word, every image. Remember in English class when your teacher tried to get you to look for the meaning in a story and you didn't get it? Well, this game is filled with hidden meanings. Being able to actually walk around in a world and experience it rather than read about it makes it so much easier to see the hidden meanings. While the game points out what you need to interact with to continue the story, it doesn't point out anything else.If you're a cryer, you're going to cry at some point in the game. If you're not a cryer, you're going to hold back tears at some point. That doesn't mean this is a story where the writer was thinking how they can make the story as sad as possible. We learn about each family member and experience what it was like to be them. Even though each of these experiences is short, it makes each story feel tragic rather than just a random senseless death.The lighting sets the mood as we enter and explore through the house. The house feels like it's been lived in with the living areas filled with books, family pictures, and other various things. You can imagine what each family member was like, looking through the things they left behind when they died.Despite the tragedies that have afflicted the Finches, this is a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,501300,33980414,Posted: 2 August,all,victorzvyagin,"Yes, I can Admit it - I pirated this before  (couldn't find Demo).When I played it, I realised  I HAD To Purchase  it.Hope that answers whether I would Recommend it."
,Recommended,501300,33531883,Posted: 14 July,all,thesawolf,"From start to finish, this was a remarkable game.The sound, the music choices, the narration, the story, the special narration effects, the graphics.. everything. The synergy between all these aspects help make this one of my favourite games in a long time of playing games.Some may call it a glorified walking sim, but What Remains of Edith Finch is so much more.It grabbed me in and made me a part of the story. Let me see through the eyes of the various characters in wonderfully unique and interactive ways. It was whimsical, somber, enlightening, engrossing, depressing, fanciful and fascinating.Plain and simple, I loved this game and the roller coaster of imagination and feelings it took me on.I don't even need to break down the individual things like Sound, Story, etc.Overall Score: 10/10"
,Recommended,501300,31538645,Posted: 4 May,all,TigerJelly,"What remains of Edith Finch is a beautiful story driven game about the Finch family and what happened to each member. It’s a ‘walking simulator’ but trust me when I say it is one of the best walking simulators you will ever play.Throughout playing this game I constantly commented on how detailed & stunning the game looks, this is truly one of the most beautiful games I have played in a long time and I can’t describe how amazing the detail is alone let alone the story of the game.The story to this game left me overwhelmed and with a tear in my eye this is a piece of art and worthy of an award.Although I say it’s a walking simulator it is VERY interactive through the different stories and that was a great surprise! It is recommended to play with a controller however I did play with a mouse and keyboard so it’s not impossible but I do see why they recommend a controller.I don’t know what else to say I’m not very good at writing reviews but I’m so glad I played this game it is truly stunningly beautiful, If you are someone who is adamant about hating walking simulators then fine don’t play this game but if you are open to trying a phenomenal interactive walking simulator I would 100% recommend this game.10/10Barbara’s story is my favourite :)"
,Recommended,501300,34711174,Posted: 3 September,all,Bodomi,"In the beginning it looks likejust another walking sim, at the end you will be left with your mouth wide open while watching the credits till the very end amazed at what you just experienced.It is a walking simulator,obviously, with an unpredictable, curious, amusing and sad story.The game is linear, it has many unique aspects, from the greatanddifferent art-styles, to the way you actually progress through the game.You explore your family's abandoned house while on a quest to figure out the different fragments of the history of your family, your very...veryunlucky family tree.This is one of the few games that I call interactive art.Mesmerizing soundtrack. Talented and convincing voice acting. Amazingly written story, it progresses in a good way, it is told in the perfect manner and ends even better.There's so much attention to detail in this game, whether you're looking at the giant Finch house or a bottle of detergent on a random shelf you'll notice how talented the developers and art directors are.When a game manages to leave you watching the credits till the very end while you reflect on what just happened, you know you just finished an amazing game.This is a game every one can enjoy."
76561198028934604,Recommended,501300,31616164,Posted: 7 May,all,NotoriousJoker,It's a rewarding experience through a misterious family!It is a simple game with a rich story that kept me going till the very end!
76561198014804341,Recommended,501300,31593065,Posted: 6 May,all,S t e l l a R,What Remains of Edith Finch is a masterpiece.Storytelling and design is trully incredible.This is not just a beautiful walking simulator (i mean REALLY beautiful) it's a top notch visual novel.They set perfect length and pacing for a focused virtual narrative.I still can't believe how detailed every little thing is.As you discover the stories you're starting to feel like you're also a part of the family maybe you even imagine your own story in this.Everyone should play this and we need more games like this.
76561197970426139,Recommended,501300,31406634,Posted: 27 April,all,Toran Blackwater,"This game is a gem!What Remains of Edith Finchtaps deeps into nostalgia and melancholy - like a Wes Anderson film but with less absurdities.It has a quite a bit more game elements than your usual walking simulator (walk, read, listen). While these little games are playful, they're not distracting and they don't feel like some generic mini games but more like a form of narration and part of the story itself. Some felt really fresh and I'm sure they will have an impact on future games.If you like walking simulators in general, then this game is a no-brainer for you.If you're curious about these so callled ""walking simulators"", get it - it's the best of them.If you appreciate artfully crafted games, here's your chance. It is one."
,Recommended,501300,32551191,Posted: 18 June,all,s^1zz^7] Idlewild,"Yes the price could be seen high for 2 hours of ""gameplay"". But I couldn't care less, the story is so intense, you have to play it. There is no excuse"
,Recommended,501300,31773942,Posted: 15 May,all,Ingenue,"I rarely write reviews for games, but this game left an unforgettable impression on me after playing. I couldn't even imagine that walking simulator game can be presented in such a way when it's enjoyable to explore and check every item around you and it isn't boring in process. The architecture of that house is impressive, various rooms are so detailed that they describe their owners at its finest. The house is full of small details which create the feeling that you don't want to leave that cozy room and important details of personal life uncover moments of living people. Attention to details helps to create that atmosphere when you become to feel the same emotions as the characters. The way the story is told is exciting and every story feels like you've gone thought it by yourself. It's difficult to review that game without spoiling things, it's better to experience it by yourself, I can recommend that game if you like to walk around admiring things and dream of something melancholic during the process exploring everything around, this game has a lot of moments to offer for such people. Although the game is quite short and you can complete it in one shot, I still advise it to play just to experience it and be touched by the deep story and amazing sountrack."
,Recommended,501300,31716186,Posted: 12 May,all,AxiomParadox,"A series of short stories with limited interactivity but full emotional impact.Many of the issues the characters have are relatable and realistic.Stunning sound quality and phenomenal voice acting.A short but effective tale of an unfortunate family that transcends the term of ""walking sim"""
76561197970887820,Recommended,501300,31393485,Posted: 27 April,all,Mandrake42,"I waited a few days to write this review as I needed some time to digest it. Hmm, first and foremost, I think that if you hate ""walking sims"" on sight, well, there is nothing to see here, move along.Ok for those who stuck around, this is perhaps my favourite so far. That's probably a little unfair to previous entries, as it isn't that they were bad, it's more that as a narrative experience these things keep evolving.The games tale is about a young woman revisiting her ancesteral home and, via various means, reliving the last moments of past family members. Don't let it being a game about recurring death put you off though, despite being a bit dark, it is by no means bleak. A lot of these stories play out so wonderfully that it's the life behind it that matters. We know the death is inevitable, but most of the time, the game gives enough of a framework of the life that even though you know death is coming, you are still engaged.For me, the key thing that kept me going was the unique way each story was presented, in that the way it was told matched the personality and identity of the character was so well reflected in the way it was presented,  the medium really did become the message. I wish I could explain more clearly what I mean here but to do so would border on spoilers. Ugh, that's so vague and a terrible review of the plot. I hope that if you play it you'll forgive me once you see what I mean.The graphics are good, though there are some fuzzy textures here and there, the whole thing really looks great and the art design nails the feel of an oddly designed house surrounded by barely touched forest. Despite how eccentric the achitecture of the house is, the place feels lived in. It reminds me of Gone Home in this regard and Ive read others comment in the forums about the same vibe. Absurd as the house is, it feels genuinely lived in.Sound and music are also excellent. The music features a recurring melancholy theme that helps link everything together and the ambient sound really helps you feel like you are in an old abandoned house. Not only did the house feel real visually, but I felt like I was hearing it creak and groan around me. The voice work is excellent all round, which is essential given the emotional beats the story is going for. The characters were really bought to life by the voice actors. The voice actor for young Molly, the first story you encounter, really managed to emtionally match the things I was feeling as a player as I went through her story. Everyother story is equally on par.As I said at the start, if you aren't on board for the ""walking sim"" style of game, this isn't going to convince you. For anyone else, this is a great itteration that actually does a lot to show how much can be accomplished with this kind of interactive art. The type of story telling on display here, in a lot of ways, only has the impact it has because you are playing it and therfore become part of it.If any of this has you at all intruiged, give it a shot.Cons: Price.Look, I have been kind of effusive in this review but the fact that it costs $20 for a 2 hour experience can't be ignored. Value is subjective of course, and I don't regret paying full price for this. That said I can see where people would. Despite saying I thought $20 was worth it, that was for me. For you it might not be. If price is an issue, if any of this sounded like something you would enjoy, whack it on your wish list and wait for a sale.Score: 8/10Closure:A delight from an artistic and storytelling perspective. These type of games seem to be buliding on each other and I can't wait to see where they go next. While the gameplay itself is not huge, the way it presents narrative by making you feel part of said narrative touches you deeper than just sitting as a passive observer of say a movie or tv series. I felt Edith's story and I cried for her and the Finches in the closing credits. If art is meant to move you, then we should not dismiss ""walking sims"""
,Recommended,501300,32489602,Posted: 16 June,all,Tobaias,An engaging story with some of the most clever use of mechanics for narrative effect I've ever seen in a video game. What Remains of Edith Finch is a telltale sign of video games really coming into their own as a platform for storytelling.
,Recommended,501300,34321976,Posted: 17 August,all,@Dicky Spanish,"Excellent little interactive story that you will want to finish in one sitting. Not really a game but does not need to be, it has great artwork and some clever alternative ways to tell a moving story. If buying for gameplay I would suggest to give it a miss but for those who love story driven 'games' and don't need a whole lot of gameplay involved then it is a must buy."
76561198006265186,Recommended,501300,31354091,Posted: 25 April,all,romulous,"I like walking simulators - Gone Home, Ethan Carter etc. I loved this one - short (I finished it in about 3.5 hours I suppose, taking my time) - but that is pretty typical for these types of games and isn't an issue for me. The interface reminded me a bit of Ethan Carter (for example, the way the words pop up on the screen), but some of the sequences are quite, ah 'out there' (for want of a better term), when compared to Ethan Carter. Very stable - only encountered three small bugs in my playthrough, very nice story, very pretty looking. Short and sweet really. If you enjoy walking simulators, then you will likely like this."
76561198108537066,Recommended,501300,32860482,Posted: 27 June,all,NameIsMailbox,"Warning to those with potato computers that are close to the minimum...There's a setting called resolution quality that murders potato computers so beware. I got 30fps with it on low. And low is really blurry. My vision is permanently impaired. Still playable though. With the setting on Ultra it looks like real life, to those who have super computers to run that. The story is definitely worth it so don't let lag and graphics stop you fellow peasants from buying the game. I think it's because there's so much detail in everything to the point it's like a real house but with more stuff. So there's lots for the computer to think about.Another problem is the mouse could be a little more sensitive. I only have a little bit of desk space until my mouse runs into my fish tank, and I don't think my fish appreciates me hitting it everytime I have to turn 90 degrees in-game.Other than that there's nothing wrong with it really. It's not too short and you can go back to whatever checkpoint you want after finishing once. Super interactive and everyone is their own character but connected at the same time.It's super deep and tragic.Also, I learned from the credits that this game was made by babies...so that's pretty impressive."
,Recommended,501300,33138483,Posted: 2 July,all,Bassam,Very few games left an impact on me as much as this one did. I'd hate to spoil anything so all I'll say is that you owe it to yourself to experience this game. Worth every penny!
,Recommended,501300,31376869,Posted: 26 April,all,Novinka,I don't want to spoil anything so I just write:Amazing.Beautiful.Sad.Award winning game.
,Recommended,501300,31364662,Posted: 25 April,all,Smithfield,"ENWhat(ever)Remains of Edith Finch:v. 0 -Four quick notes°What Remains of Edith Finch (Finch)is a surreal drama and, among other things, has the following specificity, to the question “So, no happy ending?!” one should reply: ""It's not relevant”. Usually in this vein of games, they mostly rely on a final revelation to put their point across (making me think of The Beginner's Guide), while easily anticipable, game's ending does not necessarily transform all the previous experiences. Shorts given to play make sens on their own. That's something I enjoyed, giving the story thickness and density.° In the set of all similar games, the closer to this one is the famous ""Gone Home"", they have a lot of DNA in common. This being said, I like to think that Finch's format was not inspired by that one. If Gone Home didn't existed we would have had just the same game.° Speaking of Gone Home, I'm noticing how Finch does less, to my eye, in terms of gameplay. Gone Home offers a large quantity of various assets, uncovering them giving you the big picture, shaping a general mood in player's mind. In 'Finch, those assets are nearly non-existent, they are a limited collection of punctual items only exsiting for they are triggers to pure narrative reminiscences — although, to be complete, in several occasions Finch' proves itself capable of going beyond the classic narrative experience (walking s...), nearly engeenering brilliant alternative gameplay ideas. It makes the game incredibily more static, less interactive, not giving enough space, for you to player to create a connection/identification to the unfolding events. Also one of the brilliant traits of Gone Home was that, for most of it, you could freely wander in the house with for direct consequence: A stroyline's made to support broken chronology, and to allow mental process to reassemble pieces together. In comparison Finch is extremely linear, and by the end of the game play session one is sure to have seen all the the stories, details and lore it could possibily offers. That hurts the game somehow.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=912943609° It's a question of taste I guess, but in this deeply layered house (and layered story) authors decided to again and again add drama to drama to drama... if I appreciate bittersweat notes, making them so recurring diminishes their impact and intensity along the playthrough, in a <3h game it's not a detail.I loved the game and I'm not sure why but all along I kept picturing Mia Wasikowska as the narrator and character you play. It reminded me of several similar stories and mood. Chief rememberance being Wes Anderson'sThe Royal Tenenbaums(and pretty much all the creations of Anderson). Also seeLemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events,Stoker, Pixar'sUp.- -Smithfield[/url]cf. Gone Home, Firewatch, Everybody's Gone to the , Among the Sleep"
76561198136219841,Recommended,501300,32236839,Posted: 7 June,all,PreciousPlum,"This is a beautiful game in so many ways. The story, the music and the atmosphere make this a piece of art. The game itself is a level above other 'walking simulators' because it is fast-paced in terms of story development. Each family member's story is revealed in a unique, interactive way, and taps into your emotions. All I can say is buy this game and don't be afraid to pay full price because it is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,501300,33065753,Posted: 30 June,all,66.6%,10/10.
76561198044690427,Not Recommended,501300,33213694,Posted: 3 July,all,Burgee,"To qualify my taste, I would say Ethan Carter and Dear Esther are two of my favorite walking sims - a genre that I really enjoy from time to time.I sat down to play this game with 3 hours set aside and with full intentions of running all the way through it and absorbing every bit that I could - but I got bored and couldn't do it in one sitting.I came back the next night, and had the full intention of finishing hoping that everything would fall into place and wow me, but it just didn't.Sorry to be vague, but I don't want to spoil anything for anyone who does play.I will say though that the story - while very well presented, is weak and shallow and at times just nonsensical. A lot of things are not explained, and a lot of characters aren't developed at all which is bad in a game that's all about learning about people.A lot of intriguing things are alluded to, but none of them are explained.In fact, the game actually stops the most interesting story abrubtly right as it starts to get good, and rushes right into something else completely unrelated, never to revisit this interesting topic that it started to present.If it was $5.00 I would be fine with it. But for $15.00 (steam sale) for less than 2 hours of content - most of which i was wanting to be past so I could 'get to the good stuff' that never came - I don't think it's quite worth it."
,Recommended,501300,31631022,Posted: 8 May,all,peach,I FINISHED THIS GAME IN 3 HOURS AND THEN I DREAMT ABOUT IT SO IT WAS LIKE I GOT TO PLAY IT TWICE.
,Recommended,501300,31470416,Posted: 30 April,all,794,"Why a first person based game would recommend using a controller is beyond me. Plays perfect with mouse and keyboard.Very nice game, I bought this solely based on the fact that it's made by the same team asThe Unfinished Swan, which was an amazing game that I loved.This game definitely surpassed my expectations of what I thought it would be, telling many stories in creative ways. I wish it had come to a little more of a conclusive ending with some more closure, but it was good enough still.Only takes a couple hours to beat, may be more worth your money when it goes on sale."
76561197972327949,Recommended,501300,31739734,Posted: 13 May,all,hankdennemann,"Less of a game and more of a good book that uses video game interactions to draw you into the story more than words ever could. This is a work of art, and well worth the $20.00.  I've never experienced anything like it.  Like Firewatch, the story is not perfect, and you will want more out of the ending.  But you will think about these characters long after you have stopped playing.  They will haunt you in the same way they haunt each other.Go buy it."
,Recommended,501300,31674665,Posted: 10 May,all,BunnyGuy,"What may at first seem to be your average ""walking sim"" quickly turns into one of the most beautifully melancholic, and sometimes outright heartbreaking narratives you'll ever have the pleasure of experiencing.The game puts the player into the shoes of Edith Finch, who is returning to her family home after several years away in order to learn more about her families often tragic past. The player will find themselves exploring what equates to time capsules, as they explore sections of the house long sealed away after the occupants left their walls, with a presentation that makes them feel as though someone truly lived there.The gameplay, while minimalist, is very creative in how the character interacts with the world and the stories within, but never loses its  focus in doing so."
,Recommended,501300,31762022,Posted: 14 May,all,Sire,"What Remains of Edith Finch is an amazing story and the greatest ""walking simulator"" I've had the pleasure to experience, this sets a new bar as to what these types of games should aim for.The game begins with a brief walk to the family house that you have just inherited and learning, via memories and memoirs about the people that once were family. The house is large and built like a puzzle box with several hidden passageways you have to ""find"" and traverse. The house, and game is easy to navigate and getting from A to B is easy and it's almost impossible to get stuck due to the game's linear structure. Puzzle elements are incredibly light and usually involve opening or interacting with something you just saw or experience in a memory. This keeps the pacing perfect, and with the almost frequent narration from Edith herself there's no ""low"" moments of wandering around aimlessly. It's incredible.The art and sound design are absolutely perfect, while you're the only one in the house it feels alive and lived in; with a history it's dying to share. The game also has a very surrealistic element when it comes to the stories, as you hear the stories from several children who let their imaginations run wild. One of the stories, and my favorite, is told via comic book narrated by it's own Crypt Keeper type character.The best part of the game is the writing, the history of the Finch family and it's members are tragic but it's not over the top and all very poignant. Several of the stories will tug at your heartstrings and really make you appreciate the family you have now. It's touching and wonderful.If you're big on ""walking sims"" then get this, because it's the best of the bunch, if you don't care for walking simulators play it anyway or enjoy a let's play of it."
76561198086559643,Recommended,501300,31398846,Posted: 27 April,all,Garlic Bread,"This is my first review on steam.As you may know, Garlic bread usually don't speak.But this game is a visual masterpiece.It's just 2.5 hours long and if it were a movie it'd be oscar worthy.Think of this like you're paying 20$ to watch a stunningly detailed movie.I loved it. There are certain types of people who hate walking simulators.This game is not for them.10/10."
,Recommended,501300,31744987,Posted: 14 May,all,FusselKev | DarkRealm,"The whole game experience first was simply beautiful. And after the stories of the family came to you, you became more and more drawn. Everything was in itself, every room, every story and every corner of the house. But what the game has done is something that only a few games or just stories done to me. The game made me cry just one second. And I'm not talking about the kind of how they are experienced at Life is Strange. For I did not manage to even think about it at all, and I immediately wept.Thank you for this breathtaking story and this beautiful game."
76561198334252379,Recommended,501300,34037030,Posted: 5 August,all,Silky Rough,"Silky: An enchanting experience, second to none.Rough: Watching it end.Edith... Oh EdithI sit here now having just finished ""What Remains of Edith Finch"" and I'm still, I don't know... touched by what I just witnessed.This is a charming story. And it is a story. This is not a game and It can't be a game for reasons that are apparent when you play this not game.Edith Finch ""plays"" linearly, predictably and simply but your emotions, guided by an almost absurd tale about Ediths' rather unlucky family, are taken on a fascinating journey, into nonsensical directions that will one minute leave you grinning with utter delight and the next, anticipating some dreadful outcome. And yet, somehow, it all made sense.. as any good story mightVery few games will leave you watching even the credits with eyes wide open, an enchanted smile and a feeling of sheer and utter delight. This is short but deliciously so.  A glimpse of brilliance in a world of mediocrity. Bravo dev team. Bravo...9.5/10PS: If you lack the ability to wonder, don't bother, you'd never hope to understand.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1101180644"
,Recommended,501300,32587236,Posted: 20 June,all,Ezikyl,"This one's quite a game, and has some very well done controller gimmicks. Each new chapter in the story feels fresh, the game's art style is terriffic and the story is excellent.If you're still on the fence for this one, I highly recommend checking out Super Bunnyhop's video ""An Ode to the Cannery Level from What Remains of Edith Finch."""
,Recommended,501300,31354466,Posted: 25 April,all,⸎peth,"I have no words. This game captured the feeling throughout my dreams that evades relative definition. It's like how hours become days without any contextual meaning to describing spacetime and how words fail to interpret a moment in time the way a photograph can.Always strive to be nicer today than the day previous, there is no impossible."
,Recommended,501300,31467427,Posted: 30 April,all,Kelso,"What Remains of Edith Finch is a game about a lot of things. It's about a mysterious house with locked doors and secret passages; about people being lost to freak accidents, ill intentions and dumb luck; but most importantly, it's a game about family.From the makers of the magnificent game ""The Unfinished Swan"" comes another weird tale where everything isn't quite what it seems. Boasting some gorgeous visuals and a fantastic narrative, What Remains manages to add some much appretiated gameplay to the now tried and tested ""walking simulator"", as many like to call them.With a lot of similarities both to their previous game, as well as to genre staples such as ""Gone Home"" and ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"", Giant Sparrow delivers an experience that I honestly think you should try for yourself, saying much more than I already have will ruin the experience."
,Recommended,501300,31512137,Posted: 2 May,all,Literally The Worst,"What Remains of Edith Finch is a first-person narrative adventure where the player explores the home of the Finch family. The main character, Edith Finch, is the last surviving member of her family and she sets out to explore her old house in hopes of better understanding her relatives. The most unique part of the game are the vignettes each of Edith's family gets. These manifest almost like robust mini-games, with their own mechanics and style, fleshing out each family member. Giant Sparrow's ability to fit so much mechanical diversity is astounding. The nuanced narrative and sheer variety in game play is worth checking out. For more information, check out theVIDEO REVIEW:https://youtu.be/KyKaFp7WBxg"
,Recommended,501300,35026423,Posted: 17 September,all,More Cowbell,"I was shocked at how good this game, or piece of art, was. I've played a lot of story rich games, but this was different. Very creative storytelling. The unique way each story is told is different from anything I've ever seen before. The art style and detailed atmosphere are also breathtakingly beautiful. My only caveat is that it is indeed a short game. Nonetheless, I am excited to see what this team of developers make next."
,Recommended,501300,32695848,Posted: 23 June,all,takin hold of my destiny,not a good game for bird lovers
76561198004693272,Recommended,501300,33047948,Posted: 30 June,all,Chum Joely,"9/10 -- Stunning interactive storytelling, ambitious narrative approach, no gameplay challenge (but that's OK), a few technical issues. Many moments from this game will stick with you.Very brief (2.5 hours) but fantastically inventive,What Remains of Edith Finchis a collection of interactive stories about a family that has been burdened for generations with a mysterious curse. About 10 different stories are bound together by the framing device of 17-year-old Edith's visit to the abandoned house to come to grips with her legacy as the last surviving Finch.To some extent, this is a ""walking simulator"" likeGone Homeand the like, so if you're looking for thrilling gameplay challenges, look elsewhere. What's interesting, though, is how this game ""simulates"" not only walking, but also swinging on a swing, taking photos, flipping through animated flipbooks, playing in the bathtub (as a baby), and even transforming into various animals and monsters in a dream. The most ambitious sequence in the game (Lewis's story-- utterly fascinating) even presents the first-person experience of a mentally-ill teenager slowly retreating into his own interior world as he works a boring shift at the fish cannery. That sequence uses a half-and-half control scheme similar to that ofBrothersto represent the growing split in his own mind. As a result of this ""breadth over depth"" approach, the controls are often a bit clunky, even when you're just walking around as Edith; on several occasions, I had to try four or five times to discover I really could enter that low/narrow doorway, and I lost count of how many times I closed a book or door accidentally because it wasn't clear which way I needed to push/pull. But the game will be patient if you are, and again, it has no fail conditions, so you can take your time and nothing bad will happen. Well, outside of the many bad things that are built into the story itself.Edith Finchwill leave you with plenty to think about, from fascinating imagery (the interactive horror comic, Lewis's hallucinations) to questions about what's really going on behind this story-- what is this curse all about, and what really happened to some of these people (notably Molly and Milton), and what comes after the final cutscene? There's also a subtle but intriguing callback to Giant Sparrow's PlayStation exclusiveThe Unfinished Swanthat left me with some unanswered questions about the world ofEdith Finch. If you've got a quiet evening free and you're in the mood for a slow-paced but fascinating and moving story about one family's struggle with its own madness, I highly recommendWhat Remains of Edith Finch."
,Recommended,501300,31753151,Posted: 14 May,all,OBookman,"This game has soooo many good ideas for future games, the entire concept should become A THING itself, the whole game in game, little flashbacky concept changing style, loved it. My only negative remark about the game is that its short, 3-4 hours and you are done with 100% achievements. No replay value either but it's an amazing little walking simulator or a interractable movie. You liked Vanishing of Ethan Carter and Dear Esther ? You will like this."
76561198008655614,Recommended,501300,31820929,Posted: 18 May,all,Aussie_Style,"**MASTERPIECE**  of digital art and sets a precendent for all future narrative experiences. Absolutly exploits Unreal Engine in a way where genuine and highly skilled creative competenacy overides engine limitations. Take this and just keep following it. Full of REAL inspiration, skill and competenancy. Bold, edgy,intelligent,moving. Unafraid to be wildy surreal. Overflowing with relevance, meaning and social commentary. Great writing, great dialogue, great metaphor!DIVERGENT POST MODERN STORY TELLING- You have NO IDEA where this experience goes- and it is a brilliant display of ""out of box"" thinking capturing the full spectrum of emotional experience and original creativity.A WORD TO ANY FUTURE DEVELOPERS:This is the direction- refine, enhance and keep reinterating and strengening upon this genre. Expand and enchance this. THIS is what real ""gaming"" is all about.Should we all be fortunate, the next 3D engines will further enchance the incredible sense of presence and wild diversity possible with interactive digital experiences. One day in the near future we may all be treated to these sorts of highly realised profoundly moving stories in virtual reality!Unreal Engine has been exploited too its fullest potential and this title demonstrates a new level of maturity and relevance in electronic story telling.The argument for ""limited interactivity"" is completly misguided. There is immense interactivity and in fact this title encompasss many gaming dynamics in one experience. Your concept of what it means for something to be ""interactive"" is warped. Every single moment is interactive!What needs to happen from here- is the next level of realism. Unreal Engine needs to focus on loosing the ""rubber tree"" dynamic and include much more realistic dynamic trees.OUTSTANDING! and a promising step foward into a urgently needed leap into greater maturity, depth and competancy of storytelling and interactive digital experiences.10/10  - We want MORE!SPECS-  GTX 1070 - Win 10-  110 inch high-end Epson projector. Native Instruments Audio 6 and two M-Audio studio monitors."
,Recommended,501300,31478509,Posted: 30 April,all,metal_spider,"Well, that was certainly more intense than an FPS with the highest bodycount you can find.A short 2-hour walking sim? Sure. But evocative as heck.Elements in this remind me most of the novel, House of Leaves by Mark Z. Danielewski. (well, that and the Final Destination franchise.)A definite Yes, if this is the kind of experience you seek.No jumpscares whatsoever, feel free to dive in.---My current rankings for walking simulators that I've played so far:1) What Remains of Edith Finch2) The Stanley Parable3) Gone Home4) The Beginner's Guide5) Firewatch"
,Recommended,501300,31585044,Posted: 6 May,all,Brahlam,"One of the best games I experienced so far. Very intense story with a lot of surprises, incredible emotional and fitting Soundtrack and an enormous love for details. Its short though but definitely worth every cent.Dont think about it just buy it!"
,Recommended,501300,32984946,Posted: 29 June,all,kingbird,"A fantastic example of a ""walking simulator"" done right. Gameplay, production, and sound design are all polished to a mirror sheen, and punctuate a deeply heartfelt and truthful collection of vignettes."
,Not Recommended,501300,33301639,Posted: 5 July,all,Autoimmunity,"This game, like many other ""walking simulators"" (Firewatch, Dear Esther, Gone Home, Ethan Carter, etc) is not for those who are looking for engaging gameplay.  It's just an interactive story.  However, If you're into these kinds of games then you know just how pleasant they can be, immersing you in stories.After finishing Edith Finch, I can honestly say that this game, while interesting, did not end the way I expected.  The game plays almost like a mystery, leading up to the solving or reveal of a secret......that never happens.  Instead, the game ends in a rather cliche way that left me rather dssatisfied, and with many unanswered questions, the most glaring of which is WHAT IS THE CURSE?? It absolutely infuriated me that the developers didn't at least somewhat answer this question, and instead just leaves the player to believe that the Finches are simply the most extraordinariliy unlucky family ever, doomed to untimely deaths regardless of their choices.With all that said, if you're thinking about this game, I would recommend one of the many other great games in this genre first.Also, the story of Gregory is one of the most disturbing things I've ever experienced in all my years of gaming."
76561198086542708,Recommended,501300,31352794,Posted: 25 April,all,UnimaginativeHandle,"This deserves to be a classic of the genre alongside the likes of Dear Esther, Gone Home, Fragments of Him, That Dragon Cancer and my personal favourite, Anatomy by Kittyhorrorshow; the whole way through it has the feeling of developer/s that had a clear vision of the design, of a story they wanted to tell & the mechanisms they wanted to display it with & executing it to a degree that approaches perfection.Normally games with deliberately slow character movement annoy me & take me out of the moment because exploration can often mean long sections of walking in a map that is too big for the pace & this game had me worried in the beginning too, but once you're inside the house, everything about the map design seems thought out, it has a highly curated feel to it where the next thing to do is never very far away, that was the big positive takeaway for me, slow movement done right for a change.The same goes for the variety of task design for the individual characters; the controls in Gregory's story were really the only time that I felt the game got a bit wonky but not enough to sully a beautifully crafted experience.Exceptional."
76561198000088094,Recommended,501300,32941721,Posted: 28 June,all,GOObER,"I'm only about 1/3 of the way into this masterpiece and I am simply amazed. I want to savor it, I want to soak in all the details and not rush through. I want to somehow control my enjoyment of this game like a slow drip from an IV bag ... because it's so beautifully crafted and the story, so wonderful and mysterious, I don't want to miss anything.So I will enjoy it as carefully and yet flagrantly as I can in order to absorb all the clever details. And like a drunkard grasping his last bottle I will wish it never to end."
76561198013763042,Recommended,501300,31763647,Posted: 14 May,all,Grandpa Green,An amazing example of how game designers can use the form to push narrative in a more compelling way. While a short game I was enthralled the entire time. Can't wait to see what these devs do next!
,Recommended,501300,34236736,Posted: 14 August,all,rebelz,"This game contains a interesting story and very beautiful graphics, a short but worthwhile adventure."
,Recommended,501300,31351440,Posted: 24 April,all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,"This is a high quality title right here. A  17 year old on a ferry who gives an account of her story. Then you start off in the woods where you inherited a house. I wont say more.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60tCoodYPFIGame is high quality like gone home, firewatch, vanishing of ethan carter.Certainly in the top 10 of walking sim/exploration game.PositiveBeautiful sceneryGreat voice actingGreat optimizationRuns SmoothGood sound"
,Not Recommended,501300,32404871,Posted: 13 June,all,Spear,"What Remains is a great game that I can't recommend.The gameplay is unique and innovative, with plenty of creative and fun ideas. One minute you're a shark, the next minute you're flying kites through words. The high part is diving into each anecdote and figuring out what the new gimmick is. But that joy quickly fades once you realize at the end of every gameplay segment is just another dead kid.What Remains is an attempt to examine painful family history and the important of finding joy in little things, but never gives you breathing room between tragedies, examining any complexities of trauma or the underlying abuse or neglect that seems to cause a lot of these deaths, or even considering some of the heavier themes it brings up. By the end it's hard to feel anything besides ""here we go again"".  The formula is simple: walk over to the next room, experience whimsical gameplay, witness gruesome death. Lather, rinse, repeat.Maybe you can find something more in this game. But for anyone who has experienced family tragedy, this comes off as an unrealistic and exaggerated story. The real tragedy is the family's neglect and abuse that goes unexamined.9/10 gameplay 4/10 story"
76561197997030136,Recommended,501300,32908701,Posted: 27 June,all,Alysandir,"Distilled to its bare essence, ""What Remains of Edith Finch,"" is a linear walking simulator with simple mini-games to play. If that doesn't sound like your cup of tea, then just stop right here and walk away. This isn't about a getting an adrenalin rush through fighting monsters or enduring through jump scares (there are none of either). Nor is this about challenging your mind with devious puzzles or having to write down copious amounts of information to remember later. I'm afraid I cannot even say there there are really even any meaningful decisions to make that will impact what happens later in the game.Simply put, this is interactive fiction, and one of the best presentations of that genre I've experienced. This is akin to a good book and cup of tea on a rainy Sunday afternoon. If you've played the, ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter,"" and enjoyed it immensely, then I have good news for you: you'll enjoy this one too. It is a story cleverly and compellingly told, full of little mysteries that you piece together as you explore the surreal Finch house and learn of the eclectic - if not supernaturally touched - family that lived there through three generations. This is an almost dreamlike mood piece, full of equal parts whimsy and sadness, that you realize by its very nature is going to be short, yet you can't stop playing because each chapter leaves you wanting more. The first time I played this, I finished it in a single sitting, much to my regret the following morning.The visuals are outstanding, the narration superb, the accompanying music effective, and the pacing adequate. The mini-games, all of which seamless integrate into the storytelling experience, do not require anything of the user except intuition. The game does not preach at you or deliver a heavy-handed message; rather it just encourages you to think about the human experience, what it means to you, and what we leave behind us when we part from this world.I am grateful to have played this and saddened I will never experience it with fresh eyes again."
,Recommended,501300,33105308,Posted: 1 July,all,YøungDogu$*,"Such a great game. Beautifully crafted both visually and story wise. Me being a cinematic gamer, I really like what the game has offered. It was like combination of Gone Home and Virginia to me. Obviously, game is a walking simulator, but unlike most walking simulators you touch stuff and go into dreams and enjoy the scenery and bunch of other weird stuff. There is a thin line between a boring walking simulator and a good one. In my opinion, What Remains of Edith Finch captures it so well, I cannot fathom more. If you are a guy/girl that likes walking simulators and a good story, you wouldn't regret checking out this game.9/10"
,Recommended,501300,31446275,Posted: 29 April,all,olblue,Excellent game.  Would make myself depressed over imaginary unlucky families again.
,Recommended,501300,32961203,Posted: 28 June,all,Vie,"I saw a few glowing reviews of this game online, and it sparked my interest. As someone who loves narrative-driven games, this looked perfect - especially since it was so highly praised. I avoided looking many things about it after that, waiting for the summer sale to hit so I could pick it up. I did, yesterday, and I can say without a doubt that this is likely my GOTY (with Night In The Woods very close behind).The premise of the game is simple: you are Edith Finch, and for unknown reasons, you left your family home years ago. Now, after inheriting it, you've returned to discover your family history, one riddled with mysteries that you were never told about. You enter the house and start snooping through the bedrooms of long-gone relatives, learning how their lives were, and how they ended.It's obvious how much love and care was taken to make every Finch their own person - from the bedroom decorations, music choices, and even handwriting style, it was easy to distinguish one from another. And that's important. As you spend the whole game learning about this family, it's necessary that their stories are engaging. Giant Sparrow have succeeded in that, crafting vividly unique visuals for every person, so my eyes were never bored. I felt completely immersed in this world where a house was its own character, home to a group of idiosyncratic individuals that didn't play by the norms - but were somehow familiar.Though you follow the many tragedies of the Finch family, the game doesn't focus as strongly on their deaths compared to their lives. The message of the game is really about celebrating how short and strange life can be, and memorialising all those who have passed on. You start from the very beginning of the family tree and work your way up, and going through that experience was cathartic, even as someone who can't necessarily relate to many of the issues these characters have faced.Due to the strong connection the game built with me, through its careful use of controls (making me actually use my hand to create the motion of unlatching things, or pushing open doors, wassoimmersive), world building, beautiful narrative, and extremely human message, by the time the end of the game rolled around, I was bawling my eyes out. This game is not very complex in terms of its mechanics - just a linear walking simulator with intuitive controls - but that simplicity helps the twisting narrative of the Finch family shine like a diamond.I highly recommend this experience for anyone who's a fan of strong narrative and characters. Though relatively short, it was completely worth the money, and I will be replaying this every once in awhile just to enter the lives of the Finches again.Thanks for letting me explore this story along with Edith, Giant Sparrow. I'm looking forward to what you create next."
,Recommended,501300,31530938,Posted: 3 May,all,Justin,Is it okay to be 19 and feeling sad and down when playing this game? Inside I just felt so sad and I started gulping trying to keep in my tears.Great Game. Just amazing.
76561198139834613,Recommended,501300,31698268,Posted: 12 May,all,midnightvictoria,"I have wanted a story that I would remember long after I had finished playing it after orginally playing Life is Strange a while back. Tonight, when I played What Remains of Edith Finch, I found just that.It is a walking simulator, there isn't much in the way of challenge, but I was looking for something story rich, which I found.I really enjoyed the mechanics of the game also, it kinda reminded me of a few of my favourite games. I loved how you used the mouse and manipulated it to open doors or turn keys. It was a interesting and fun way to make it more like you had a bit of control over the situation. It also helped immerce me in the story.Even when I knew what was coming, I was still shocked at the twist of how each family member died. *sob* baby Gregory. *gasp* and LewisIf you can get past the fact that it is a walking simulator and take it for its story value, which I feel is very high, then you will enjoy this game."
76561198045768662,Recommended,501300,32964314,Posted: 28 June,all,Hey Man,A beautiful game. A beautiful story. No regrets with this game. Thank you developers for this gift.
,Recommended,501300,32524914,Posted: 17 June,all,Kobra,"I am speechless,,, I was really skeptic to buy it, then when I payed for it I was almost regretting it, then I played it... then it finished... now I have a void in me!  I am speechless, please play it! it is worth the void."
76561197982221546,Recommended,501300,31590928,Posted: 6 May,all,Innidaros,"For fans of games like Firewatch and Gone Home, this is an absolute must play. A beautiful little game that takes you places. It is a game to remember for sure."
76561198374370962,Recommended,501300,33955999,Posted: 1 August,all,Thatguy970,"played it twice just because i could, and will replay it many more times. this game is worth every single penny.10/10 Would cry again"
76561198052248518,Recommended,501300,33192730,Posted: 3 July,all,Wuu,"Couldn't stop playing it :3 game is short but Definitely one of the bests. House design is absolutely stunning fell in love with it. Each character have unique and lovely story. I felt like i am part of this family and shared their pain and joy. And The Credits... that was beautiful i was smiling whole way,every worker behind the game shared their childhood photos was great idea and it went perfect with the story :'). Some games leaves mark on you and you won't ever forget that, this is one of them."
,Recommended,501300,31365487,Posted: 25 April,all,I AKU!,"This is going to be a short review for right now until I get around to making a longer one, but to keep it concise this game is fantastic and it feels like Gone Home and Kentucky Route Zero had a kid with this game having the strengths of both. It's atmospheric and creative as all hell and it has a literary soul that way too few games have, pushing the boundaries what games can do as a narrative. A must play for adventure game fans."
,Recommended,501300,34223323,Posted: 13 August,all,Elizabeth Mills,"A staggering work of unparalleled genius. The companion piece toThe Beginner's Guideas one of the greats of all walking simulators, or possibly even ""all games."" In ten years, we will hold up this game instead ofSilent Hill 2when some cretin claims ""games aren't art""Endlessly inventive and tonally the most perfect enveloping you could ask for. Everything in it is just a masterclass on level design, writing and preformance by the talented cast. I can't recommend this game enough. Just perfect."
76561198218028445,Recommended,501300,32857126,Posted: 27 June,all,moa.amelia,"My heart bleeds at the moment.A touching story, quite short but full of details and sadness.A perfect game if you just want to chill and be amazed.And yes, I will be playing it again.10/10, such a beautiful little piece."
,Recommended,501300,32321116,Posted: 10 June,all,Kirinyale,"As one would expect, at its core, this is another one of these ""walking sim"" games where you slowly explore a place to gradually learn its story (or a number of stories) without doing (or being able to do, for that matter) anything else of note.What one might never expect without trying to learn more about the game before buying it (and getting spoiled in the process), is that, instead of simply telling you the story as you walk around (like Gone Home does), or showing you the stories (like Vanishing Ethan Carter does), it took it to a whole new level by letting youexperiencethem. And it did so brilliantly, showing a lot more imagination than I ever hoped to find.The story is about a ""cursed"" family which had mostly died out by now, and you are finding out how it all happened... Yep, that much you can learn just by reading the game's description. I really can't tell more without huge spoilers, but believe me: this game has some big surprises in store for you.To sum it up,What Remains of Edith Finchcan be described as something of a mix betweenThe Vanishing of Ethan Carter(story-wise; plus, you start in a beautiful forest!) andGone Home(because you are mostly exploring a big house). I loved the first one (mostly for its photorealistic visuals and vast spaces), hated the second (bland, boring, repetitive, predictable and kept talking of issues I couldn't care less about). This one, in my opinion, is an absolute must-play for anyone who likes this genre in the first place. It was short (like almost all such games), but well worth the full price for me."
76561198021256893,Recommended,501300,31872718,Posted: 20 May,all,Jibs Jones,"I am so impressed with this game I am almost at a loss for words. I love big budget games, RPG's, FPS, and more recently, interactive stories. That is the main reason I play games, is for the stories, the worlds the developer builds, the characters to identify with....This game, is so creative, the imagination, the environment..100% Recommended."
76561198073393602,Recommended,501300,31954522,Posted: 25 May,all,dancingburrito,"I had a weird experience with this one.I bought the game and played until the first story. I was super immersed in it but I run into a game breaking bug and had to restart the game. But I didn't do that. Instead I closed the game angrily and asked Steam for a refund.That was yesterday. Today I woke up feeling a strange sense of nostalgia, a gut feeling was telling me to go back to the game, that I wouldn't regret it. And so I bought the game again and played it until the end.Boy oh boy what an experience I almost missed. These were a very special 3 hours, and I will definitely remember them fondly. Thanks for making a game with so much love, and for all the amazing stories."
,Recommended,501300,32034524,Posted: 28 May,all,Jaihyun,"By all means, play this game.Don't hesitate buying it. I know you think this game is expensive for short playtime, around two hours.But, it's worth the money. Even if it cost more than 60 dollars, I will buy it.Personally, this game is much better than other simlar genre like 'Inside', 'LIMBO' and 'The walking dead series'.I was shocked thanks to unique story, brilliant presentation methods, and poetic expressions.I felt like reading novels, not a normal one but a classic masterpiece.Images from this game still lingers in my mind."
76561198169018156,Recommended,501300,31363896,Posted: 25 April,all,Back to the Kitchens,"One of the best I've ever played. Game is very beautiful but the best is ""amount of love"" designers gave to all stories.. it's a pleasure to get known every person. I have many questions in my head, but I love it. Thank you, guys, great job."
76561197999636656,Recommended,501300,35155186,Posted: 23 September,all,asahiorhun,It's one of the best walking simulator I've played so far.
,Not Recommended,501300,34001790,Posted: 3 August,all,Velocifox,"It was good.... I guess.I waited for this game to go on sale and I'm glad I did. It was a good game, yes.. however, I think the reviews may be a bit overrated. Overall I found it a little boring and kinda predictable. Nothng really felt answered in the story, it was all just part of one big ominous curse. Who put the curse on the family? Why? Where? When?The environment was great and I think the team did a great job. But this is not a game I would play again... like, ever again. I do like that it was basically a short story turned into a ""game"", but the interactivity felt jovial and unnecessary.My respect to the developers, artists and designers. I think you made a wonderful game, but if I'm being entirely honest here, I think the game was overall pretty boring. I think there was a lot of room left over for some really unique and refreshing story elements and it didn't really  happen.At the end of this game, I felt like I just kinda read a paragraph's worth of interesting story and feel pretty unsatisifed.This is a rare occurance for me which sparked me to write this review. I think the team did a really good job... but I do not recommend this game for $20. Maybe $10 - $15, simply because I think I would have rather just watched a playthrough of it on YouTube- it would barely be less interactive than this game's incredibly linear path.I'm sorry developers, but this is the truth from this gamer's perspective."
76561197970695975,Not Recommended,501300,33225062,Posted: 4 July,all,Danny_G13,"Edith Finch has been getting rave reviews from critics and player alike, and while I'm not saying they're wrong, it's starting to depress me seeing what now qualifies as 'good' in today's game industry. For me, Finch is a piece of arthouse nonsense masquerading as a game, a game with lots of original ideas and imagination, yes, but absolutely no soul whatsoever and zero payoff either.You're Edith, visiting your childhood home after your mother left you a key. She hasn't been back since she left when she was younger, and now she's 17 and trying to learn the truth about her heritage and why she's literally the last Finch alive.That is a very intriguing synopsis, and the story, told in the form of imaginative flashbacks from each ancestor's point of view, is an original method of spinning a yarn, and the truth is the story is very captivating. You do want to learn the truth, you do want to know what is going on with this family.The problem is that nothing is. There's no twist, no payoff, no moral conclusion, no nothing. Essentially it's a group of ideas cobbled together as a pseudo story, but the complete lack of connection between each and the vacuous ending makes it all worthless.Each tale is brimming with great ideas, but nothing ties them together, nothing gives you a bigger picture, and it feels to me like someone had these original concepts, wanted to put them together in a game, but instead of an astonishing overall piece of storytelling experience you have a group of disparate tales connected by absolutely nothing.The final two flashbacks sum up the game's problems in one.In terms of technical - the game looks shocking. By 2017 standards it's about three years behind, maybe more - Ethan Carter (similarly pretentous arthouse nonsense) looks far superior without even looking at the Redux version. And it runs horrifically in 4K at full settings. The only way to get a playable framerate, even on a 1080Ti, is to reduce the internal render down one or two spots. But even at full it looks miles off good.Gameplay wise, well it's walking and interacting with some objects - but there's no run nor any other functionality beyond an utterly useless zoom function. It really is a walking simulator.But the other failing? The game is ridiculously short. I ran through it in barely two and a half hours and a chunk of that was taken up testing the framerate. It is not worth the money, not in the slightest.Never has a game let me down as badly as this. It promised so much, had my interest, but then when I realised it was basically two minutes long and its ending was emptier than a balloon it truly was a complete disappointment.For me, there's nothing to recommend this game."
,Recommended,501300,32888035,Posted: 27 June,all,GemaYue,"This is a walking simulator. Also a very excellent one with interesting story, very detailed environment and voice acting. Imo the game description is a spoiler, it is more interesting to play this without reading it."
,Recommended,501300,31355890,Posted: 25 April,all,jori,"Just finnished the game and I liked this one a lot.It's a slow paced story/exploration game though it is fully linear so exploration is very limited. The story and the place is what makes it worth it. I played it in one sitting (didn't want to stop!) and it lasted around 3 hours.The game is very well made for what it is. Controls are responsive and smooth on both a controller and mouse and keyboard (I played on a controller but would propably used m&k if I was sitting at a desk). Graphics were very pretty and run well but I would expect so on my monster gpu (gtx1080). It ran at around 80-100 fps fully maxed at 4k resolution though I ended up playing it on my 1080p plasma TV as the darkish scenery and lighting looked much better on a plasma than on IPS. Also, no ultrawide (21:9) support.It's not a scary game so no worries there for anyone. If you think you'll like a well narrated slow paced emotional story with light exploration and game elements, this game is very good. Definately one of the best ""walking simulators"" I've played and worth a try even if you don't like the genre as it doens't stretch itself too long.I could rate this 5/5 as there really isn't any negatives about this game but I'll give it 4/5 as it didn't leave as strong or long lasting impression/memory as something like Firewatch, Portal or Bastion (which are some of my most favourite games)."
,Recommended,501300,31587493,Posted: 6 May,all,Kensai187,"Wow! I have only got into 'walking simulators' this year but this is probably my favorite so far. Everything about it is just perfect - the visuals, the audio, the controls, everything. I played through it in one long sitting but it was still totally worth the money. What a game."
76561197993351243,Recommended,501300,31594480,Posted: 6 May,all,evildrganymede,"What Remains of Edith Finch is short, but perfectly formed. While some disparagingly call this sort of game ""walking simulators"" (including the likes of Dear Esther, Everybody's Gone To The Rapture, and The Vanishing of Ethan Carter) , I prefer to think of them as ""Story Games"" because your involvement is in going around and uncovering what's happened (which is pretty fun). As it is there is a bit of interaction and a few 'mini-game' type things in here too though.But that aside, it's the tale of a young woman who goes back to her (very odd) family home in the Pacific Northwest, and discovers the stories of how all the other members of her family met their demise. It's really well done - at times sad, at times funny, at times whimsical, and at other times tragic. The graphics are beautiful, the soundtrack is really good, and the characters are very well done - all in all it's well worth the purchase and a playthrough to experience it yourself!"
,Recommended,501300,32462880,Posted: 15 June,all,Soran DA☆ZE,"what a nice story, but a little bit sadness. it made me cry when i play this game.this game is like a movie, like a book. i think it is worth buying this game."
,Recommended,501300,32476946,Posted: 16 June,all,VIRUS,"Great game! Even though I finished it in 1 sit it was entertaining for the hours I played it. It is kind of an unique story and gameplay, never seen something like this. I totally recommed it, yet there are things that are difficult to understand because thats the way this game is."
,Recommended,501300,32833005,Posted: 26 June,all,ZombiDJ,All I can say is appreciate everyone around you and live for the day.10/10
,Recommended,501300,33281176,Posted: 5 July,all,The Negative Corner,"What a amazing, atmospheric and beautifuly told story. I wont say anything about the game itself but you just need to play it and surround yourself in its majesty. this game will stay in my libary for a very long time.Well done giant sparrow."
,Recommended,501300,31365677,Posted: 25 April,all,Ragnaor,"Wow.It's amazing how much impact Giant Sparrow has had on me as a person and as a game designer in only two games.What Remains of Edith FInch is a touching and heartfelt surrealistic family drama, to put it simply. It toys around with  different genres, without doing a single mistake. The sound design and writing are simply out of this world.This is a masterpiece in narrative design, and we should all take note."
,Recommended,501300,32662028,Posted: 22 June,all,ebeenu,"This is a game that can easily be described as quality over quantity.Taking your time with the game and playing through to the end takes roughly 2 hours; which when paying 15 dollars for, might seem ludicrous.""What Remains of Edith Finch"" is completely worth every cent spent. The lovingly told stories of each character will keep you immersed right up to the end.Each story of the game is so uniquely told that it feels as though you knew and could relate to every character.The atmposhere is breathtaking and every individual detail really makes the overall picture feel as though you're coming home after being away for awhile."
,Recommended,501300,32751909,Posted: 24 June,all,Stokes,Walk. Click Mouse. Cry.
,Recommended,501300,32916103,Posted: 27 June,all,♪Panda_77♪,It is one of the greatest and the most interesting story I have ever played..Strongly recommended to play.
,Recommended,501300,31401375,Posted: 27 April,all,disappointment,"I was a baby for the second time in my life, 10/10Real (short) Review :I didn't expect this game to be this good.The atmosphere was great, the game itself is beautiful, the story is well written.If you plan on playing this game, here are two things you need to know :- Expect emotional rollercoasters ;- This is a walking simulator, so I won't recommend this if you don't like reading/following the story.I finished it in roughly an hour and a half, then did a few of the achievements. Although some might see this as really short, I think it is worth it's price."
,Recommended,501300,31400845,Posted: 27 April,all,Chinabull,"Amazing, great narative beautifully presented, perfect"
76561197972641101,Recommended,501300,33474305,Posted: 12 July,all,ATGiant,"More of a story than a game, but so beautifully done I can't do anything but wholeheartedly recommend it. To be honest, I bought it because I thought to myself ""Yay! Another Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" and though parts of the game were similar, it was in its entirety a unique game. The art is beautiful. The soundtrack soothing. The house is every childs dream and the story, though sad, touches you in ways that you can relate and others that you can't. Love love love!I'm someone who grew up playing adventure games by Sierra, Lucas and Westwood studios so none of the new blockbusters really impress me. I prefer games that touch the heart and this one does it.The price may seem steep at $20 (current steam price) but it's worth it. Just think of how quickly you blow through a round of drinks on a Friday :P That's how I justify one off purchases like these :)10/10"
,Recommended,501300,31480725,Posted: 1 May,all,Songbirb~♪,"Super nice game full of meaning and feelings even if it doesn't take very long to play through. The game does a lovely job of exploring the meaning of family and the past while presenting it in a mysterious fantasy and exploration package that left me constantly feeling like I was both dealing with things that were at the same time familiar yet completely otherworldly. The game is fully of metaphors and environmental storytelling, and while it lays out the basis of what happened and some of the main character's thoughts, it leaves so much carefully placed detail up to the player to give it meaning. Trying to figure out how each character feels in their life and much of how they relate to the people around them is largely left up to the player through rich amounts of detail and clues strewn about as you explore from room to room.Overall, this game is like super good if you want something that will leave you thinking and wondering and piecing together meaning in your head. I really enjoyed this game and how it took me through a little adventure of emotions, so I'd thoroughly recommend Gone Home 2 for anyone that loves quiet games full of interesting stories, lots of feelings and hidden meanings, even if they are a bit short and sweet."
76561197973300271,Recommended,501300,31568622,Posted: 5 May,all,Ginseng Hitler Beepollen,"There is some real magic to this story.  The writing and voice acting is excellent, the story being woven cleverly through a series of unique interactive story pieces fills one with a sadness one would feel watching something beautiful being burried.   Its hard to say more without giving anything away so, while this game is a bit of a walking simulator it is not really as each piece of the story is a little game within itself, each one has some unique and awe inspiring moments.  The feels are definately there, if you need to get in touch with your humanity durring these dark cynical times.  This is one of the best experiences i've had in a long time."
,Recommended,501300,31617713,Posted: 7 May,all,embraceternity,"What a beautiful and emotionally-driven game. I adored the creative level design and the unique excerpts of gameplay that broke away from the usual walking simulator genre. Then of course, I was blown away by the story. It's absolutely heart-wrenching and fantastical; it easily made me tear up a good handful of times, while laughing and smiling in others. I can't recommend this game enough! Anyone who loves narrative video games should definitely check this one out."
,Recommended,501300,31666242,Posted: 10 May,all,ArtificialRaven,"What Remains of Edith Finch tells the story of Edith Finch, the last remaining member of the Finch family who just recently inherited the house she was raised in. When she arrives, she begins investigating what heppened to the rest of her family. If you've played games like Firewatch, Vanishing of Ethan Carter and other walking simulators then you'll already have a basic understanding of the gameplay and flow.  If not, then please understand this is a game that relies heavily on immersive story telling and observation as you explore the game world. What sets it apart from the other walking simulators is the way the story is told. You will delve into the stories of the other family members, each with their own rich tale, unique feel & gameplay. I apologize for not getting into it more but it is a very short game and I'd rather not spoil anything.Graphically, it's a gorgeous looking game, specifically the house. It's creative and what I would consider a masterpiece of level design. On an i5 and a gtx 1060 I was able to run it smoothly at 1080p on medium settings. I probably could have gone a little higher but would have started sacrificing my framerate. The game recommends a controller so that's what i used, my old reliable rock candy xbox360 controller. I had no issues with it however I can't vouch for mouse & keyboard as I never  attempted to use them. The sound is very well done, both in effects and ambience. The music is perfectly matched to each situation and hit all the emotional chords with me personally. So yeah, I would say the game is excellent in the audio department too.Honestly my only real complaint was the length. I clocked in at about 3 hours by the time I reached the end and I was left wanting more. Price vs. length when it comes to games is a very debateable and subjective topic but if you treasure games like Firewatch for its story telling then I think you'll enjoy this game too and may find it worth the full price. If you're on the fence about it then wait for a sale."
,Recommended,501300,31689669,Posted: 11 May,all,TidalDrop,"This game was fantastic! It's a beautiful game with an interesting and original story. The voice acting was great and really pulled the whole game together. I was a little disapointed that the game only lasted for about 2.5 hours, but it was still a great game. If I could do it again, I would probably wait for sale to buy this due to $10 per hour of gametime seeming a bit steep. That said, I highly recomend this game. I loved it and I do plan on playing it again in the future. This game reminds me of the kind of bedtime story you want to hear every night."
,Recommended,501300,31732761,Posted: 13 May,all,Avo,"Wow, what a game. What a lovechild between Gone home, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter and Alan Wake would look like!"
,Recommended,501300,33205527,Posted: 3 July,all,Damnul,Just buy and play it. You won't regret.
76561198017478989,Recommended,501300,31730513,Posted: 13 May,all,Sturmgeweiht,"Truely a masterpiece.The way each room of the house you're set to explore is designed is wonderful and unique. One of the rare games where gameplay and story are perfectly aligned. Also the amount of details that went into the complete interior of the Finch house overwhelmed me in a positive sense. I can exceedingly recommend it to any fan of the genre because it is one of the best titles it has to offer up to now. So even if you're not really into First Person Experiences or Walking Simulators, this game might be your entry gate because the overall design in combination with the tearful story and the amazing soundtrack set it apart from many of it's genre's representatives, making it a lasting experience."
76561198045150131,Recommended,501300,31627543,Posted: 8 May,all,Papa Kappa,"A very beautiful, melancholic and heart touching game with a breathtaking story.For 20$ it is just a bit short with about 2 hours of gameplay but brilliant nontheless."
,Recommended,501300,31632031,Posted: 8 May,all,Scorlex,"What Remains of Edith Finch is one of the best games I ever played. Playing as Edith Finch you explore your former home trying to find out what happend there. Even though it is a walking simulator it is far from being boring. Every new room (=chapter) offers a completely unique experience which makes you keep searching for further clues. What happened? Why am I here? Why did this happen?...I loved the small but amazing details in this game. The caption for example integrates perfectly, they are even part of the world since you can easily interact with them. The graphics itself look amazing, the soundtrack is awesome and the best about this game is the voice of the female protagonist. Just after a few words I already fell in love with her.I highly recommend playing What Remains of Edith Finch. It is ""just"" 3 hours but trust me you won't regret it. What Remains of Edith Finch could be one of the best games we will see this year! I love it!"
,Recommended,501300,31694436,Posted: 11 May,all,jackson.emanuel,"This is a visual novel. The soundtrack, aesthetics, and story of the game rival any Hollywood film, while providing an introspective take on the lives of the deceased Finch family. Although it's rather short (gameplay is only about 2 hours) and there are no consequential decisions for the player to make, the act of discovery and exploration makes this game worth buying. Some of the dream-like sequences are truly otherworld. Akin to Oxenfree."
76561198032623031,Recommended,501300,31708620,Posted: 12 May,all,Rocket Man,"This is how a 'walking simulator' (ugh I hate this term) should be done. A story driven narrative with innovative gameplay. The character stories each have different functions which makes them interesting and stops the gameplay feeling stale.Sobering stories are found in this game and don't be surprised if you find yourself shedding some tears. There are a couple gripes I have (for example the sketches being in the journal from the very beginning if you start a new game after already completing it - a real bummer if you want a friend to play it through and experience exactly what you did the first time; I hope they patch this) but for the most part it is flawless.I highly recommend this. Sure, there's no real challenge with this game, but it's all about the story. I see it as more of an interactive movie, but the level of interaction makes it more immersive than a movie. It's about the length of a movie (around 2 hours, perhaps a bit more), but oddly enough it doesn't feel too short. I felt satisfied, like I would after watching a movie. It has good replayability too, again, like a good film. Few games can pull such a short game off (for example, Little Nightmares is a couple of hours and needed to be longer according to most, including myself).Definitely pick this game up if you enjoy stories. If you prefer explosions and bullets flying everywhere, stick to Call of Duty. :-)"
,Recommended,501300,32038724,Posted: 29 May,all,Staniel,"First came NieR: Automata, and I thought it couldn't get any better. Then came Prey and again, I thought it couldn't get any better. Now I've played What Remains of Edith Finch and I'm not sure if I'll survive a game that's better than this. It is filled with moments of pure joy, genuine sadness and utter shock. All presented through some of the most creative story driven sections I've ever experienced in a video game. It's short, but worth every penny. Play this game."
,Recommended,501300,32046164,Posted: 29 May,all,et,"Finished the game. Few things to note before you buy this game.If you want your standard routine/strategic and mechanical gameplay experience, this isn't the game for you. If you believe that quantity and repetition of playtime are worth more than the quality of the playtime and the game, this really isn't for you.If you however, love creative games, unique storytelling experience, first person realism, extraordinary game/simulation experience, beautiful art and incredible soundtrack, this is the game for you.♥♥♥♥ing amazing this game. Sure, it isn't the longest game I've played, but it is by far one of if not the most creative, mindblowing games, and a hell of an emotional rollercoaster. If you have 20 bucks, and truly want to support for great game developers like these guys making amazing games, please just spend it. I could've easily gotten this game somewhere but I decided that this game deserved my money and more because what they've created is simply fantastic. Never have I seen such a unique game in my life, and from what it looks of it, it looks like some boring house-simulator/detective game, but wait till you see what they have in the game. I won't even tell you.Just play the game already, so you can be as amazed as I was."
,Recommended,501300,33568298,Posted: 15 July,all,CSn| Lia_Rein,Everyone should play this game
,Recommended,501300,31596223,Posted: 6 May,all,AN0N ϟϟ,This is one of the best games I have ever played. Do yourself a favor and experience it.
76561198266735208,Recommended,501300,32986092,Posted: 29 June,all,NoverianSnowCone,"It's right what people have said about this game. It's a story that sticks with you. It's also stunning and so easy to back and relax with.Highly recommended, your money won't go to waste on this one."
76561198109521616,Recommended,501300,31738111,Posted: 13 May,all,renanereje,"It's simply one of the best games I have ever played, i felt every emotion possible through the experience. I highly recomend this!"
,Recommended,501300,32629575,Posted: 21 June,all,Betty White got loose puss,"I don't really like a lot of walking simulators like these, but this one made up for that trope with creativity, interesting characters, and instilling a sense of curiosity in the player. If you're looking for a short and sweet game with a good, well developed emotional story, this is your game."
76561198025622825,Recommended,501300,32962585,Posted: 28 June,all,Jaywon Lee,"One of the best walking-simulators I have ever played. Every background story is engaging and brilliantly executed. Filled with a melancholy tone and depressingly real tragedy, ""What Remains of Edith Finch"" is a short but genius story told in a medium that could use a little more of the same love."
76561198137613733,Recommended,501300,31512862,Posted: 2 May,all,kgutzman,All I will say is...MysteriousBeautifulSadBeautifully writtenRich plotSmooth playingGorgeous sceneryMasterpieceI want more!!!
76561198076512255,Recommended,501300,32494766,Posted: 16 June,all,badluckninja,"This was such an immersive game. I literally had food placed in front of me, because it was dinner time, but I didn't touch any of it. I still haven't! I had to write a review for this amazing interaction that I've just finished! I feel overwhelmed with emotions, and there are better reviews out there for sure. But this game touched my heart and soul in ways that I cannot describe articulately. You won't regret this purchase, I highly recommend this experience."
,Recommended,501300,31535543,Posted: 3 May,all,lovinnkaylaxox,Thi game left me speechless. Absolutely stunning.
,Recommended,501300,32039613,Posted: 29 May,all,Dials Mavis,"after just completing this, I am beyond words. this isn't just a game, this is a immersive artwork, an experience to be savoured."
,Recommended,501300,32076663,Posted: 30 May,all,Vahn,"What a great moment this experience is.  It can be completed in a sitting (or two).  It doesn't try to be what it isn't, and in the process manages to be so many things.  An interactive story; a walking simulator; a game-lite; a reflection.  A moment."
,Recommended,501300,33094512,Posted: 1 July,all,Disappointed Salad,"10/10 one of the best game of the year, I love it"
76561198035601802,Recommended,501300,33095139,Posted: 1 July,all,Max,"ProsGreat story - very engaging and interestingBeautiful sceneryInteresting charactersConsShort - completing the game and getting all achievements took me about 2 hoursNon traditional game play - not really a con if you enjoy walking sims.TLDRIf you enjoy walking sims and well told stories, definitely pick this up. If you need some form of ""traditional game play"" probably pass on this game."
,Recommended,501300,31566615,Posted: 5 May,all,atms,"Finished in 1.8h. However I dont regret buying it as this game got very nice story, atmosphere and music. Lewis's, Walter's and Gregory's stories are really strong. This game deserves more attention."
76561198077438949,Recommended,501300,32651003,Posted: 22 June,all,VeteranGhillie,This is a must play.
,Recommended,501300,31686951,Posted: 11 May,all,RagnaR,"This kind of storytelling can only be possible with a game.It immerses you in its world like I've never felt before.They say games should be ""replayable"" or ""fun"". I think that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.GAMES ARE EXPERIENCES. THIS IS AN EXPERIENCE WORTH TAKING.And I wish more people would appreciate these type of games.The dev team did a really admirable job moving the medium a step forward in the right direction.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU BUY THIS GAME! (SALE OR NOT)"
,Recommended,501300,33594249,Posted: 16 July,all,Seroto-9,"The bullet-hell sections were a bit too hard, but at least the zombies go down quickly once you have the rake."
,Recommended,501300,32493077,Posted: 16 June,all,Axe Raider,No words. Literally the most creative gameplay and storytelling I've ever seen.
,Recommended,501300,31760339,Posted: 14 May,all,Eggerd,"This is the most beautiful story focused game I've ever had the pleasure to play.I am not ashamed to admit, that I had to cry.Please buy it, play it and be amazed by this piece of interactive art."
,Recommended,501300,33274470,Posted: 5 July,all,WhiteClaudiaMk,"Never has a video game made me cry so much in such a short time.Although my first playthrough was only about 2 hours long, I can't recommend this enough. It's replayable not because of its diversity, but its quality. From the visuals, the sound design, the music to the writing and voice acting, everything about this game deserves the highest praise. Well done Giant Sparrow."
,Recommended,501300,31761660,Posted: 14 May,all,ShooterMike,"Wonderful story, very impressed! The architecture and creativity of the house alone was so overwhelming. I especially enjoyed the bathtub scene. I won't say anymore as not to spoil the game, but definately give it a go if you ever feel up to it. It was a very unique and enlightening experience."
,Recommended,501300,34449178,Posted: 23 August,all,Lord Moloch,I am not a sentimental person.This was beautiful.
,Recommended,501300,33301710,Posted: 5 July,all,I'm that man.,"A really nice experience! Kinda pricey and maybe some parts are a little bit clunky, but in the end it's worth its while, up to to 100%.The narrative is on point. Gripping sad, but not cheesy. Same goes with the soundtrack and graphics...one of the best and most beautiful ""walking simulators"" I've ever experienced."
,Recommended,501300,33558190,Posted: 15 July,all,Sleepy Sheepy,"This game is incredible, I have no words, I usally dont feel a whole lot, but the entire time I played this game I was so entrapped in the story, there times where I felt like crying and I had no idea really why, and time where I just felt happy, this game is a story game to top story games, I love games like this and appreciated every single detailed aspect. If you enjoy good story telling and value an artistic sense, then this game is overflowing with passion from every single crevice.This game is short, but in those short 2 hours, you will experience so much love/passion/sadness, do yourself a favor and buy this game."
76561197986314333,Recommended,501300,34641702,Posted: 31 August,all,Snek,A story everyone should experience!
,Recommended,501300,33445996,Posted: 10 July,all,EVILnudeMONKEY,"This was a really great experience, the controls are simple and intuitive and the story compelling enough that after my first hour of play I went to sleep thinking about the in-game events and how they would unfold."
76561197984831227,Recommended,501300,34519306,Posted: 26 August,all,Doczizi,Absolutely magical.A brilliant show of the powerful ways this medium can be used to tell a story.
76561198047586712,Recommended,501300,31934251,Posted: 24 May,all,ThumpingSteve,"What Remains of Edith Finch is a great game. One of the best walking simulators that i have played, it reminds me very much of Gone Home, I loved the music, the atmosphere and and exploring that house. Would recomend to others, especially those with a love for stories over enless gameplay."
,Recommended,501300,31887909,Posted: 21 May,all,butcherbrouillette,"If you're a Life is Strange fan seeking that heart-heavy story line, here's your 3-hour fix. You will feel homesick and ready to write your will by the end of it. There is a lot of mindplay here, so skip Netflix tonight and get yourself zapped into this piece of work. I don't think you'll regret it."
,Recommended,501300,33986640,Posted: 2 August,all,FastLawyer,"Art is created to convey a feeling unto the observer.  What Remains of Edith Finch does exactly that.  The range of emotions are hard to express but I definitely felt something following along with the story.  A story that I felt compelled to see through the end, because it was so engrossing.  So when one asks how much is this worth?  If it were a lesser story, then the costs don't seem to match the content.  However, content which gives you a peek into someone else's life and makes you ponder your own life, what price can you put on that?I enjoyed the mechanics this game used to keep you connected to the story.  People say walking simultator and indeed this game is a walking simulator, however, it's also much more than that.  Simple clicks of your mouse will make you feel a part of the story, especially with the inventive way the devs have used it here.9/10  The only reason I don't give it a 10 is because the graphics I think could have been better (however, that does not impact the story telling in any meaningful, just think it was not perfect because other games have better textures, art style, etc.)**** Note, I tried this game on VR with Vorpx, but VR does not look good here, due to the art style and gameplay decisions by the devs.  It's not meant for VR, but I would love this game rebuilt for VR.  I hope someday that will happen as you can see how interactive the game wants to be and it'd be so perfect in VR with touch controllers ***"
,Recommended,501300,31627402,Posted: 8 May,all,twitch.tv/truestlordpancake,"Yes, the game is short. Yes, the game is 20 dollars. However, it's worth every penny.Find out why in my full review.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1iR0EcoBvM"
76561197970320868,Recommended,501300,31926468,Posted: 23 May,all,sizer99,"Well that was just amazing. If you like Go Home but thought it was a little threadbare (I know, fewer resources), this is the ultimate exploration / walking simulator so far.  The House is dense, the stories are all amazingly unique,there's no wasted time at all, and the integration of text is just amazing.  And it's purty.I paid the full $20 and am completely satisfied that my money was well spent."
,Recommended,501300,34020114,Posted: 4 August,all,Knalraap,"I personally enjoy some walking simulators as these kind of games tend to be called, but I feel like that term doesn't do the good ones justice, especially a game like this.The less I tell you about the game's story and mechanics, the better, in all honesty, if a story can carry a game to a higher level for you like it can for me, then please consider giving this title a try, a lot of 'walking simulators' lose me after about an hour or so but this one had my full attention for the 2 hours it took me to finish it.In short, while a lot of games in this genre are either just eye candy or try too hard to be 'deep', What Remains of Edith Finch is a beautiful story that we all can relate to in one way or another, it well deserves it's praise."
,Recommended,501300,33540299,Posted: 14 July,all,Zedd's dead,"This is not a game per say. It is an interactive short story. While the story itself is a bit muddled, I found this to be a beautifully creative endeavor with style, grace and just the right mix of bizarre childish whimsy and dark fantasy. I have ready many stories and played other interactive games that try very hard to be unique. This is one of the few that succeeds without feeling really forced.If you are into visual journeys often called walking simulators, than this is one to enjoy."
,Recommended,501300,34084599,Posted: 7 August,all,Calibrono,One of the best 2 hour games you can spend you money on.
,Recommended,501300,33524022,Posted: 13 July,all,FuckingUnicornsAndRainbows,Heartbreaking..
,Recommended,501300,31544458,Posted: 4 May,all,Tempest,"While I wish there was more to this game, that's genuinely the only bad thing I can say about it. I was so touched by all of this game. No words."
,Recommended,501300,31625573,Posted: 8 May,all,Discochat,"YES. A THOUSAND TIMES YES.More games like this one, to show the media isn't just about violence and action and...Anyway, moar."
,Recommended,501300,31363990,Posted: 25 April,all,Messofanego,"""It was like a bomb had gone off, killing everyone but sparing the furniture.""What a wonderfully melancholic game about family, memories, surrealism, child-like imagination, weird tales, unfortunate accidents, misfortune, and the drudgery of life. By the end, it made me appreciate my family a lot more, and made me tear up. What Remains Of Edith Finch feels like the culmination of what Gone Home, Vanishing Of Ethan Carter, and That Dragon Cancer were leading towards, but has enough of its own identity, perspective shifts, and gameplay differences, that it comes out as something all its own. It's quite coincidental that Blackwood Crossing came out earlier this month which also has a female protagonist, full body awareness, is surreal, and also about family and memories. Both work quite well as complimentary pieces, although they're emotionally hard-hitting so be ready for that.We know the deal with firstperson narrative adventure games (or walking simulators if you want to call them that) now. It's going to have a short length, fitting for a short story. There's going to be lots of narration, lots of walking, quite pretty scenery, a sombre tone, and not particularly that much interactions. Except in the past year or so, that's changing especially on the gameplay verbs front. With games like That Dragon Cancer, Firewatch, and Blackwood Crossing, you're doing lots more actions with the controls. In the case of this game with the episodes pertaining to different family members, not only are you doing various actions with the same controls like flying a kite, making a toy frog jump in the bath, or taking photos of your daughter on a hunting trip, but also having whole perspective and gameplay shifts. Not only gameplay shifts, but even the tonal shifts match the age of the character, like those of Molly and Gregory being the youngest kids having the most playful sections in the game. One episode has you straight up playing a melee horror game with an amazing nod to Halloween that made me shout out loud in disbelief how they were able to secure the music. Another has you hopping between animals such as a cat, owl, shark, and tentacle. Last but not least, is the mind-bending multi-tasking Lewis episode where you're using your mouse for the drudgery of cutting up fish but also using the direction buttons to move a 3D king avatar in a top-down fantasy world at the same time which then transforms into a full-blown 3rd person perspective. This constant variety gives a real sense of adventure and memorability to these short stories about a family, while giving satisfaction that you've been through a lot in the 2-3 hour playthrough much like metaphorically the family has been.What ties all these short stories and family members together is the tall and oddly-shaped Finch house. The attention to detail is incredible, even surpassing Gone Home, in what you can glean just from the environmental storytelling of mise en scene. Just even down to when you inhabit the bodies of the family members, looking down at your bodies thanks to the full body awareness to notice details like Edith's fingerless gloves and feather-ring necklace or Lewis as the king tells a story in of itself. Quite a few of the family members' rooms have specific books pertaining to their hobbies and interests, like Dawn's travel and english books for teaching abroad in India, Edie's conspiracy material, Odin's folktales, and Calvin's science books for his love of astronomy. Textually, the game never makes a point of it, but you can figure out why Edith and Lewis are darker skinned and mixed race compared to the skin tone of the other family members, which gives a nice sense of diversity and reality to how varied a family can be ethnically. All of the elements of the short stories are related to that family member's belongings such as animal toys for Molly or videogames for Lewis. The house is labyrinthine, which is a testament to how great the level design is that is tied directly to the visual storytelling. This is all backed by a beautiful music score thanks to Jeff Russo. Despite the game at the outset detailing that everyone in your family has died, there were still constant surprises and a couple of late game plot twists that I wasn't expecting that left me heartbroken.After the game finished, I had to talk to my mom and sister immediately afterwards about appreciating them and being grateful for still having them around and for most of my immediate family still being alive. Giant Sparrow earns my congratulations for delivering one of my favourite games of the year in an already very strong year for videogames."
,Not Recommended,501300,34065117,Posted: 6 August,all,asifandwhen,"The most obvious comparison for this is Gone Home. Both are about young women coming back to a large house of eccentric design, filled with secret passages and hidden doors, and trying to find out what became of the family that lived there, using books and correspondence to discover clues.While Edith Finch is a lot more visually imaginative (the comic book sequence, the cannery kingdom...) the gameplay is a lot more dull and straightforward. In Gone Home one feels like an amateur detective finding clues and piecing together a mystery but here all sense of agency is gone. Walk in to a room and the game directs you to what you should be looking at. Read a book and you're treated to essentially a one-button minigame. The cannery sequence might look great but gameplay-wise you're essentially just walking forward. If Gone Home felt like being part of an immersive theatre experience where one can rifle through the characters' things to find out more about them, this feels like an animated film where the W button must be held down to keep it playing.There's a lot to like here and it's fun while it lasts but it doesn't feel anywhere near as satisfying a gameplay experience as a lot of similar games."
,Recommended,501300,33201222,Posted: 3 July,all,Informal Informant,"What the game isWhat Remains of Edith Finchis... for lack of better words, is kind of hard to describe without saying much about the story. The game takes you through Edith's return to her old house and the stories of her relatives who lived there before her. The point of the game is to discover all the stories about everyone in the house, and learn how they died.Pros-Fantastic storiesEach story pulled you in and made you fell a connection with each character-CharactersThe characters were all relatable in some way, representing a different aspect of live or personallity-EnviromentFrom the moment you see the house you kinda just get a weird feeling from it, just as the character describes. Along with that, each room has hidden secrets (some which must be found for game advancement).-Graphics and MusicEvery texture looked polished and worked well with the theme. The music was beatiful and just worked with everything else.Cons-WARNING:THIS IS A PERSONAL OPINION THAT FEW PEOPLE MAY AGREE WITHIn Barbara's story, the art style in the comic went from a comic-esk art to polyshaded(I think thats what its called) textures and it just felt weird.Final OpinionWhat Remains of Edith Finchis definatly something to pick up and spend the 2-3 hour playtime on. The story is fantastic and the art style and music are incredible. I cannot recomend this game enough, just because of the story alone. And if theWhat Remains of Edith Finchis ever on sale, just add it to your cart and buy it, you will not be disappointed.9.8/10"
76561197998624607,Recommended,501300,31366210,Posted: 25 April,all,doublenerds,"There's not too much I can saw without spoiling the pleasure of the experience, so I will make it short.  This game is achingly lovely.  I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,501300,33959736,Posted: 1 August,all,daxter767676,I just finished this game and I'm still shaking. What Remains of Edith Finch is a journey you won't want to miss. Easily one of the best stories I've experienced in a long time.
76561197992180779,Recommended,501300,31913608,Posted: 23 May,all,fODDER,I didn't cry... you cried.that was so good.  so so so so good.Thanks you.
76561198096871584,Not Recommended,501300,34002131,Posted: 3 August,all,Domermac,"I dont usually write reviews but after playing this game I felt like I needed to.  As a whole I didnt think it was particularly bad however I wouldn't jump to recommend it.  Im not so sure I would call this a game as much as a minorly interactive movie but even that might be a stretch considering the playtime didn't last as long as most good movies anyways.  The artwork and ambient music were a nice touch and in my opinion the strongest point in the game however I never felt captivated by the story and in such a game I think thats important.  I found the trailer to be riveting but the game to have unfortunately under-delivered, especially for the price of it.  If you found the same thing or are looking to play a more interactive story driven game, I would suggest ""the vanishing of ethan carter""."
76561197990587844,Recommended,501300,31464217,Posted: 30 April,all,von-block,"I've been playing video games for a long long time.This game is phenomenal.This is a new milestones in video game.This is a proof of concept of what can be a video game.It's so pack of creativity, genuine pure creativity.A must play for anyone that Love video game."
,Recommended,501300,33971662,Posted: 2 August,all,charliewaffles,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ This might be one of the best games I've ever played. Let's get this out of the way first: It's short. Like, REALLY short. With that said, I'd rather play this 3 hour game than most of the so called ""Triple A"" games of the last three years. It infuriates me that a mediocre game like Gone Home got such a ridiculous ammount of praise back in 2013, and yet this game's barely being talked about. What it does in terms of storytelling and gameplay is nothing short of masterful. Just go into it as blind as you possibly can and I guarantee you won't be disappointed. It's ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant.The PC Version: No FOV Slider sucks, but the game didn't give me any motion sickness, so there's that... Also, it's kind of demanding for such a small game. Other than that, it was really solid. Ran fine for me at 1440p on a 6700k and a GTX 1070, and I thought it looked fantastic."
76561198076173559,Not Recommended,501300,34256094,Posted: 15 August,all,Armed Mind,"It is a nice walking sim. the story is compelling if you are into stories that are a bit playful, childish while still beeing definatly for at least teenagers. The art direction as well as the level design is where the game shines as well.The big downside to me is that it is very short (around two hours), and I don't see any reason to play it again, so to me the asked price of 19.99 is way to steep, if you are interested put it on your whishlist and wait until it is on sale."
,Not Recommended,501300,33973700,Posted: 2 August,all,Yossarian,"I'm in the minority, I get that, and I wanted to be engaged - I really did, but I found myself dutifully watching the cut scenes and following the story waiting for it all to be over. Which it was very very quickly - that said, if it was any longer I probably wouldn't have bothered to finish it!"
,Not Recommended,501300,33939563,Posted: 31 July,all,[{GDB}] Jesus,"The game itself was great, and if I were judging it on the game alone it would have a positive review. Everything from the graphics to the stories the game tells are simply amazingly well done.HOWEVER!For its price, it is not worth the money at all, at max you're looking at 2.5 hours of gameplay with little to no replayibility. At its current price I cannot recommend it unless you have money to burn or it is on sale. I would not pay any more than $10 for this game."
76561197970380355,Recommended,501300,31594172,Posted: 6 May,all,Pisha,"I love games like this, well crafted with great stories. This game was a joy to play, discovering the history of the Finch family by exploring each part of the house. Some really great game mechanics made each individual story really interesting and very interactive. The game deserves more love and attention by players, its nice to see games like this on steam. Loved every moment of it."
,Recommended,501300,31618365,Posted: 7 May,all,daslow,Great game.
,Recommended,501300,31624381,Posted: 8 May,all,Duggers,A fun interactive story. Would have only been better if it supported VR to add that little extra
76561198033402342,Recommended,501300,31617881,Posted: 7 May,all,mrnikiter,"Its a very good ""story game"".Right after finishing it I'm not sure I love the ending. I feel a bit underwhelmed.But overall I enjoyed it very much."
,Recommended,501300,31652505,Posted: 9 May,all,aussy16,"A walking simulator done extremely well, similar to Gone Home but does almost everything better. Each story you encounter, of every characters life (and death) is unique and beautifully done. It never feels stale, which most walking simulators seem to succumb to. While there is less interactivity at times then Gone Home, the story it brings is better, and the variety in every characters story takes it above and beyond the standard for this genre. Overall a 9/10."
76561197970575352,Recommended,501300,31621053,Posted: 8 May,all,-77- Elwood,Great story!!
,Recommended,501300,31636937,Posted: 8 May,all,Greenpaw,Fantastic story and atmosphere.
,Recommended,501300,31663792,Posted: 10 May,all,Șomer Simpson,"AN INTERESTING EXPERIENCE, THOUGH NOT GROUNDBREAKING""What Remains"" has a good story presented in an unique way, which is rather refreshing in a genre where the novelty can often get lost after the first moments of playing.This uniqueness relies on the fact that the whole story is a collection of microstories, which allowed the devs to present each one of them in a different way.If you enjoyed the down-to-earth tone of Firewatch but also appreciated the fantastic tones of The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, then you should enjoy this as well."
,Recommended,501300,31635310,Posted: 8 May,all,Ercan Keskin TR,"A great imagination,beautiful graphics and design.Well written story! This game is basically a walking simulator but has some interactions which i found very original.If you can stand a walking simulator you should definetely play it!"
76561198008220613,Recommended,501300,31673564,Posted: 10 May,all,FeroxJB,"GAH.  It's a really just an interactive story. It's pretty awesome.  Since I have finished the game (Yes it is fairly short), I have so many questions about what happened to some of the people.What happened with Edie, Edith's grandmother?Must play that story again."
,Recommended,501300,31752562,Posted: 14 May,all,Zed Clampet,Made a joke review at first but then felt guilty. This is one of the finest experiences I've ever had in a game. Just incredible story telling.
,Recommended,501300,31728193,Posted: 13 May,all,[TDM]mr_georgie,Good game nice story
,Recommended,501300,31870533,Posted: 20 May,all,IHarvestBrains,This game deals with death in a very light and heartwarming way. Loved the way the stories were told.Just wished I could've been able to interact more with the enviroment. And I really wanted to explore the old mansion D:
,Recommended,501300,31925510,Posted: 23 May,all,CorreAktor,"Even though it was very short, it was worth the premium. Visually stunning."
,Recommended,501300,32041400,Posted: 29 May,all,Memnoch the Bastian,This game has an interesting and moving story.  It utilizes many unique visual perspectives.  Really loved it!
76561198014230071,Recommended,501300,32009171,Posted: 27 May,all,Liamzl,"A blending between The Vanishing of Ethan Carter and The Beginners Guide, What Remains of Edith Finch is a truly unique narrative experience with some very inventive gameplay elements and sequences. While suffering from a few minutes of somewhat generic walking-simulator at the beginning of the game, once the story delves into each member of the Finch family, it becomes something completely unique and mezmerizing.Graphics: BStory: AMusic: BGameplay Mechanics: AVisual Elements and Design: ALength/Value: BOverall: B+"
,Recommended,501300,32031389,Posted: 28 May,all,Froody,"Beautifully done, with excellent and immersive story telling. What Remains of Edith Finch is one of those visceral, memorable gaming experiences that makes me love the genre so much."
,Recommended,501300,33334007,Posted: 6 July,all,rise,"Great game, but for $20 I expected more than a 2 hour game. Not that the length of a game determines quality. And I agree with another review saying any longer and it could have been dragging it, for the kind of game it is."
,Recommended,501300,33330977,Posted: 6 July,all,SPYBUG96,A sad story you'll never forget
,Recommended,501300,33158930,Posted: 2 July,all,Legend of Shaina,"I bought this game yesterday on a whiem because it was on sale, I was really suprised at how much I enjoyed it. The game was extremely story rich and each character sucked me in further. I finished it in one day, and  I still want more. The game was somewhat short, but not in a bad way. The story did not feel rushed, I just wasn't ready for it to end.Pros:+Beautiful artwork+Immersive environment+great storylineCons:~Wish it was longer because I want more!"
76561198005818081,Recommended,501300,33219230,Posted: 4 July,all,scrumblydumpus,Incredible experience.
,Recommended,501300,33211181,Posted: 3 July,all,Johnny Two Tips,"A walking simulator with an amzing story told in several beautiful ways. It is a bit on the short side especially for the price. I finished the game in a little over an hour and a half. The story is amazing and just for that, I won't be requesting a Steam refund."
76561198108302928,Recommended,501300,33232149,Posted: 4 July,all,thelankiller,"I am having a hard time putting my experience with Edith Finch into words and I think this stems from the fact that you need to experience the story of the Finches and their colourful house which plays the part in their tragic past. I will say that the house is a wonderful environment to explore, filled to the brim with so much life almost as if the residents that once called it home had just went out the back door. The story itself is masterfuly woven into everything around you and the use of audio left me with a sense of unease as I explored the house, I was expecting something to jump out at me as I head the constant creaking of the old home. As it is so short I haven't talked about any of the plot and again this is beacuse this is a experience that needs to be explored blind, but it left me with a inner turmoil and a need for more that so few games have made me feel before. I tip my hat to the team behind this title and look forward to seeing more from them in the future."
,Recommended,501300,33196107,Posted: 3 July,all,IndieLegend,"This is the most beautiful game I have ever played in every sense of the word. I loved every minute of it and am sad that it is over, but amazed it happened."
,Recommended,501300,32843654,Posted: 26 June,all,Enabskrad,Next person who says games can't be art to my face I'm gonna punch.
,Recommended,501300,33266204,Posted: 5 July,all,At Sam's,"I really, really enjoyed this game, but it broke my heart into a million pieces.Pros:*Gameplay is fun, lot of variety imo*Great Soundtrack*Love the voice acting*Game looks greatCons:*can't really think of any.Some people have said the game is short for the price, which is a valid point and I bought it on sale for that reason, but I would definitely have paid full price for it. I think it's the right length.tl;dr: 10/10 would recommmend."
,Recommended,501300,33288938,Posted: 5 July,all,Emrys89,Wow. Just over 2 hours gameplay. A very short game sure but man did I get sucked into this family story. Really liked it. I got it of a sale so I thought it was an ok price. For me a game these days are more about the involvement you have with the character/story and I got to say I was sucked in straight away.Get this if you enjoy a atmospheric and story driven experience. I liked this and Gone Home both of them are enjoyable to play.
,Recommended,501300,33389780,Posted: 8 July,all,Farrowix,"Visibly stunning and amazing storytelling. Every time I thought I was done crying, I reached another short-story 10/10"
76561198009795235,Recommended,501300,32350719,Posted: 11 June,all,Deutschi,"I can highly recommend it, a great and unique experience."
76561198277102788,Recommended,501300,32684361,Posted: 23 June,all,A Communist,"What Remains of Edith Finch is unlike any other game I've played.  It takes you on a journey through misfortune, death and grief as you learn more about the Finches, and their unfortunate past.  If you want to play a game that's scary with no jump scares, full of all sorts of emotions from depression to fear, or just in the mood for a REALLY good story, then What Remains of Edith Finch is god blessing you.  Just...play it.  You will love it"
,Recommended,501300,32715627,Posted: 24 June,all,D3F4ULT,The game that 'Gone Home' wishes it could be.
,Recommended,501300,32694845,Posted: 23 June,all,ItsLyanna,"This game is incredibly beautiful and powerful, and well worth a play - despite being just about 100 minutes long. I recommend it with all my heart <3"
,Recommended,501300,32703532,Posted: 23 June,all,twitch.tv/kutupzencisi93,One of the best story games I've played!!
,Recommended,501300,32720704,Posted: 24 June,all,Just KaoS,Absolutely amazing.
76561198094664111,Recommended,501300,32734553,Posted: 24 June,all,nona_strega,This was beautiful. A deep and focused game that uses a super neat mechanic and beautiful visuals to tell a series of stories. I LOVED this.
,Recommended,501300,32806382,Posted: 26 June,all,SerasTerra,"beautiful graphic, fascinating story!"
76561198039944628,Recommended,501300,32883170,Posted: 27 June,all,Mogwai,"A short two hour experience best experienced in one sitting. Very comfy, very immersive and dream-like. I'd best compare it to a blend of Firewatch and Gone Home. All the best qualities of Firewatch without the tedious, cringey, teenage shlock of Gone Home. Exploring the history and home of the Finch family will probably stick with me for a long time. Thouroughly recommend!"
76561198050464473,Recommended,501300,32674570,Posted: 23 June,all,Taomiline,"If you enjoy exploring and getting immersed in a story, this may be right up your alley. In WROEF you're not likely to get stuck and/or miss things. The narrative points you in the right direction quite well. The gameisvery detail-rich, so idle exploring is fulfilling and the little details do help you understand the story and the characters. You might also get some extra ""Ohh, sothat'swhat [object you saw in another area] was about!"" moments. Those were little highlights for me.Pros:+ Great soundtrack (I can easily recommend the Soundtrack DLC, it's very relaxing!)+ Detailed and immersive environment to explore+ Relative freedom to leave the story for a few minutes and just roam around or enjoy the atmosphere+ Voice acting+Verystory rich for its lengthCons:- It's short. Took me a little over 2 hours to finish, even when I spent some extra time looking around.- The game simply starts. There isn't a main menu you go through, you're immidiately in the game when you start, which can be confusing.A tip, if you get stuck in the first 15 seconds like I did: Look down.,- If you take things very literally, some moments may leave you scratching your head or just make you cringe.Important side note: I switched from mouse & keyboard to a controller after a few minutes, and I absolutely recommend doing the same. Using M&K won't ruin the experience, but a controller does give a much more fluid and intuitive control over movement and actions."
76561198013140288,Recommended,501300,32809341,Posted: 26 June,all,studemann,"Fantastic game. One of the best I've played in a long time. The story is so rich and immersive, I lost myself for hours in this enchanting tale."
,Recommended,501300,32968523,Posted: 28 June,all,Rooneysan,wow
,Recommended,501300,32939361,Posted: 28 June,all,Silveraaaaa!,"What a wonderful gem. A story about a girl rediscovering her family past. One mansion, too many stories to be told."
76561198018759539,Recommended,501300,32977680,Posted: 29 June,all,TheAbominableDan,"If you're a fan of so called ""Walking Simulators"" then you will probably enjoy this game. In a lot of ways it makes good on a lot of ideas put forth by earlier games in the genre. It has a lot of style, and a really good story. I heartily recommend this game."
76561198020935703,Recommended,501300,32976155,Posted: 28 June,all,Harry,"This has a wonderful story to tell, and tells it with an amazing focus and direction. An absolute gem, and well worth the asking price. Three out of two thumbs."
,Recommended,501300,33112549,Posted: 1 July,all,Gaomon,"This is truely a game well worth the money.This game takes you into it's world and it does it so well.Even when it was taking me from one ""story"" to another it somehow felt natural and like I was an active part of almost every story."
76561198118073369,Recommended,501300,33130844,Posted: 2 July,all,chrkavin,"I highly recommend this game. Be warned, however, that this is a very narrative-driven game with very little to offer in terms of challenging gameplay. Most of the game falls into the emerging genre of “walking simulators”, though the game does future a number of interludes with more interesting, if still not particularly challenging, gameplay-scenarios. Additionally this is a rather short game. Your first playthrough should take somewhere between two and three hours. The game does give you the option of replaying sections or indeed the entirety of the game, but there is very little incentive to do other than a few achievements and, of course, the excellent story. Speaking of the story, it is very linear. If none of this bothers you, you are in for a treat.The less you know about the events of the story the better, so i will not go into specifics here. If you want a quick rundown of the basic premise i recommend that you simply read the description on the store page. All i will say is that the game delivers a story that manages to be deeply emotional, without ever feeling like it’s cheating by using cheap tricks. It deals with very dark subject matter in a mature way and in the end its message remains optimistic. The most memorable parts by far are the aforementioned interludes, in which the gameplay works in conjunction with the generally well-acted voice-over to tell stories that manage to be highly metaphorical without coming off as pretentious.Performance-wise i experienced no problems though this is not necessarily indicative of how the game will perform on other systems. There have been reports of people running into issues on min-spec systems, but the developers have been addressing these through patches.In conclusion: If you are a fan of short narrative-driven games, then you owe yourself to play this game. Its unique use of interesting gameplay-mechanics in telling an emotional story makes it stand out from the rest of the games in the genre."
,Recommended,501300,33137122,Posted: 2 July,all,Evalynn Paine,"I wasn't sure whether or not this was going to be a game I'd enjoy, but the reviews convinced me.  And I am SO very glad I got this game!Originally, I was just going to play a little bit and then go to bed, but I ended up playing the entire thing in one sitting - it's THAT good.The music and graphics are hauntingly beautiful, and the voice narration is spot on.  The story is engaging and very deep, and the game plays very much like a true graphic novel with puzzle features.11/10, would Edith again."
,Recommended,501300,33144157,Posted: 2 July,all,2a3,"Stunning, really it is.The sound track alone is enough to give a good rating.This game was a solid 10/10. It gave me personally tingly feelings over when I was playing it."
,Recommended,501300,33184360,Posted: 3 July,all,Jasyla,"What an amazing game! A beautiful look at family, death and secrets. As Edith Finch, you return to your family home for the first time in years. The Finch family is cursed, or so the belief goes. Almost all of them meet an unfortunate and untimely end. As you explore the house, which guides you through its rooms and secret passages in a masterful way, you discover how each person died. Aside from the great writing and narration, the game really pushes the walking simulator genre forward by presenting each story in a different way.  In one you're an infant, with an active imagination experiencing joy in everything. In another you're a man working in a fish cannery - while your body does the repetitive motion of decapitating fish on a conveyor belt, your mind is exploring and adventuring through magical worlds. What Remains of Edith Finch has certainly set the standard for the genre."
,Recommended,501300,32806408,Posted: 26 June,all,Pausen,"If you liked ""Gone home"" you will love this one."
76561198068693676,Recommended,501300,33142613,Posted: 2 July,all,mghvs,"What Remains of Edith Finch aproaches the subject of death in a wonderfull manner. Though the game can be very sad at some moments, I found myself more fascinated by the stories and how, through interactive means, the tone of these stories went from sad to a more lighthearted tale.In the end you know what fate awaits the characters of these stories, however you can't help but play on to see in what ways these ends will come."
,Recommended,501300,33131961,Posted: 2 July,all,Oloremo,Call your parents.
,Recommended,501300,33140436,Posted: 2 July,all,Wrath of Tron,"I could talk at length to the profound sadness and beauty of ""What Remains of Edith Finch,"" and I could especially go on about the sheer amount of creativity that holds it all together...but the most imporant thing I think I really want to say about it is, that for at least one day, it made me a little less scared of my own mortality.10/10"
76561198311999038,Recommended,501300,33322541,Posted: 6 July,all,NinjaEssie,"Fantastic story telling, and the soundtrack really adds to the mood. Just make sure you have a tissue ready because there will be tears. 10/10"
76561198131064696,Recommended,501300,33297183,Posted: 5 July,all,Bbomb1000,One of the most beautiful games I've ever played. Heart breaking but breathtaking.
76561198012757492,Recommended,501300,33463029,Posted: 11 July,all,VP,Walking Simulator 2.0. Mindblowing!
,Recommended,501300,33587391,Posted: 16 July,all,IllyriaFox,"How.. What... How? How do I describe this game? Okay, from the basics: it is beautifully designed, bugs are minimal, and the music and sound effects are fantastic! The plot is chilling but immersive - I honestly couldn't stop playing, which is rare for me, apart from looking for some help when I got (literally) trapped inside part of one story. Even after a super frustrating time spent trying to get out of the glitch I was in, I still didn't want to stop! I really wish this was the kind of game you could continue playing endlessly, because I loved the world and the lore. I really hope there's a follow-up or a prequel or something. Overall, as someone who never writes reviews, I think everyone should buy this game - not only because it's incredible but because the studio deserves the support and encouragement to continue releasing extraordinary games like this one."
,Recommended,501300,33593591,Posted: 16 July,all,Colloquialism,"Such an amazing form of story telling. It is beautifully done and very imaginative with some fresh creativity for the computer game media. I highly recommend this game to anyone who is interested in exploration, mystery, and the philosophical attributes of life. The soundtrack is also very well done and is enjoyable without playing the game. It is an overall success and I am very satisfied with this purchase."
,Recommended,501300,33585144,Posted: 16 July,all,JakeImpregnator,Still confused... Storytelling was good. Graphics and sound were amazing. Immersion was fantastic. Not sure what my role was... a few too many characters to keep track of for me. But im  a little simple i guess.
76561198154250625,Recommended,501300,32924382,Posted: 28 June,all,Feedee,AMAZING EXPERIENCE! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
,Recommended,501300,33628244,Posted: 18 July,all,Jamedog,"This is nothing short of a masterpiece. Some may not call this a ""game"" per se, but it is a wonderful piece of art which needs to be experienced. Top notch storytelling inside beautiful visuals, with a soundtrack that is perfect."
,Recommended,501300,33587383,Posted: 16 July,all,MyOnlyEye,This is a must-have for all lovers of gaming and storytelling. Support and love their work! :-)
76561198059842963,Recommended,501300,33610686,Posted: 17 July,all,Rookpawn,"+ Delicate interactive design enhancing immersive experience.+ Diversified and ingenious way to reconstruct faimly members' last scenes.+ Nice music and sound voice-over.+ Intricate and fascinating design of the house.- Soullessness due to the simplified storyline.- Monotonous linear narrative for Edith's story.- No free exploration.- Clusmy end reduce the story into a confusing fatalistic farce.“You can have a two-hour immersive visit into the cursed Finches, enjoying an artistic version of1000 Ways to Die.”Overall, 7.6."
76561198263156885,Recommended,501300,33086031,Posted: 1 July,all,ThePianoGuy,"Good walking sim. I really enjoyed the story, mechanics, and the gorgeous graphics/art design. The music is fantastic, and the story really makes you think about life and death. Not super replayable, but more so than most other games in this genre. 9/10"
,Recommended,501300,33710000,Posted: 21 July,all,spiff,"This is probably the most beautifull game I ever played.So atmospheric, so rich of a story, so engulfing, I played it in 2 long parts.The detail of the rooms, i felt so sad they didn't use most of it at all.So much hard work that must have gone in the construction of all the rooms of the house.You will be surprised at how certain parts of the story unfold.Play this game, I bet you will agree with me ..."
76561198285466966,Recommended,501300,33711692,Posted: 21 July,all,SquareBob SpongePants,"Beautiful graghics, great storyline with breath-taking stories . This could be by far the best game I've played, it's really amazing.  10/10"
,Recommended,501300,31372844,Posted: 26 April,all,Seaniemaurice,"My full video review here -https://youtu.be/Rh9YngnlVzwAs someone who is a big fan of walking simulators from Gone Home, Virginia, The Stanley Parable and Journey. I can honestly say after playing What Remains of Edith Finch that this is the best the genre has to offer.It takes all the good elements of the game and innovates them in a way I didn't expect.Each story the game tells is truly unique and memorable and ultimately ended with myself being blown away at how much polish has been put into this little 2 hour experience.I'd recommend you buy this asap as this is a game worth playing if story telling within games is one of your motives for playing video games."
76561198139045516,Recommended,501300,33727624,Posted: 22 July,all,VulkanskAske,Warning: Supply yourself with tissues before starting this game.
,Recommended,501300,32971445,Posted: 28 June,all,Jolly Swagman,Something truly special.
,Recommended,501300,33731568,Posted: 22 July,all,SuperNovah,"A very nice game, I would recommend it to anyone who likes fantasy stories.These are some pros and cons for the game (in my opinion).Pros:- A very rich and interesting story, or should I say stories..?- Beautiful graphics.- Game mechanics are great and easy to use.- The story is narrated, which is great for people who can't play on high settings. Playing on low settings will result in a badly written text in some parts of the game (tried to see how it looks like), so the narrator comes in handy.- Few and easily obtained achievements, just in case you're looking for easy achievements in a game.Cons:- It felt short, I completed it in about 2 hours, and spent a little more time to get all the achievements. (could be a pro for some people I guess)- A bit expensive when it's selling for it's regular price, I grabbed it in the summer sale, it was 25% off, so I felt that it was worth it.- You'll probably feel like it's a walking simulator if you're not into fantasy stories, or stories in general.Hope I helped."
,Recommended,501300,34061552,Posted: 6 August,all,Nirvas,this game is awesome
,Recommended,501300,33254752,Posted: 4 July,all,Phantom,"Even though I only played for 4.1 hours, it was amazing! Loved every second of it."
76561198064068846,Recommended,501300,34000230,Posted: 3 August,all,Virtualninja,"In short this is an experience all be it a powerful one, which really should be played in one sitting.One that is well worth the few hours and a sale. However I have paid similar amounts for games that are not as good at story telling.Problem being that if I write about what makes this a great experience I risk spoiling, but I enjoyed every minute of this and hope to see more of this type of storytelling."
,Recommended,501300,34022624,Posted: 4 August,all,Mikel,"What Remains of Edith Finch is a short but stunning walking simulator. It follows the story of Edith Finch exploring her old home to find out more about her family line - it is almost like a collection of short stories about each member of the family. Each story is told with different original mechanics, which makes the game always feel interesting (I found my self often thinking 'this is genius'). One thing I can say about this game is that the art isabsolutely beautifuland so is the storytelling that goes along with it.Overall, the story is good but it isn't amazing (it's also pretty grim and dark). What more than makes up for that is the way the story is told, which exceeded my greatest expectations. The biggest downside of this game is it's length - it'll take you 2-3 hours to complete it and there is no replayability, so keep that in mind before you drop £15 on it. In addition, there is no FOV slider, so if you are prone to motion sickness then that's something to consider, although I had no issues with the low FOV personally."
,Recommended,501300,32644384,Posted: 22 June,all,Kesem.Sa,"The whole concept is awesome. How the story is been told is very unique, and I just love it."
76561198346085752,Recommended,501300,34019987,Posted: 4 August,all,ohhwell0525,A sometimes brilliant collection of tragic stories with a central narrative. Some of these moments will definately stick with you for a while after playing. It is a short game but could be thought of as more of an interactive novel/movie/experience than a game.Perhaps they could port The Unfinished Swan to the PC?
,Recommended,501300,33984470,Posted: 2 August,all,HungryVillagers,"Phenomenal game. Great storytelling, great style, overall great game. There's a lack of replayability, but the game itself is beyond worth it."
,Recommended,501300,33979625,Posted: 2 August,all,jimoth,"Phenomenal, superb, amazing! Never experienced a 'walking sim' with so much variety and such amazing environments!"
76561198061031292,Recommended,501300,34029938,Posted: 4 August,all,Bigoli Fettuccine,"This is one of the best pieces of interactive fiction I have experienced. There are so many interesting  and unique ideas used to tell the stories of the Finches. Despite its short length, I was a lot more invested in this game than in games like To The Moon and The Walking Dead because of how the gameplay and writing worked in tandem."
76561198042281354,Recommended,501300,34089109,Posted: 7 August,all,Niggle,Not even my type of game but it was bewilderingly entertaining with provactive sory telling.  It was very short which was sad but you could actually feel like you were in that world.  Would highly recommend if you want a good story with intriguing interaction and story telling.
,Recommended,501300,34089192,Posted: 7 August,all,paenton,Just wow...This game is an emotional rollercoaster.
76561197982239699,Recommended,501300,34096827,Posted: 7 August,all,Zacpod,"Flawless, profound, and fascinating.A great bit of storytelling!(If you liked Firewatch, then this'll be right up your alley)"
76561198035710444,Recommended,501300,31852078,Posted: 19 May,all,bluelobster,"One of the most beautiful and emotionally-moving games I've played.  Very similar to games like ""Gone Home.""  It's short (~ 2 hours to play) but the gameplay is as diverse as the stories you experience.  As you explore the house, you live the last moments of a dozen family members with unique gameplay mechanics for each one.  In one story, I was a child imagining myself as a cat, owl, shark, and them something ""else.""  In another, I read through a chillingly-narrated comic book and controlled the character's POV actions in several frames.  All in all, I would have paid more than $20 for an experience half as good as this game. I imagine I won't forget this experience anytime soon.I have to call out the soundtrack for being one of the best I've encountered recently - BUY THE SOUNDTRACK EDITION!"
,Recommended,501300,32259172,Posted: 7 June,all,CallMcGheeServicesToday,"Really good game, great storyline. I really loved the sountrack and graphics were completly on point! Just a couple of small glitches, but no dealbreakers!"
76561198263282324,Recommended,501300,33058011,Posted: 30 June,all,Luca_2513,"I simply loved to play this game. It is not very long and yeah - kind of a walking simulator. But it really got me thinking for a long time. I received it as a really deep and surreal experience with much to be figured out by yourself. Also, the storytelling was very involving and creative, which made for a diverse gameplay. I must say, I never got bored of exploring the intriguing world of Edith Finches family and I'm looking forward to replay some parts and look for other secrets.All in all, the game is not very long, but - for me - it's great visuals, the involving gameplay and depth of the stories that are told pretty much make up for that. So if you are a fan of story-rich games to think a lot about, Edith Finch will probably make you very happy."
,Recommended,501300,33570989,Posted: 15 July,all,QNCY,One of the best games I've played in a long time. Proves that a game doesn't need to be complex to be effective.
,Recommended,501300,33574143,Posted: 15 July,all,Kain Klarden,"What Remains of Edith Finch is both simple and extremely interesting. At the start it feels like something that will be close to, say, Gone Home - story-driven ambient exploration game. And it is. But the way that it tells it's story, or more specifically - many stories, - is where it gets interesting. The game, also with a lot of horror and mystery elements at the core of the stories, tells a tale of a history of a rather peculiar family, full of people who ended their life in an unusual and sometimes gruesome, but also very non-surprising way. To the point, where they were believed to be cursed, something that some of them tried to avoid, and some embrace.What is the most interesting aspect of the game is not just the way that it gives a very different tone and voice to each of those family member stories, but also how it almost always tries to enhance the story it tells through how you live through that story. Some of it is simple, some of it is stunningly effective. With the best example story being something that, if just told or shown, without any interactive element, would not have a very strong effect on the audience. But when told through the interaction, and quite simple, actually, it makes you connect to that story so much more. And the fact that those actions are actually quite simple, but yet work so well to tell the story is what sets it apart from similar attempts, like, say, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, that had more classic adventure game puzzles. And makes a lot of the actions you do in the game more meaningful.Which is not to say, that the game was all solid or all stories were similarly good. It is a bit disappointing how slightly more abruptly the game ends, even if it works like that intentionally, that I wish it did. Some of the stories it tells are a simple or too long. And exploratory bits had those slightly annoying parts where scripted animation takes priority in forcing you to walk somewhere or look a certain way. Which was understandable, but felt more restrictive than a lot of the smart bits, where such direction was instead enhancing the experience and helping the pace. Either way, I would highly recommend checking this game whenever you have 2-3 hours as it definitely worth it."
,Recommended,501300,33974552,Posted: 2 August,all,Lime11,"2 and a bit hours of poetry and emotion.This is a wonderful little game that manages to stand out from the crowd of generic walk 'em ups by being actually well made and thought out. There's a story to be told about the Finches, and the developers have told it marvelously. From start to finish I was 100% engaged and invested in the the story unfolding before me.Wondeful art and scenery, along with brilliant and vibrant enviroments make the game an absolute joy to walk through. Everthing is well thought out and interesting. I was constantly excited for what the game would pull out of it's hat next.All of the stories about the family members are fantastically sad and beautiful, with two in particular really standing out (you'll know them when you get to them). All the voice acting is great too, which is a nice change of pace from the usual indie dev team budget voice acting.If you like interesting stories being told in interesting ways, then you will like this game. Probably love it too. This isn't just another indie walking simulator story and even if you aren't a fan of the genre you'll find something to like about it here.An easy recommend from me."
,Recommended,501300,31563617,Posted: 5 May,all,gully,"Amazing visuals, attention to detail, great storyline, lots of feels, quirky gameplay, very well produced.But barely 2 hours long FFS.Definitely get it, but when it is on sale."
76561198108031310,Recommended,501300,31677427,Posted: 10 May,all,Captain Cuddles,I played this game. Got to the end. Started new game. Played to the end again.One helluva great story!!Well done Giant Sparrow. Well done.
76561198038706207,Recommended,501300,32032278,Posted: 28 May,all,MicraMartin,game of the year
,Recommended,501300,31545597,Posted: 4 May,all,s0nofg0d,"What remains of Edith Finch is a narrative story, more of a interactive movie, which immerses you in the story of the Finches, and the misfortune that befalls them.It is a walking Simulator, where there is not much you can do, but follow the story line by interacting with objects like doors, books etc.For INR 565, this game is a bit costly for the interaction, I would have placed it around INR 300.Play time is appproximately 3 hours, like a movie.But the graphics, narrative and the soundtrack are top notch and very immersive. The artwork and imagination are really compellling and there are quite a couple of moments where you just stand, take a pause and savor the beautiful landscapes.Play timer: 1Overrall rating: 6/10.Price justification: bought at INR 565, probably INR 300 would have been a better price.Play time: 3 hours."
76561198343464802,Recommended,501300,31738881,Posted: 13 May,all,ash2708,Absolutely beautiful game. It's left me stumped and with a lot of loose ends but the re-play value on this game is definitely there. Looking forward to more from Giant Sparrow!
,Recommended,501300,34131091,Posted: 9 August,all,iDevil360,"A very powerful game, telling its story in the best way it could."
76561198280683268,Recommended,501300,34112381,Posted: 8 August,all,smith1236,Love the game but too many glitches. I can't play on my laptop. I'm sad and awaiting patches to fix the glitches. Fingers crossed.
76561198119748531,Recommended,501300,34138627,Posted: 9 August,all,Podany,This masterpiece reminded me once more why I prefer videogames over any other kind of human artistic expression.
76561198135842377,Recommended,501300,31689150,Posted: 11 May,all,Mövn,One of the most touching and emmersive games i have seen. More than worth the 20 euros.
76561197970924244,Recommended,501300,31694648,Posted: 11 May,all,Woot,This game was a unique experience for me. The care and love that went into this game oozes out of its pores. The voice acting sound design are second to none.However long this game took finish would be too short because I didn't want it to end. This game was a unique and rich experience for me.
76561197971887144,Recommended,501300,31837547,Posted: 19 May,all,hi im bob,Brilliant. Get it.
,Recommended,501300,32015805,Posted: 28 May,all,LewisL³,Great game. Great story - very unique. 9/10
,Recommended,501300,32061975,Posted: 30 May,all,Randomshadows,"The most impressively original storytelling I've seen in a walking simulator game. The methods they use are varied and interesting. Excellent concept, beautiful execution. Art design, general atmosphere, soundtrack... all gorgeous.100% Must-buy, instant classic.If I was pushed for a flaw, it would be the lack of fluidity in movement and sounds when climbing stairs. But it doesn't impact the game enough to justify not picking it up.Highly recommend for fans of The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, Dear Esther, Everybody's Gone to the Rapture, The Stanley Parable and Gone Home."
76561197984737819,Recommended,501300,32165860,Posted: 3 June,all,No_SuRReNDeR,"I am not sure what I just witnessed, but its bloody brilliant. Words cant explain this, its an experience more than a game...but it in the way Journey for Ps3/4 brought me joy when I unlocked the secret... this brought me almost to tears at times, in a very good way.  Bravo...Oh and like journey its very short but dont let that sway you - I beat it in 2 hours-"
76561198192525535,Recommended,501300,31512169,Posted: 2 May,all,yevgenyt11,"A true masterpiece. Maybe not so much a traditional video game - more like an interactive movie, but a masterpiece. The charecters are deep and the story unfolds beautifully as you progress. This game is rich with details and has an amazing movie-like soundtrack. The ending will probably make you shed a tear (or two) but trust me - it is worth it."
,Recommended,501300,31517267,Posted: 2 May,all,hexadek,"Incredibly thoughtful game design and storytelling. I was continuously surprised by how often this game was able to surprise me both in terms of clever interactions and really using the medium exceptionally well to deliver the narrative.I was actually also very happy with the linearity of the game, which really let me enjoy the story instead of obsessing over possibly missed paths, hidden secrets, and backtracking frequently as I would do in most 'walking simulators'.Definitely worth the price of admission; can be easily finished in a couple hours, but the quality and care put into the experience more than justifies the cost."
,Recommended,501300,31535982,Posted: 3 May,all,trakker,"The game is short, gorgeous, touching, evocative, playful, sad, whimsical.The game is wanting to know, it’s that feeling of seeing a lit window in a building on a rainy day and wondering who lives there.The game is easy to pick up and play; it’s a game I’d recommend to my gamer friends, yes, but especially to my non-gamer friends, to let them see what games can do."
76561198008548506,Recommended,501300,31717854,Posted: 13 May,all,reubenhorne,Wow this game hit me hard. It works on so many levels. There is very little choice in the direction you take or so it seems (apart from a snippet of a segment in one of the time capsuled life size diorama set rooms in the mansion). So this is a walking simulation but perhaps the best I have experienced. It's sad - very sad - and melancholic. The bittersweet ending almost brought me to tears - the first time I have been moved by a game for as long as I can remember. It is a beautiful haunting achievement and I congratulate the developers and writers and thank them for this. If you are interested in a piece of digital artwork that engages you on a deeper emotional level then buy this game.
,Recommended,501300,31720067,Posted: 13 May,all,ArianeV,"So beautiful, poetic, sensitiveVery short, but you can't just stop until the end, eagerly waiting to understand what happened to this familyif this game doesn't make you cry, you're probably not a  human being"
76561198165342048,Recommended,501300,31739396,Posted: 13 May,all,Krug,"Brilliant Story. I wouldn't call it a game, but that doesn't matter. My time well invested."
,Recommended,501300,31846292,Posted: 19 May,all,metcalfemt89,"Bought this game based on all of the brilliant feedback seen.  I have to agree, this game is fantastic and a must buy."
76561198019424810,Recommended,501300,31852277,Posted: 19 May,all,Doubleclick,"Beautiful. I love how far this type of game is going, so soon. Very creative and emotional."
76561198030910473,Recommended,501300,31866595,Posted: 20 May,all,stardust,"If anyone asks me when did gaming become a mature story and art form for you ?, My answer will be when I played “Remains of Edith Finch” for the first itme."
76561198111668517,Recommended,501300,31916024,Posted: 23 May,all,SilverLining,"10/10 Masterpiece. Just imagine this game as a can of double shot esspresso, a highly condensed experience with fine quality! This game shows me that 'It’s not the quantity, but the quality that matters' !"
,Recommended,501300,32108853,Posted: 1 June,all,▸Yen◂,"Such a beautiful game, I enjoyed every bit of it :)I can proudly say that this is the best walking simulator I have ever played."
,Recommended,501300,32247612,Posted: 7 June,all,Nick,"Fantastic story, fantastic game. Veyr quirky and like nothing I've played before"
76561198137724736,Recommended,501300,32278981,Posted: 8 June,all,sparker256,"""What Remains of Edith Finch"" is an amazingly captivating story. I went through several enjoyable emotions throughout my playthrough such as happy, sad, laughing, weirded-out, confused, and sad some more. Even with the sadder moments in the game I was left feeling good I played this game. The dev team did an excellent job and the attention to detail is amazing. For example they do an great job of unobtrusively guiding you in the direction you need to go next. The game is easily completed in under 3 hours, even when wandering around looking for extras. That is probably my only small negative about it, but I would much rather have an excellent 3 hour game than a crap 8 hour game.All-in-all I think this game is definitely worth the price tag and am quite glad I picked it up. I am confident you will be too."
76561197986118735,Recommended,501300,32316274,Posted: 10 June,all,Wasteland,Not ashamed to say that this wonderfull and moving game hit me in ways i never expected.  A true masterpiece of story telling that i will never forget.  Thank you to the developers of this experiance
76561197977084158,Recommended,501300,32550776,Posted: 18 June,all,Escape Artist,"Best $20 spent in a very long time.Great story and beautiful visuals. If you like a game that intrigues you, I would recommend this."
76561198240848370,Recommended,501300,32611156,Posted: 20 June,all,tamshores,2 best game of 2017 right behind night in the woods but butifull and peacefull
,Recommended,501300,33131355,Posted: 2 July,all,yorkshirerimmer,"Not really my sport of game, but I'd heard so many good reviews and praise for the game I thought I'd give it a go. Really amazing story and the attention to detail is stunning. The game isn't the longest (maybe 2-3 hours), but each individual story is so meticulously designed and animated that it felt like I spent a lot longer playing through it, because it was so immersive. Highly recommended"
76561197972505537,Recommended,501300,33197916,Posted: 3 July,all,matthew.rodgerson,"Brilliantly atmospheric and beautifully made, this is not to be missed. I'm usually a fan of shooty games but enjoy intelligent TV, books and films, and really that's what this game is more like - an emotionally engaging, captivating film or book. My one criticism would be that the end (or more precisely certain elements near the end) of the story is a little too ambiguous"
76561198106963571,Recommended,501300,33572757,Posted: 15 July,all,bernardoconnell2000,"WOW! What a beautiful game. The way they used the game medium to tell the story was awesome, especially for the later stories. This is the best game of this sort that I've played and went a good bit beyond just a walking simulator."
76561197975551289,Recommended,501300,33979975,Posted: 2 August,all,TuRoK 2....,"INGEBORG...........Amazing..........Its my dead mother. Thats ♥♥♥♥ed up, it made me cry."
76561198076040960,Recommended,501300,32260672,Posted: 7 June,all,animatzioismydrg,Loved it! Exceptional. A masterpiece!
76561198261971753,Recommended,501300,32521276,Posted: 17 June,all,Azaarus,"I was completely blown away by this game! It was beautifully executed, the story was intriguing and kept me completely immersed, and the ending... well... you should play it to see for yourself.There were a couple bugs that have a quick fix. If you do not have a high end graphics card and get stuck by an event not triggering, go into the graphics setting and reduce all graphics to medium. This will allow the event to trigger, then you can crank the graphics back up again. I had to do this for two separate events.All in all, well worth the price of the game."
,Recommended,501300,32608961,Posted: 20 June,all,Dovahkiin5247,I love this game so much
76561198350066648,Recommended,501300,32612270,Posted: 21 June,all,wynvkius,If you haven't played What Remains of Edith Finch you absolutely must. It's not a long game by any means but it is more than worth the price. A truly unique experince.
,Recommended,501300,32953545,Posted: 28 June,all,RyRy79261,I just play this game from start to finish and by damn it's one of the best pieces of narative driven gaming I've had in ages.That story will stick with me for an age to come.
,Recommended,501300,33085484,Posted: 1 July,all,fabN,Best story ever heard. I wept at the end. Nothing to say more about.....
76561198017380973,Recommended,501300,33567818,Posted: 15 July,all,BlomSauS,"This ♥♥♥♥in game....This... ♥♥♥♥in... Game...The last game that gave me these feelz after finishing, was The last of us.i loved it... graphics are great, game play is great ( slow walk didnt bother me at all!) music/sounds are great, story is AMAZING!.i even watched the damn credits, wich i never do on games!20 euros for this game is very much worth it, even though its just a 2 hour game...these were the best 2 hours spent on a game in 2017 so far for me.."
76561198001268918,Recommended,501300,33978747,Posted: 2 August,all,Matt Suomi,"I had bought this some time ago and I was waiting for a moment when I could try this. Well it arrived one evening. I really didn't know what to expect from this game. Maybe something similar with Gone Home and these have something in common, but boy was I in for a ride. I was totally surprised and I enjoyed playing the game more than I have since.. err.. since some game some time ago.This isn't really fast paced and the walking speed is maybe a bit too slow, but this time it didn't matter. I was planning on playing this for only a bit, but I had to finish it in one sitting. I don't wanna spoil what are the bits I liked, so all I can say is that this is a game worth every penny. Especially if you've fancied playing classic adventure games or Firewatch or even Rise of Tomb Raider's DLC Blood Ties."
76561198050360678,Recommended,501300,31615374,Posted: 7 May,all,FrenchSilk,"When games and stories meet they create a wonderful interactive world that a book can never provide. What seems like an innocent tale at first has more layers than expected.  10/10 worth the price if you enjoy games that are more of a storytelling prop than open world or FPS. This game obviously only has one direction and one ending, however you can play through it again later after the initial play through if you like. I'm not sure it has much replay value as the story would be the same, but all the same I thoroughly enjoyed it's imagination and emotive side."
76561198051502555,Recommended,501300,31676839,Posted: 10 May,all,WhiskeyMcnair,"Highly recommend this game, the graphics are great, the detail is insane, and the story is absolutely fantastic. A rollercoaster of emotions and a drive of pure curiosity. Not to mention very artistic and interesting elements to the game I've never seen before. This game is a breath of fresh air for unique indie games."
76561198064591336,Recommended,501300,31732601,Posted: 13 May,all,jokanaan12,"I just want to express my gratitude to you guys for making this game. When I bought it, I didn't know what to think of it. It made me smile, made me cry and made me think. Thanks for that :)Wonderful game with a brilliant plot and soundtrack.I could possibly find sth negative about the game but what's the point when your overall experience is so positive.10/10"
76561198045504193,Recommended,501300,31815463,Posted: 17 May,all,Max27183141,"It is the length and price of a movie. If you like naritive driven games with great writing, a beautiful look, and several interesting gameplay gimics, don't pass this one up. Very worth your time."
,Recommended,501300,31864898,Posted: 20 May,all,Fudgethatshoot,Amazing!
76561198084145309,Recommended,501300,33984697,Posted: 2 August,all,Jasx,"Amazing story, highly recommended"
76561197962322894,Recommended,501300,32023323,Posted: 28 May,all,TehObvious,"This is by far the best walking simulator I ever played and one of my favourite games of all time. There are so many ""WTF?, I like this idea"" moments.If you like walking simulators you have to play it."
76561197973546950,Recommended,501300,32023548,Posted: 28 May,all,OCC,"The first walking simulator which did not bore me. The visual storytelling is absolutely outstanding, and the gameplay is also fun and varied. One of the few games that gets better over time."
76561198197507699,Recommended,501300,32070937,Posted: 30 May,all,ajwake,A great story superbly told with great artwork and a soundtrack that perfectly compliments the emotional rollercoaster that takes you through the Finch family album. I'm heartened that games like this are produced and have exposure; I look forward to any future work these developers produce. First class.
76561198012935756,Recommended,501300,32602633,Posted: 20 June,all,Sarah_Dracula,"This a real gem....Beautiful visuals and a haunting soundtrack mixed with a complex and emotional story transport you for the few hours you experience it. Easily played in one sitting as I did, completely worth the price, I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys story driven experiences in gaming."
76561198035465707,Recommended,501300,33550863,Posted: 14 July,all,✪Traffic,"One of my favorite games in recent memory.  If you like story rich, walking simulator type games with some puzzle elements you NEED to play this game.  The game design is very original and the game is beautiful from both a visual quality and story standpoint.  Can't wait to play through this one again."
76561197977220845,Recommended,501300,33566994,Posted: 15 July,all,Edner,"Wow. What an impactful story game. Story, music, acting, design, ""mini games""... All fantastic. Please play this."
76561198072364350,Recommended,501300,31614033,Posted: 7 May,all,VzRedemption,"A truly unique, touching gameplay experience. A walking simulator in name only, this gem of a game is a collection of diverse scenarios about each member of the Finch family. Every story features different mechanics that serve to drive home the narrative of the person they are about, and are all fun in their own ways. The environments are beautifully detailed, the music is minimal yet perfect, and the variety in gameplay is a joy to play, but the heart-wrenching tale about the tragedy of this family is where this game really shines.10/10"
76561197962359715,Recommended,501300,31644167,Posted: 9 May,all,Fineous,"It's not often that I post a review, but I feel this game deserves one.It's been a very long time since I played a game that evoked strong emotions. Such a wonderful tale narrated in a way I can only describe as beautiful. The care and detail the creators put into telling the story shows throughout the entire game. I enjoyed every minute of it. I couldn't stop until I finished.The only other game I can think of that is somewhat similar is Seventh Guest. It used a similar method of weaving a tale room by room while revealing a little more of what happened.Overall, a lovely game and wonderful story. Hats off to the creators. You guys really did a great job!"
76561198006379541,Recommended,501300,31690968,Posted: 11 May,all,Woody,"An interesting experiment in interactive story telling. The game is short enough to enjoy in a single sitting and the narrative is enjoyable, though perhaps a little too simple and predictable at times.I did find the controls a bit clumsy in places, and it would be nice if cutscenes were skippable when replaying individual stories (sitting through the comic book scene a second time whilst hunting an achievement was a pain) but these complaints are minor and overall the game is worth playing."
76561198071279571,Recommended,501300,31717283,Posted: 12 May,all,3D Lasagna Napkin,"Hands Down, one of the most creativley told stories Ive ever witnessed."
,Recommended,501300,31826305,Posted: 18 May,all,CaptainAwkward,Amazing game. Plot and content are really good. Art work is really beautiful.
,Recommended,501300,32044383,Posted: 29 May,all,doctorsleem,"Great stories, left me with that beautiful sad feeling. Highly recommended."
76561197975704386,Recommended,501300,32375743,Posted: 12 June,all,Calian1981,"Shut up and sit down. This is one of the best games i have played the last 10 years.It will drag you into the game like i have never seen it before. It is truly a unique piece of art.The textures are somewhat smooth, clear beautiful like high budget titles like Alien-Isolation.The art of storytelling by writing the letters on the playscreen is avantgarde and will be seen in future in other games.If you have someone, who doesn´t understand why gaming in these days is so famous, this is one title you can show why it is. This is pure art of storytelling. Sometimes scary, sometimes funny, sometimes thoughfull. The joy of the creativity minds of the developers is withhin every minute. 10/10"
76561197988128748,Recommended,501300,32541451,Posted: 18 June,all,Edwin Crowly,Well I'm just adding this comment to the overall pool of positive comments. I think it's just a little diamond in visual storytelling... made me sit and stare at the screen thinking about life for quite some time after I finished it.
76561198062552144,Recommended,501300,32596941,Posted: 20 June,all,SoulAJ,"What remains of Edith Finch is a slow game. Where other games would jog you along and let you bypass the enviroments, this game forces you to slow down and take in every single moment. By no means is this a bad thing, the game is so beautiful that it would be a crime to bypass them. Accompanied along is an incredible soundtrack that sets the mood with every new area. I believe, that this game can be enjoyed by anyone at anytime and only by savoring every fleeting moment of it will you grasp all that you payed for.I would whole heartedly recommend this game to people and after playing it, you will too."
,Recommended,501300,32607357,Posted: 20 June,all,Falcor5000,"After a decades long hiatus, I've only recently returned to gaming. Looking back now, I realize I'd vastly underestimated how much the technology of today has changed the expertience of gaming from what I remember in my youth. This paradigm shift was incredibly intimidating, and had it not been for the advent of VR, I might have just stayed away all together. Luckily, VR's novelty leveled the playing field for me, and feeling more confident in my abilities, I decided to branch out and try some non-VR games. After buying and playing many of the most popular FPS shooter, survival horror, RPG, and MMO titles, I was left a little disappointed in what I found. There was no connection for me, no magic, and no sense of discovery. Then I found ""What Remains of Edith Finch"" and everything changed.WREF is the kind of game/experience I'd hoped I'd find when I came back to gaming; rich with narrative and innovative storytelling techniques that grab you and don't let you walk away until the journey is complete; an experience that elevates the player and the industry, regardless of age or any other demographic. ""What Remains of Edith Finch"" is a masterful example of gaming's ability to revolutionize the art of storytelling into something nothing short of transcendent."
76561197983401247,Recommended,501300,32612654,Posted: 21 June,all,mweb,A wonderful experience.  Very imaginative. Excellent artwork and environments.  Interesting variety of ways to tell the stories. Loved it.
76561198073378413,Recommended,501300,33130235,Posted: 2 July,all,LT.Horsey Claus,hi there people this is my GOTY of a walking sim. It has a good story. good and mini game. and alot to fine and do. but the ending is good not the best but it there but it dose not matter the story so Good. i hope the people who made it make more game`s like. 10/10thx people for looking at this
76561197973297896,Recommended,501300,33208078,Posted: 3 July,all,Tsyklon,"What Remains of Edith Finch is easily one of the most moving games I've ever played.  I use the term 'game' loosely, as it's more of an interactive story with simple minigames... but the way in which these minigames are executed is immersing and very well done. I can't remember the last time I felt so attached to a character I barely knew. In summary, although it's short, it's beautifully crafted, incredibly detailed, and a true work of art. You can tell that it was a labor of love by the developers.10/10, would call parents again."
,Recommended,501300,33906050,Posted: 30 July,all,Storms13,"When I was first reading the reviews for this game, I kept seeing claims of people crying because of this game.  Going into it, I figured knowing this ahead of time would prevent it from happening to me.  So much for that theory......   HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,501300,31688881,Posted: 11 May,all,v0g3l,"Very touching!Brilliant design!It stays in your memory,3h is just fine!"
76561198077731596,Recommended,501300,32132569,Posted: 2 June,all,RZB-Deacon,"Impressive sad amazing story driven game! it is worth the 20 bucks even if it done in like 2 hoursperfect Amotsphere, feelings, musicanother developer which prooves that games can be short but still be worth the Money"
76561197995567700,Recommended,501300,32454087,Posted: 15 June,all,Tarkus,"What Remains of Edith Finch has taken me by surprise, and I don't hesitate to put it in my top five games of all time. I was captivated right at the very first minute, and didn't let it go until the end, in one increasingly intense, totally immersed session.The overall tone of the moment I spent exploring the Finch's house is close to perfection. The pacing and the way gameplay is intertwined with the story is absolutely masterful. At times, I was emotionnaly drawn to the game more than I care to admit, close to tears really, a point I don't recall reaching in any other videogame so far.I  think this game is a narrative masterpiece, a work of art, and a moment I will remember for a long time. I deeply recommend this game, and while I realize this may not be the usual cup of tea of many gamers, the sheer quality of this title places it above and beyond genres."
76561198280066203,Recommended,501300,32977043,Posted: 29 June,all,General Nicole,"This game is a masterpiece. The graphics look great and the music is beautiful. I loved every minute of it, felt like I actually live through the story. It has an unique feel to it. I actually cared about each character and it was very emotional in the end. I would only recommend this game, it's an amazing experience."
,Recommended,501300,33201832,Posted: 3 July,all,FeelsBadMan,An amazing story with breathtaking visuals and soundtracks. The controls are amazing and the stories told throughout are perfectly executed. i just with the game was longer is the only drawback
,Recommended,501300,33929988,Posted: 31 July,all,SpatenRundung,"""What Remains of Edith Finch"" offers a unique gaming experience with an incredible amount of creative ideas and love for detail. While playing the game, you can feel how much love and effort the developers put into this game.You shouldn't read and watch to much about it, as it could spoil your 2-3 hour experience.I would also recommend it to you, if you are denying walking simulator. But in this case I would wait for the next Steam Sale.Even if 20$ is a lot of money for such a short game, I think it is worth it."
,Recommended,501300,31448812,Posted: 29 April,all,dog,Only about 2 hours long which might put some people off but to me it was very worth the price of admission.If you like weird you'll probably like this game
76561198056524879,Recommended,501300,31948119,Posted: 25 May,all,Serenitykäht,"Sure it was short, but it gave the feeling of reading that book you never want to put down. The atmosphere is intense and the characters so well written. It's a must-play for me."
,Recommended,501300,31928137,Posted: 23 May,all,Buttsmacker,"Chilling, funny, quirky, beautiful, inventive."
,Recommended,501300,31935215,Posted: 24 May,all,Waffle,"If you're into incredible atmosphere and amazing story telling, please buy this immediately. This is one of the most visually stunning 'games' I've ever seen. It tells an incredible story in a profound and innovative way. You'll come away believing your money was well spent."
,Recommended,501300,31942817,Posted: 24 May,all,kryptolojik,"FPX, First Person Experiance.  Gone Home, Firewatch, Ethan Carter, Dear Esther... Edith Finch.   You like these types of games?  No challenge, all story.  Attention to detail, and atmosphere.  I consider the price tags on these games high.  The play time is under 3 hrs, more akin to an interactive movie than a video game.  If I would rank the games I listed above in order,  Edith Finch would stand at the top of that list.  Enough Said."
76561197970199656,Recommended,501300,31940244,Posted: 24 May,all,Deezlar,"Its a short game, but one that should be played, and savoured by anyone that enjoys a good strong story that draws you in and doens't let go.Think any Telltale game, but with 100% more creativity and storytelling prowess.Just play it.."
76561198005252935,Recommended,501300,32651182,Posted: 22 June,all,moeally,One of the best story telling ive ever played !!! Really makes you wanting more after. Dont miss it.
76561198010735967,Recommended,501300,31943789,Posted: 24 May,all,Kudryavka,"I have beaten the game and it took me just under two hours. If you're someone who defines a game's value by quantity, then definitely don't pick this up. There is almost no replay value whatsoever as well, so the two or three hours it takes for you to beat it is pretty much what you're paying for here.Quality-wise, it's a great game. Almost the entire voice cast is great, the story is not some vague ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you're not going to understand like so many other walking simulators, and the environments are really great. For the two hours you're exploring this house, it's a great experience.The story didn't get a huge emotional rise out of me like a lot of people claim it did for them, but certain parts of it made me feel dread, some made me feel pretty great, and others were definitely pretty sad. There were even a few moments that were pretty damn funny too. Overall, I left feeling pretty satisfied, though the predictable ending, along with the moral the game is pushing along (something which I've probably been told a dozen times in my life), didn't leave a very strong impression on me.The soundtrack is fantastic though. I loved it a lot, though it did run into the problem where a scene was sad not because of what was happening, but because of the music that was playing. Conversely, there are some scene where I think it would have been stronger WITHOUT the inspiring music playing, since the narrative was doing a great job explaining how your character was feeling at that moment, and it didn't need the soundtrack to reinforce it at all.Overall, it's a great game, but pretty short. For a twenty dollar price tag, I would honestly recommend waiting for a sale, but you'll probably feel satisfied with it regardless if you know what you're getting into."
,Recommended,501300,31889241,Posted: 21 May,all,Korovyov,"The writing is worth the purchase. Some of the stories are great. A few of the stories are absolutelyincredible.The atmosphere and music enhances the storytelling to a significant degree. If people wonder what immersive or interactive storytelling is, this is the example I would provide.It's the best in its genre so far."
,Recommended,501300,32807041,Posted: 26 June,all,2B or not 2B,"A short heartwarming collection of tales of the members of the Finch family mixed with emotions, humour and some feel good moments. The art design, atmosphere and graphics were very good that i wish the game was long so that i can spend more time in it. The way the text is displayed and the narration was very intriguing . The small gameplay segments were fresh and interesting to play.A very breezy atmospheric game that will leave a happy tear on you when you finish. I did not cry like many reviews describe here (exaggerating may be?) but a good game. Can be finished in 2hrs but the passion with which the game was created is good that i found it worth the money :)"
,Recommended,501300,34145352,Posted: 10 August,all,Lilith | Moonshi,"This is THE BEST storyteller game i've ever played, I almost started to cry.The only downside i would say is that the controls are a littelbit wierd. But i loved this game so much even if doesn't have that long of a story.10/10"
76561198038852652,Recommended,501300,32186402,Posted: 4 June,all,gui8fei,"Immersive gameplay, touching storylines and characters, great OST.The devs visibly took times to find new ways to tell stories, and they succeded.Great experience. Thank you."
,Recommended,501300,31759305,Posted: 14 May,all,Metals,This is a great game. It has a very playful atmosphere and the story is filled with positivity. The dialogue is mostly light hearted and full of humor. There is also an insane amount of replay value and a co-op mode too.
,Recommended,501300,32585854,Posted: 20 June,all,Megagon,Very unique gameplay and beautiful environment.
,Recommended,501300,34245460,Posted: 14 August,all,soc hexum,I'll never forget this game.  Played it twice.
,Recommended,501300,33191163,Posted: 3 July,all,Xmoono,"For anyone who loves a good story, this is a must play.EDIT:Played it twice already, and I'm probably going to play it again. Not because it has a good replay value, but because i want to share this game with other people."
,Recommended,501300,34883725,Posted: 11 September,all,Feinnair,"This is really bad.Even though the game has bugs, and some of them really made me frustrated, I just can't give it a thumbs down, I just can't."
76561198298595468,Recommended,501300,34941657,Posted: 13 September,all,Hourless,"Pro's:-Unique Gameplay-Immersive Enivronment-Engaging Story-Great soundtracksCon's:-Too short, wish it was made into a 3 or 5 episode season-Not much replayabilityOverall I recommend it but if I was you just take your time with it, just like reading a book enjoy all the features and get the full experience,Oh yeah and got my $24 so that's a bonus."
76561198184796807,Recommended,501300,35150341,Posted: 23 September,all,Chubbles The Pig,"It's so beautiful! I love the story, the art, the sound!"
76561198115106289,Recommended,501300,31988601,Posted: 26 May,all,Yaki Senpai,Powerful storytellingMesmerizing gameplay. You loose track of time completely.Awesome narration/voice acting.Great graphics.I'd give this game 10/10
,Recommended,501300,35198013,Posted: 25 September,all,ObiWannnabe,"Kinda similar to ""Gone Home"" but with a bit more interactivity and a more surreal and creepy story. A great example of the kind of storytelling that only games can provide."
,Recommended,501300,35232421,Posted: 26 September,all,USMCsky,"Yes it is short. Yes the price is fairly high for a short game. Think of it as a rollercoaster. Have you ever waited in a 30 or 60 minute line for a three minute ride??? Is the thrill worth it? Must be, because we climb into that next line. Well, What Remains of Edith Finch is a 2 hour rollercoaster ride of emotions if you play it correctly. If you run through the story and do not reflect on stuff, WROEF or any game like it is not for you."
,Recommended,501300,33246117,Posted: 4 July,all,Jumpman Jawsh,"The world is so unbelivably immersive and the story is intriguing. I'm not a fan of ""walking simulators"" but WRoEF mixed up the gameplay mechanics in some of the most unique ways that I never found myself bored. Truly a masterpiece in storytelling. It's a shame it's so short (I beat it in the time in my review, but some people who take it slower could get more time out of it)."
,Recommended,501300,33587623,Posted: 16 July,all,bsok,"What Remains of Edith Finch, a game about a series of unfortunate events that leave a family detached and broken. Unanswered questions lead Edith back to her childhood home, hoping to answer the mysteries of her past life. Excellent narative, not alot of gameplay."
76561198013127756,Recommended,501300,34966688,Posted: 15 September,all,Conman540,"A fantastically written game about an unfortunate family's stories. Walking sims bore me personally, but this game grabbed my attention and held it until the credits were over. It was so interesting. The gameplay was original and it felt great to live the story I'm reading about. The graphics are fantastic, and the voice acting is solid too. Overall a great game. 8/10 (5 being average) Only complaint is how short it is. If I wanted to, I could refund it, but I feel it would be wrong to take my money back if I enjoyed it this much."
,Recommended,501300,34998634,Posted: 16 September,all,tunikb,"If anyone out here still doubts video games as an art form, that person shall play through this. What Giant Sparrow Games crafted here is exceptionally creative in many ways. It's hard to put it in words, but the game left me with goosebumps every single time I touched it. I wish there was more of this."
76561198424164418,Recommended,501300,34984607,Posted: 15 September,all,allison,love the game its so fun and so cool. p.s.my favorit chareter is barbara.
,Recommended,501300,35008796,Posted: 16 September,all,Jeflux,"The game gripped me from the first 10 minutes and continued to deliver a solid experience for the next 2 hours.The game is best experienced in one session, in my opinion.I really can't recommend this game enough!"
,Recommended,501300,31988904,Posted: 26 May,all,christianled59,"Absolutely lovely. I was intrigued from beginning to end. This is one of the few pieces of media to ever make me cry; and honestly this hit me pretty damn hard.Its short, beautiful, and poetic.An artistic masterpiece that you should experience for yourself.10/10"
,Recommended,501300,31979840,Posted: 26 May,all,Connormac99,"What a great game!I found the stories really interesting, and they just got better as it went on. And the minigames were just so pleasant and just made everything that more capivating, interesting and immersive!"
,Recommended,501300,32600053,Posted: 20 June,all,[ars] tarbox,"A fantastic journey exploring a family history - one of the most unique games I have ever played, even if 'played' is not the correct term - it is more an unravelling story that includes intriguing tangents and creative interactions -I am not normally a fan of these types of narrative activities, but the storytelling and surprises along the way, especially the fantastic imagery and unexpected diversions, make me entirely recommend this to anyone - what a trip!"
76561198065791066,Recommended,501300,33442418,Posted: 10 July,all,Maxificent,"I was not a fan of ""walking simulators"".I am not a fan of ""walking simulators"".I am a huge fan of this game.It is not a ""walking simulator"", it's an interractive first person story book.If you ever had a favourite book as a young child with large, pretty, colourful illustrations, play this game.If you insist on lumping this in with other ""walking simulators"", then it puts all of them to shame, because it is so much more than what you might expect."
76561198020928273,Recommended,501300,33170275,Posted: 2 July,all,lycanus,"Incredibly moving story. Very well written. Each relative's story is told in a unique, interesting way. I cried so hard at the end. All of the feels, all of them. Twice. It might hit me harder since I am a parent, but even if you are not this story will move you. I played through it in one sitting (only took a few hours) which I recommend if you want the full emotional impact. I got it on sale but even at full price I would say this was worth it. The feelings this game brought out will stay with me for a long time. I play a lot of games but not very many keep you thinking about them after you beat them. Play it, you won't be disappointed. Trust me."
76561198085556643,Recommended,501300,35259933,Posted: 28 September,all,Aube,This isn't just a game.It literaty made such a great point about life and death.A Must play if you lose someone.
,Recommended,501300,35250728,Posted: 27 September,all,Kitten 😺,Good game but what even was that fish and character scene. Someone explain please.
76561197970561757,Recommended,501300,35217193,Posted: 26 September,all,Rafen,"What Remains of Edith Finch is the best interactive fiction I've played since The Beginner's Guide.Imaginative, thoughtful, moving.10/10"
,Recommended,501300,35499631,Posted: 5 October,all,Leonel,"I hardly write reviews but this game deserves it, yes it is short at a little more than two hours but this isn't much a game as it is an experience in how far storytelling can go in this medium. If you like good story telling don't even hesitate."
,Recommended,501300,31402027,Posted: 27 April,all,Lurtz,So beautiful it makes you cry.
,Recommended,501300,34024510,Posted: 4 August,all,johntherussian,Yes.
,Recommended,501300,33957789,Posted: 1 August,all,blair,This game could and should be a movie. Probably the most pure story driven game I've played. It will have you laughing one moment and sad the next. Buy it.
,Recommended,501300,34016714,Posted: 4 August,all,Marcuz,What Remains of Edith FinchThis game has a sad family history but it was interesting to hear them all what happen to themevery stories has different view and different gameplayExporing the house was fun looking for secrets doors and puzzlesIt is a walking simulator game...well this one feels different to mei give this game a 8/10 RIP
76561198269513666,Recommended,501300,33133659,Posted: 2 July,all,Marwen,"Although i recommend people to play this game i wouldn't go as far as to say that this game is amazing. I will keep it short in the start and i will go into detail later for people that don't like long reviews.Pros:Amazing graphics,screen writing was poetic,each story you will ""read"" will take you to an amazing world and sometimes it changes the art style which makes the game very compeling. You get the feeling of a horror environment which keeps you at the edge of your sit.Cons: Walking is so slow in this game and was so annoying that at times i was loosing my immersion, story was unfinished in my eyes, mechanics were confusing, game was very short, ending (for me) was very unsatisfying.In more detail:I enjoyed the game, it took me at the edge of my sit at times and kept me interested untill i got dissapointed in the end. Its like ordering an amazing meal which looks and smells great when you get it but when you taste it, it gives you a bitter taste. The speed of the character was so annoying, especially when there was a long distance between you and the next ""objective"". The game is short but long enough for the story that its trying to say. Over all i was satisfied from the game except the ending. I don't want to get into more detail since its spoilers. If you are a person that is enjoying story driven walking simulators with a short story then you should play this game, BUT get it on sale, its original price is alot for the amount of time you spend in game (for me almost 2 hours). Cheers!"
,Recommended,501300,33959589,Posted: 1 August,all,The Sombrero Kid,"You can play this in one sitting and it's never boring, it's really varied and polished and the story is good, what more can you ask?"
76561198214673363,Recommended,501300,34259483,Posted: 15 August,all,Edgy The Arabian 飛べ,Stop blaming Fate for your own mistakes.One of the best games i've played in years !!this game is short the rest is GOLDi recommend Stronglyi'll keep an eye on this studio
76561198162908171,Recommended,501300,34404433,Posted: 21 August,all,♫ Dulcinea ♫,"After The Walking Dead 1+2 this is the first game where I am like I want more, morrre, mooooore, moreeeee, moaaaar please!After just finishing the game I need to add that it bursts from diversity and creativity more than any other game I have ever played so far. It is an incredible piece of art and I love it."
,Recommended,501300,34570438,Posted: 28 August,all,imbozimo,"For the first hour or so of playing this game, I felt disappointed, mainly because it wasn't the game I had hoped it would be. I'm a fan of the so-called ""walking simulator"" genre, and my preference is for them to let the player loose in an environment, free to piece together the narrative for themselves. Edith Finch is much more linear and restricted. But once I stopped being disappointed in what it wasn't, I started appreciating it for what it was - a mostly linear, but achingly beautiful game, full of short vingettes that each tell a different story with unique gameplay mechanics that all enhance your understanding of the narrative. The more I come back to it or think about it, the more I love this game. It's the sort of thing that grows on you, that reveals itself to you bit by bit, even when you're not playing and your memories of the story is just rolling around in your head.What Remains of Edith Finch is not the game I expected or wanted, but I am so, so glad I played it anyway. Gorgeous musical score, great sound design, beautiful art direction, wonderful writing, and overflowing with creativity. In a weird way, it's kinda like a video game analogue for Disney's Fantasia.Highly recommended.***Just so you know, this is not a cheerful game. It's all about sadness and tragedy. It's amazing, but it's also a downer, so just be aware of that when going in. You might not want to play this on a bad day."
,Recommended,501300,33667235,Posted: 20 July,all,Mkay,"Amazing game. Beautiful storytelling, creative gameplay, awesome visuals. Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,501300,33665725,Posted: 19 July,all,Scion Games,AMAZING storytelling. So fresh.
,Recommended,501300,33751547,Posted: 23 July,all,Jol,"I rarely ever write reviews, but this game is one of the most artistic games in story telling I have ever played. From the moment I started, to the moment it ended I was hooked. I loved learning more about the family, their pasts, and sadly also their ends. The stories of all the Finch family members were told in really creative ways, with each family member having their own gameplay mechanics in their story. The atmosphere is constantly present and that combined with fun mechanics, an interesting story and a fitting soundtrack makes it one of my favorite games in recent memory."
,Recommended,501300,33757291,Posted: 23 July,all,fuzzyslug,What an incredibly well told story.
,Recommended,501300,33757664,Posted: 23 July,all,Sergeant Scorpio,"Unexpectedly moving, incredible vignettes into lives cut too short. Exploring the Finch household creates a sense of wonder akin to The Vanishing of Ethan Carter."
,Recommended,501300,31786337,Posted: 16 May,all,🎃Bad Dream🎃,"This is not a video game it's an experience. This game is the story of the FInch Family and the horrible history of them some of the stories are boring, others are sad in general play it at night in a darkly lit room for the best experience"
,Recommended,501300,33224755,Posted: 4 July,all,Queen Nothing,"Such a shame this was a short game, but the details and stunning graphics made this worth it in strides. One of the most depressing and beautiful stories told in game that I've played so far, with even the most darkest stories somehow lightened by the visual style in which they were portrayed. Would love to see what Giant Sparrow creates next - Truly one unique and haunting experience."
76561197995479709,Recommended,501300,31869308,Posted: 20 May,all,Anybody owns Wii U?,It's not just a game. It's Art.Это не просто игра. Это Искусство.
,Recommended,501300,31886294,Posted: 21 May,all,Abdhul and The Funky Bunch,"The amount of effort this game must have taken. Please, play it. It won't take long: its pace is meticulous, and the story is haunting. It's an amazing game."
,Recommended,501300,31889246,Posted: 21 May,all,PaPiVHS,"One of the best games i have ever played, too bad its a bit short. But quality over quantity is what i like"
,Recommended,501300,34457605,Posted: 24 August,all,Thyrandus,"I've never written a review before, but What Remains of Edith Finch certainly deserves whatever homage I can pay through words.It's an experience, like reading a book. It's a process of discovery, as you walk through the Finch's mansion and find out what happened to each member of the family. The narrative is griping and intriguing; the flow and pace are on point.And the soundtrack, oh the soundtrack. Masterfully composed and capable of transporting you to this beautifully crafted tale.Don't think twice: play it. Better yet: live it, share it and remember it.10/10 would wipe my memory to play this masterpice again."
,Recommended,501300,33960883,Posted: 1 August,all,PALMEN,"""What Remains of Edith Finch"" is an excellent piece of art that evokes curiosity."
,Recommended,501300,31362339,Posted: 25 April,all,threedotonefour,"Fantastic game! It's basically Gone Home, but weirder."
,Recommended,501300,32727853,Posted: 24 June,all,Arkan01d,This is one of those games you really just need to buy and experience. Any review would give away the surprises. But those feelings you had as a child? This game somehow brings them all back.10/10 Would fly again
,Recommended,501300,31353741,Posted: 25 April,all,Mask,"I will keep this brief, this is as much a game as it is art. I really enjoyed unraveling each story and the dialogue that followed.  This is the kind of writing that even AAA films have difficulty creating and its because of this high quality story telling that I am excited to see more from this team of developers. I had the experience of meeting the devs at a convention and I cannot express what awesome people they are overall, If you want a good story have a few hours, buy this game and support these dudes. P.S. Liked your game Steve, was good meeting you at PSX!"
76561197979901777,Recommended,501300,31472915,Posted: 30 April,all,Stealthpyro,Great story. Really kept me engaged.
76561197962698184,Recommended,501300,31473361,Posted: 30 April,all,Sh00rs1gn,"An extremely well crafted and enjoyable experience. Short, bittersweet with a unique and original way of telling short stories. A delight to play that left me feeling like I just wanted to be cuddled up for a time.I guess I'm sad now / 10Would recomend!"
76561198037717760,Recommended,501300,34865087,Posted: 10 September,all,KREPTiiK,"10/10Beautiful story,Amazing soundtrack.Worth giving a go for sure."
,Recommended,501300,34805469,Posted: 7 September,all,Takkun,"Simply amazing. Everything about the design in this game is so brilliant. The narrative is told in such a intuitive, creative, yet foundationally solid manner. Perfect."
,Recommended,501300,35093478,Posted: 20 September,all,BlackSymmetry,"Very smart and emotional journey through the eyes of Edith Finch. A bit short, but nothing short of a masterpiece."
,Recommended,501300,35008881,Posted: 16 September,all,woolieB,"It needs to feed , and we both know.I...will be...delicious."
76561198039227604,Recommended,501300,31558137,Posted: 5 May,all,empty,"This is sincerely one of the best games I've ever played. What this team gets and is so often missed by other developers is that in a story driven game, you should tell it in a way that only a game can. The mechanics of storytelling in What Remains of Edith Finch are the new bar set that all future developers should strive to achieve."
,Recommended,501300,33238057,Posted: 4 July,all,Arugin,"Game is short but every minute is the masterpiece. So, stop reading comments, just buy it."
76561198340882743,Recommended,501300,31375688,Posted: 26 April,all,Igotchyafool,Amazing game. Extremely interesting and emotional story.11/10 would transform from a 10 y.o girl into a toilet crawling monster again
,Recommended,501300,31358868,Posted: 25 April,all,kmv.master,This is short but beautiful story!
76561198039985325,Not Recommended,501300,35117305,Posted: 21 September,all,starhutch88,"It's been hard to get this a negative review. I like the graphics, and the gameplay. It's beautiful and atmospheric. But when it comes down to it I found myself really disappointed in the ending.spoilerspaceThe story makes no sense. At the end, there are still a lot of questions about what's going on with the family and why things happened like they did. You come >this< close to finding out, but then it's pulled away from the player. We're not allowed to know, and I feel because there really isn't a story here. Just a lot of scenes that don't really tie together into a complete story.Which is really a shame, since the rest of it is so well done.So, I can't recommend it. After going through all that, only to find out at the end that we don't get to know what was going on,  that it's just not worth it."
,Recommended,501300,34268434,Posted: 15 August,all,✔kupis1408,"""What did I just watch?"" - Said many after done watching the game's trailer (Including me, lol.)What Remains of Edith Finch is not your ordinary walking simulator, you, as one of The Finches family members will go deep into the story & immerse yourself with unique storytelling from multiple perspectives in finding the truths kept hidden away from you for some reason. There will be certain time you think it's a horror game, and later it turns into something more trippy, but at the end of each story, it will make you feel emotional... or complicated.Jaw has been dropped, mind has been blown away, and I loved it~ Now its your turn to enjoy the unforgetable journey like no others!"
,Not Recommended,501300,33937615,Posted: 31 July,all,KripTed,"The game is kind of decent. The story is somewhat okay and can be very immersive BUT only for 1.8 hours. There's not really any gameplay in this game, it's nothing but a walking simulator. It's probably one of the better walking simulators I've played, but that doesn't change the fact that it's shorter than a popsicle stick. It may be very atmospheric and good at telling the story but it just doesn't tell it for a good length. Just because this game is literally shorter than a lawn gnome, I'm giving it a negative review. I'd love to see more from these developers and this company, but that's only if they can manage to produce a game longer than 1.8 hours. How this game got a overwhelmingly positive is really baffling. I guess they forgot to take off their goggles and see the true flaws. Sure it's creative but the acting is not the best, nor is the story. The story doesn't even explain much at all and the ending is just as bad as the length of this game. It literally ends up being ""All of that, for nothing?"" Overall I'd give this game a 6.5 out of 10 at best. Down vote all you want, but it's my truth."
,Recommended,501300,31371580,Posted: 26 April,all,MasterQueeferino,"Amazing. Great story, atmosphere and unique story telling.Loved every minute of it."
76561198080038754,Not Recommended,501300,31954943,Posted: 25 May,all,3uzz3uzz,"Definitely worth playing if you have money to throw away. It is what it is. It isn't great and its not bad. Slightly disappointing. Extremely short and linear. What you get seems great but ends up being so completely shallow. My main issue is that this is a story driven game and they really did not follow through with the story at all. A huge let down. I've given it a few weeks and this is still how I feel. I love the art and the imagination of the world. The best part is the design of the whole house and exploring it, butttt...not much exploration either. I just wish this game coulkd be somewhat stronger on some point, bc I don't want to bring it down. But I'm just being honest."
,Recommended,501300,32302301,Posted: 9 June,all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,good
76561198060953955,Recommended,501300,32352989,Posted: 11 June,all,Kroy,this is very atmospheric game with cool story <3
,Recommended,501300,32955288,Posted: 28 June,all,Salamicrow,sniff! sniff!
76561198025933976,Recommended,501300,33525521,Posted: 13 July,all,River Norne,"This was an amazing experience. If you want a comparison, the atmosphere reminded me of The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. But apart from that, I would be hard pressed to compare it to any other game. It is certainly not a ""walking simulator"". While your choices may have no impact on the story, the gameplay is interwoven with the story in a way I have never seen. This was immensely creative and original storytelling to a degree that I am confident that even people who don't like the loosely defined genre of ""interactive story"" will be quite taken by it."
,Recommended,501300,33538647,Posted: 14 July,all,kippras,"This is an absolutely stunning story.Yes, story -- it's not so much a game as it is a story... the story of What Remains of Edith Finch. Sure, there are some gamelike sections, but generally, they are there to compliment the story.The ART in this game is GORGEOUS and the first person style really, really calls for a VR version of the game. I hope there will be one in the works at some point, either of this story or another by Annapurna. If they continue to write games like this, VR should definitely be considered.For all intents and purposes, this is a walking simulator with a few small puzzles to solve. Don't expect action or killing anyone -- you're not going to do it.And, YES, it is worth it. Every penny. I'd even not wait til it was on sale so you can support these developers and they can make more beautiful work."
76561198015323787,Recommended,501300,34049062,Posted: 5 August,all,RainDog43,I'm sure many other people have used better words to describe the art and beauty that went in to making this video game so I won't attempt to do it justice. I will say though that I have played thousands of games in my life and this is one of the only that I've felt I wanted to write a review on.Simply surreal gaming experience! Aboslutely worth your time (only about 2 hours) and money!
,Recommended,501300,31476630,Posted: 30 April,all,Shira,"It is a great game and I would strongly recommend it to anyone who is looking for something that he can complete in 1 night. It's beautiful, the music is amazing, voice acting is also very good. It just felt so good enjoying knowing more about Fitch's family and at the same time, it was awkward to realize that all of them are gone.Overall a good story telling game."
,Recommended,501300,33686292,Posted: 20 July,all,Chrishazzoo,"Wow.  I have to admit, I stopped at 35 minutes because a.) it was soooo dark, and b.) a bit slow.  I started playing again last night and could not stop.  The graphics, beautiful.  Every texture and detail was beautiful.  Artwork was perfectly stylized, not over the top, never basic.  There was one scene were there was a bedroom stylized to be lived in by two brothers, all I could think of is how I would have loved to use the ""deco"" for my own daughter's bedroom.  In general, I think the house pulls out the child at heart in all of us.  The story sucked me in and took a hold of my heart."
,Recommended,501300,33672254,Posted: 20 July,all,Labrat007,"What a great story.  Immersive, intriqueing and full of surprises.  While it does run a little short (3 hours to complete with all achiements) I am still 100% satisfied with this game.  There is so much attention to detail I could see myself wandering around again just soaking it all up."
,Recommended,501300,33676460,Posted: 20 July,all,ECy Manufacturing,"What a wonderful, amazing work of art. I'm really glad I could experience this. It takes interactive story telling to a whole new level. Masterful!"
,Recommended,501300,33682920,Posted: 20 July,all,Defend100,"Truly one of my favorite examples of a lot of game packed in a short time instead of what most games do by streatching it out. Every second in this game felt like I was moving through a living breathing world and each story I found just added to it.The gameplay is quite simple but the way they executed it was done so well that it felt like you were there almost. If you ever have the chance give this game a try, you won't regret it."
76561198126651587,Recommended,501300,33688662,Posted: 20 July,all,Garedolf,"If you like Walking Simulators even a little bit, this is a must play. The Story is superb and is totally worth playing through in one sitting (I mean it's only like 2 hours.) I was a little hesitant on the price at first, but now that I have played through it, I can honestly say that it was worth every penny. Even though this game is rated T, it still has very dark elements that I have seen in very few M games. Even as someone who likes drama and occasional horror, there were moments where I literally was disturbed and audibly said something about it. However, this disturbing is more of a sad type rather than, ""I am scared, and won't be able to sleep,"" kind of disturbing. Also, there were some very interesting mechanics that I thought were very creative that I have seen in little to no games. If you are even slightly interested in this game, I would go ahead and purchase it. I plan on definitely playing this game again. This truly is one of the best games that I have ever played 10/10."
,Recommended,501300,33755046,Posted: 23 July,all,Powerstormband,"The game that made me cry! The best storytelling! Awesome, brilliant, splendid work. Thank you, Giant Sparrow! Thank you so much!It's MUSTHAVE for all who consider games to be true artworks!P.S. Music is cosmic!"
76561198067270311,Recommended,501300,34049700,Posted: 5 August,all,Phrank,This... is a really good game.
,Recommended,501300,34052000,Posted: 5 August,all,CloudAttic,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,501300,31570952,Posted: 5 May,all,fantomchoder,There is nothing that I didn't love about this game. Definitely worth picking up.
76561198085822828,Recommended,501300,32048954,Posted: 29 May,all,gogodidi,Great game!
76561197966907162,Recommended,501300,32407372,Posted: 14 June,all,Kimmy Gibbler,"Wow, just wow. Amazing game. Great graphics, fantastic voice acting and narrative. The music just adds the cherry on the top. Without a doubt one of the most passionate, captivating and beautiful games I've ever played and I've been gaming since 1982. Bravo!"
,Recommended,501300,31895149,Posted: 21 May,all,Loonesta,"What an amazing game. It's not a very long game, but it's definitely worth every penny. Each short story sucks you in more and more. 10/10."
,Recommended,501300,31900124,Posted: 22 May,all,Brocket,"immersive, emotional, unique..... amazing"
,Recommended,501300,32206746,Posted: 5 June,all,Burinsan,"Do yourself a favor, and just spend the 20 dollars.This game is short, but the storyline in deeply immersive and the details are impeccable. Everything was carefully thought out, planned, and executed perfectly. Scenery, music, voice actors, player engagement. Everything. My only regret is that I couldn't hold back my tears at this game that so easily targets your feelings. The delivery of all of the elements in this game are some of the best i've seen a story to date.Personally, my very favorite thing about this game is the setting. I so desperatley want to live in Washington so when i discovered the game was set there, i immediatley shared a connection.Authors like these ones demand your support, so we can together change the expectations of what the gaming industry should have. Any game coming out of early access should look to this one to discover what a perfect game looks like. 100% bug free, and a perfect storyline.Stop reading reviews and just buy the damn game already."
76561198212939288,Recommended,501300,33069897,Posted: 30 June,all,zezoo_am,"almost 2 hours of a wonderful experience ,and complete relaxation..."
76561198319950063,Recommended,501300,31919496,Posted: 23 May,all,KirKuz,Best game ever.
,Recommended,501300,33989021,Posted: 3 August,all,Ahxello,One of the best games I've ever played <3 10/10
76561197971283884,Recommended,501300,33993668,Posted: 3 August,all,rixiroo,"I don't write reviews for too many games, but this one really deserves some attention. What Remains of Edith Finch knocked my socks off. I don't know how else to say that. This is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,501300,31396075,Posted: 27 April,all,pawlo1,"My review (in Polish):https://www.dobreprogramy.pl/pawlo1/What-Remains-of-Edith-Finch-tajemnicza-historia-rodu-Finchow,82604.htmlWhat Remains of Edith Finch left a great mark in storytelling. Interesting and immersive story, great voice acting, beautiful soundtrack and visually stunning graphics complete all of the best that we can find in video games.Good job Giant Sparrow, you made it real."
76561198040368350,Recommended,501300,31397218,Posted: 27 April,all,The King,"This game is absolute mesmerizing. Beautiful attention to details. Even the end credit is worth watching, and I have never said that before."
,Recommended,501300,31368307,Posted: 25 April,all,Lord Baricus,"A short but nice story, finished it in 2 1/2 hours and not too much replayability. 7.8/10"
,Recommended,501300,31653093,Posted: 9 May,all,Tschonah,"This game is real masterpiece. Never had such strong feelings during a game. Highly recommended, the price is very fair for this epic adventure."
,Recommended,501300,31365852,Posted: 25 April,all,EPArcher,"Good Game 7.5/10I felt that this game had a very interesting story and looked beautiful. However, I was able to complete this game in under 2 hours which including collect all the achievements.If you enjoy games like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter or Dear Esther than I believe you will enjoy this game, but i recommend waiting for a sale since even at the price of £14.99 I feel they may be asking too much."
,Recommended,501300,32422595,Posted: 14 June,all,AlinaWithAFace,My heart hurts
76561198346827781,Recommended,501300,32240449,Posted: 7 June,all,Francey,"Wonderful. I loved every second, and I didn't want it to end. Thank you."
76561198338996706,Recommended,501300,32243660,Posted: 7 June,all,spswaim,The most beautiful and well thoughtout story game I have ever played.
76561197992659391,Recommended,501300,34178762,Posted: 11 August,all,BaBaBaBlazin,"Wow.  What a great game.  Sure, it's a walking simulator, but it is extremely entertaining, and more rewarding than a movie.  Fairly short, therefore I recommend waiting for a sale, however you wont be disappointed with your experience if you're an intelligible individual seeking a tasteful story.  9/10"
,Recommended,501300,34176003,Posted: 11 August,all,Krakil,Three hours of awesome storytelling and great pacing.Recommended to play in one sitting.
76561198350286369,Recommended,501300,33962842,Posted: 1 August,all,Rusted.Routine,Woah! I've never played a walking simulator before until this one but decided to check it out because of all the great reviews. This is a new genre of gaming for me as I'm typically a strict FPS and RPG player but I think I'll begin checking out other walking simulators after this one. I'm only a little ways into the story but so far its such a cool and mysterious story. I love it and want to finish it as fast as possible but at the same time don't want it to be over so soon so I'm turning it off for now and will revisit tomorrow.
76561197972627101,Recommended,501300,34765015,Posted: 5 September,all,aheyfromhome,"Giving this game a negative review just because of the price wouldn't be fair. Its stories are well told in imaginative and pretty ways, so I can't fault it on that basis and I can't begrudge the creators their earnings. By any measure it was nice to play. But the overall story didn't give me any great satisfaction and I don't see any replay value. For me it was like passing an evening by watching a decent but unimpactful film.This is just my personal review and in that spirit I'll give you the rub according to me: It comes down to your relationship with your money. You will be entertained for 3 hours and nothing more. It's your disposable income you're spending. I don't regret playing the game, but I'd rather I hadn't spent my £14.99 on it."
,Recommended,501300,33961829,Posted: 1 August,all,princess chelsu ♕,"Could have more depth to the story with so many deaths, but I liked it nonetheless."
76561198091827506,Recommended,501300,33962681,Posted: 1 August,all,Meconium,"Wow what a ride, anyone who can appreciate top-notch voice acting and an engaging, interactive story is in for a treat."
76561197972736189,Recommended,501300,33961722,Posted: 1 August,all,Kyuuri117,"Fantastic story. WIthin the bounds of two hours, I went from being mildly interested in this family to being absolute engrossed and wanting more when the entire thing was over."
,Recommended,501300,31991227,Posted: 27 May,all,the beast,"This is a fairly expensive game compared to the play time (about 2-3 hourers) withj no replayability. But Thios is one of those games that I will never forget. The houseyou are exploring is unsetelinbg, and the story of the famiully it hides even more so. Butr the best part has to be the mini games mthat acompany the death of evrey charechter. They are simple yet imagenetive, and realy intresting."
,Recommended,501300,33067041,Posted: 30 June,all,cheshire.panther,Dumb Ways To Die: The Videogame
,Recommended,501300,33970877,Posted: 2 August,all,EazyCheeze1978,"What Remains of Edith Finch... well, we'll find that out in its due course, won't we?It's an Environmental Narrative tale of a strange, cursed family living in a house which becomes increasingly unwieldy over the years. The titular Edith returns to her family's home to find out the secrets of how and why they all met their strange ends. She may discover something about herself along the way...This is an absolutely beautiful game, a pure joy to walk through and to see all sorts of sights. Like most Environmental Narrative games, it's hard to replay this as we know absolutely everything there is to know after finishing, but while you're here it's a real joy.The story is told via Edith's voiceover, as well as text that swirls onto the screen and disappears idiosyncratically, sometimes flowing in the direction of your next destination, which is quite handy sometimes. Edith enters several flashbacks on her journey, some of which are much more involved than others, but most telling the stories of tortured, troubled people who met untimely ends.I most definitely recommend this, as even on the mere 25% discount I got on this game ($14.99) I did not feel ripped off for only 2, 2 1/2 hours of gameplay. Check it out even at full price; I believe it's worth it! Support development of games with amazing storytelling!"
76561198167750096,Recommended,501300,33368941,Posted: 8 July,all,tigerpoetry,"Very short but quantity isn't everything.I really enjoyed this. I've not completed everything on my first run through the game, but that doesn't matter...I'll happily pick up the controller and play it again, not just for achievements but because I want to see what stories I've missedSome of the gameplay was pretty unique.I also found it thought-provoking."
76561198005772688,Recommended,501300,31357773,Posted: 25 April,all,Beast of the East DC United,"Impressive from the first moment, but after a short while, this game took me by surprise. A must buy for any first person adventure fan. Great job devs"
,Not Recommended,501300,33575946,Posted: 15 July,all,Game Sux,"$20 for an hour and a half long game where the gameplay consists of pressing w and occasionally clicking the LMB and the story is ""bad things happen to family becuase they're all morons."" Yeah no thanks.3/10"
,Recommended,501300,33235859,Posted: 4 July,all,Salarn,"https://youtu.be/tzU1vYtZu90What remains of Edith Finch is a narrative experience that focuses on a seemingly cursed family reliving their final days, at least as how they see them.The use of an unreliable narrator adds imagination and bluster to the stories and puts the player in the role of these characters adding to the experience.  There are no lose states or failure, the focus is simply the experience."
,Recommended,501300,33400452,Posted: 9 July,all,GabeT,A game like this has almost no reason to exist and yet it does. I had to find my jaw by the end of it.
,Recommended,501300,31358444,Posted: 25 April,all,SickB,"First off the elephant in the room:Is it worth the full price of 20 Bucks?- No, if you don´t have too much money to spend and plan to buy only 1 or 2 games this month.- Yes, if you want a short good experience and don´t mind the price tagIs it a good First Person Experience (aka Walking Sim)?YesIs it a good Story?YesIs it long?No (around 2 hours)Replay Value?Probably not since nothing changes"
,Recommended,501300,31353514,Posted: 25 April,all,adrianmarshall167,"From the first moment Edith Finch delivers a mesmerizing story about a family that defies any reasonable explanation, and only the player can decide for themselves what the truth really is. It feels as if listening to the tall tales of a family member, skeptical of their information, but it is far more personal and deeply thoughtful in its structure.More powerful than any walking simulator, and much more interactive than your average visual novel, Edith Finch seems to walk the line that ties several genres, and while doing so enrapturing the player in the dark with a glimmer of light that almost seems too good to be true.Every now and then a game comes along that shows all of us why this medium exists; an example of art in motion that no film, book or painting can encapsulate. What Remains of Edith Finch is a new golden standard and a lesson in what video games can do to tell a macabre, but lighthearted narrative that will stay with you well after the credits roll."
,Recommended,501300,31367467,Posted: 25 April,all,Caitiri,"I caught the demo of this game at PAX East and have been waiting for t to come out to see the whole thing. Definitely worth the wait, very much a Walking Simulator in the same lines as Gone Home and Dear Esther , with a great story and interesting characters."
,Recommended,501300,31386320,Posted: 26 April,all,cow-orker Jim,"What Remains of Edith Finch is a beautiful, bittersweet tale woven through the lives and deaths of the members of the Finch family. It could probably be classified as a walking simulator, but I think interactive fiction would get more toward what it actually is; you can't change the story (history has already been written), but you must guide it from start to finish.I don't want to say anymore because it would spoil things. You should go play it."
76561197972271856,Recommended,501300,31388942,Posted: 27 April,all,bothered,"Just finished this game. One of the best experiances from a PC game ever. There are some really creative people out there. Story telling at it's best, gorgeous graphics. If you're wondering about this game just get it, you won't regret it. Brilliant."
76561198016638888,Recommended,501300,31391186,Posted: 27 April,all,John Liu,"Absolutely wonderful. You play a girl in search of her family's past, by visiting the ""storyline"" of each family member.Pros:1. Beautifully rendered environments, with amazing attention to detail where even ""inconsequential"" background items add depth to the narrative.2. Great music.3. Believable, natural voice acting.4. Innovative, fresh gameplay elements I have not seen in any game; these elements are not simply included for novelty sake but actually admirably fit into the particular story being told.Cons (relative ones):1. Story is extremely interesting but also ambiguous in interpretation. As is often the case with these walking simulator games, there is a philosophical or psychologic element to the story and it is uncertain how much should be taken at face value. One may argue that there is no satisfactory ending and no ""ah ha"" moment, but I do not think this detracts from the overall experience.2. Controls are clunky and slow. You can only walk and turn with the speed of a turtle swimming in molasses. This I can see helps with the storytelling, as there are events and spoken speech which occur in concert with the walking, and running will now allow them to be correctly paced. Nonetheless I hoped some bits would have moved faster.3. Short gameplay time with virtually no replay value. I finished in about two hours, and I see from the other reviews most other players averaged roughly the same, depending on whether one is an achievement completionist or not. Whether this is worth the $20 price tag is subjective, but I believe for something so unique and polished it is a definite yes. It is, essentially, an interactive movie, for about the same time investment and cost (at least in Australia).In summary, What Remains of Edith Finch is an almost-perfect combination of story, gameplay, music and voice acting. For players who enjoy a moving, original story, told through some quite innovative mechanics, this is one not to be missed.9/10."
,Not Recommended,501300,34054510,Posted: 6 August,all,Wang,"Not recommending this game purely because you can't change the field of view (FOV) on it. The default FOV is horribly too close that it gives me headaches/motion sickness. Developer doesn't seem to care either. The game would have been good otherwise, pity."
,Recommended,501300,31365248,Posted: 25 April,all,Stephen,"There is so much to love about this game.It is also a rollercoaster of emotion.There's sadness, and excitement. You never know what you'll see next.The way the game ties together different segements is amazing, and it all flows and makes sense.In a way it reminds me of Vanishing of Ethan Carter, but this game is far more interesting."
,Recommended,501300,31352315,Posted: 25 April,all,AceFactor,"One simple word........ AMAZING!!! Great job guys. This had me deep in a trance from the very beginning. I honestly have nothing negative to say about it. It runs flawless. Amazing music, sounds, colors, narrative and story. I hope to see more from you guys in the future."
,Recommended,501300,31376246,Posted: 26 April,all,~☭~ The Eternal Alchemy ~☭~,"This game is mind-warpingly delightful storytelling. Bordering on fantastical imagery, this game feels more like a brain-melting book you can't put down. I did... only once.. for about twenty minutes before I was tranfixed into finishing the game. And getting all the achievements.Strap yourself in and meet the Family, why don't you?"
76561198026362756,Not Recommended,501300,32876164,Posted: 27 June,all,Angfucious,"I've pased by this game several times and figured since it was on sale , I should go ahead and get the game.  It had so many positive reviews, I was really ready for this awesome story about the Finch family.  The game has beautiful graphics and the voice acting is very well done.  I loved how you moved from room to room, like you were invading some secret fortress through a maze of passageways.  But, I just cannot recommend this game, ESPECIALLY at full price.  Now to explain why I feel this way.  BTW...a bit of spoilage in this review.. just to warn you.If this game had just been travelling down memory lane about the family members, fine.  However, there was so much mention about this ""curse"" and how Edith's mother tried to cover up everything.  She even went so far as to seal the rooms off of the house.  Maybe that was the point, but with the way it was built up, I was really expecting to unravel this huge family secret.  I got to the last story.  I opened the book with this anticipation of finally knowing this curse.  And then...I was pulled out right when I got to that page.  It's like the devs had this great story all the way up until the end, and just ran out of gas. I got the impression that it was some kind of disease since a lot of the characters had these strange spots on their skin during their stories.  There was no finality, no climax where everything is suddenly put together and you are surrounded by angels all singing ""Hallelujah"".  It was more like a slowly deflating tire.Now I give the game devs credit for some of the most outlandish and wildly creative ways you went through the family member's stories, but this did not make up for the fact that the end of all of them was severely depressing.  I even had the crazy thought that the Finch curse was unusual death, but what kind of curse is that? I sorely wanted to connect with these characters, but it never happened because their outcome was the same.  Sure it was creative as to how they met their demise, but ultimately it is still death (mostly kids too which is even more depressing).I do not mind if a game is long or short.  What matters is the content within the game, and what I am going to take away from the experience.  While what I say probably won't deter a lot of people from buying the game, let me suggest waiting until Steam has one of their huge sales and this game is a part of that sale.  Hopefully it will be cheaper during other sales, because I can't even recommend it at the sale price of $14.99.   It just had so much potential, so much promise.  The execution of the game was disappointing.  Apologies for the long winded review."
,Not Recommended,501300,34865616,Posted: 10 September,all,Kerghan,"Finished the game today, it was quite disappointing.(Warning, may contain spoilers)The graphics are quite good, the story is interesting (and that's also an issue but I will explain that below) and the big house with all the secret corridors and hidden doors is quite fun to explore, the stories of the family members are interesting and really tragic.However, 20 bucks for a linear game that you will finish in two hours, with an elusive end and a lot of plotholes is really disappointing and exagerated. Gameplay side, it's just a walking simulator where you walk and click on a few objects so Edith can make comments about them. The soundtrack isn't bad, but it isn't special or extraordinary either, unless for making more money I don't understand why you can buy it, but... anyway. And also, the game is configured for QWERTY keyboards only, so if you have an AZERTY keyboard you will have to switch your OS settings to switch to English configuration when playing this game, because there isn't any options for binding your keys by yourself.Regarding the story, as said previously, it's both interesting and tragic, but that's all. You hear about ""the curse"" during all the game, it's even to escape it that the first Finch we hear about tried to come to the United States with his house on a boat. And yet, nothing about it, it's just here to explain why the story of this family is tragic and why they're all dying one after the other. It's never explained why there is a curse, where does it come from, nothing.So if you're ready to throw away 20 bucks for a 2 hours long walking simulator, with a story filled with plotholes, go ahead. If you're just looking for a short game to just try something new from what you usually play, go for it. But if you're looking for an interesting game, with a really good and consistent story, with a good gameplay, don't buy it."
,Recommended,501300,31473668,Posted: 30 April,all,Gemanoneko,Better horror story than Outlast 2...
,Recommended,501300,33952982,Posted: 1 August,all,Yorkie,"Wow, play it now."
,Recommended,501300,31431279,Posted: 28 April,all,nicknicknicknick,tragic and beautiful and gross and sad.
76561198359722428,Not Recommended,501300,34135270,Posted: 9 August,all,A wild Jacbo appears!,"Fun game, amazing story and great gameplay and story telling ability. It does all things correctly. Except its extremely short. This isn't a 20 dollar game experience. I'd probably still be unhappy with a 10 dollar game. Its 2 hours of amazing story telling and everything, if this game goes on sale and is cheap, or you get it as a gift I'd reccomend you play it. But 20 dollars for a 2 hour game is not something I like. I want to get my moneys worth and be entertained for hours. 10 bucks an hour isn't that great of a deal to me."
,Recommended,501300,32421981,Posted: 14 June,all,*+*+TheLizardKing+*+*,"*+*+THIS REVIEW DOES NOT CONTAIN SPOILERS+*+*I first heard about this game when I passed by the booth at PAX East, and was immediately enthralled by their display, which included a medium-size model of the Finch house. Curious, I began talking with the developers, and after some time in line, sat down to play a demo.I was hooked.Centering on the story of a family curse, you play as Edith Finch, the last of the FInch line, as she explores her old family home. The game has you travelling from room to room, uncovering secrets hidden in the walls, tucked away in the pages of diaries, and in letters from afar.Immediately what grabbed me was the visual presentation. This game opens you up to a dark and mystifying world, and then keeps you there, absolutely enthralled with each new mystery uncovered. The light silence of the abandoned house mixed with old wood creaking and wind rushing past gives you a feeling of intense isolation, but one that lends itself more to a morose calm, instead of fear.The entire house feels, appropriately, like a graveyard, or a forlorn museum. The designers have done an ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE job of ""set dressing"", with each room having a very unique theme that suggests more about their previous occupants. You feel as if the entire home could come crashing down the cliffs at any moment, but remarkably, it stands strong against the turmoil of a storm brewing outside.I'm honestly having trouble coming up with the right words to describe this game (when generally I feel very at ease writing these reviews), so I'll probably come back to this later to polish it up, but in the meantime...Should you get this game? What Remains of Edith Finch deserves a special place on the shelf of any gamer who longs for a good story. Harkening to such stellar titles as Firewatch, and reminding me distinctly of games like Dark Fall, WREF consistently delivers one harrowing tale after another, each story more interesting than the last. The designers make absolutely brilliant use of the tools at their disposal, from 'set dressing', to innovative text effects, to entire other worlds (the cannery scene is crazy). HIGHLY recommend."
,Recommended,501300,31897507,Posted: 22 May,all,Beerit,What just happened?? That was amazing!
,Recommended,501300,31899674,Posted: 22 May,all,Oi!,truly a masterpiece
,Recommended,501300,32727731,Posted: 24 June,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions reviewPLEASE NOTE (2017): Due to recent false accusations of plagarism, I (the reviewer) would like to stress that all these reviews and upcoming reviews are original and are not blatantly copied. Other reviews are used to help stress my point across but are changed in such a way to make the review in my own wordingWhat Remains of Edith Finch is a story driven game developed by Giant Sparrow and surprisingly published by Annapurna Interactive, the same people behind Annapurna PicturesThe game follows the story of Edith Finch, the last remaining family member of The Finches as she returns back to Orcas Island to find out the hidden stories laid across the entire Finch householdThe game is fully narrated with some very good and well voiced voice actors and the game makes for some beautiful art design that look quite similar to The Vanishing of Ethan CarterThe story is incredibly complex and one that makes you think deeply about the characters and the story at hand and not once did I feel bored of playing the game. It kept me hooked throughout the whole story from beginning to end andthe game mechanics are fun and intuitive, there was no hassle in the controls or break in immersionAlthought What Remains of Edith Finch is a little short and a little on the high end when it comes to pricing, I felt for what I paid for it satisfied me enough and although the game is roughly 2 hours, I enjoyed every little bit of it even though it's just you walking about an old abandoned house looking at past memoriesWhat Remains of Edith Finch is a wonderful and original story that ever fan of adventure story driven games should play!RECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
,Recommended,501300,31658267,Posted: 9 May,all,sirfabius,Nooooooooooooooooooo!!!
,Recommended,501300,31644782,Posted: 9 May,all,GRipley,"Absolutly stunning and inspiring! So beautiful throughout, I had to pause to do a shift at work midway through the game and it was all I could think about."
,Recommended,501300,33962980,Posted: 1 August,all,Gurkan,"Brilliant story and a delightful gameplay even though it's a walking simulator with some spicy flashback content.Also if you think it's overpriced for a couple of hours gameplay, then consider as you buy a DVD of a very good movie ""which you can experience from inside"""
76561198204424117,Recommended,501300,35096225,Posted: 20 September,all,Kaandyman,"Great short story game, def worth the play."
76561198005385077,Recommended,501300,31389484,Posted: 27 April,all,Nostromo,"A haunting story, beautifully told. The controller recommendation is simply that, a recommendation -- not a necessity, the game can be enjoyed fully without one."
76561198086319207,Recommended,501300,33230145,Posted: 4 July,all,mzs.joey,Amazing!
,Recommended,501300,32983092,Posted: 29 June,all,MUG,If Gone Home and Wes Anderson had a baby.
,Recommended,501300,33610377,Posted: 17 July,all,SAY10,Better shooting mechanics than black ops 3
,Recommended,501300,31916808,Posted: 23 May,all,radamant,Really made me think
,Recommended,501300,32047902,Posted: 29 May,all,susannah365,Good game.
76561198032494865,Recommended,501300,31703276,Posted: 12 May,all,Babumkin,Excellent!9/10
,Recommended,501300,32893892,Posted: 27 June,all,Corne,Loved the game
76561198271455584,Recommended,501300,32964034,Posted: 28 June,all,Smittles2077,"This game is very creative and immersive, until you realize some♥♥♥♥♥♥impregnated your charicter mid game.Better come up with some child support ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...."
,Recommended,501300,31359345,Posted: 25 April,all,kronb,buy this immediately
76561198060976551,Recommended,501300,31798862,Posted: 16 May,all,Manray3726,Overpriced but i still loved it.
76561198044349084,Recommended,501300,31894739,Posted: 21 May,all,w0rds,this game is so ♥♥♥♥in ggood its ♥♥♥♥ing insane
,Recommended,501300,31592019,Posted: 6 May,all,TipsyNerd,"Get a sneak peak with part 1 (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6dNzQ3GdyA&feature=youtu.be)I really enjoyed this game! Absolutely beautiful graphics and voice acting work. Calming and unsettling, not knowing what you're going to stumble on from room to room. I am reading from some players that it can take as little as two hours to complete so for 20 dollars the game may seem very short but for someone like me that is a huge fan of extremely story rich walking simulators it is worth it."
,Recommended,501300,33540947,Posted: 14 July,all,GarrusVakarian,"Great story, good music. Very enjoyable. Nice story with a good amount of clues as to what happens. A game that is mysterious, but is also willing to answer questions, instead of being ambigious because it's ''too cool''. This one has made me interested in walking simulators and the like."
,Recommended,501300,34023632,Posted: 4 August,all,ķ!ιιfЯος,masterpiece!
76561198077121122,Recommended,501300,34737461,Posted: 4 September,all,SeleneMo,"It was my first ""walking simulator"", so I guess my wish for more playable/interactive content is a bit misplaced. ;-) There really isn´t much more to do than to enjoy the story and, that has to be said, the story is beautiful and dreamlike and sad and crazy. It is ridiculously short though.But after only 3hours of playtime you saw and experienced in the most diversified styles and ways quite a lot of the tragical and doomed destiny of the Finch family."
,Recommended,501300,34747911,Posted: 4 September,all,Greengem,好玩的密室+独白的魔幻代入
,Recommended,501300,34757507,Posted: 5 September,all,Interactionman,"LOVED this game! It's so bizarre and wonderful. There were so many 'I wasn't expecting that!' moments, which is exactly what I want (and rarely get) from a video game. It also contains the best fluffy bathroom carpet in video game history!"
,Recommended,501300,34773548,Posted: 6 September,all,alplendy,Original and unforgettable.
,Recommended,501300,34782806,Posted: 6 September,all,Wikzo,Beautiful and engaging. The stories it tells are very personal and unique. I love how you can never predict what will come next. Truly a masterpiece in interactive storytelling.
,Recommended,501300,34715544,Posted: 3 September,all,Ed Nameless,"Just finished the game,The only thing I want at the moment - to lie on my couch, cry and look on celling.10 Finches of 10"
76561198386502276,Recommended,501300,34184232,Posted: 11 August,all,ferigs,"Really enjoying the games made by Giant Sparrow, highly recommended to anyone who loves story rich games!"
76561197981682505,Recommended,501300,34174677,Posted: 11 August,all,║▌║▌║яαsρ,Powerful short story delivered via an interactive video game. Highly recommend but understand that it's quite short. Perhaps on sale?
,Recommended,501300,34175765,Posted: 11 August,all,C.d.,I just paused the game half way through just to write this: this game is f*cking art.
76561197993501045,Recommended,501300,34194195,Posted: 12 August,all,witcher,"despite it's 3.5-4 hour length, it is absolutely brilliant experience. If You liked ""Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" you could find similarities (because of genre) but this game is unique as a whole."
,Recommended,501300,34205228,Posted: 12 August,all,dhQk,"This game is legit. Buy it now, because the devs need to get paid."
76561197992353193,Recommended,501300,34205587,Posted: 12 August,all,CrazyIvan,AMAZING story. Do it!
76561198056761407,Recommended,501300,31377330,Posted: 26 April,all,dustinb12345,This game drew me in and held me there. I feel like I will be thinking about it for quite a while.
,Recommended,501300,31380619,Posted: 26 April,all,Seldon,"Immersive and surreal, What Remains of Edith Finch is an example of how powerful a medium games can be for story telling."
,Recommended,501300,31395629,Posted: 27 April,all,ctbalcerak,"Perfectly paced, touching experiance with a bunch of different unexpected gameplay mechanics. I really enjoyed this experiance."
76561198098680732,Recommended,501300,31657209,Posted: 9 May,all,DTT,amazing
76561198148139179,Recommended,501300,31647262,Posted: 9 May,all,ShaOS,"My only issue with the story is the ambigous ending, but outside of that the game was perfect."
76561198040197865,Recommended,501300,34552136,Posted: 28 August,all,thebaconson,"Ok, before I start I am going to mention the length of the game, yes it is short, but short isn't bad and if the cost is an issue for the length, think about how much it costs to go see a movie these days, and I guarantee this is a better story than most movies out these days.That story though, it is a compelling and emotional journey. The way each person’s story is told through their own personality is great, graphically the house and contents look brilliant. The voice acting is top-notch as well and this is a big deal being so narative driven.I really can’t say too much without giving too much away, but if you’re a fan of narrative story based games (walking sim) and like a good ol’ tale this is a great game.So Firewatch, The Park, through to, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter fans will enjoy.8/10"
,Recommended,501300,34542576,Posted: 27 August,all,benbengo,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is ♥♥♥♥ing sick
,Recommended,501300,34542874,Posted: 27 August,all,LordPeter,short but an execelent experince
,Recommended,501300,34541524,Posted: 27 August,all,Concrete,This was one of the most emotional stories that I have completed on my PC. I hope to share this with many over time.I loved this experiance and I hope no one will ignore this fearing the length is too short.It is very worth it if you at least just give it a try during a sale.
76561198320460742,Recommended,501300,34544730,Posted: 27 August,all,bluejay676,"This will probably come in second place for my favorite indie of 2017, behind Night in the Woods. You can tell there was a LOT of thought put into this game, desgining the incredibly intricate environments and surprisingly interesting story. I will warn you that for those expecting gameplay mechanics, this is not your game. Calling it ""walking simulator"" has a negative ring to it, but that's what it is. Think of it more like an interactive story. That being said, it's not a story that will disappoint you, and it's told in many different ways. In short, it's about a girl who comes back to her old family home after 7 years, and uncovers secrets about her family. I don't want to spoil it, just go play it. It's about 2 hours long."
76561198381654026,Recommended,501300,34621542,Posted: 30 August,all,MountainCedar,"More an experience than a game, but one that has a lasting impact."
76561197960292106,Recommended,501300,34618575,Posted: 30 August,all,Misterinpact,Great game !
76561197992777631,Recommended,501300,35108299,Posted: 21 September,all,Qzool,Very nice.
,Recommended,501300,35113659,Posted: 21 September,all,Glgh,"A demonstration of how rich a video game can be, both as entertainment as well as a means of GREAT storytelling. This game is a must."
,Recommended,501300,35116162,Posted: 21 September,all,Freaky Priest,"One of the best and most interesting story experiences to date. This is a masterpiece of gaming art. Don't think about it, buy it, play it!"
76561198027435362,Recommended,501300,33435390,Posted: 10 July,all,Chumtoad Deluxe,Cool... and Good
,Recommended,501300,32727047,Posted: 24 June,all,Bishop,"While extremely short, under two hours, it's a fantastic experience and well worth the $15 I paid. This is less a game than it is a walking simulator but the story it tells and the way it does it is great."
,Recommended,501300,32618796,Posted: 21 June,all,SephiTrax,This is one of the most brilliant narrative experience in a long time. Well done!
,Recommended,501300,33964765,Posted: 1 August,all,Mu_Kenneth,"This is by far one of the most enjoyable games I've played. It's incredibly story-driven that just sucks you in as you try to find out what happened to each member of Edith Finch's family as you search their family's extraordinary house. While I wish there was additional content to extend the length of the game, this is quite an experience. Consider it as you're going out to watch a movie that you may take part in what happens in the storyline. Depending on how fast you decide to play this, the game's content will last you between 2-4 hours at most for the first run-through. Please take your time, enjoy the art of this incredible experience, and find out all there is to know of the downfall of the Finch family. I HIGHLY recommend this game."
76561198011054887,Recommended,501300,32736352,Posted: 24 June,all,opethandoceans,Can't get this game out of my head. The gameplay is varied and captivating from start to finish. The story is hauntingly engrossing. $20 is actually a fair price for this wonderful gem.
,Recommended,501300,33145655,Posted: 2 July,all,cabra,"Good story, couple hour playthrough - worth the purchase"
76561198018562069,Recommended,501300,31362757,Posted: 25 April,all,mylastregret,"I'm undecided -- it had great visuals but scratched at a story and didn't really follow through with what the story is. Without spoiling, there is a very strong implication that there is something following/affecting/cursing the Finch family but this is just touched on at the very end and then nothing. I also have mixed feelings about the price -- $20 for 2 hours of gameplay."
76561197966433678,Recommended,501300,31386803,Posted: 26 April,all,[COQ] Frikasee Jones,To say anything would be to give it away. Just play it.
,Recommended,501300,31387187,Posted: 26 April,all,CharliLoo,"Absolutely love this game!After waiting for so long for it to come out, I definitely was NOT disappointed!The music is hauntingly wonderful! Add in superb voice acting, amazing story as well as graphics, all wrapped up with the awesome interactive mini games, and you've got one hell of a fantastic piece of art! Even though it's not a horror game, there were moments where, as I was moving through the game, I was positive something was going to jumpscare me! But not enough tension to ruin the experience, in fact, it made it better!Also, I used my mouse and keyboard to play, since I do not own a controller, and it didn't take away from the experience. I played through the game just fine. : )If you've never played a walking simulator game, I would 100% suggest starting with this one!If you have, but they aren't your cup of tea, I'd still suggest playing What Remains of Edith Finch!It's just too beautiful to pass up, either way!10/10 from me! And I'm gonna play it again!"
76561198032116993,Recommended,501300,31363036,Posted: 25 April,all,gadman85,"This game is beautiful.  It is beautiful in both the graphics and the different stories you experience.  I also enjoyed how the different stories have some variation in gameplay mechancis as well.  I also enjoyed how the game threw in a few different art styles for some of the different stories.  Some of them I felt were a real treat.  The game is short, but it is very much worth the price you pay for it.  I can even see some reason to go through the game second time.The game does have several sad moments, but that is to be expected since the description says you are experiencing the last days of the different family members.  It is also a lot of fun to explore the house and you can even do a little bit of exploring before you get to the house even if it is very limited.  This world is beautiful and the different rooms each are very different from the others.  There is nothing wrong with taking a little time to look at everything in more detail on the way.Summary:  Beautiful game in both graphics and storytelling.  Varied gameplay.  Interesting world to explore even though it isn't an open world.  It is a short game, but a very high quality experience."
76561198124537606,Recommended,501300,31385953,Posted: 26 April,all,LordAbine,A great game if you enjoy story tellers.  I really felt like I was part of the game.  Hoping to see more from the team in the future.
,Recommended,501300,31388696,Posted: 27 April,all,Clintopsky,"If you're on the fence about this game I HIGHLY recommend just buying it. It is one of the most amazing gaming experiences I've ever had. There are so many layers to this story, and the individual tales of each Finch family member come together to paint a deeply emotional experience. Depending on what you've gone through in your own life - the losses you've suffered and the familial connection you've shared - I believe this game will make every player feel something different. I completed it in just under 3 hours and don't regret dishing out the $19.99 for it.Just buy it.If you're wanting to see more gameplay than what is shown in the trailers, here is a link to the first episode on YouTube.Clintopsky - What Remains of Edith Finch"
76561198062925921,Recommended,501300,34136364,Posted: 9 August,all,LuciusVoltaic,"Visually and technically, What Remains of Edith Finch is good but does not excel the other walking-simulator games to which it might be compared (such as The Vanishing of Ethan Carter). Where it really shines is in telling a story—or rather, presenting a series of haunting vignettes that combine to sketch a deeply affecting portrait of a loving but very ill-fated family. I'm a bit of a sucker for games that create a good sense of melancholy, and this hits the spot as far as that is concerned."
,Recommended,501300,34339478,Posted: 18 August,all,Ｇａｂｂ.,"No wonder this game has ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" and almost 9/10 - 10/10 stars.It's a heckin' good game and definetly worth every penny, if you like a good game with a good story and not looking for some generic first person shooter or something.Cried a little bit through some backstories and what not."
,Recommended,501300,32708068,Posted: 23 June,all,SIXGHz,"Masterful storytelling. I've never felt so impacted with any game as I did with this one, especially Gregory's story, because I have a son that age. Variation and pacing are perfect, controls great with an Xbox controller, steady 120 fps throughout. Officially one of my favorite games. If you have kids, you might tear up. Beyond perfect game."
,Recommended,501300,31385020,Posted: 26 April,all,Reverse Carry,"The game was inventive and thoughtful.  I loved the intricate, albeit somewhat predictable, story that was created and I most definitely look forward to games made by this develolper in the future!"
76561198356632762,Not Recommended,501300,32423327,Posted: 14 June,all,Prester John,"Interesting Story. You walk around (In the most linear path imaginable)  looking for things to click on to advance the story which is being told. The story is indeed very good and well thought out, i shed a single tear at the end. Game was over in 2 hours.... Cost me 20$. Horrid dollar to hour ratio for such a boring game. Oh and i wouldn't call this a game. Im sure this genre has a name but i've no clue what it is and this will be my last time playing this type of thinga-ma-jig.The reviews were so overwhelmingly posative i bought the game without a second thought. But i cannot recommend it at full price. A buy at 5$ maybe 10$."
,Not Recommended,501300,33891925,Posted: 29 July,all,cKy Stew,"Cool mini stories, great graphics, runs really smooth.Nothing really linked together in a way, and it didn't really give much satisfaction. I feel like this could have been alot more, but they missed something. Played it with the girlfriend (we enjoy walking simulators), and we both were like ""what, was that it?"".Based on that, I wouldn't recommend it.Also, no FOV slider (very narrow FOV) and it bugged out twice requiring restart. I really don't get the hype on this one."
76561198138089243,Not Recommended,501300,33154396,Posted: 2 July,all,TheBellaBubbles,"This game is so pretty and interesting to look at, the story itself is interesting but very disapointing to me. I personally love story games and mysteries but I wish there was more game play and more mystery. If you want to see this game because that's really all you do in the ""game"", I would recommend waiting until there's a play through on YouTube.There are games that do stories really well and mix good game play in like Life is Strange or Firewatch or Brothers. This is not one of those games. This is more of an interactive story telling experience but instead of being able to do puzzles, explore, or make decisions that will affect the game there is only 1 outcome and that outcome is very very disapointing. While playing the start of the game I was thinking, ""Wow this is so beautiful this is the best game I've ever played, I can't wait to uncover the mystery at the end and what happened to everyone in the family."" Without giving away too much there are 2 very important people that we don't get to find out what happened to. I don't know if this is because the game makers want to make another game and have the mystery be revealed there, or if they think that it'll be a mysterious ending.But I think that for a game that is as priced as much as this should have given us a good ending for those 2 characters instead of just a giant mystery plot hole. I also feel disapointed that it only took me 2 hours to play through and then it was just over.I hope that if they do make another game they will add more gameplay and fix the plot holes. If they do make another game I don't think I will be purchasing it because of these reasons mentioned above."
,Recommended,501300,33706545,Posted: 21 July,all,Buck,"As with most ""walking simulators"", ""What Remains of Edith Finch"" is a short, but incredibly rich and satisfying experience. Don't expect much action, but expect a TON of character development and exposition.I came into the game knowing pretty much nothing about it other than it's overwhelmingly positive buzz.Without giving anything away, I was pleasantly surprised at the numerous imaginative twists and turns presented in each story as you progress through the game. The narratives and music take you on an emotional roller coaster as you meet and learn about each member of the Finch family and their unusual history. I absolutely recommend this to anyone who enjoys interactive stories."
,Recommended,501300,31353078,Posted: 25 April,all,CoraTora,"I'm not very far, but I am VERY interested. This game is breathtaking already, and the storytelling is impressive."
,Recommended,501300,31449805,Posted: 29 April,all,KarakSindru,"Short, but powerful. Easy to finish in one setting, but some of the stories are emotionally heavy and you may wish to take a break between them. If the game was longer, breaks would definitely be required."
76561198062907228,Recommended,501300,33443222,Posted: 10 July,all,grapplehoeker,"I bought this in the recent summer sale. It isn't the sort of game I usually play, but I thought I'd give it a go as I do like a good story. I was immediately drawn in by the impressive attention to detail in every respect.The controls were intuitive and very easy to learn and use, thus allowing me to explore and absorb the environment without distraction.I loved the tips of the hat to various story telling genres, from comics such as Creepy Tales and the movies, such as the analogy to the movie, Whatever happened to Baby Jane?In terms of value for money, I haven't even finished playing this game yet but I have already been entertained far more than I expected for the sale price. I whole heartedly recommend this game for anyone that loves a story, a mystery or just wants a pleasant break from the typical rpg, rts, simulation, fps etc. alternatives out there ;)"
76561197970370776,Recommended,501300,31405591,Posted: 27 April,all,sjakab,"Unlike Giant Sparrow's previous effort, The Unfinished Swan, this is a walking simulator/interactive movie, not a game. Nevertheless, it generally tells its story in an interesting way. Whether to buy it or not depends on what you think a 2-3 hour meditation on family and death is worth."
76561198204055520,Recommended,501300,31909490,Posted: 22 May,all,SnowWalker,Absolutely Superb! In every way.
,Recommended,501300,32946053,Posted: 28 June,all,waterupmynose,i like how you lived through the stories bc otherwise they would have been boring
,Recommended,501300,33759675,Posted: 23 July,all,♔iamtrench♔ hellcase.com,Cool.
,Recommended,501300,34567796,Posted: 28 August,all,Eliteneo,"One of the few games I've gone back and played for all its achievements. It's a great narrative game with a great thoughtful story behind it. It's unlike any other game I've played, and it really sucked me into the story. It has some super sad parts, but some well-done animations for a game. It's very creative as well with its story-telling ability. I highly recommend it, even if you are just curious. I'd love to see the devs come up with another game just like it. Great story & well done!"
76561198048513072,Recommended,501300,31391772,Posted: 27 April,all,minerior,Very good game!Like a movie!
,Recommended,501300,31378174,Posted: 26 April,all,Ryan,"A dense, emotionally-nuanced, and cinematic experience. PIXAR levels of quality."
76561198027318885,Recommended,501300,31382527,Posted: 26 April,all,parker_86,Really good game if you liked the vanishing of Ethan Carter you will like this :) very emotional as well lol
76561198032777622,Recommended,501300,33096120,Posted: 1 July,all,Conquistadork,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGBeXcxxcYg
76561197974487036,Not Recommended,501300,32520990,Posted: 17 June,all,Try This At Home Kids,"An emotional tale told from multiple perspectives, with excellent voice acting, interesting game play, thoughtful level design, and passable graphics (although this game is NOT about graphics). To be honest I thought the game was a little boring. Lots of narrative with very little interactivity. Wait until the game is on sale."
,Not Recommended,501300,32009546,Posted: 27 May,all,Fnzzy,"tl;dr: Uninteresting and linear story that doesn't warrant to be presented in form of a game.**Contains spoilers**'What Remains of Edith Finch' is a short story about a family's dying members that is experienced by walking through the weird family home and exploring rooms to uncover the stories of each individual person.I am going to come straight to the point. This story has little to no redeeming qualities that would justify it to be presented in form of a game. The experience is driven forward by walking on a set path and occasionally clicking on things when told to. Doing anything other than following the instructions will make you waste your time. You can not go back and revisit areas or try to find things that you may have missed because the game won't let you. There is no decision making or any meaningful input from the player required which makes me believe that this story would have been a more enjoyable experience if they had chosen to tell it through a short film.No doubt it would have been a good short film either in terms of the artwork. If the game has one thing going for it, it's the aesthetics. The 3D work in this game is great! In addition to the overall great and stylized look, the layout, modeling and texturing is very detailed and makes for realistic and believable enviroments and the lighting in combination with atmospheric effects set the mood quite nicely.One thing I am on the fence about are the controls. Your character moves quite slowly which is okay for nagivating inside the house (although I know no one that moves through their house at a crawl speed) but in more open spaces it can get annoying very quickly because it feels like you are not getting anywhere. Luckily these spaces are few and far between and you spend the majority of your time inside the house. The objects you interact with throughout the game often times have to be manipulated by moving your mouse or pressing the directional keys, be it opening a book and flipping through the pages, opening a door or playing with a flip book. It's supposed to give you the feeling of you actually interacting with the object, which seems like a nice idea at first but gets old really quick. Only once I felt like this mechanic actually added something to the experience but this moment didn't feel impactful enough to the point that I think it was a necessary story telling element (which means I think it would have worked better as a short film still).But what about the story, Is it any good? You play as Edith Finch who goes back to her former family home to learn about the deaths of the other family members who all died of unnatural causes. The game is a visual representation of a letter she wrote for her at the time unborn son, so Ediths point of view is narrated by herself. The various deaths are shown by small, playable flashbacks that last a couple of minutes each, some are longer than others. The causes of the deaths are quite unspectacular. The baby drowns in the bathtub, someone falls off a swing, the next guy falls off a cliff, the girl ate something bad, another one commits suicide because he was unhappy with his life and two people just vanish without further explanation. You only learn the bare minimum about each person to make you understand their death and nothing more. This makes it impossible to get emotionally attached to any of the characters in the game or feel for them. The only thing you know about them is that they once existed and how they died. The story doesn't give me any reason why I should care about anyone. At the end you learn, unsurprisingly, that Edith is dead as well, which was quite obvious by the games title and the way the narration was presented. After not even two hours of play time you see her son standing over her grave and that's the end of the story.You go through a house to briefly learn about the unspectacular deaths of people you know nothing about because you wanted to sum it up for your yet to be born son before dying yourself. There was no twist, no climax, no mystery or anything that would make this story remotely interesting.Okay, but this is still all my preference. What if you like these kind of stories and don't mind the gameplay? Is it worth the price? In my opinion, no. For the 20€ (or your equivalent) you get content that maxes out at about two and a half hours of play time if you really look at every object for multiple minutes. You are much better off by going to the cinema a couple of times or buy a few books if all you want is a good story. If you really need to play this game you should wait for an at least 50% discount in a future sale."
,Not Recommended,501300,32580967,Posted: 19 June,all,Disgruntled Daikon,"Although ""What Remains of Edith Finch"" is truly, an amazing and spectacular story: one which has left a heavy impression on me, I would not qualify it as an experience or ""game"". Don't get me wrong, I loved the use of creative art approaches and the diverse ways Giant Sparrow used in order to convey these stories in a way that isn't monotonous. It made me laugh, and gasp in awe each time a new ""secret"" was revealed. It's a work of art. However, aside from this: I still felt as if there was a discontinuity within the story itself which stopped me from enjoying it fully. If you're just here for the tl;dr: I don't think this ""game"" is worth $20, maybe just $10. You could've easily gotten the same experience  by just watching a lets play or gameplay of it on YouTube (and even better in my opinion because I enjoyed watching the first story more than playing it). Actually playing the game doesn't offer much more than watching someone go through it because it's very passive throughout most of the stories/mysteries. The only up side to buying it would be you can spend your time and gawk at the pretty aesthetics of the game.It felt as if someone began the story, and someone else had picked it up afterwards. When I finished the first few stories, and was led to the cemetery: it felt as if the game was ending, and made me feel conflicted. There were still many stories to be told, yet in the middle of the adventure: it felt like it was climaxing. Aditionally, the first few stories before going to the cemetery had a more elusive and supernatural feel to it; whereas the last stories felt more grounded. Personally, I also felt that the first few stories lacked the creativity put into the ""after cemetery"" part of the game. Maybe it's personal preference, but I enjoyed the last half much more. There was a more cohesive story line instead of it just being elusive. Yes, I know this is a mystery story: but you still need to have SOME form of cohesion.Spoiler ahead so, yeah.In Molly's story, I thoroughly enjoyed how she shapeshifted into different animals but can we be honest for a bit? A little girl who was locked in her room just ""disappeared"" in the middle of the night with no trace of her anywhere? I'd be willing to believe that she hallucinated and fell out her window to her death: but to just disappear seems ridiculious. Next, Barbara's story was one that falls in line with the ""ooh currsseee"" plotline. I love the creative use of the comic book but how did rick and her both magically disappear with only her ear left behind? IF it really was the murderers, why was there no conclusion on that? Why did the murderers just leave the house if they so easily broke into it? A lot of these things don't make sense, and don't allow the players to form any conclusions besides ""darn, curses"".The second half of the game was better than the first half, and had the most creative uses in my opinion. It didn't feel passive like the first few stories were. You could see the world through their eyes: their lenses. You weren't just along for the ride, but you WERE them. Instead of hearing the characters themselves talk about what happened, you actually experienced it for yourself. It went from being a ""story"" into a ""game"" especially in Lewis' and Gregory's stories. However, with these two stories being the only ones really worth ""playing through"" yourself: it's not worth the $20.Yes, the graphics are beautiful, and the music is fantastic. However, as a game: it fails to give me that same ""experience"" you feel in a Legend of Zelda or Professor Layton game. Yes, these games are vastly different, but they're both story driven and gave me the ""experience"" you can't get from just watching it on youtube. If it's on sale for half the price, I think it'd be worth it for the two hours it kills.Edit: Didn't know there was a spoiler format thing so, added that."
76561198345445358,Not Recommended,501300,32221504,Posted: 6 June,all,TRQueen,"I didnt felt the game at all. Yes the story elements are good, but it doesnt go deep. The music is OK. The house is very beautiful and odd at the same time. Gameplay is very BORING. Cant do anything. Its only walking and Exploring. I wish there was a story after you been trough all characters... But there wasnt? No big theory?Played LIFE IS STRANGE... i think this is a kind of same game but for me it didnt triggered the same emotions. So im pretty amazed it did to others, and that this game has so may positive reactions. ??"
,Not Recommended,501300,32748608,Posted: 24 June,all,Thorens666,"Let me start by saying that I am a big fan of these kind of games. I was very early to the ""walking-simulator"" hype, and while everyone was hating on games like ""Gone Home"" and ""Dear Esther"", I loved every second of these games.And that's why I find it so hard to believe that this game gets such rave reviews.Let me elaborate: the developers of this game obviously had some insanely creative ideas to show and help us experience their short stories. And I applaud them for this. But a creative way to tackle a story does not make up for the fact that most of these stories just don't feel right.To me, every story in this game felt like they had started writing it from the ending, or from one basic special element, and then they just worked their way through, filling in all the blanks. This feels so unnatural and therefore I can't begin to even feel the slightest emotion at any of these stories. Or the big overarching story as a whole.Take away the story and what remains of Edith Finch?Hardly anything. Gameplay is basic and controls are an absolute pain, but the visuals are stunning and voice talent is OK.Overall I would not recommend this, and I would say to anyone who is thinking about buying this to try Ether One instead. It has a similar feel and personal setting, but feels much more natural in its delivery."
76561198119038643,Recommended,501300,31352035,Posted: 24 April,all,Darthadon,"wonderful experience, brilliant story telling.  I never played anything as moving as this game..."
76561198017912501,Not Recommended,501300,32910378,Posted: 27 June,all,thehairymountainman,"Like a mediocre book, or a forgettable movieThis game is okay; not good; definitely not great.I have played and enjoyed many story driven games in the past. This game starts with promise; it's beautiful art direction, musical score, inovative story telling and mysterious atmosphere all had me hooked from the word go.But unfortunately, despite pursuing the entire game, expecting a twist or and answer or something astounding to happen... nothing did.I would say that I would not recommend this game, as it strikes me as an idea with mountains of potential, which was never able to be worked to that potential.A STORY driven game is only as good as its STORY.Ultimately I would not recommend this game; despite its beauty"
76561198059342678,Recommended,501300,31385174,Posted: 26 April,all,Jake Mistake,"Looking at What Remains of Edith Finch you get a walking simulator, of a girl returning to her family home in search of answers. The story is rather deep in a philosophical kinda way but it's easy to get stuck on the big looming question of  WHY everything is happening. I'd say don't go into it looking to get an answer to that because that is not the main focus of the story.Delivery wise, it's neat and innovative style of changing the gameplay aspects as you're introduced to the stories of deceased family members is something to continually anticipate as you play this game. Besides the basic waking an interacting with objects, the game also changes to things like first person platforming or to a 3D isometric adventure. These are nice additions but it's clear early on that they're not well-flushed out enough to sustain the game on their own. Utimately they're there to push the narrative.Presentation wise, it's really good. Alot of polish in the texture quality, almost excellent draw distance and plenty of detail in the environment for you to look at. Better yet is the amount of detail and craftsmanship that goes into the FInch home (where you'll spend most of your time) and how that translates to information on the deceased Finches. Background music is great too, plenty of ambient tunes for you to hear to set the mood for each new scene. Voice acting is mostly great. Ironically I found the one for the child star to be the most average of the bunch but the more prominent roles do well to immerse you into the world.It's a good game. I don't think there's enough here to change anyone's mind about buying a walking sim at full price, especially at a pricey 20 dollars, but that's fine. From the perspective of the niche market that this game targets, I would say it's worth it,A more in-depth review here:https://youtu.be/NwJbfyhqgbY"
76561197995191430,Not Recommended,501300,32855634,Posted: 27 June,all,EverythingIsData,"Very pretty-looking game with an interesting style and story, but it has two major drawbacks that keep me from recommending it:- The game has extremely poor value. We're talking two hours of gameplay, tops, for nearly $20 retail. Far to the right of the bell curve for vast majority of Steam titles.- Field of vision is so tightly constrained, and the controls so clunky, that the game gives motion sickness to both my wife and I.Cannot recommend this game to anyone. Value is subjective, but a game causing motion sickness due to tiny field of vision is unacceptable in 2017."
,Not Recommended,501300,34217610,Posted: 13 August,all,MisaChu93,Still highly frustrated bc I was really lookuing forward to playing this game but got nothing but error messages. I folled eery step I saw on the steam forums that were posted by people who were having the same problem. I verified the game and made sure everything on my pc was up to date and still got nowhere. There's a ton of people having the same problem.
,Recommended,501300,32616293,Posted: 21 June,all,Mr. Smodge,"Damn, had to punch a baby to feel manly again..."
76561198053871501,Not Recommended,501300,31990982,Posted: 27 May,all,Ee,"This game isn't bad at all - vice versa it is excellent.But it's like Juhani Aho's book Railroad: well-written, full of details of different areas of life, but leaves (narratively) a bad taste.After playing some time I realized that my role as ""a player"" won't help any of Edith Finch's relatives, and I wanted just to finish the game. Mainly I also keep too easy an idea of getting player's interest by killing all the characters in different ways. ""Okay, let's see how this person will face her/his death.""I bought this as a Soundtrack Edition. The game was artistic masterpiece and so on, but so hopeless that I don't believe me to find use for its fine soundtrack.I don't want to play the game again either - I rather recommend Home is Where One Starts... with €3."
76561197975912077,Recommended,501300,32492119,Posted: 16 June,all,Vicarious,Holy #$%(@!
,Recommended,501300,31642974,Posted: 9 May,all,♥Ai~Amaikawa♥,this game... how do I say it. the story is well done but it does lack clarity also don't read this if you don't want the game spoiled.Edith: prolly died from Childbirthbrothers: lewis died from suicide I think and the other went missing.Dawn: maybe died from cancer.Edie: prolly died from age. the rest you'll need to play. the one that was the saddest in my opinion of little Molly.
,Recommended,501300,31744222,Posted: 14 May,all,Lucid,"Game is just too short to be worth $20, despite how good the story and everything else is. Finished the game wanting more."
76561198086909431,Recommended,501300,34854207,Posted: 9 September,all,nobodyspecial,one of the best games ive ever played. I even had the ability to refund after completion of ther game
,Not Recommended,501300,32700428,Posted: 23 June,all,UltimateByte,"Well...First experience with the game is having the key binds set to a qwerty keyboard and not being able to change them. So well, you press shift + tab then start playing. Then you notice that you're having a way too sensitive mice and 43 FPS... With a GTX 970 at 1440p and with 1200dpi mice settings. Then you tweak settings a bit, but framerate doesn't really change, and mouse still feels laggy. Better use a gamepad.Then you seek the key to run, but the only one you find is the zoom key.Then you notice that the FOV is like 50 and that you won't be able to change it. Then you got some actions to do, and never get the right move with your damn mice because it makes no sense.(Then after 15 mins of gameplay, you eventually have a bug, where the game would stop on an action and you have to restart it.)Then you notice that at any action, your camera automatically points somewhere you wouldn't wanna look because you would like to discover the map and hidden stuff... But there isn't anything to discover. Just emptiness, a lane game where you mostly only watch and hear the story. You could argue it's the game type... But it shouldn't prevent the player to be able to discover stuff on its own.Gameplay is still rigid, the very few gameplay phases you get are empty, since they are no brainer and very poorly executed. And framerate is still pretty low most of the time, while graphics aren't especially good looking. Then after like 1h30mins, you're wondering :Well, hopefully the game will actually start at some point. But then 30 minutes late, it's over. And you think ""Well, even at less than 10€, it's still overpriced"".Story is interesting, that's why i finished the game, though i didn't feel very implicated to the story. Compared to what you get with Life is Strange, it doesn't feel like much.So no, i wouldn't recommend this poor console port with very poor gameplay."
76561198009670114,Not Recommended,501300,32900104,Posted: 27 June,all,Lunari,"This is one of those games that needs a mixed recommendation. If you can get it for $5, go for it, more than that, it's simply too short and lacking.Pros: It is visualy pleasing.Each segment has a neat little quirk to figure out to move on.The stories each have an interesting hook.It's a very unique game.Cons: This game is short.All the segments are short.The stories are too short and lacking to develop an emotional connection.The world looks intersting, but lacks interaction.The lack of interaction severly reduces the storytelling.Meh: She walks so slow. Incredibly slow.Most of the stories revolve around someone dying from being an idiot.Overall, it's ok for $5, but it looks far more interesting than it is. There is too much lacking to create an effective emotional hook, and this cripples the storytelling."
,Not Recommended,501300,33068834,Posted: 30 June,all,Lachrystic,"Hell no.$15 for a game that just stopped working.""SAVEWINPOS=1""Game will not start, and I'm not the only one with this stupid problem.Apparently the only known way to fix it is to UNINSTALL STEAM ENTIRELY then reinstall.Rather than take such a drastic action, I'm requesting a refund.Don't buy this game. Get it on sale and hope that it doesn't screw up.To the devs: Fix your game."
76561198037001575,Not Recommended,501300,33455260,Posted: 11 July,all,Gammar51,"As much as this game was interesting and trust me it was, all it comes down too is THIS IS HOW MY FAMILY DIED spun in with a few minigames. You never really get to see how each of the characters grew before their trageties and lets face it the game was VERY SHORT and it felt like i was in a candyland version of a cheap  haunted house (with very clever passages mind you) i would walk around in the mall hearing about the family members dying grusem deaths. The thing is if i wanted that experience I WOULD GO TO A HAUNTED HOUSE and lets face it i didn't have to spend 20 dollers for that experience."
,Not Recommended,501300,32078744,Posted: 30 May,all,Untide,"It took 2 hours, with bathroom breaks, to beat this game. Wish it had more of a puzzle element to it."
76561198065472436,Not Recommended,501300,32839184,Posted: 26 June,all,H0ST!LE,"If you decide to purchase this game be sure to increase your DPI tremendously. Story is intresting but a bit drawn out towards the end. Fun interactions but a bit difficult to manipulate. A feature I would suggest for this game is a running or at least speed walking option. You slowly stumble around your old house and being able to move a tad faster would go a long way. I beat the game in about an hour, I would say that it is probably not worth the money but visually captivating. Ending is a let down. Hope this helps."
,Not Recommended,501300,32744965,Posted: 24 June,all,periurban,"Really hard to recommend this at the price, even on sale. Cost me £11.74 for 3 hours or so.It's no Unfinished Swan. Instead of relying on a single original and fantastic idea it thrashes around with a dozen or so. You never know what's coming next, but when it does it is for the most part disconnected from everything else.The central theme of mortality was kinda generic for this kind of psychological narrative and didn't really make sense at any level. I could happily have seen some of these scenarios and mechanisms developed further, but as it stands there was zero challenge in any of them, and therefore no feeling of accomplishment or control as I progressed.If the idea was to bring a book to life then it should have been a better book. The player is a passenger on colourful rails. There is no exploration, no backtracking. It's linear all the way through, with nothing to collect and nothing to do except complete the task the story requires.If you are a fan of non-game games like the Stanley Parabel or Dear Esther et al then you might love this. Goodness knows the reviews here are ecstatic, but clever graphics do not neccessarily mean value for money.So, it's an E for effort from me."
76561198323968945,Recommended,501300,32986620,Posted: 29 June,all,empurcell,I liked your game but it is a bit lagly
76561198117345293,Not Recommended,501300,34840996,Posted: 9 September,all,sa0836561663,Bored me rigid.
76561198061913856,Not Recommended,501300,33420852,Posted: 9 July,all,High-Five Guy,"Edit: I didn't want to have to edit this but I don't know if people were actually understanding my feelings about this game. Maybe that was because I poorly conveyed it or it was because of the cult following behind this game seeing a negative review and instantly saying it is bad. So I am going to add this here so people understand. I, in no way, hate this game. I don't even dislike the game. I think it was a pretty decent game in fact, I just merely think it wasn't worth the $20 I spent on it when other games with more content and a better story are available for the same price.What Remains of Edith Finch. Where do I begin? Well, first of all, SPOILERS. There will 100% be spoilers in this review because there is really no way around it. The reason that is is because this game is a story. That's it. If you are looking for gameplay, don't buy this game. It can be equated to an interactive storybook, but without any choices.HOWEVER, I am going to do a very quick, spoiler free summary on why I don't think you should buy this game.In my opinion:- The Graphics Are Good- The Environment Is Good- The General Feel Is Good- The Story Is, At Best, AverageSo, that is a pretty positive review, why is this review negative? The price. This game isn't worth $20. I would say it'd be worth around $10 - $15, not $20. You are basically paying $10 per hour of ""gameplay"" which, to me isn't worth the cost.Now I am going to transition to my spoiler review. You have been warned.Last Warning, Spoilers AheadSo, you start on a boat. Who are you? Doesn't matter. You will be sitting there until you look down and see a book. You then read it and turn into someone entirely different. Now, you are Edith Finch. If you are perceptive you may notice that your character's stomach is a little large. This turns out to be because she is pregnant, which I called during the first five minutes. I think that was a good way of telling the story without just saying it. Sadly, at least in my opinion, it is one of the few times the game does this; at least with the main stories. I won't describe the whole game because that would take a while, unlike this game. I completed the game in about 3 hours which was extended a bit because I paused a few times without closing the window. The story is about the ""Finch Family Curse"" which has led to every member of the Finch family dying except for Edith. You go through the story, learning how each of these people died. The problem is, it's never quite right. It isn't told exactly how it happened. For example the first story you go through, Molly's Story, has her turning into a cat, an owl, a shark, and then a monster. Now this is told from Molly's perspective and she was a child who was, presumably, dreaming so that's fine but other times it makes less sense. For example there is a story about a child I forgot the name of (sorry). Basically, they are flying a kite during a wedding and really don't want to be there. Eventually the child's parent asks for them to come in for a photo, and the child gives the parent a middle finger. This leads to the parents neglecting their child and he/she stays out as a storm brews. Eventually they are killed by, if you take the story at face value, a tent which is picked up by the storm and hits them. You'd have to play the game to really understand why that doesn't make any sense but it's not supposed to. The narrator is unreliable so you aren't going to know exactly what happened. This is true for basically all of the stories. However it isn't negative all the time. In fact, the best story in the game uses this unreliable narrator to an extent. That story would be the story of Lewis. The reason it is the best is because I think everyone can relate to it. It is the story of someone who has to perform a monotonous task over and over so he starts to daydream. The reason I think it's the best story is the daydream itself is incredible and looks fantastic. I think the contrast of him having to keep doing his day job while still keeping up with work is fascinating and posed a challenge at first (The dream is controlled with WASD and the job was controlled with the MOUSE). This transitions to a point which will sort of sum up my thoughts on What Remains of Edith Finch. I connected to Lewis because he was doing something that I have had to do and that connection is what made the story compelling. The problem is, I didn't connect with really any of the other stories. Honestly, I don't know if anyone could've connected to some of these stories because of how strange they were. I would say the most relatable stories would be the stories of Gregory (hopefully not), Lewis, Possibly Walter (again hopefully not), and that's probably it. I may be forgetting one or two more but that's not really relevant. I mean, obviously I am glad I didn't connect to the stories of Gregory or Walter because they are tragic but, because I didn't connect to them, I overall had less interest and investment in the game. This game is somewhat built upon these stories being somewhat reliable and I think that is a major flaw. Obviously the development team are allowed to make their game the way they want and I'm glad that that is true but this choice really hurts the game. It means that, if you haven't really dealt with too much loss or tragedy in your life you won't be able to connect as much to the game and that isn't a great idea, at least I don't think it is.So that basically sums up my thoughts on What Remains of Edith Finch. A few last things I forgot to mention:1) I think the game suffers from its method of storytelling. You don't find out anything by yourself, it force feeds it to you. I feel the game could have definitely been improved by adding more visual clues that you as the player can find for yourself instead of Edith constantly telling you what happened. It would have encouraged exploration which is a good thing in most games, especially ""walking simulator"" type games.2) The story itself was a little dull. It was an interesting idea but it didn't feel satisfying. I think that it was hurt by the lack of a beginning, middle, and end. There was no progression. The characters didn't grow. That already happened. Now you are left to pick up the remains. To try and find out what happened. It would be like if in Skyrim, the dragons are long dead and won't be coming back so you are only able to read about them in books and dream about what it was like.3) This review was written only a few hours after I completed the game so I may be a bit biased because I have not had an extended time to process everything that happened. However I think my criticisms are valid and, even with a lot of time to sit and think about the game, wouldn't really be resolved. Also I don't know if it is my fault or the fault of the game, but the fact I forgot a few of the characters names only a few hours after playing isn't great for a story driven game.That's about it. I've said everything I wanted to say right now about this game. So now, it is up to you. I think the game isn't worth your money at $20. If it goes on sale for $10 to $15 I would recommend it, but at the current price I don't think it's worth it. Some other games that are story driven games and under or at $20 I would recommend are Pony Island, Life is Strange, Emily is Away Too. I have not reviewed these games yet but as a quick synopsis:- Pony Island is one of my favorite games of all time. It has good gameplay but the story is what made it great. Plus it’s only $5 dollars.- Life is Strange is the biggest game listed content wise and you probably know about it but I think it has a great story with 5 parts, more compelling characters, and it is the same price.- Emily is Away Too is also probably one of my favorite games of all time. It is something that almost anyone can relate to which is an up on this game. Plus it’s only $5 dollars."
76561198143885270,Not Recommended,501300,34083386,Posted: 7 August,all,VultureKing,"The story is fine, i wouldn't spend more than 10 dollars for it though. Lot of people seem to be over praising it.Another reason why I wouldn't spend more than 10 dollars is because the story is short as hell (I beated it within 1.9 hours and was able to get my money back), and it has 0 replayability value. Its too slow of a story to play again.Unless the developers lower the fair price of $5, I would buy this on sale, rush through it, and then refund it. Game not worth 20 bucks at all.oh and its poorly optimized, I was having framerate issues and screen tearing."
76561197972433743,Not Recommended,501300,33104201,Posted: 1 July,all,✈✈ █ █,"Looks more like a walking simulator, I expected it to be as amazing as life is strange but in the end each """"decision"""" u make was straightforward its not like if u do ""A"" instead of ""B"" u get a different game, still good story and soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,501300,31662238,Posted: 10 May,all,PoopyAssMan,"A visual story told through the eyes of the last remaining member of a family cursed with early deaths. The best part of the game was the graphics as it ran smooth with essentially no tweaking to the original settings. Environments were detailed and helped paint the story with color. The game takes you through each family member's room and tells, briefly, their story.Outside of that I can't really say there's much more to this story game. There was no gameplay to speak of; no puzzle elements, navigation, or problem solving of any kind. Just press forward to advance through the house.The story, the main aspect, was... kinda boring. There were about 3-4 family members whose deaths still remained a complete mystery and you're left guessing at how they died. Most of them died in pretty mundane ways too; no one died doing anything heoric, strange, or interesting. Each family member lived pretty mundane lives that most anyone could have lived. Nothing wacky or stimulating. I mean, yeah, their family is a bit DIY-ish and ambitious (painter, house builder, artist, child actor, etc), but no one achieved any greatness or did anything significant other than dieing clumsily.Each family member's story is told very briefly from either their eyes or some artistic recreation, which was cool, but again, brief. Their stories didn't link up too significantly and you didn't get too much of a picture of their full life with the family who clearly is very close with one another.There was one part of the story where I became genuinely interested in what was going to happen next (the one concerning Edie and the old house), and then, bam, that story ends, ok on to the next...The end was a bit touching, the rest was a snoozefest."
,Recommended,501300,31432082,Posted: 28 April,all,Artifuse,10/10 would die again
76561197964798442,Not Recommended,501300,32684894,Posted: 23 June,all,[40-1]MuNkEr,"£15 for less than 2.5 hrs gameplay?""meh""Maybe family members will play it if you notice my play hours get over 2.3hrs but if I'd have looked into this a bit more and been aware it was such a short game instead of going by all the positive Steam reviews (my fault entirely) I'm afraid I wouldn't have parted with my money.Oh well you win some you loose some I guess.."
76561198103035804,Not Recommended,501300,32743745,Posted: 24 June,all,Silverfox,Waste of money!! Done in 40 min.
76561197961061948,Not Recommended,501300,34839295,Posted: 9 September,all,pace,Boring
76561198075969022,Not Recommended,501300,31674414,Posted: 10 May,all,Mike,"Finished this in a little over two hours while doing some bactracking and trying to get a feel of it all. I can say I am completely disappointed by how the story(ies) turned out, there is some innovative gameplay, the visuals are pleasing, the audio fitting so this had a chace to be so much more but sadly it isn't.Even if it were great it wouldn't be worth it to pay 20 euros for 2 hours of gameplay with no replay value. I suggest to stay away from it until it goes on sale.I would maybe recommend this at 5$ and that is if you happen to find yourself with 2 hours of free time that you want to throw away."
76561198052380116,Not Recommended,501300,32735406,Posted: 24 June,all,scheneia,"It´s a shame that this review will be burried under the ton of positive ones, but god am I angry right now. The only good thing about the game is the kick♥♥♥♥♥house, really well done. The rest is bad from the beginning to the end,The story is pretty much a Goosebumps paperback made into a game: not particularly entertaining when you´re over 12 and leaves you with zero answers. And it´s not in the Nolan way, it´s just lazy.The character is boring and has zero personality, the rest is so sketchy that you can´t even start caring.The programming is clumsy and the game is just awkward to interact with in general.Gameplay - non-existent. It could just be a VR movie, the game doesn´t need you except for some simple clicking and more or less game like parts are done so poorly they´re just annoying.Summary - buy if it´s very VERY cheap if you´re that interested. Otherwise don´t waste time."
,Not Recommended,501300,32705074,Posted: 23 June,all,Iro,"The message is too old. Although there are some good dreamy ideas when Edith reads the diaries, I think the story is very simple. _.-[ SPOILER ALERT]-._It's basically just some successive death stories and a final message to live mindfully.I don't know how many people worked on ""Life is strange"" compared to this one but I preferred Life is strange. The game is not bad, but also not good. 5/10 and a bit too pricey for 3-4 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,501300,31597990,Posted: 7 May,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Recommended,501300,31352292,Posted: 25 April,all,Mirage,Cool stories bro!
76561198218351969,Not Recommended,501300,31656698,Posted: 9 May,all,punkrose58,"would recommend but the game is very glitchy. I've come across 2 problems where I had to restart the game, but the last bug I can't get around. So I basically can't finish the game (sucks cause I was really enjoying it!) the part where you're supposed to chop heads off fish it glitches like crazy. I almost always had issues during the interactive stories of how the characters died. Some parts were nearly unplayable but I perserveared until I reached one that just wasn't playable."
76561198018628021,Not Recommended,501300,32420621,Posted: 14 June,all,WorkHorse,"I do not understand the overwhelmingly positive reviews. Personally I thought the game sucked -- BIG TIME.  Adventure games need interaction, this was more like a bad LSD trip. Artwork was pretty, music was bland. Not recommended if you like games, highly recommended if you are into using hallucinogens."
,Not Recommended,501300,33334685,Posted: 6 July,all,CreamyFondue,my 15 dollars!!!!! waste of money :(
,Not Recommended,501300,33757326,Posted: 23 July,all,LillithZero,"It's so short. I even took a half hour nap during that 3h.The story just doesn't make sense to me.Good graphics, though. Some rooms almost make me want to live in. There's a unique way of storytelling. The developers definitely put lots of thoughts into it.I should have waited for black Friday to buy it for $5 or so."
,Not Recommended,501300,32672439,Posted: 23 June,all,andyando,"Not much game here. Was purely click here, listen to story, now click here etc.This seems to be a trendy genre of game where it's all style over substance, but I think publishers need to be a lot clearer that there isn't actually much for you to do."
,Not Recommended,501300,33539334,Posted: 14 July,all,Average_dick_sucker,Ending♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.  Not worth what I paid for it.You should play Gone Home or Vanishing of Ethan Carter instead.
,Not Recommended,501300,33087092,Posted: 1 July,all,C:aptain,I do not recommend this game
,Not Recommended,501300,31694188,Posted: 11 May,all,PandasAndKpop,"This game is nice and all, but I spent about $20 for it and it has bugs. :/ Walter I think it was? When he's supposed to break down the wall, the game glitches and the wall is still there. I followed advice from online and skipped it. Then for Samuel's story, he's trying to take a picture of Dawn, I think, but it doesn't move on even when I take the picture. This game is interesting, and I know $20 isn't honestly that much for a game, but it seems like a lot to a poor recently-graduated college student, lol, and I did pay for it, so I wish it would work. :/ I want to recommend it, but unless the bugs are fixed it's not really playable."
76561198066638838,Not Recommended,501300,31892544,Posted: 21 May,all,Zefeh,"I was really looking fowards to playing this game but right now it is unplayable on my computer.  RX 480 and Ryzen R7 1700X at 3.8Ghz and it stutters as 1080p Medium Resolution Settings and medium/high on everything else.The game is a stuttery mess! I can go from 60-80FPS down to 20-30FPS. Everything stutters, audio/video/etc - even mouse movement stutters in the menu!  Until this game gets patched and I'm on my hardware (specifically the CPU, I believe it's an issue with multi-core CPUs above 4 cores etc), I can't play the game.Super disappointed in how utterly unoptimized this game is - even for the PC!"
,Not Recommended,501300,35201744,Posted: 25 September,all,blueberry,"No, I would not recommend this at all. I love walking sims and after seeing the praise this game got I knew I had to buy it. Then, and hour later when I was sitting there watching the credits roll and wondering how in the hell this game got such good reviews, I knew I had to refund it. It's absolute trash."
,Not Recommended,501300,32807461,Posted: 26 June,all,BadLuck,"Sorry, I get the whole 'mah artistic vision' thing, but locking the game at 55 FOV should be illegal"
76561198142557826,Not Recommended,501300,31679050,Posted: 11 May,all,☠Black Knight,"I never knew Uncle Fred... but his name was Fred. He liked to fish. Then a fish ate him.10/10 Super sad.I like this type of game. But THIS game does everything wrong. None of the characters are presented enough for you to give a rats♥♥♥♥♥about them. Other than the narrator that you play as, everyone else gets MAYBE 3 lines of dialogue and they are all flashbacks. The game tries to be sad and evoke some kind of emotion, but it doesn't know how to do it.And then we have the god awful controls.10/10. Would climb tiny tree branches while pregnant again. Cause to hell with common sense, am I right?"
,Not Recommended,501300,31942035,Posted: 24 May,all,COCK,too sad
,Not Recommended,501300,33015473,Posted: 29 June,all,PestilenZ,This game wants to be so many things but fails to deliver in the end.
,Not Recommended,501300,31833491,Posted: 18 May,all,DestinyDehond (Twitch),Not worth $21.99 way to short. Im not happy with it at all. The story is good and all the graphics are good but I did not enjoy it...Worth $10.00 maybe but def not $21.99
76561198112464101,Not Recommended,501300,31534429,Posted: 3 May,all,TaeTae,"After playing thru the entire game, I feel as though I only heard half of a story.  Felt very unfinished to me and I am quite disappointed.  I rarely leave negative reviews but at this point i felt like I wasted the time listening to half of a story :-/ yet i reached the end."
76561197992719846,Not Recommended,501300,33682942,Posted: 20 July,all,Blitzkrieg,"What a waste of money, do not buy this game!"
76561198056675851,Not Recommended,501300,31385832,Posted: 26 April,all,Anicus,"I jumped on this because I saw that the creators of the Unfinished Swan were behind it. There weren't any reviews, but I was positive that I'd enjoy it.Unfortunately I don't think this game is worth  20 bucks for a few reasons.1) The only reason it takes as long to beat as it does is because you can ""ONLY"" walk.2) The story is actually quite sad... unlike the Unfinished Swan which was bit more lighthearted-(only matters if you hate sad endings)3) This is really more of an interactive story and than a full fledged game; there were no risks or challenges for players.. it's like a walking simulator with good narration.So.. if you're just interested in this because of the storytelling regardless of how it ends, then this will be a pleasant treat for you.. The storytelling is about the only thing that I really liked aside from the music. But I still say wait til this goes on sale. I give it a no.. Very little replay value.. it just looks pretty."
76561198091876089,Not Recommended,501300,31707705,Posted: 12 May,all,SkankHunt42,Did I play a different game from everyone else here? Overwhelmingly positive...I guess thats because there is only 644 reviews. Does this even count as a 'game'. Did they run out of time and not want to finish the story? Is there supposed to be a sequel? WTF!?
,Not Recommended,501300,31379659,Posted: 26 April,all,Dorian,"A nice little story, but nothing novel or surprising. Finished it in about two hours. Not really worth the full price, but maybe at a deep discount."
,Recommended,501300,31380925,Posted: 26 April,all,Mike,"I'm loving it so far! Great music and atmosphere, touching story. You go through the environment and experience the history of the Finch family. It reminds me of Gone Home, but this game is a bit more varied and interactive.I also didn't have any technical issues at all, which is always nice (FYI played with a controller, so can't speak for keyboard and mouse support). So overall I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys something with a slower pace and focus on atmosphere and story."
76561198035256238,Recommended,501300,31384944,Posted: 26 April,all,entropicmyopic,"Great story based game.  Makes a fairly strong argument that even the least interactive experience can still benefit from being interactive if it plays with expectations.Only complaint?  It's over too quickly.  But then again, it's a story about life and death, so maybe that's appropriate....Recommended at whatever price point you think is good for a quality 2 hour experience.  For me that was full price but that may be too short for some if length is important to you."
,Recommended,501300,31354574,Posted: 25 April,all,Blackhaven,"Somewhat short, but excellent story telling.Really enjoyed the experience :)"
76561198119774852,Recommended,501300,31365324,Posted: 25 April,all,Jihad_Feminist,The most emotionally overwhelming game I've ever played.
76561198141185800,Recommended,501300,31371670,Posted: 26 April,all,carraro.nicholas,"What Remains of Edith Finch is as genius in its design as it is visually stunning. Grabbingly immersive and from the very first moment to its emotionally satisfying end, it was an experience unlike any other.The haunting story is somber but somehow uplifting, its wonderfully crafted tableaus are each told in their own brilliantly unique style and tone that not only keeps the narrative fresh and surprising but brings deeper meaning to the stories by forging an emotional connection between the player and the subject.The house itself is a facinating character and the phenominal level design turns it into a beatiful maze that somehow has no dead ends - because everywhere you go there's a rewarding surprise. I was constantly impressed with both its eerieness and its interconnectivity where I felt that my curiousity was always rewarded.This game with strike you deep and keep you thinking long after the credits have rolled. A truly exceptional experience."
,Recommended,501300,31370674,Posted: 25 April,all,CliftonB,"Where many walking sims put you in the place of a third-party latecomer to piece together glimpses of events that took place in the past, Edith Finch not only puts you in the shoes of someone who was there, but gives you the opportunity to live out moments of every character in the story, each in a unique visual & gameplay style that complements their character. It's a great take on the find-out-what-happened genre of games."
,Recommended,501300,31370290,Posted: 25 April,all,ChaosReigner,"Kind of like a Gone Home or Dear Ester that shows rather than tells (specifically the perspectives of hyperbolic narrators) and shifts the camera so you know what you need to be looking at. It's pretty cool, also comes close to solving the problem of awkwardly staring at stuff after you unlock a soundclip (kind of like the anti-Bioshock)."
,Recommended,501300,31365592,Posted: 25 April,all,Foeh,"This game may feel too short for 19,99 EUR, but I appreciate the innovative narrative. It was more than just a walking simulator for me (although it really is, so don't expect puzzles) and it really resonated with me on a very special level. This game feels personal and after seeing the credits, I can maybe understand why. Thanks for the team, I don't regret paying more for it, although it felt like a bit of a let down. Maybe because I wanted to explore and learn more? Oh man, I really didn't want it to end.Edit: Now that the soundtrack is also available, purchasing the bundle is highly recommended. The soundtrack is amazing!"
,Recommended,501300,31421787,Posted: 28 April,all,Goblin,I loved every moment playing this game.
,Recommended,501300,31416684,Posted: 28 April,all,Virtual Light,One of my best gaming experiences. Ever.
,Recommended,501300,31419729,Posted: 28 April,all,forkburn,Gone Home with surrealism
76561198008590164,Recommended,501300,31419084,Posted: 28 April,all,doomonyou87,"I loved this game! It's so eerie, and it has a great story. Definitely recommended!"
76561197968436608,Recommended,501300,31426972,Posted: 28 April,all,Origami,"What an experience.Not a fan of the ""genre"", but this easily became one of my all-time favorites."
,Recommended,501300,31438663,Posted: 29 April,all,Mister Grift,Amazing Game.. 100% reccommend!
76561198046015574,Recommended,501300,31438710,Posted: 29 April,all,Ahab,"It's rather short, but very rich experience."
76561197983670658,Recommended,501300,31441517,Posted: 29 April,all,RDef,Enjoying this game a great deal
,Recommended,501300,31426412,Posted: 28 April,all,ZuluPilot,"I had the fortune of having no idea this game existed despite playing Giant Sparrow's previous effort, the unfinished swan, several times. I only heard about Edith Finch a few hours before it released and was absoluetly blown away by how utterly beautiful the game was when I bought it just because I like the dev. I'm not one to call games perfect, ever, but this one comes closer than anything I've ever played. It's such a meaningful story, so delicatley told, well paced and all wrapped up in a nearly perfect presentation. And despite only being 2 hours long at 20€, I cannot recommend this gem of a game enough. 10/10 without a doubt."
76561197998609864,Recommended,501300,31430184,Posted: 28 April,all,AngelFire,"This is a very good game, Interactive story thats very well done. And is not to bad with a keyboard and mouse."
76561197984318042,Recommended,501300,31444325,Posted: 29 April,all,Matte,Great.
76561197992684692,Recommended,501300,31445869,Posted: 29 April,all,Aldun,"""What Remains of Edith Finch"" tells the sort of story that only really works in a video game. A movie or a book dealing with uncovering the stories in a family tree would be hard, if not impossible, to pull off."
,Recommended,501300,33025696,Posted: 29 June,all,Jason Covin,this is a piece of artgreat storygreat musicgreat artgreat gameplaythanks for great game....What Remains of Edith Finch
,Recommended,501300,33076880,Posted: 1 July,all,Copydawg,"Incredibly imaginative and ingenious way of storytelling. This is the power of gaming if used properly as a proper storytelling medium. Story wise, I love how they build up the ""myth"" and all, how each character feels distinct and memorable. Gameplay wise, each character is represented through unique game mechanics that are equally unique. A must play game for those who love narrative, story based games such as Gone Home, etc."
,Recommended,501300,33083603,Posted: 1 July,all,Paul,"I had no idea what to expect. I really liked Firewatch and really disliked Gone Home. Edith Finch is a really enjoyable, unique, experience full of surprises and clever design and writing. HIghly recommended!"
76561198021468801,Recommended,501300,33087571,Posted: 1 July,all,manuee,What a game ! A muste have !!
,Recommended,501300,33098827,Posted: 1 July,all,AMV_Ph34r,"Absolutely incredible. The art direction and ""level"" (house) design are amazingly well done, the soundtrack brings you right into each character's story, and the voice acting is excellent (with a clever and immersive take on subtitles).I won't speak to the story too much to avoid spoiling anything but you are Edith Finch, returning to your childhood home on your mother's wishes, back to discover... something she wanted you to know about. The story is revealed in pieces, covering members of Edith's extended family, and each piece is told in a unique and creative way that will make you feel feelings, good and bad.At $20 and with a playtime of about 2 hours, it might seem a little steep, but it's well worth the cost. There's not much in terms of puzzles to solve but if you like an immersive and intriguing story, and you enjoy games such as Dear Esther, Everybody's Gone to the Rapture, Gone Home, Firewatch or The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, this game combines some of the best elements of all of those and is not one to be skipped."
76561197999712972,Recommended,501300,33097798,Posted: 1 July,all,{emptyset},It's perfect.
,Recommended,501300,33091461,Posted: 1 July,all,Owndead,"A fantastic walking simulator in the same category as Gone Home. The only problem, and this goes for all games in the walking simulator sub-genre, is that it is quite short, and if you take umbrage at that, you are better to wait for it to go on sale before picking it up, if at all. But in spite of its length, What Remains is a beautifully crafted experience that should really be played to be believed. The soundtrack is impeccable, as is the story; wholly recommended."
76561198281772394,Recommended,501300,33107013,Posted: 1 July,all,chocron.e,"I have played for a little more than an hour, but let me tell you that this game is a masterpiece of its craft. It is an excellent game, that I recommend anyone with a creative mind to give a try. More games should be in this narrative. I give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,501300,33109451,Posted: 1 July,all,Lawtherkid,This is game is simply amazing! Such a great concept and good storyline. It is also visually stunning in its own aspect. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,501300,33260453,Posted: 4 July,all,Distortron,"Wow!  What an amazing game (or should I say piece of art).  This game took me places I never knew I had to go and what an awesome ride!A true masterpiece of storytelling mixed with fun and exciting visuals, gameplay and details, details, details. I really can't say enough about this game and can only thank those who put it all together for doing so.  Great job!  Thanks also to to all of those who rated high enough for me to even give it a shot in the first place.  If you hadn't I probably would've missed it."
76561198098401578,Recommended,501300,33189130,Posted: 3 July,all,Joe Loopy,Such a well told story. Cant recommend this game enough.
76561198005952118,Recommended,501300,33183673,Posted: 3 July,all,Nozdrum,It is a good game.
,Recommended,501300,33149656,Posted: 2 July,all,SBalazs,"A touching story, quite short but full of details and sadness.A beautiful game.Great soundtrack.Thank you developers for this gift.10/10"
76561197976277053,Recommended,501300,33154547,Posted: 2 July,all,Tommyboy,Beautiful game. Thank you developers for creating such a great experience!Loved it every second playing it. Want to play more of these gems!
,Recommended,501300,33154998,Posted: 2 July,all,Fedor Hooch,Neat little walking simulator. Story has an indie movie feel.
76561198361170322,Recommended,501300,33138084,Posted: 2 July,all,K1SSGUN,Best the game I have ever played.I knew the game when I saw LIVE.The producers are so brilliant.Good story and  pretty graphics.It looks like the Disneyland and reminds me of my childhood.I love it so much.
,Recommended,501300,33157377,Posted: 2 July,all,MrAnagaM,"What Remains of Edith Finch is an exploration, click and walking simulator kind of game.Dont get me wrong the walking simulator is about 30% of the game, so dont let it scare you off.I believe even if its a short game and the character movement is just a bit slow comparing it to my normal FPS taste, there is a reason to it and its a good one which allow myself to make the movement part  as an non relevant aspect, in the bad way of aspect, the slowness of the movement will let you squeeze every juice of games story.The story of Edith is very emotional and actually very interesting for a narrated story in a game.The art, gameplay and music are on point, I have to give the music part an 11/10, because it makes you get into game and kinda connect with the characters, also the voice actors made excellent job giving characters voice and the narrated experience the gold star and a reason to enjoy very much the game.The only CONS I could find was the how brief was the game, and not brief because its actually a very short but because by the end, I wanted a bit more of the story.I would totally recommend the game, and as every emotional and exploration game, you can replay twice to really undestand the meaning of the game.Congrats to devs and to the writer especially for such an amazing experience, I was looking for game like this ever since The Vanishing of Ethan Carter came into my library and left a new opening and interest for a new game genre.Now, I would give a 10/10 to game, even though Im tempted to give a 9.5 but only because I wanted more, I think its a bit selfish to put my personal interest on top of the objective and critical review of the game.SoMusic 11/10Graphics 10/10Voice acting 11/10Gameplay 10/10Story 10/10Conclusion = 10/10"
,Recommended,501300,33164808,Posted: 2 July,all,Raphy,"This game's story is incredibly fantastic. I thought I would not like this game after hearing ""Walking simulator"" in some of the reviews, but the story is so deep and intriguing and I gets you into it in a short amount of time. Do not think the game is too short. it's just enough to tell you what it have to. This game is a piece of art! the graphics style, sound, everything!!"
76561197970429726,Recommended,501300,33251341,Posted: 4 July,all,Ur-Lord Wayland,WOW!  What a great story experience.  A definitely must-play for those who enjoy a good story.
76561198041328707,Recommended,501300,33302916,Posted: 6 July,all,theonlyasianjedi,"Great game, very engaging (and somewhat disturbing) storyline. Definitely worth the download."
76561198227063536,Recommended,501300,32147477,Posted: 3 June,all,Dosgamer92,"Great game, like playing an interactive novel. Extremely story driven with a fair amount of depth. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,501300,32170137,Posted: 4 June,all,Nelfie,"Great game, like playing an interactive novel. Extremely story driven with a fair amount of depth. Highly recommended."
76561198104269710,Recommended,501300,32182330,Posted: 4 June,all,Jimster,Fantastic game!
76561197969687669,Recommended,501300,32170449,Posted: 4 June,all,Scelous,"Well, I was very wary about this walking simulator.  But yeah, everyone's right; it's good.I will say I didn't have any strong emotional reaction to it -- maybe the most was with Lewis, but even then, it wasn't extreme.  I couldn't imagine crying over this game.Also, I thought what Edith Finch did -- the reason she was narrating the story -- was incredibly selfish and stupid.  I might go so far as to say evil.Still, What Remains of Edith Finch was really good, and I do recommend it."
,Recommended,501300,32189517,Posted: 4 June,all,DarkAngel,This interactive storytelling was just amazing. If you like games like Dear Esther but wish it was more interactive then this is for you!
,Recommended,501300,32171130,Posted: 4 June,all,Mendhak,"Take your time enjoying these slowly revealed stories.The best was, IMO, Lewis' story - the presentation was very well done."
76561198209270608,Recommended,501300,32524402,Posted: 17 June,all,AutumnChimera,This game took me on a rollercoaster of emotions! and there is even connections to the Unfinished Swan! definitely recommend this game! and if you havent played the Unfinished Swan i recommend that too! these guys know how to make an immersive story!
,Recommended,501300,32442839,Posted: 15 June,all,elryry,"Great game! Quick, but amazing story."
,Recommended,501300,32462950,Posted: 15 June,all,Fliboys,"What impressed me most about this game was the unusually creative methods used to tell parts of the story, like flipping through a comic book and taking over the characters, looking through a stack of photos then suddenly taking control of the camera - stuff like this is what sets this game apart from the rest."
76561198027051814,Recommended,501300,33130492,Posted: 2 July,all,sius101,"The game has an interesting storyline that kept me wanting to move forward throughout the game. The surroundings are beautifully crafted and very detailed. The music fits the game very well and really adds to the feel of the story. I really liked the game, though it failed to really move me as much as games like Life is strange and To the moon managed to do. With just over 2 hours of game play the price is somewhat steep, but I would recommend buying it when it's on sale."
76561198123182637,Recommended,501300,33131064,Posted: 2 July,all,Dragon-mZm,"Fantastic!Amazing!Outstanding!Touching! I have found no word to describe the game,because it's so good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198009838667,Recommended,501300,33132441,Posted: 2 July,all,AAjax,One of the most imagintive and engaging game's I have ever played.
,Recommended,501300,33319797,Posted: 6 July,all,Tufira,"This game was so beautifully written and designed that it completely immersed me within its story. The story can be interpreted based on how it impacts you personally, but ultimately it is about death and the fleeting beauty of life. Even if you don't like walking simulators, I suggest you give this game a chance as it has its own unique way of storytelling unlike other walking simulators, and the voice acting is amazing. If you like deep story orientated games then this game is for you. 10/10 for making me cry."
76561198038117709,Recommended,501300,33304174,Posted: 6 July,all,Darxshad,"Wow. I almost overlooked this game, and I am so glad that I didnt. This game is really one of a kind. It is an experience that is hard to put to words. All I can say is, if you are interested in something short and special, What Remains of Edith Finch is definitely worth checking out."
76561198018368121,Recommended,501300,33322256,Posted: 6 July,all,Daspels,Short and good.
76561197992861353,Recommended,501300,33323589,Posted: 6 July,all,El Diablo,Great but short
,Recommended,501300,33331734,Posted: 6 July,all,[O4CE] Johnjohns,"I have almost no words to describe how good this game is.Brilliant Storytelling.Seamless Transitions.Outstanding Visuals.Haunting Atmospherics.An attention to detail oh so expertly executed, I'm convinced this game is partially based on real events.... which is downright terrifiying.Glad I picked this title up. Will definitly give me something to think about for a while.Will probly go back and do another playthrough. See what other secrects I have missed."
76561197970378993,Recommended,501300,33329496,Posted: 6 July,all,Circuitry,"Short, but very nice and unique. Both the story and gameplay is interesting. Not just another walking sim."
,Recommended,501300,32817829,Posted: 26 June,all,vEye,"Amazing game. Not too long, but what a special story. Dedicate ~2 hours to play this in one sitting."
,Recommended,501300,32788492,Posted: 25 June,all,Jumpingisfutile,what an amazing story
,Recommended,501300,32749468,Posted: 24 June,all,Author Aspie,"This game was amazing, the story was deep and emotional. The graphics were stunning, very beautiful. The conclusion of the game was guessable, but very unexpected at least to me. I would love a sequel containing characters from  (SPOILER WARNING) the child that Edith gave birth to."
,Recommended,501300,32711944,Posted: 23 June,all,pockypimp,"Super rich story, one of those games where you're just along for the ride listening to a fantastic story."
76561198039961663,Recommended,501300,32723109,Posted: 24 June,all,hrvanzuilen,Great. Worth it at full price. Just buy it and play it.
,Recommended,501300,32775241,Posted: 25 June,all,samiamir,Incredible experience. It's a short and tight linear narrative with very creative use of gameplay mechanics to tell a story about a family. I developed connections with so many characters and it left me feeling bittersweet.
76561198067306697,Recommended,501300,32808911,Posted: 26 June,all,Tootis :3,"Fantastic and Touching game, Was disappointed over how short it was though."
,Recommended,501300,32785961,Posted: 25 June,all,FlyHighDandelion,"This game is so beautifully made it will break your heart <3It's short, but it has definitely left me wanting for more... and needing a warm cup of lemon tea."
,Recommended,501300,32788688,Posted: 25 June,all,Cobiz24,"First off love this developer, second yes it's a small game (3 hours total). The story in this game is a little different, and if you played their other game (unfinished swan) it does tie into this one. Over all the game feels like a story that spans multiple lives and years. Sure this game is a little short but not only is the story amazing but so is the art style. Get this game on sale and give it a try."
,Recommended,501300,32777913,Posted: 25 June,all,bloodlynx,An unique experience
,Recommended,501300,32788127,Posted: 25 June,all,Treato,"This game was absolutely amazing..The story was great, the graphics were great and I was left completely in awe. At first I felt like the price for the game was a bit of a stretch, but at the end it was totally worth it. Highly recommended"
,Recommended,501300,32740227,Posted: 24 June,all,Breezus93,"Liked the gameplay. Narration was amazing , easy game but kept my attention the entire time . Would of liked it to last longer ( finished game in under 2 hours) . Worth the $15 . Told my sister to get will tell others"
,Recommended,501300,32958269,Posted: 28 June,all,ComputerMan,"Very well done, short story based experience."
76561197998553896,Recommended,501300,32967389,Posted: 28 June,all,Lady Dragonia,"This game is an interactive mystery story surrounding one unfortunate family. As soon as I started playing I was hooked, and enjoyed every minute of it. What a crazy ride! The mini-games were so well done and unique, I've never played a game like this before.Highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,501300,33014598,Posted: 29 June,all,isaacbee,"A beautiful and touching series of interactive short stories about the tragic deaths of the various members of an apparently cursed family, seen through the eyes of the last surviving member of said family. Utilizes some really neat control scheme gimmicks, some well-done environmental storytelling, and some really clever level design that guides you from story to story without you ever realizing just how linear it was until it's all over."
,Recommended,501300,33013849,Posted: 29 June,all,Electric_Foxx,This game is a masterpiece and very unique. I love the way it portrays it's multiple story's. Only done down side is that the controls are not very sensitive and there's only about 2 hours of gameplay with no replay value. Still one of my favourites
76561198125451095,Recommended,501300,33012174,Posted: 29 June,all,calebnharris,Game had a super great story that you can't set down. Best played in one sitting but it is short and well worth the cash.
,Recommended,501300,31776199,Posted: 15 May,all,Dr. Peppermill,"Great game ! Somehow it reminds me The Vanishing of Ethan Carter but it's shorter, lighter and written with more imagination.  Each story is unique on its own, some are funny, others are sad, but at the end I can say I enjoyed the experience."
76561198056704647,Recommended,501300,31779593,Posted: 15 May,all,bloodbit,I never post reviews for video games but I must say this one is truly a work of art. My only complaint was I wished it was longer :'(
,Recommended,501300,31777465,Posted: 15 May,all,Akumu,"This game is awesome. The gameplay is really simple as it is a walking simulator,almostno puzzles to solve, you just have to interact with some items,doors and locks, and that's all, but the story man, the story is really touching and hit right in the feels.The art is fantastic, it's gorgeous, it's unique and as you are playing it's changing. They are using different art styles and if you buy this game you are gonna find where and why.I will give this game a9 out of 10because the onlynegative thingI can really say, it's that it's really short. I was searching each aray for more things and it got me around 3 hours."
76561198077235275,Recommended,501300,31775512,Posted: 15 May,all,Mimsl,This is by far the best story telling game I've ever played! Love it.
,Recommended,501300,31776747,Posted: 15 May,all,Mother of Mercy,good game worth a play
,Recommended,501300,31780777,Posted: 15 May,all,SuperYam,"I'm finding more and more often I need a break from the high pace of the games I normally play. This game offered a welcome change of pace, and led me through a story that I thoroughly enjoyed. Worth the purchase if you believe in spending $20 for a (approximately) 2 hour, first person interactive movie. Didn't have the lasting emotional effect that some games have left me with, but I was still thinking about it hours after I finished it, which should at least count for something. Some replay value, but as with most story-based games I find it hard to come back to after you know the ending. Overall a solid 8.5/10."
,Recommended,501300,31793161,Posted: 16 May,all,Konata Izumi,just do it
,Recommended,501300,31830027,Posted: 18 May,all,ContactLight,If Lemony Snicket and Tim Burton were to make a game with the developers of Gone Home this would be that game. It is short and interesting and definitely worth the time and money.
76561198026153231,Recommended,501300,31830517,Posted: 18 May,all,Commander Artanis,A very moving little game. I really don`t want to spoil anything because that would probably ruin the game for you. This is an experience everyone should discover for themselves. So I`m just gonna say it`s a little overpriced but still worth the money and it`s absolutly worth playing. And no the overpriced worth the money relation is not a paradoxon.
,Recommended,501300,31891778,Posted: 21 May,all,Jheronimus,"Great writing, beautiful art style and an immersive story. Great walking simulator in the mold of Firewatch and Gone Home. You don't play it for the action, but just sit back and enjoy the tragic family history of the Finches.8/10"
76561198086101495,Recommended,501300,31891480,Posted: 21 May,all,_zan666,"Beautiful game with great vocal tracks.  Feel it maybe slightly overpriced given the very short gameplay it offers.  I finished with 100% achievements in less than 2.5hours.   Overall, really enjoyed playing it."
,Recommended,501300,32042442,Posted: 29 May,all,Sir Jordan,"The best 'walking sim' game i have played. Very good voice, writing, sounds and visuals. If you like games such as 'firewatch' or 'gone home' then i would highly recommend."
76561197987127529,Recommended,501300,32043911,Posted: 29 May,all,saphiredragon29,"The game can be completed pretty quickly, but it's a nice looking story of a really unfortunate family.  It was a fun play through, not much really in terms of replay value probably.  Great storytelling though."
76561198310405249,Recommended,501300,32011769,Posted: 27 May,all,DoneDabloon,"This game is awsome, really good job. I like that it doesn't start too slow or to fast its perfect. Also the voice acting and graphics is insane I really liked it. Its dramatic and the ending made me cry, litraly! I really hope people will olay this cause its fantastic."
76561197969379991,Recommended,501300,32025523,Posted: 28 May,all,Grandmaster of Pwn,very creative and great ideas
76561198039315631,Recommended,501300,32022568,Posted: 28 May,all,bryn55smith,I get to play these games if my Grandchildren don't beat me to it I had to standby and watch one off the little angels start and finnish the game before I'd done my housework ;-) bless him so now I get to play it in revision mode BUT it's still a damned goog game
76561198109581641,Recommended,501300,32059434,Posted: 30 May,all,RapidRabit,"The story telling is combined very well with the game play, the graphics is elegent and subtle."
,Recommended,501300,32063226,Posted: 30 May,all,oob,"beautiful story, highly worth it despite its short length"
76561198287337611,Recommended,501300,32039411,Posted: 29 May,all,retingo,"Actually I can see myself through this game... I had great imagination when I was a kid, however, I lost it.I love Lewis's story... and I appreciate the imagination he has,though it's mournful that he lost himeself in his fictious world.BUT, don't be too sad, as he has become the king of his world.There's many eerie stories in this game.. and they are intriguing...For the first time to play this game, I totally got attracted.. the feeling was like 'watching a fantastic movie'..For the second time... I found some interesting things... there are lots of tiny details waiting to be explored!Anyway,10/10 !!!!!"
76561198068896825,Recommended,501300,32059319,Posted: 30 May,all,Inner,"An extremely well done story, pretty short, but I recommend it nonetheless."
76561198196170026,Recommended,501300,32007783,Posted: 27 May,all,KingNothing,"The story is really good, i sat down and played it all. I bought it full price and it ewas pretty short but I think it was worth it. If you're into story games and just want to sit down and relax I think you'd like this game."
,Recommended,501300,32005676,Posted: 27 May,all,A,"I beat this game in less than 2 hours as you can see my total playtime. However it's a nice little story but doesn't exactly have a good resolution to that story. None the less i do have to recommend the game for those that like games that tell a tale. While detail did go into this game, i wouldn't recommend a $20 price point as much as a -$15 considering it's short length.Nice game all around though."
76561198016134870,Recommended,501300,32006860,Posted: 27 May,all,Yoh1612,Best walking simulator i ever played. This game shouldnt even be called game it is a masterpiece.
76561197971660098,Recommended,501300,32004504,Posted: 27 May,all,martenguerra,"First: It's gorgeous to look at. The art and design is incredibly detailed and lovingly done.Second: Voice actors are top notch. All of them.Third: Some have complained about limited interactivity, but have failed to mention the variety of gameplay. Seriously! There is a different approach to every story, from the very simple (Milton's flipbook, which was also short, but oh so very effective) to the more complex Lewis daydreaming tale.Fourth: Consistent tone, even when the stories are all told in different art styles.Fifth: Yes, it is short (two hours on my first run) but it's long enough to feel like the best time at the movies (onlyy better since you're part of it) and cheaper too.Sixth: (or first complaint) While it all feels like a ""true"" family history, and the house feels like a lived in place, and a fantastic one at that, I found myself a little lost at the mention of a conecting deux ex machina. Still, it did not diminished the overall effect of the tale.Seventh: (or second complaint) ... Oh wait, thats it.Buy it, live it, love it."
76561198026930354,Recommended,501300,31930055,Posted: 23 May,all,redsmurf,"Well it's an on the rails click through, no puzzles but it looks so good you should definately play it. Odd storylines too."
76561198025072968,Recommended,501300,31960957,Posted: 25 May,all,baduncadonk,Extremely well-done and compelling walkthrough game.  Enjoyed even more than Firewatch.
,Recommended,501300,32586792,Posted: 20 June,all,Helpls,Great game overall. i would give it a 10/10.Pros:-Great soundtrack-Deep story-Unique gameplayCons:-Short story (For me)
,Recommended,501300,32111853,Posted: 1 June,all,Jesus Christ!,"You got to go when you have to go.Cause this is life,Wonderful but terrible."
,Recommended,501300,32119495,Posted: 1 June,all,OMGCatTreatz,"Short (1.5-2 hour playtime), but highly enjoyable walking simulator.  Experience first hand the tragedies that befell your relatives as you explore your childhood home."
,Recommended,501300,32071170,Posted: 30 May,all,Jephosito,"Very short, no challenge, but one of my favorite games of the last year. Highly recommend to anyone who enjoy's good storytelling and a creepy but charming atmosphere."
76561198289648991,Recommended,501300,32079048,Posted: 30 May,all,syt21,"I played one of the Finch's story at PAX South and was hooked.  I watned to know about about all of the family's stories and the house itself.  Each room is unique to each character.  I enjoyed the different ways you get to experience them and how attached you get to each character.  I would also recommend experiencing ""Edith Finch"" with headphones."
76561198379462707,Recommended,501300,32078523,Posted: 30 May,all,jeephead1969,It's so good i'm playing it slowly to savor every bit! Great story
,Recommended,501300,32074098,Posted: 30 May,all,Arestriel,"Just Amazing, You have to play it, player or not."
,Recommended,501300,32149764,Posted: 3 June,all,Seeknoise,"An absolute masterpiece in storytelling. I was transfixed by Edith's and her family's story from start to finish, and the way in which each family member's story is presented is beautiful. You can immediately tell that a lot of love, effort and creative talent went into the development of this game.It took me about 2-3 hours to complete, and there's some replay value afterwards (there are a few gameplay-related achievements to unlock, but I found myself just wanting to replay a few of the stories because they're so brilliantly narrated and presented). The real value of this game is in the overall execution and experience, though. Its story will stick in my memory for a long time."
76561198009902904,Recommended,501300,32271150,Posted: 8 June,all,Tvinn,"An epic, captivating story. Even the smallest details in this game were amazing. Definitely worth it.I played it through in just under 3h, and that was with quite a lot of wandering around looking at stuff, meaning it can probably be done in about two hours. That is not the point though, try to enjoy the attention to detail in this beatuiful storygame. 10/10"
76561197974018133,Recommended,501300,32301467,Posted: 9 June,all,Ice Boston,"Excellent  game!! After playing many many hours of gunplay based FPS's, It's a pleasure to play something that is gentle, very creative and visually pleasing with a intricate and intriguing storyline. Really thoughtfully done! I highly recommend it."
76561198117667142,Recommended,501300,32370766,Posted: 12 June,all,R4DIO4CT1VE,"slow paced game that follows along with narration, similar to FireWatch.  It is rather short and simple, but very enjoyable with creative intereaction and animations."
,Recommended,501300,32401707,Posted: 13 June,all,ARCHER,"This game is such a masterpiece! I literally don't know how to write this review. The way the story been told is perfect and i feel like i'm the one from finch family, trying to figure out what happened to them. It brings laugh and tear. The emotion is really strong in the END and i admitted i cried, i can't handle this... it just......WHAT A GAME!!!"
76561198033489159,Recommended,501300,32399772,Posted: 13 June,all,dohh,"I cannot say enough positive things about this game. Rich soundtrack, heart-wrenching storyline, some of the most brilliantly-crafted interactive story elements in a game I've ever seen, beautiful graphics and richly-textured indoor/outdoor environments. My goodness: I'd say this might be the best indie adventure game I've played in years.Best $20 bucks I've spent in a while. Just...fantastic. Buy it. Play it."
,Recommended,501300,32400448,Posted: 13 June,all,Lt Dan,Fantismo!
76561198095144000,Recommended,501300,32398052,Posted: 13 June,all,jcarey_tecc,The quality and creativity in this game are astounding.
76561198274703382,Recommended,501300,32382887,Posted: 13 June,all,winchesterpizza,"I never write game reviews, but I just have to for this game. Everything in this game is so dynamic. Gamplay is unique and fun. Art is beautiful and interesting. Sountrack is perfect. And the absolute best part is the story. You play the role of Edith Finch, the last surviving member of the cursed Finch family. You discover the rediculously imaginative history of your family that's been hidden from you all your life. Each story has diferent gamplay, artstyle, soundtrack, and medium. All in all one of the best games I've ever played."
76561198330692788,Recommended,501300,32307411,Posted: 9 June,all,WinterWolf824,"This game seems absolutely stunning, and I have enjoyed playing it so far. My one problem is when I got to Walter's story. I keep getting stuck, and not able to progress with the story, or even the game at that matter. I hope someone will be able to help me, becuase I don't want to have spent $20 only to get a third of the game done.(P.S., I have redownloaded the game twice, and yet the same problem continues to occur.)"
,Recommended,501300,32344432,Posted: 11 June,all,Ole,"A brilliant experience, and we need more like it."
76561198032489775,Recommended,501300,32344710,Posted: 11 June,all,sbekker,"Hello, I hope someone can help me. I can not continue playing the game because it gets stuck in the same place every time, I deleted it and installed it a few times and it did not help, the game is saved in the same place even after the deletion, I do not know how to continue and what to do, the game is very interesting and I want to continue it."
,Recommended,501300,32799502,Posted: 25 June,all,Ryan Goosling,A diamond in the rough. 8/8
,Recommended,501300,32798335,Posted: 25 June,all,BazBake,"A story about the legacy of stories we tell each other to cope with loss. I was left feeling a little raw and vulnerable at the end, but in an exceptionally good way. The interaction is sparing but creative, much closer to the walking simulator side of the adventure genre, although you can approach exploration in different orders.10/10."
76561198049844584,Recommended,501300,32754848,Posted: 24 June,all,zzap2011,"I have a bunch of games on steam and have never reviewed one and this will be the first.  This game isn't filled with action, but is just a very interesting story told in a unique way.  The visuals are great, the narrators do a great job of telling the story, and the music goes perfectly with the game.  This is an amazing game."
76561198043018670,Recommended,501300,32750268,Posted: 24 June,all,StarMorning,"I haven't played too many of these types of games but I would definitely point any friends interested in the genre to this one. The music was pleasant to listen to, the visuals were very pretty and quite relaxing. I enjoyed the way each person's story was presented in a unique fashion every time.For my tokophobic brethren out there, you may want to cover your eyes at the ending. I had to hold down the W key and look away. Aside from that great game."
,Recommended,501300,33346668,Posted: 7 July,all,Saninsince992,This game is an experience that captures feelings of uncertainty and melancholy in an attempt to illustrate both the fragility and wonder of life and death. A beautiful story-driven experience. Very short at only around 2 hours length - but doesn't waste a lot of time and is insanely creative in its presentation. Varies its scenes up a lot. By the end it might just manage to make you shed a tear and question your own life in the process.
,Recommended,501300,33291845,Posted: 5 July,all,PewPew@rAge,"What Remains or Edith Finch is an outstanding game with an amazing art style and a deep story, i would recommend this game to aanyone who loves a good story with amazing visuals"
76561198035699283,Recommended,501300,33287676,Posted: 5 July,all,RanJoe,Brillant story and gameplay. Couldn't say much about how great it was. You have to buy and try it yourself : )
,Recommended,501300,33253743,Posted: 4 July,all,Dick Cheney's Dick Cheese,"If you don't play this game, you're missing out on an amazing experience. The story is fantastic and beautifully told. The game employs mechanics so creatively that I found myself smiling at the sheer charm of it. It's been a while since I've played a game this engrossing from the very beginning. I highly recommend it."
76561198067387196,Recommended,501300,33296264,Posted: 5 July,all,lcystratton,"Such an intriguing, heartbreaking story! I loved how the game changes up its controls to match each family vignette. It keeps the gameplay fresh, and it connects to the actions you the player are doing to the theme of the vignette. The best (and also most brutal) example of this is Lewis' story.The downside is that a few of those changing controls are frustrating. I'm specifically thinking of the can opener scene in Walter's story.For completionists, the story is pretty linear, and I'd say the chances of you skipping over sections is small. However, I did almost finish the game without completing Milton's vignette. If missing a vital piece of story bother you (as it does me), do your best to pay attention to details so you don't miss anything."
76561198089311810,Recommended,501300,33293426,Posted: 5 July,all,squad up360,loved it one of best games i ever played go get this game
,Recommended,501300,33264658,Posted: 5 July,all,Zeekerss,"I've never seen a game which can be constantly so heavy and dark, while somehow being so full of child-like awe and surrealism at the same time. This game did it SO well.And on top of having an amazing story, this game did certain things with the medium of videogames that no other medium can do, so it is far from being a ""walking simulator"" in my eyes. It also has an awesome soundtrack and it looks beautiful.(It is 2-3 hours long, which is pretty good. And it felt a lot longer then that to me when i played it.)"
76561198025805208,Recommended,501300,33411300,Posted: 9 July,all,Biffy,"I love story games...or stories that are told through games. I absolutely loved this game. I had an overwhelmingly positive experience with everything about this game. Every dynamic was explored and the narroration was beautiful. The story was extremely easy to follow and relate to. The game hid nothing from you even at the very beginning. I reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys a story. The only issue that I had with this game is when I downloaded it and tried to launch it..it gave an error that said something like ""winsavepos::"" something like that. I couldnt fix it but i read somewhere that you can update steam or completely delete steam and re install it and it will work. So i deleted steam and it worked perfectly afterwords. ::CAUTION:: IF YOU DELETE STEAM BACKUP ALL GAME FILES THAT YOU WISH TO SAVE OR THEY WILL ALL BE DELETED!!Thank you for making this game. I loved it.."
,Recommended,501300,33372600,Posted: 8 July,all,HuNNk,Great experience .Must have
,Recommended,501300,33391657,Posted: 8 July,all,noname,Thank you for Masterpiece Story.
,Recommended,501300,33397624,Posted: 9 July,all,Snivets,"Unbelievably good storytelling in the vein of Gone Home, Dear Esther, or Everybody's Gone To The Rapture -- except more sensitive and intriguing and somewhat surreal than those games. Perhaps the closest parallel here is The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, with a gorgeously realized setting of Washington islands -- if you've visited out there, you'll feel almost immediately at home here.Some of the specific scenes in this game are utterly stunning in both presentation and style. No spoilers here, but the scenes really added up to an emotionally-moving game to me and I cried at the end, which took me completely by surprise!"
,Recommended,501300,33395828,Posted: 8 July,all,acoto87,"If you want to spend a couple of hours with a good story, play this game."
76561198035138386,Recommended,501300,33417311,Posted: 9 July,all,BasicB1atch,Beautiful story!
,Recommended,501300,33413780,Posted: 9 July,all,e| Conquistador,"Short, unique experience and a story that will move you emotionally."
,Recommended,501300,33419021,Posted: 9 July,all,Prometheus,"A surreal, somber experience; a reminder that games are a unique form of storytelling that can't be found elsewhere. For those wondering if this 3-4 hour game is worth the price of admission, I wondered the same thing. I don't wonder any longer. The themes of this game stuck with me for days afterward. It's worth every penny."
76561198025507862,Recommended,501300,33403783,Posted: 9 July,all,ziichu,"words can't describe this game , you need to play it for sure"
76561198029064879,Recommended,501300,33430934,Posted: 10 July,all,SonBaris,"This game has a very beautiful story. A little short but, very beautiful.. Every Character is a unique. Different mechanics combined with each other. The only feeling when you play the game is ""exploration"" .. I completed the game about 3 hours. but that was the best damn 3 hours.."
,Recommended,501300,33389853,Posted: 8 July,all,"Nito, First of the Dank","Despite the 20 dollar price tag and the fact that the game is only about two hours long I still highly recommend this game. It's one of the best and most-well written stories I've ever experienced. This is a game I'll probably be replaying once every couple of years to see how my perspective of its narrative shifts over time. Definitely pick this one up if you like story-driven, interactive experiences."
76561198143889207,Recommended,501300,33391781,Posted: 8 July,all,zLastSaint,"Amazing story, 10/10"
76561198021238137,Recommended,501300,31496215,Posted: 1 May,all,Kaldrick,"The game... It's a journey, and it's an experience. Emotional, at that. It's incredibly engaging, and amazingly moving. A pinnacle in walking simulator genre; it leaves you wanting for more, and satisfied at the same time. Simply and stunningly beautiful."
,Recommended,501300,31496485,Posted: 1 May,all,Coreplant,"It doesn't take a combat system to make a good game. You can have a good game with an excellent combat system, but that's not what this game is.This game, is a story.I know not all like this kind of game, walking, listening, and finding out what has happened. But if you're curious, do give this game a try. It's incredibly well voice-acted, very interactive, and simply beautiful in both how it plays out and in how it looks. You just may need a hug afterwards."
,Recommended,501300,31495528,Posted: 1 May,all,Gilles,A very interesting experience that tells the story well through the use of simple narative tricks and exploration. Don't expect a puzzle game but more a heavily directed walking-simulator that will leave you amazed and pleasantly surprised at moments. There are some very visually stunning moments in the game and the story will stick with you. I can recommend this game even with the short playthrough time.
76561197980003578,Recommended,501300,31498786,Posted: 1 May,all,Chewingum,"I don't write many of these. I think some people may be disuaded from the game being portrayed as a ""walking sim"" . . . to that end, I'd say maybe that name has a bad reputation because it's never been executed quite this well. This game is stunning and personal. I had a few performance issues right at the beginning, but they cleared up as soon as the draw distance wasn't a factor. (running a 970) . . . this is a great experience. There's a lot of heart and care that's been poured into this game."
76561198168199358,Recommended,501300,31499342,Posted: 1 May,all,Larryccci,"Without researching this game....This was not what I was expetcting from any game.  An interactive story game?  While pulling maybe a little too much from quirky things we did as a kid or certain symbolism, it's really quite good!  The story, presentation and game design is excellent!  The creative team put their inner child's heart into it.  I was overjoyed at being able to do things in this game that no other game has allowed me to do.  I appreciate that very much."
,Recommended,501300,31502106,Posted: 2 May,all,Reaper,Cried like a little girl. Best story driven game Ive played in years.
76561198015987986,Recommended,501300,31502825,Posted: 2 May,all,bl4h,Outstanding game.  I loved the story line walk through and the way you interact with it.  Really Really enjoyed this.
,Recommended,501300,32209140,Posted: 5 June,all,Power,"Very good game, 2h30 to finish but worth it."
76561198260853620,Recommended,501300,32227091,Posted: 6 June,all,Sunfleck Software,Really enjoyed this game. Very imaginative.
76561198045292791,Recommended,501300,32232218,Posted: 6 June,all,MartyLad,Fantastic
,Recommended,501300,32258246,Posted: 7 June,all,Marlboro_ManTX,"Short game (less than 3 hours), but it has a great story.  Good to pick up when on sale for cheap."
,Recommended,501300,32850895,Posted: 27 June,all,magicwind0w,"This is no ordinary walking simulator. This is a work of art. A beautiful game, amazing writing, music, atmosphere, and incredibly creative in it's presentation of each character's narrative. This is next level storytelling."
76561198122658447,Recommended,501300,32852417,Posted: 27 June,all,Kalven,"Looks great, and Edith has a great voice. Lots to look at and take in. Awesome story, just wish some of the stories had a bit more to them. Love the game regardles, and will be doing a second play through for sure."
,Recommended,501300,32826609,Posted: 26 June,all,TheEvilGaming,its a short but realy fun game and story
76561197996497725,Recommended,501300,32826557,Posted: 26 June,all,BajungaDustin,"This game... Is not a game... its ART.I was a little torn between getting this game orLittle Nightmaresand i am glad i went with this game.Let me first tell you that if you are like me and you feel like the trailer looks weird.. like a bunch of mini games that you feel like you might not enjoy.. its not. You honestly have to play it to figure out why things are so wierd in the trailer and honestly the trailer could have been better and doesnt do the game justice. Also.. this game is more of a beautiful story that you explore your way through and you feel like you are creating the story. Its amazing.PROS:INSANE POLISH- this game has honestly the best polish i have ever seen on any game ever.. period.Unique Experience- you arent going to find a lot of games like this the go through so many different gameplay techniques back to back. At one point you are an owl flying around chasing down food from the skies and later you are a monster slithering around. And it all makes sense.. but you have to play to find out why.Intuitive- the only form of display in this entire game is little lights on obects that you can interact with around the house. There is absolutely no tutorial for the entire game but the conveyance is great and doesnt throw you into anything that you are not ready for. You will even end up controlling 2 completely different game styles at the same time with both controller sticks which feels kind of empowering lol. Everything just feels super natural.Very neat developmentThe house.. is amazing. The different directions you end up going to progress the story have you looking around the house for quite a while at things that you will start to realize you dont really even need to look at. but here you are.. snooping through their house because its jsut so well laid out it feels like a real house.CONS:let me start this section by saying none of these cons are a reason not to buy. they are just things i noticed that i felt i would have liked to see a little differently.Linear as hellThis kinda feels somewhat like that gameLayers of Fearin the aspect that you cant die and you cant go anywhere but where the game wants you to go. I would have LOVED if they made it similar to a game calledMystwhere you know there are secrets to uncover and you have to look around in an ""open house/open world"" type of environment and removed the light hints from the game. This would have taken the same game with the same amount of content and made it take 10 times as long but at the same time would have felt more rewarding when you ""found the next story""Short for the price... but still worth the moneyI got this on steam sale and it literally took me 2 hours to complete the entire game. for full price for the amount of time played i feel like its a little overpriced.. but it does make up for that price difference in the overal experience of the game itself.Conclusioni give this game a solid 9.5 out of 10 and i dont just go throwing 10/10s around either. i think the only game i ever gave higher than a 9 wasOri and the Blind ForestIf you get this game you will laugh.. you might cry.. and you will see some disturbing things that all mesh together into one beautiful story."
,Recommended,501300,32830200,Posted: 26 June,all,м,An incredible and tragic piece of magical-realism storytelling.
76561198166861019,Recommended,501300,32832971,Posted: 26 June,all,CC_Griffin,"A rather sad and touching story about an extremely misfortunate family.  Limited gameplay, but is worth it for the story alone, especially if you find it on sale.  The cannery level is something truely special."
,Recommended,501300,32833056,Posted: 26 June,all,PC Gamer Girl,"This game swept me right off my feet and made me glad to be a gamer that loves atmospheric stories. Edith Finch is a beautiful, inspiring, and absolute treasure trove of things to see and discover. That is my favorite kind of game - a story that will suck you in and keep you invested. The game's puzzles didn't distract from the story line (and in fact were often integrated into it), which I appreciated immensely. The voice acting was fantastic, and I just could not get enough of this family's history. I very nearly cried at the end - for several reasons!If you'd like to see some gameplay footage, feel free to check out my Lets Play (Part 1) of the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAW6Q4pGNNI"
76561198062544494,Recommended,501300,32833790,Posted: 26 June,all,sowhatsupeirik,"Wow. I cried. Seriously. I'm Norwegian, so I liked it even more. I also talked to my mom right after the credits. Just go ahead and buy it now. Do it."
,Recommended,501300,32835390,Posted: 26 June,all,bLiND,"One of those games that emphasizes the potential of interactive storytelling. If you liked Gone Home, Firewatch & Dear Esther, this one fits right in and surprises with tons of great ideas & a lot of love for details."
76561198061478179,Recommended,501300,32837892,Posted: 26 June,all,eidheann,"The game was gorgeous. I'd not played a walking simulator before, so a couple of times I found myself stuck poking controls to activate or deactivate things (Odin, for example, I had a lot of problems with) but those are personal and very minor quibbles to an otherwise flawless game."
,Recommended,501300,32825380,Posted: 26 June,all,UnDeadBearVictim #1,"When I first launched the game, only a few minutes into it, I always felt like something was just around the corner waiting to jump out at me. But nothing ever did. The game makes you feel as Edith feels I think, and eventually the erieness fades. I recommend this game to anyone who likes stories. There isn't much gameplay, but there is an amazing story and it would be well worth the price of any standard book."
76561198246635172,Recommended,501300,32788423,Posted: 25 June,all,Wonkertonk,Story telling at its absolute finest. A glowing example of why this medium is above all others.
,Recommended,501300,32803423,Posted: 25 June,all,peterobbin,"What compelling story! It was the best storytelling that I'd experienced in years! I was so touched and moved even I knew this was just a fiction. Highly recommended, it is well worth it!"
76561198076166829,Recommended,501300,32792128,Posted: 25 June,all,Cassiopeian,"I picked up this game after hearing so many people recommending it.I can describe it as:beautifully depressing-Very well written story and Narrated.-captivating!-excellent work on the graphics departement as well.As for the cons I am not entirely sure If that can be considered the duraion of the game , but for me it is better to keep it to the the point rich consistant story and not stretchng it for the sake of the gameplay time.Thank you to the developers!waiting for the next  story"
,Recommended,501300,32789852,Posted: 25 June,all,Silent Otto,"Well apparently this is one of the games of 2017 and as it garnered such critical acclaim I thought I would give it a shot.  Its a very short game (2 hours), telling an interesting story using a variety of art styles and some very good music.  The game is more a series of vignettes as you pull together the Finch family tree, its more the next stage of the 'walking simulaor' though as it is very linear and there isn't really a fail state - if you like 'gone home' or 'dear estha' - this is another one of those art meets gaming moments.In my humble opinion - this is however a bit of a missed opportunity - there was ample scope for a deeper more entertaining gaming experience and a day after completing it I find it difficult to think of any stand out moments.  It looks pretty, it sounds sublime and it gets rave reviews - but it isnt really a game in my opinion.  Its a beautiful story book that will pass a couple of hours of your life - but there is little replay value and once youve completed the game you'll probably uninstall it and not go back.  If it's on sale - give it a  shot, though I know these smaller developers need our support, I'd still find it hard to recommend at full price."
,Recommended,501300,32796264,Posted: 25 June,all,Megan Lianne,What a creatively immersive game. I love that the short stories all tell the main story. The interactive elements in the game combined with an emotional narrative really did it for me. I played from start to finish.
,Recommended,501300,32802910,Posted: 25 June,all,Le Jibs,"Great experience, interesting story with a lot of creative segments that really make you feel for the characters.However it is a bit short and there are a few little issues that break the immersion a bit. I wish it could've been more polished in some places and just a little more attention to detail in some regards. But it still is very interesting and exploring the different rooms plus the ""flashbacks"" make it absolutly worth while.Biggest problem is price, you can beat this game in or under 2 hours. So maybe wait for sale."
,Recommended,501300,32811463,Posted: 26 June,all,Neuman,"I have never played a walking simulator type game with as much charm as this. It still stays somewhat interactive as you get immersed in the story, and sets a much higher standard for the genre. It's roughly 2 hours long but was well worth it."
,Recommended,501300,32673613,Posted: 23 June,all,Creek Wolf,"This is a damn good game. It's short, but that's too it's favor. I don't think I could handle many more emotions."
,Recommended,501300,32668918,Posted: 23 June,all,Eridactyl,"It'll take about 2 hours of your time to go through this wonderfully written story, and it's well worth every penny. I know 2 hours seems short, but it's the perfect amount of time to follow the last Finch as she discovers her family's history. The music is perfectly crafted for the story, and it contains one of my favourite mini games Ive ever seen in a game. It's a must-play, and I highly suggest hugging your mother afterwards. And also your grandma, and your brothers and sisters, and basically just everyone you know."
76561198063669309,Recommended,501300,33471463,Posted: 11 July,all,Graced Galaxy,Play this beautiful game
,Recommended,501300,33493870,Posted: 12 July,all,Belucci,"I am very Pleased with: Graphics, performance, design, storytelling, caracters, length, price, replayability; Amongst other things.This story pulled me in and kept me interested all the way to the end.I would recomend this game to anybody that wants to relax and enjoy a simple, but very well told story."
76561198152916811,Recommended,501300,33326041,Posted: 6 July,all,Boeing A380,"Finished game in 2.5 hrs. It is a short one. But nice sotry telling one, very amusing and simplistic game"
76561197971972114,Recommended,501300,33328086,Posted: 6 July,all,Poached Pagan,A bit buggy at times but I  liked the story telling.I really enjoyed this and can highly recomend it
,Recommended,501300,33462582,Posted: 11 July,all,Ned,"This game is a gem. I don't care if it's too short, the experience I had while playing it was exceptional and now I want to play more games like it. The narrative and storytelling is on a different level, you will find yourself immersed into the game right from the beginning and won't stop until you see the credits screen. The way it tells you its story is unlike anything I've witnessed in games before.Annapurna Interactive, please create more games like this. I recommend this game to everyone, even if you are not into ""walking sims"" or narrative-heavy games."
,Recommended,501300,33579345,Posted: 16 July,all,SR1 Dan,"I came in to this game knowing full well that it would be a pretty short but moving game, however I was very surprised to find an incredibly heartfelt story, presented in such unique and thought provoking ways. The world you explore was so rich and detailed, I just wanted to explore it forever, it was all so well thought and personal. Gameplay is simply but still engaging, you dont get mired down in controls, you just experience it.If it is on your wishlist, bump it up, this game is worth every penny and second spent"
,Recommended,501300,33583006,Posted: 16 July,all,Manatierchen,"This is one of the most beautiful games I've ever played, both in terms of atmosphere and story. I wish it was longer, but only because I would love to find out much more about the Finch family. It is a walking simulator, but not like any other I've played so far - the story is something completely new (at least to me), and so immersive, you really get to be a part of it. Also, it keeps you thinking even after you finished playing. I bought it while it was on sale, but had I known how great it is, I would have payed full price as well."
,Recommended,501300,33585740,Posted: 16 July,all,ptrmsn,"I enjoyed What Remains of Edith Finch – the price tag feels alittlehigh for the length of the game although there’s a second play-through in it and it’s pretty clear that a lot of work went into it.I hadn’t read any reviews prior to purchase but had heard lots of positive things about it. It’s much more of an interactive story (Gone Home, That Dragon Cancer…) than a game.The good bits+ Calvin’s story – Riding a swing in a video game was much more fun than I expected.+ Barbara’s story – I really enjoyed the way that this was delivered in a comic-book style.+ Walter’s story – The ageing in Walter’s hands is a really nice touch.+ Sam’s story – I enjoyed this and wish that there had been the opportunity to explore Sam’s earlier life in this way.+ Lewis’ story – This was a real highlight of the game for me and again, wish that a little more had been made of it.The not so good bits- Molly’s story – This felt a little janky and awkward to control – and it just went on a bit.- Gregory’s story – Again, felt a little janky to control and was a bit of a drag.- This game couldreallyuse a fast walk option in places. Sometimes, moving around is frustratingly slow."
,Recommended,501300,33592191,Posted: 16 July,all,Tustin,Just play it
76561197995475309,Recommended,501300,33600969,Posted: 16 July,all,Dango Dango Dango,"This game feels very similiar to Gone Home, since you again explore a house and learn about its Family. Its storytelling is much more direct and it has less of an ""detective"" vibe, because you have a lot less interactive objects to search for and examine. Instead it offers little interludes to characterize the inhabitants. These give a nice break from walking around the house and are mechanic and narrative wise very cleverly designed.The house itself looks stunning and is filled with details. I had several moments where I just stopped playing for a bit and appreciated its beauty.This game is on the shorter side with my playthrough lasting a bit over 4 hours. However these 4 hours were among the best I ever had the pleasure of playing.If you have any love for narrative-driven games and value a game primarily for its quality and not length, this is a must buy."
76561197998627603,Recommended,501300,33573004,Posted: 15 July,all,Newsocks,"short, simple, fun, interesting, suprising"
76561198054026920,Recommended,501300,33639585,Posted: 18 July,all,Erovid,A beautiful game and a wonderful experience.
,Recommended,501300,33614860,Posted: 17 July,all,jwweedon,"This game threw my £1/ 1 hour of gameplay right out of whack and i don't care.I played this game for 2.5 hours and honestly I would buy it again. It was an incredibly rich story with a very clear narrative told in a variety of interesting ways and the plot will stay with you for days afterward.The narration was very special, as it felt like Edith was really feeling the weight of these stories rather than just retelling them and having the true POV (stomach and all)  made sure that you too felt the impact of her emotional responses.I can't wait to force others to play this game, it's an absolute work of art!"
76561198338938233,Recommended,501300,33618874,Posted: 17 July,all,kennethwessel,"i really liked this ""game"". it was more like a story, with easy mini games built in as the story unfolds. it was dark, with a family's many deaths unveiled, but had positive life lessons at the end.so i'd recommend it, but it's not for everyone. i'm glad i had the chance to play it and will remember the life lessons for sure."
,Recommended,501300,33619828,Posted: 17 July,all,Eldark,"Captivating and beautiful. Really a series of short powerful experiences, each with a distinct art and interaction style. Creative and experimental, yet quite refined and fluid. Extremely linear story, but you will attribute that to fate, rather than poor design. You will be touched by this story in a way that is deeper than any linear media can."
76561198025050738,Recommended,501300,31382087,Posted: 26 April,all,Silverspud,"Damn.  Cannot say I was ready for that.A 1st-person retelling of an entire family's series of tragic deaths taking place around a complex pop-up book of a house.A good dozen moments like this (MINOR SPOILERS, about 20 minutes in):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERowip967_0~2 hours long, worth the price of admission."
76561198015829823,Recommended,501300,31687236,Posted: 11 May,all,stuartmart76,"A well written story that has some very nice touches. Really atmospheric, I want to build a house just like it! It does a great job of pulling you into the story and making you think about the characters in it. But. £15 for less than 2 hours of gameplay? And I wasn't rushing though it... Just too short. It's worth a play through but certainly not at full price, wait until it goes on one of Steams many sales. I don't want to NOT recomend the game, it is beautifly made and I did enjoy however brief, just a bit of shame it didn't last very long.Recommended, when the price drops"
,Recommended,501300,31724360,Posted: 13 May,all,Feenix,"Ein unglaublich tolles Indiespiel, welches durch sein tolles Leveldesign punktet!"
76561198121493139,Recommended,501300,31716249,Posted: 12 May,all,gentileutente,"very nice game, no challenge, just a story to follow along. It is very short though, and I'm sorry to say, the best ideas and enjoyable parts are there in the first couple of situations.  I didn't like the change of mood, I was very happy with the first part... but anyway, indeed one of the best experiences I've had with gaming lately."
,Recommended,501300,31733646,Posted: 13 May,all,Edgy McSpoon,"What I enjoyed most aboutWhat Remains of Edith Finchis the fact it puts unique gameplay first and then finds an effective way to have narrative drive those concepts forward. Each of Edith's family members' story is a reflection of their imaginations, which are all wonderfully unique, but somewhat rely on simple poetic and repetitive gameplay experiences.Unfortunately since the narration is driving the gameplay, it removes any challenge. There was more than once in my play through where I felt cheated as I was being pushed along, rather than have a say in deciding a different outcome. Edith Finch separates itself from a game such asGone Home, in which the player experiences a story first and foremost, and I expected more control over the experiences than I was given. Despite enjoying these moments, it would have been more exciting to see different outcomes depending upon a pattern of single-diverging-merging paths of game design.I recommend this title for it's wonderful direction, creativity and liveliness to tell what is a rather somber tale. Fans of Gone Home definitely should check this one out."
,Recommended,501300,31739680,Posted: 13 May,all,Counter Felix,"A short but powerful game. If you enjoy story driven games with imagination, give What Remains of Edith a try. Truly a great experience."
76561198053573310,Recommended,501300,31744900,Posted: 14 May,all,julia_maluca,"Be careful about this game if you are sensitive in first person 3d game environments. I wish I could play this game, but after less than half an hour, I had to stop before getting nauseous. It's a shame, because the game really looks interesting."
76561197966702935,Recommended,501300,31757095,Posted: 14 May,all,Sperber,"Short but extremely intense. As far as story-telling atmospheric Walking Simulators go, this is one if not the best out there."
76561198079496382,Recommended,501300,31527381,Posted: 3 May,all,SupMatto |K|,"If you liked any of the following you'll like this:The Vanishing of Ethan CarterGone HomeFirewatchEverybody's Gone to the RaptureDear EstherThe Finch family has quite the interesting story and you, as the main character, Edith Finch, will uncover the stories of her family through the stories they have left behind. The Finch house is quite the spectacle and it was an absolute joy to explore. Just a side note you do not spend all of your time in the house so if you're concerned that you'll be bored of the house, you won't. The game has an emotional story and you will really feel for the characters. For those of you on the fence this is a walking simulator, so don't go in expecting otherwise. Certainly worth the pickup if you enjoy and good story that you can finish in about 3 hours."
76561198007271893,Recommended,501300,31531822,Posted: 3 May,all,Yellowjacket,"OK, this is really a tough one to review.  I can't even break it down into recommended / not recommended, but I have to pick one.The story is amazing and touching.  The music and art are spot-on and the stories touched even my cold, dead heart on more than one occasion.  That said, this isn't really a game.  It's an interactive series of video stories.  It is completely linear, and it is very, very, short.  I finished in less than 2.5 hours.The content here is amazing, but the value on a play time for dollar spent basis just isn't there.   I can't recommend paying the full asking price of $20.00 for it if you feel, like I do, that this should buy you a solid 30 hours of entertainment.  Even so, I wouldn't trade the memory of playing it for my money back.  If you can get it for $5-10, it's a no brainer.  Otherwise just be aware what you are buying - a really good series of interactive movie shorts."
76561198067267759,Recommended,501300,31530923,Posted: 3 May,all,victorcrane,A beautiful and thoroughly absorbing experience. Can't recommend it enough.
76561197970322658,Recommended,501300,31530383,Posted: 3 May,all,weasy,"5/5This is a beautiful game with a rich story, clever interactions and brilliant storytelling conventions. I'm fairly new to ""walkers"" with Firewatch being the only other one I've played. As a developer, I immediately noticed all the one-off controls and interactions that went into the game. This was a nice touch and made the experience that much more enjoyable. All that extra work comes at a cost and speaks to the team's dedication to deliver a fun and immersive experience. I am really enjoying it and highly recommend this one."
,Recommended,501300,31529350,Posted: 3 May,all,Krupted Peasant,"Well, what can be said that hasn't. I do wish action games and RPGs take some ideas from this game as far as controler to movement in the world etc. There it did a few inovative things IMHO. The story was great, the graphics top notch. It made me sad and nostalgic, it disturbed my girlfriend with the few bits she saw and I guess without the full narative some of it might be, but all together very charming, touching and sad."
,Recommended,501300,31537002,Posted: 4 May,all,Landsbytossen,"If you want a game which throws you completely off guard all the time. Then this is a title you should seriously give into. The Gameplay are a basic walking simulator with interactions which tells the story. It is just amazing how they make a compltely simple WASD and mouse setup respond in so many different ways (I did not try the controller option).the story is compelling and make you very earie about what is going to happen. Tt gets under your skin and makes youwonder what is going on and who is Edith Finch! even though the gamplay is simple it just match perfectly wit the way the story is told.Everything runs very smooth, even on older PCs. The graphics are great and with a colourscheme which a really well thought out in all the different scenes make this game a new favourite of mine. Just because atmosphere, story and gameplay are so compelling to eachother.Be aware if you do not like heavy story driven games, this titles might not be for you. The replayability are basicly nonexistant. I am quite sure I have missed some small stories, but the game last all in all 2-3 hours, so it's a small but very well done game."
,Recommended,501300,31574633,Posted: 5 May,all,Dysp,"A fantastically put together narrative full of imagination and splendor. A strange, and touching tale that is unrelatable, yet somehow intimately relatable.If you're the sort that would spend $20 on a blu-ray movie, then the price tag here is worth it. I'm a fan of this style of game and this was a pleasant purchase."
76561198089031078,Recommended,501300,31569712,Posted: 5 May,all,oddity,"I very much enjoyed this game, and although quite short it certainly had a lot of interesting stories to tell. The house you wander around is fantastic, and the voice acting is also very nicely done.Two small drawbacks of the game are its price and the fact it is a 'walking simulator' style game. If you don't want to spend 20 bucks on a 2-3 hour experience, or if you only enjoy games with have action, choices and other such things, I would avoid buying this game.If you don't mind shelling out the money and enjoy the story experience of this sort of game, however, it would be hard to find a better example of the genre than WRoEF."
76561197982553122,Recommended,501300,31577164,Posted: 6 May,all,R2mi2,A strong and powerful story lead by a wonderful narration... amazing work.
,Recommended,501300,31964398,Posted: 25 May,all,Sensual Lettuce,"One of the best games I have ever played, and very similar to Gone Home and Firewatch if you have played those. You are essentially reliving the final moments of Edith's doomed ancestors but the experience is incredibly immersive and well written. The game is linear but imaginative, awe-inspiring and beautiful. Highly recommended!"
76561197984761823,Recommended,501300,31976773,Posted: 26 May,all,FeanorsCurse,This is the best walking simulator I have played so far.
,Recommended,501300,31932139,Posted: 24 May,all,Serty,.
76561198306431207,Recommended,501300,33366094,Posted: 8 July,all,sergio.villanuevaalonso,"Keeping in mine this game it's an interactive story (or stories) you won't be disappointed.Masterful storytelling.I'd only wish the game to last longer (finished it in 2 hours) After a while you'll be begging for more an more stories.Nonetheless, even though the experience may seem short, t's worth every cent.Get your copy to know all about the Finches right now!"
,Recommended,501300,33377069,Posted: 8 July,all,The Black Sparrows,"This is the most inventive and surprising first person game I've ever played, and the most effective emotionally-based experience game I've ever played. Don't read anything about it. Don't even read the game description. Put two hours aside and smash this thing out. It's brilliant."
76561198073844823,Recommended,501300,33125774,Posted: 2 July,all,michaela,love this game :)
76561198001281907,Recommended,501300,33126880,Posted: 2 July,all,Grunky Peep,One of the most unique and amazing games I've played in a while. If you enjoyed The Vanishing of Ethan Carter or Gone Home. You'll love this.
,Recommended,501300,33127102,Posted: 2 July,all,Aetos,"A must buy for any walking sim fan. Sets a new bar in gameplay.  A beautifully crafted game. looks amazing, runs amazing."
76561198400002437,Recommended,501300,33127364,Posted: 2 July,all,Mondonor,"Beautiful setting, amazing storytelling, everything you would want from a game."
76561198325476902,Recommended,501300,31452879,Posted: 29 April,all,Martub6804,What a great experience. Make sure you don't have any distractions while you play and allow yourself to get lost in the story. Very pleased with my playthrough.
,Recommended,501300,31458303,Posted: 30 April,all,Bastwood,"Another narrative driven game experience that could be described as an amalgamation of Gone Home and The Vanishing of Ethan Carter: A collection of short stories tied together by a house that the player explores. What Remains of Edith Finch might actually be better than both of those games.It's clearly better than TVoEC, mainly because the stories here work better together and the overarching narrative ties everything together very nicely. As for Gone Home, well, I feel like the games are much closer to one another in quality. Edith Finch looks way better, but it's missing as fully fleshed out characters as Gone Home had -- something to be expected since the amount of characters in the game is much larger. Some of the stories are great, some a little less so, but the amount of effort and imagination poured to each story is impressive.Anyhow, What Remains of Edith Finch is clearly in the upper echelon of walking simulators; A game that shouldn't be missed if you enjoy the genre and have a couple of hours to spare."
,Recommended,501300,31428905,Posted: 28 April,all,DovahkiinGreybeard,"Wow, just wow. Most emotional video game I have played since Life is Strange. Truly excited to follow the producers in the future."
,Recommended,501300,31431413,Posted: 28 April,all,Primescore ✔,This game is worth every penny. Sooooooo goood.
,Recommended,501300,31468841,Posted: 30 April,all,Just James YouTube,"Enjoying this game thoroughly, completly different to anything i was expecting and leaves you with a dual sense of intrigue and also unease, great story telling and great graphics as well, may not be for everyone but i am enjoying it, I am also in the process of doing a full walkthrough of the game if anyone would like to watch rather than play.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSqYUkcXyQIlOOe_Bp0fIiAaK6dnuiEWy"
,Recommended,501300,31463023,Posted: 30 April,all,SHREK,very nice
76561198066110562,Recommended,501300,31468088,Posted: 30 April,all,mani.haider,"An incredible game and a strong showcase of how Indie games can be highly ambitious, fun and creative and why they must thrive to balance the safe and cookie-cutter nature of most mainstream games.The story is the star of the game and the dialogue, gamplay, environments and the house itself serve that story.. The narrative is satisfying is it is intimate and relies on small varied gameplay/story sections that all fill the bigger picture of the overall narrative.There are some very minor flaws about one or two unnecessary segments within the game but nothing that dampens the overall amazing experience. I would happily pay more for such story driven highly immersive interactive experiences which transcend gaming as a medium and show that how well games can be used as a vehicle to tell great memorable stories."
76561197981588360,Recommended,501300,31468265,Posted: 30 April,all,40GallonTophat,"tl;drAn interactive movie that you should get when it's on sale.  7/10Ps & Cs+ Beautiful graphics+ Well designed world+ Creative vignettes+ Fully voice acted by good actors- Not a ton for the player to do- Not much is interactive- Very short (2.5 hours)Nitty GrittyThis game is a walking simulator through a beautifully designed mansion.  You walk around discovering the fate of various members of your family.  Overall, there's not a whole hell of a lot to do, as you just follow a path, hallway, tunnel, etc to the next location and vignette.  As a $60 game, I would say don't bother.  As a $20 game, I can't be too hard on it.  That said, you should still get it on sale.  7/10"
76561198007822264,Recommended,501300,31466922,Posted: 30 April,all,Razputin,"Great game, totally unique approach to narrative"
76561197969390106,Recommended,501300,31466109,Posted: 30 April,all,Snarldog,"Lovely game with a different pace, meditative, touching, and sometimes very odd. Definitely a step forward and reasonably priced too. If you hated Going Home, as I did, and felt cheated by it, then don't worry -- this game definitely earns every dollar. Get it!"
76561197960834150,Recommended,501300,31472073,Posted: 30 April,all,Toypop,This is by far the best game I've ever played in this genre.It was emotionally draining and I felt choked at many points.Can't recommend this enough even at full price as it is the best game I've played since I completed SOMA on PS4. I can't see anything touching this one for my GOTY.
,Recommended,501300,31476443,Posted: 30 April,all,Fresco Jebus,"Absolutely loved it!Short for sure, but I was never bored.This is one of those ""walking simulators"" as people like to say, but I would actually disagree with that.There is no way to fail or die, but the game does have game mechanics outside of walk around and look at things.To say anything more about these mechanics would spoil some of the fun."
,Recommended,501300,31477532,Posted: 30 April,all,QueenOfPizza,"I'm very picky with walking simulator styled games, and have been searching for a bit now that I enjoyed - ""What Remains of Edith Finch"" was everything I look for in this style of game. I love the strong female lead + exploration style of games without having to worry about scariness or combat. If you're a fan of games like ""Gone Home"" or ""That Dragon, Cancer"", but a bit more interactive, I highly recommend WRoEF."
76561197962473519,Recommended,501300,31486545,Posted: 1 May,all,Caff,"It's so brilliant - it's just an absolute joy to play. It's a journey of discovery through a family home, with many beautiful and creative elements and such a strong narrative that you won't want to stop until you've heard the whole story.  Will no doubt be in my top 10 games of 2017."
76561198086314142,Recommended,501300,31482331,Posted: 1 May,all,MayhemMonkey,"So ... just finished.Threw me in a kind of emotional chaos.Not that type of guy normally.Don´t know what to write really but still wanna let you know, best spent 20 bucks in a long time.So now excuse me, gonna stare at the wall a little more."
76561198064167282,Recommended,501300,33620098,Posted: 17 July,all,Misaooo,Amazing game!
76561197991642777,Recommended,501300,33663353,Posted: 19 July,all,laird,"Beautiful, weird, captivating."
,Recommended,501300,33645380,Posted: 18 July,all,Samuentaga the Socialist Doggo,"What Remains of Edith Finch is 2 hours of fantastic content. An interactive first person experience more than a game in the traditional sense, it reminds me of the greats in the genre like The Beginner's Guide and the Stanley Parable, with perhaps a bit more polish and scale than those ones.Telling the story of a cursed family, you follow Edith Finch, the last surviving member of said family, as she explores her childhood home, and recounts the last moments of her extended family. This story is incredibly sombre and at times macabre, but the story is told with a sense of wit and humour that makes the game fun to play despite the subject material.The game is very linear and short, so if that's a dealbreaker for you, try another game. But in this genre, you are paying for a well told story that can be experienced in an afternoon, so if you're happy with that, by all means buy it, as it is worth every penny. But if you are on a tight budget, definitely wait until there is a sale.I hesitated at first when confronted with the $19.99 price tag, but I bought it on a whim and I do not regret it at all. I hope a lot more people get to experience this story."
,Recommended,501300,33649075,Posted: 19 July,all,NikoPring,"Definitely a high class game but not like any other I’ve played so far. What Remains of Edith Finch is a bittersweet fantasy about childhood and death that uses visuals, montage and interactivity in a coherent, thought provoking and self-contained way. As a walking simulator with only 2GB’s contains worth of 2 hours’ play time, it was found to be a little off the mark when turning to its length, but lets just say: Good things are good because they regularly do not last long. I can’t wait to spend more 2 hours(maybe more than 2 hours once) playing it. It’s just like a movie that you end up watching more than once due to how awesome it truely is—from a girl who trying to eat herself to a youth getting lost in his fantasy-land while doing monotonous work at a factory, you just can’t imagine what will it throws at you next. No more details of the stories, enjoy it if you will.9/10"
,Recommended,501300,33647569,Posted: 19 July,all,Twop3nny,Worth it just for that Lewis scene. What a stroke of genius.
,Recommended,501300,33665285,Posted: 19 July,all,Axo,"To make this review short and simple,I highly recommend this to anyone who is a fan of the more scenic over gameplay types of games.Edith Finch deviates itself from many other games to the same moniker. Each room of the house you traverse has it's own intricate story to it and a lot of detail onto the smaller things. With that being said, the game doesn't have that much gameplay to it. That isn't bad at all, but it may detract some people from purchasing it. If it weren't for the rather large price tag I would say that almost everyone should play this. What Remains of Edith Finch is a short story that get what it needs to be done and does it well. An experience that any fan of the (semi-endearing) genre known as ""Walking Simulators"" if you're willing to pay for it."
76561198384489711,Recommended,501300,33715684,Posted: 22 July,all,meghanbeetham,Such a beautiful relaxing game. Absolutely in love with the game!
76561198027564788,Recommended,501300,33711800,Posted: 21 July,all,petervanx,"OK, so.Short Version:  Buy the game.Long Version:OK, so i finished this game about a month ago and I figured it's time i get up off my butt and give something back to society.  Or something like that.  Supposedly it's good for my soul or karma or at least my butt.Pfft, whatever.  I'm digressing and I haven't even started yet!Anyway, I've been playing video games for a VERY long time.  I've never been much of a fan of ""action"" games (The Thief series being a HUGE exception) I've always been more of the adventure gaming type.  And in this genre i am continually amazed at how much better and better the actual writing for these games has gotten over the last, say, decade or so.  I mean, some of these games are better written than books my very popular authors.   Which is really fortunate for us gamers because, let's face it...  after some practice, most programmers/SW Engineers can figure out how to make really cool graphics and gameplay and all of that.  But it takes an actual WRITER to create a compelling story and figure out how to tell it withn this medium.  And that's what we remember when the game is over and the bells and whistles and the flash bangs are done...  we remember the story.My point is... Edith Finch is another great example of terrific graphics, sound design and gameplay wrapped around an intriguing and original STORY.   And the combination of all of these things works very well.  I will not give away too many details...  i think the way that the stories of each of the family members is told is wholly clever and original and, in fact, the manner and style of the way each of these stories is told actually closely matches the personality of each person.  See, this is what i mean - this is really smart writing.The ending was a little bit of a shocker, i'm not sure if it was meant to be a twist or if I'm just an idiot.  Which, apparently, as I've been told, has been known to happen... I don't see it, but, whatever - All opinions are welcome, this is a safe space, there is a lot of love in the room, and feel freeeeee to be yourself.Pfft, whatever.But yeah, the ending.   I actually went back and watched parts of the beginning again just to see if i really understood the ending.  I've done that many times with a movie, TV show, or a book.  But never, that I can recall, with a game.   See what I mean about the writing?Anyway, go buy the game and play it and love it already, would you?:)"
76561198031490095,Recommended,501300,33711334,Posted: 21 July,all,The Mountain Goat,"Very atmospheric, immersive. Great voice acting. Story-driven, minimal gameplay."
76561198055440967,Recommended,501300,33711033,Posted: 21 July,all,Ashnh,"A great example of how to incorporate mechanics and story in a story driven ""walking simulator."" Worth a look even if those kinds of games aren't your cup of tea."
76561198071541565,Recommended,501300,33743234,Posted: 23 July,all,bps,Great story
76561198103438308,Recommended,501300,33723270,Posted: 22 July,all,vicky_molokh,"In general, I consider walking simulators to be of no interest to me. This game is an awesome exception. It manages to present a unique atmosphere. The places where it adds (minimalistic) game mechanics manage to perfectly convey the moods surrounding the events.Overall, the game is about a mystery that leaves a lot unanswered, and yet it's very neat how many of the small details add up and become meaningful in retrospect. If you're looking for a story about case that is solved by the end, this is not it. But if you're looking for a weird and atmospheric experience, you should try this game."
,Recommended,501300,33729814,Posted: 22 July,all,Coda,"This game is a must play in my opinion.The price tag may be a tiny bit hefty for the playtime but that by no means should stop you from experiencing this game and this historic journey through the past of the Finch family.Each tale of death and darkness is lit up by its own personality and enlightenment, this is in no way glamourising the tragic stories of death, whether it's caused by the mistakes and punishment of parents or an unlucky train coming your way, every person seems unusually content in their end. It's almost like they want this in a sort of sinister way.Each person explored in this game makes you feel connected to them as you play through their final moments and wonder,""Where did this go wrong?"".As predictable as the ending is the bulk of the game has you on your toes wondering what you'll find around the corner and who on the family tree is next.This game is a complex story of tragic, unfortunate, horrible deaths of a historic family but it puts them in a light which makes each one more meaningful then the next, it doesn't spare any details. This game is a must play as it is a game as much as an artistic account of life entering death with the most incredible atmosphere and grace.What Remains of Edith Finch is a masterpiece of modern day storytelling and writing, if you haven't played it yet go ahead and do it, you won't regret it. I promise you that you will get more of an experience than anything else from this game.Coda."
,Recommended,501300,33745234,Posted: 23 July,all,Harry Hendersons,A beustiful game of stunning art and story one of the best walking sime I have played up there with EGTR.
,Recommended,501300,33743809,Posted: 23 July,all,FacepalmRunner,"Great music, great scene and great story. It mightbe a little bit short but defintely worth it!"
76561198129465767,Recommended,501300,33811659,Posted: 26 July,all,Rob Gallagher,"Absolutly great game, touching story, innovative plays with amazing arts. 10/10"
,Recommended,501300,33842898,Posted: 27 July,all,MasterKontrol,"Truly Wonderful Experience, Short in terms of ""Gameplay"" but man'o'man what a brilliant piece of artHighly recommend if you like story and art style and creativity in delivering a solid experience, this is quite uniquein critical terms, i would say the length is around the longest episode of ""Life is Strange"" and the quality of everything is easily a match for it as well...Seriously, I loved this...was more i would have liked to have done with things (interactivity-wise) but all in all this was creative dynamite for me."
76561198054024600,Recommended,501300,33869883,Posted: 28 July,all,Bananarumpus,"If you're a fan of the walking simulator/exploration genre, I'd say that this is easily the best so far. Personally, I've played Gome Home, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, Dear Esther and Town of Light and while I enjoyed all of them for various reasons, I would say that What Remains of Edith Finch was my favorite.As soon as you start this game it becomes very clear that the developers put a lot of thought and work into this project. The storytelling is top notch, the narration is great, graphics are wonderful, the movements/gameplay is very fluid and easy to pick up and control, the music is fantastic and the overall aesthetic is really charming/(mildly)terrifying.Yes, this a bit short (I have a little over 2.5 hours for the full story and all of the achievements), but I was not expecting to get as sucked up into the story as I did. My suggestion would be to really embrace all of the dialogue and all of the rooms to make the most of your time spent playing. I definitely see myself playing the entire game all the way through for a 2nd time.Another reviewer did mention getting motion sickness from the FOV. I can only play these games in small doses for the same reason, and while my motion sickness wasn't too bad, it's another thing to keep in mind if you're sensitive to these things."
,Recommended,501300,33943992,Posted: 1 August,all,arZnlArZ,"This might be one of my favorite games of all time. This is a story I am not going to forget. This is a richness rarely put into video games. Compelling, entertaining, heart-wrenching. Absolute. Emotions. I would call this game an incredible success. And at the very least... I am glad I paid full price for it. I would have bought it for more."
,Recommended,501300,33840147,Posted: 27 July,all,NormySan,The storyteling and the overall mood of the game is amazing. Took about ~2.5 hours to complete which is a bit on the low end for a game for 20€.Overall tough the game is really good so this weighs up a bit for the very short overall playtime to complete the game.
,Recommended,501300,33846176,Posted: 27 July,all,dasw0nderkid,This might be my favorite 'walking sim' game i've ever played.  It looks beautiful and has a fantastic story.I can't recommend this game more highly.
,Recommended,501300,33852754,Posted: 28 July,all,scooterboy,"It does so many delightful, unexpected things in such a short span of time. If you like short, evocative experiences, then you should try this."
76561198031829492,Recommended,501300,33880216,Posted: 29 July,all,Valkarin,"More of an interactive story than a game, but what a story. Very sad and moving. Exploration is satisfying and the soundtrack is excellent. I highly reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,501300,33069409,Posted: 30 June,all,ACEffects,"What remains of Edith Finch many who paid to play will never know as a bug making it unplayable. Many, such as myself with good processing power are stuck for over a month without a real fix.I downgraded it as they should have fixed this well known bug by now!"
,Recommended,501300,33897629,Posted: 29 July,all,Mike Pence's Boyfriend,"This game is amazing.  It may be the most creative game i have ever played.  This is a storytelling game about a cursed American family and the protagonist's life.  It will kick you right in the feels, you should play it."
,Recommended,501300,33886906,Posted: 29 July,all,Heroic,Excellent story 10/10
,Recommended,501300,33887738,Posted: 29 July,all,hfuasuhgsagdhfh\ds,"Alluring atmosphere, well composed soundtrack and a compelling tale."
,Recommended,501300,33899287,Posted: 30 July,all,Philoponus,"Amazing creative storytelling. The best ""Walking Simulator"" I played up to now."
76561198029888916,Recommended,501300,33901751,Posted: 30 July,all,RedMax,So good
76561198018837820,Recommended,501300,33903062,Posted: 30 July,all,Hustleren,Beautiful story!
,Recommended,501300,33360036,Posted: 7 July,all,Crooked Hillary (Trader),This is my favorite game of all time.
76561198015265037,Recommended,501300,34018623,Posted: 4 August,all,Lt.Moose,"There's no words that could describe what this game is. Genius, excelent, amazing, breath taking is not enough to say how great this product is. It feels fresh between todays games. It's a new way of storytealing, a way that oter game developers should learn.Game is pretty short, but yet, at the end seems like there is nothing more to tell. We get the answer to the game's main title - What remains of Edith Finch.All i can say is that everyone should play it and get acquainted with Finch family tale."
,Recommended,501300,34041205,Posted: 5 August,all,minimal,"This ""game"" is more like a movie than a standard video game. I did enjoy it, and it made me incredibly sad, but I think it's a bit pricey for a two hour game."
,Recommended,501300,34041265,Posted: 5 August,all,FylmTM,<3
76561198072063344,Recommended,501300,34042045,Posted: 5 August,all,d'awwg,"A very short story (my playtime is longer because of some random AFK). Not really a game, because you don't get to do much, you just move around and click or move the mouse when allowed to.The graphics are nice, the voice-acting, especially for the kids, is very good and believable.The little discoveries are fascinating and interesting, but the ending is like they suddenly ran out of time or simply didn't feel like giving you closure.The story has great atmosphere. Buy it on sale."
,Recommended,501300,34068498,Posted: 6 August,all,Welih♂,"this game.. this game is one of the best games i have ever played. With astonishing visuals and unique also awe-inspiring gameplay with a great story line, i can easily say this game is really worth buying. While playing this game i was feeling sad because i was gonna finish the story. But i tought i can play it again so it gave me some hope. i wish there were many games like this. i would rate this as 9/10 and would play it again and again."
76561198040214169,Recommended,501300,34063876,Posted: 6 August,all,Crucius,"A very ambient, intriguing, hauntingly beautiful game. A bit on the short side, but the quality makes up for the lack of quantity."
76561198013741629,Recommended,501300,34063652,Posted: 6 August,all,Radiofloyd90,"Actual play time was around 2 hours, not 12 hours! I bought it at a 30% discount and the experience is certainly enough to justify paying €13.99. One of the better games in its genre (and one that wisely sidesteps pretty much all of the bad aspects of other similar games) and impressive storytelling from Giant Sparrow. Special mention to the music, which is lovely."
,Recommended,501300,34062588,Posted: 6 August,all,Lin Junjie,Very unqiue gameplay and way of storytelling.Very memorable game.
76561198104184193,Recommended,501300,34065107,Posted: 6 August,all,draivn,The only complaint I have is that it was over too soon.Amazing...simply amazing.
,Recommended,501300,34080660,Posted: 7 August,all,gtastop,amazing gameplay had me hooked on for the time of the game
,Recommended,501300,34074776,Posted: 6 August,all,NanamiOtaku,"What Remains of Edith Finch is an emotional story-based game.You have some of the freedom to roam around than just sticking to the objective unlike most story games where you can't do much but read the story or dialogue.  The music, the narration, even the graphics were Great!Also, to tell you the truth, at one point I wished I had rooms like theirs."
,Recommended,501300,33983112,Posted: 2 August,all,Count_Zero_Interrupt,"Wonderful game. Beautiful visuals, strong writing, and such a powerful sense of place. It's pretty much all story, and pretty much totally linear, so if those things turn you off then you won't enjoy it. It's also somewhat short, by game standards, but i've paid more to see movies I enjoyed far, far less. Do yourself a favor, and give it a chance. Take your time, and savour the details."
,Recommended,501300,33990396,Posted: 3 August,all,Arderath,"A masterpiece of interactive storytelling. This game tells a wonderful, emotional story, using fantastic voice acting, art and sound design. Play this game. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,501300,33991811,Posted: 3 August,all,boarderms,Great story with a magnificent art style! Avoid spoilers and get it!
76561198056444668,Recommended,501300,33991523,Posted: 3 August,all,Thoth,It's a very interesting and sad story.+ varied gameplay mechanics+ creative+ graphics / visuals+ good voice actress- not much action- walking simulator
,Recommended,501300,34013691,Posted: 4 August,all,Insomnicron,A story that is both sweet and sad in places.
76561197970096496,Recommended,501300,34013933,Posted: 4 August,all,Jingles,"An absolute masterpiece of storytelling.  Tragic and compelling, once I started playing I couldn't stop until it was done."
,Recommended,501300,34006577,Posted: 3 August,all,westoverg1,"Great music, great stories."
,Recommended,501300,34003337,Posted: 3 August,all,Kimchi Cooner,I don't write reviews. This game make me sad. But it's a good sad. Game fun. You should buy and you should play game make you sad too.
76561198139478189,Recommended,501300,34013142,Posted: 4 August,all,Schism-3309,"brilliant, breathtaking and a work of art!"
76561198069923753,Recommended,501300,33999230,Posted: 3 August,all,HeWentToJarrod,An absolute masterpiece.
,Recommended,501300,34058005,Posted: 6 August,all,Caribbean Amphibian,The single best narrative experience i have ever taken part in. Thank you.
,Recommended,501300,34058214,Posted: 6 August,all,Jocose_Jikininki,"I don't think there's anything quite like this game.In almost every scene there are new ways of unraveling the story which might I add is beautifully written. The number of ways that the game makes you play in are astounding and I will not ruin any of it for you. It is simply a must play for anyone who loves a good story. Because wow, this is the best game I've played in 2017Good job devs"
76561198387175241,Recommended,501300,34044808,Posted: 5 August,all,CrushTheWeak,Very different story.  Wish it was longer. Great while it lasted
,Recommended,501300,34034412,Posted: 5 August,all,exmachina64,"What Remains of Edith Finch is a beautiful introspection on the meaning of life and loss.If you can't stand walking simulators, avoid this game. However, if that doesn't deter you, you will find yourself absorbed in a story that haunts you long after you've stepped away from your PC.Without getting into spoilers, you play as Edith Finch, a young woman who has returned to her ancestral island home. As you explore the house, you experience stories of her family members.The stories take the form of minigames and serve as a mechanical departure from the rest of the game. Each minigame is relatively short and I found none lasted long enough to become stale.The game is paced very well and I didn't find myself bored or struggling to find the next room.The game performed well on my PC and I didn't experience any noticeable technical problems.Jeff Russo's soundtrack transitions well between the main story and the smaller stories and succeeds in creating a unique sound for the different tones of each.Lastly, the most common complaint regarding walking simulators is the length. A good walking sim, like a good film or a good novel, will succeed in captivating you and causing time to blur. I'm happy to say that I lost myself in exploring Edith's world and found myself truly immersed.What Remains of Edith Finch is a masterpiece and I highly recommend you play this game."
,Recommended,501300,34019828,Posted: 4 August,all,Stigur,This game is more a work of art than just a simple game.Enjoyed it immensly.
76561198110856602,Recommended,501300,34007209,Posted: 3 August,all,amulet1969,"Loved the story and animation. I found it way too short and the controls on some of the games clunky and difficult to utilize. All in all, pretty good for a very short game (2 hours) but not worth more than $5.00 due to the time."
,Recommended,501300,34008555,Posted: 3 August,all,ShimmerVoid,"One of the most incredible, evocative and emotional stories I've had the pleasure of playing. Despite it's painfully short length, it's well worth the money."
76561198096875077,Recommended,501300,34008953,Posted: 3 August,all,Doggo Sif,One of the best narritive experiences I ever had
,Recommended,501300,34073973,Posted: 6 August,all,savecontinuepodcast,Loved this game so much. Inspired by Dagon and One Hundred Years Of Solitude. An FPI for people who want a little more interaction than the genre typically provides. This game was beautiful.
,Recommended,501300,34086330,Posted: 7 August,all,Electronically Enthused,yes
76561198030717099,Recommended,501300,34089172,Posted: 7 August,all,lyre,"If you're into walking simulators, you should totally buy this game. If not, consider buying it too.This is a very very beautiful and sad story. Not in that kind of way, when narrator tearily beg you for compassion, no. It's very intimate, deep, thoughtful tale full of light moments and dark ones, blended in a very smart way. You will be fully drawned in detailed level design and strong art direction, surprised by twists game designers so creatively came up with, taken a deep breath of both scriptwriter's work and actors voicing. And music, that's so accurate and touching.I'm writing this review under fresh impression, but I really believe that I won't change my mind in any foreseeable future.This game is a masterpiece, and I'm really thankful to you all the guys from the titles section (which was so impossible to skip) who made this game come true."
76561197990434160,Recommended,501300,34089490,Posted: 7 August,all,PapaFlo,Great Game! Go try it yourself!
76561197997625230,Recommended,501300,34094021,Posted: 7 August,all,Artfact,"It's hard to call this a game, but whatever this is, it is surely amazing.A really enjoyable couple of hours."
,Recommended,501300,34103074,Posted: 8 August,all,T-chan,"Such a wonderful and moving piece of art with unique forms of storytelling! Nowadays it is rare that a game manages to enthrall me so deeply, but this game did that and so much more. ""What Remains of Edith Finch"" is somewhat comparable to the experiences offered by ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter"" and ""Gone Home"", which are both excellent games too. The only minus side I could think of is that it'll probably take a while for me to find another game that sweeps me away like this again. My humble recommendations."
76561198403396723,Recommended,501300,34114737,Posted: 8 August,all,ORION,10/10 Crying simulator
,Recommended,501300,33979048,Posted: 2 August,all,Draan,"This was an amazing story, from start to finish. The different enviroments work nearly flawlessly and draws you in with creative scenery and excellent composition. Great game!"
76561198004734549,Recommended,501300,34137556,Posted: 9 August,all,Truth,"Similar to games like Firewatch, it is basically an interactive movie... not long, lasts but a couple to a few hours.  The emotional journey along the way... that is up to you.  You can either feel, or feel nothing.  I felt.  I had all of the feels.  And I'm glad I felt."
,Recommended,501300,34140576,Posted: 10 August,all,Divinity,Didn't expect something like this. This is the most magical game I've played in a while.The story is mesmerizing and you kinda just get sucked into it.I'd recommend it to anyone in need of a good tale.
76561198374435783,Recommended,501300,34136421,Posted: 9 August,all,MMeister,This is a piece of video game art. Excellent sotrytelling and graphics. 10/10.
,Recommended,501300,34138109,Posted: 9 August,all,Romero,"Pretty good. It's voice acted quite well, and has quite a bit of stellar visual storytelling. The ending made me feel like actual crap, and that doesn't happen very often.I must say one thing, I didn't think I'd ever come out of a woman's you-know-what in a video game but whatever."
,Recommended,501300,34151350,Posted: 10 August,all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: My new favorite walking simulator.Favorite Thing: It's a tie! Firstly, the game is brilliantly imaginative. Second, Valerie Rose Lohman (I looked it up because it was worth looking up!) does an amazing job as Edith. Her narration completely draws me in.Least Favorite Thing: Mouse-based movement tasks (like turning things).Date Completed: 2017-08-09Playtime: 2h (and worth every penny)Enjoyment: 9/10Recommendation: Go play this game, it's so good."
,Recommended,501300,34166484,Posted: 11 August,all,cloudconstructor,a great interactive story.
76561198068240538,Recommended,501300,34170142,Posted: 11 August,all,jaytin,"I thought this would be another walking game, a bit of exploration and a lot of reading and while this is true and I really like that sort of thing to relax, it was also much, much more! The whole story is just a bit weird and surreal, the house is crazy in design. I played this over two evenings and I have to confess I found it just so much fun, particularly when you are Molly and are hunting, I really felt a kind of childish glee! I cannot think of any other game that is remotely similar, it's totally unique.I can't recommend this game highly enough, Giant Sparrow did a great job and I hope we will see much more from them in the future!"
76561198071580906,Recommended,501300,34213719,Posted: 13 August,all,Smelly Melly,Great storytelling. Get it on sale though.
76561198185527942,Recommended,501300,34219750,Posted: 13 August,all,Rue,"This is not a game!This is an experience!Immersive, engaging and thought provoking.An absolutely beautiful game!"
76561198025538106,Recommended,501300,34152604,Posted: 10 August,all,MK,"Did I cry playing this game? Maybe. But how will you prove it?(An annoyed Scandinavian note though: If you name someone Finch AND make a big deal out of him being Norwegian, you should probably take your pick or at least give an explanation because Finch is not a Norwegian name...)"
,Recommended,501300,34153438,Posted: 10 August,all,NukaColaQutie,I loved this game so much! The story and gameplay were just amazing!
76561197972715979,Recommended,501300,34163866,Posted: 11 August,all,bricks.☭,The most amazing interactive story
,Recommended,501300,34166271,Posted: 11 August,all,Pideaux,"I played this game entirely through in one session because I couldn't stop. It's beautiful, the story is captivating. I'm still mesmorized by the story of the Finches. I rarely come across something that touches me and entralls me to the extent that this game/story did. I highly recommend it for any type of person."
76561198397566556,Recommended,501300,34218167,Posted: 13 August,all,bluepetunia1,amazing game that I have played over and over again.
,Recommended,501300,34227581,Posted: 13 August,all,ZenGarage,"Super short at 2-3hrs from start to end, but great graphics, some fresh mechanics, great soundtrack and mood. A really lovely start, an OK middle and an end that came a little too quick and abrupt."
,Recommended,501300,34223036,Posted: 13 August,all,DrunkDave,"A mournful and intriguing story about loss, family, and stories we tell young ones to cover the truth.  Very poignant, by far one of the best stories I've had the fortune to play.  Best played through the first time in one sitting."
76561198008915712,Recommended,501300,34252585,Posted: 15 August,all,GegeforceNL,A really great game. This was an excellent way to catch a break from all those AAA-gaming titles. The story is intriguing.
76561198236718516,Recommended,501300,34263101,Posted: 15 August,all,The_Camwin,Great game for those who like story-driven mysteries like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. Not the biggest fan of the ending.
76561198353765811,Recommended,501300,34431947,Posted: 23 August,all,christina21j,"I really like this game: story rich, but not so terrible.  Maybe the first story and the actress one could be a little bit frightening, but it's ok. The whole game, in my view, is telling a sad story: how the family members died one by one, and what did they do before they passed away. When you complete this game, it's just like you've finished a novel. Anyway, this game is  really great."
,Recommended,501300,34434499,Posted: 23 August,all,VengefulTeapot,I cannot recommend this enough. A beautiful interactive story in which I became completely and utterly immersed in. Do your self a favour and experience this.
76561198306057354,Recommended,501300,34427873,Posted: 22 August,all,vinceextense,"Amazing video game made of several short stories, storytelling at its best !"
,Recommended,501300,34338983,Posted: 18 August,all,Mothy,"I'm not a big fan of Walking Simulators but this game ... woah I think it just changed my view on WS games.Story , ART , Sound ... gameplay are all immersive!You should really get this game , it's not a game. it's an experience that immerses you and makes you feel like a finch yourself.Enjoy !"
76561198039948082,Recommended,501300,34367473,Posted: 20 August,all,人吴,Marvelous！
,Recommended,501300,34366246,Posted: 19 August,all,SomeGuy,A short but amazing game. Well worth 20 dollars. The methord of storytelling is down right amazing. This game combined with the soundtrack gave me goosebumps. An amazing work of art!
,Recommended,501300,33984472,Posted: 2 August,all,Markefus,"Goes above and beyond the average 'walking simulator' in terms of interaction.Writing is of good quality, and story presentation is well done.Some of the scenes (The Cannery, in particular) are extremely memorable and unique.Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,501300,31781839,Posted: 15 May,all,UN | T800,"The game is short but it's really great.I will never play this game again, the story is very sad but really worth it."
76561198028464868,Recommended,501300,34384523,Posted: 20 August,all,Hitopopamus,No game has ever touched me the way this one did.Truly a masterclass in storytelling.
,Recommended,501300,34407366,Posted: 21 August,all,pankee,A fantastic game and a prime example of how to create a compelling 'walking simulator'.Could not recommend it more.
,Recommended,501300,34406345,Posted: 21 August,all,Ace,Amazing.
76561198118270459,Recommended,501300,34398293,Posted: 21 August,all,Timinator,Great graphics and great storyline.
,Recommended,501300,34471547,Posted: 24 August,all,gamergrrrl,It's so much more that you think
76561198145139395,Recommended,501300,34505255,Posted: 26 August,all,yoship,"A brilliant game in certain respects, particularly the presentation and design, that confounds with its fascination for the macabre. I found it quite appealing, if more than a little morose; despite being prepared for it by the game's title. The story is somewhat disjointed and not particularly coherent, and that is the only relatively weak point of Edith Finch.In the starting phase of the game, I was considering gifting this game to my niece. But realized soon after that it is clearly too graphic for children. PEGI rates it as suitable for 16+ only. Overall, a 9.5/10. And not for children.http://www.pegi.info/en/index/global_id/505/?searchString=edith+finch&agecategories=&genre=&organisations=&platforms=&countries=&submit=Search#searchresults"
,Recommended,501300,34636259,Posted: 31 August,all,jeff.hughes,"What can I say about this that people haven't already said? ""Overwhelminly Positive"" user reviews speaks for itself. This is an amazing game -- or, interactive story, really. As soon as you enter the house, you realize that every object has been lovingly crafted to fill the house with such rich detail. You feel the personalities of the house's inhabitants simply by looking around. You feel the history of the home. That feeling only increases as you continue through the game and learn more about the house and the Finch family. The game is equal parts happy and melancholic, strange and beautiful, fantastical and realistic.Part of the game allows you to experience other Finch family members' history through their eyes. These portions are richly imaginative, and each one is a completely unique experience. Without giving anything else away...you get to play as a cat. Like, come on, what more could you ask for??My only regret with this game is its short length. With a 2-3 hour playtime, at the end I wished I could have lived in that world for another 20 hours. I was also surprised when it ended, given that there were still areas of the house that hadn't been explored (and that as far as I know, you can't explore). However, the ending is still absolutely perfect as is. That means even with its short length, it's well worth the money. You will be left wanting more -- but that's what multiple playthroughs are for.In short: BUY. THIS. GAME."
76561198059853827,Recommended,501300,33980797,Posted: 2 August,all,2steps,"this game sucked me right in and I couldnt leave until I was done. This was no game, it was an adventure.reminds you how short and precious life is.Easily top 3 of my story based game list.Just play it and experience it yourself."
76561198059218186,Recommended,501300,34651247,Posted: 31 August,all,Kraken,I really great story.  Kept me interested right up to the end!
76561198131796305,Recommended,501300,34652109,Posted: 31 August,all,Wegetor,Extremely short (3-4 hours until I finished the game and I guess I was slow with that) but such an absolutely incredible story - so I definitely have no regrets buying it!
,Recommended,501300,34677052,Posted: 1 September,all,4FX,9.5/10 great story!
,Recommended,501300,34693263,Posted: 2 September,all,andy,"Yes, this is a 2 hour long game that costs 20 dollars. Yes, there is next to no gameplay besides moving the character around. And yes, It is not one a good game. Because it isnt a game. Its more like a movie that benefits from being in a game format. It is a narrative told as you explore the history of your family. Knowing ahything more than this could heavily spoil the experience. It is the most unique game or experience I have ever seen in digital media. If you are a fan of games with stories, or interesting tthough provoking stories in general, this is a must have. It is more than worth the price tag."
,Recommended,501300,34690928,Posted: 2 September,all,[sWe]Sysshad,"An amazing story or rather stories in one.This is like playing through several peoples lives, and its all mysterical and interesting.Its really worth playing if you are like me - enjoys very good narrative stories and fantastic artwork"
,Recommended,501300,34691134,Posted: 2 September,all,Pickle Rick,"Finch is a winner in what I like to call the ""literary"" category of gaming, and sits comfortably beside other fantastic narrative experiences such as Firewatch and The Vanishing of Ethan Carter. It blends clever game mechanics into narrative vignettes that will delight and surprise you. This is a must play for lovers of storytelling."
,Recommended,501300,34693856,Posted: 2 September,all,jonathan31796,My parents didn't sign the permission slip for this feel trip
76561198338805430,Recommended,501300,34702495,Posted: 2 September,all,RadiantRosie,"Beautiful and strange. This is not really a game, so make sure to adjust your expectations accordingly. This is an interactive story and you don't have many options or much freedom in the exploration. Expect it to take about two hours. A brief little oddity but quite unique and entertaining."
76561198113089332,Recommended,501300,34704569,Posted: 3 September,all,Sulaco,A beautiful experience that I can't recommend enough.
,Recommended,501300,34695210,Posted: 2 September,all,Robin Le,"What Remains of Edith Finch is the greatest """"walkind simulator"""" I've ever played. It's story is emotional, deep, interesting, unpredictable and exciting. The perfect game if you don't need action. And very well designed.After you've played it, you will be sad, but that's a great sign, because it means that the developers is GREAT at storytelling. And I know they are.Clear buying recommendation."
76561198245130224,Recommended,501300,35063200,Posted: 19 September,all,krista_o,"What an interesting game.  The graphics are excellent and I wish you could do more interaction with things, but that is not the nature of the game.  Very short, but well worth it!"
,Recommended,501300,35074193,Posted: 19 September,all,mAya!,Just play it without any expectations or spoilers. It'll be well worth your time.
76561197997204291,Recommended,501300,34998354,Posted: 16 September,all,SpaceM0nkey,"Really amazing game, if you like a great story and although there is not so much gameplay, there are more incredible gaming moments than most Blockbuster games had in the last 10 years. Buy it, the 20€ are definately worth it!"
76561198297629655,Recommended,501300,35032151,Posted: 17 September,all,irisoskm,"This game is wonderful, the story is amazing."
76561198002779305,Recommended,501300,35033648,Posted: 17 September,all,Blin,"An amazing story, with great storytelling."
76561197989074139,Recommended,501300,35053105,Posted: 18 September,all,newtool,"What a wonderful piece of story telling! I feel grateful I picked this game up by chance. Lovely art style, great voice actors, beautiful and subtle soundtrack/sound sphere and a whole lot of nice, fresh game design elements. A recomendation for everyone who is looking for something different but inspiring."
76561197989906616,Recommended,501300,35080082,Posted: 20 September,all,Steboost,A story on rails that takes just over 2 hours. It's very sentimental & whimsical.If that hasn't put you off then it's an utter joy to experience.
,Recommended,501300,34805491,Posted: 7 September,all,Starbuck,"As the title suggest, it's not really a ""game"" per se but a collection of strange tales about a family.  Don't expect some plot twist or something far fetched but rather just enjoy the ride and the story that is being portrayed in its on way."
76561198151619940,Recommended,501300,34827843,Posted: 8 September,all,Deadlivin,"Ok I just finished this game.  Not too many things make me cry being a tough guy and all. (If you gotta problem with people crying I believe thos are sociopaths) My dad passed away when I was ten so this game really struck a cord, but my girlfriend was next to me and agrees with me. This is like watching Life is Beautiful for the first time, visual art at its finest."
76561198141086399,Recommended,501300,34820818,Posted: 8 September,all,nicklau,SIMPLESMENTE INCRÍVELsó nao dou um 10 para o jogo devido a sua mecanica de arrastar o mouse para interagir com as coisas9.8/10.0
76561198099288253,Recommended,501300,34843435,Posted: 9 September,all,Row,This is HOW YOU TELL A STORY IN THE FORM OF A GAME.Now I just need it in VR.
,Recommended,501300,34846165,Posted: 9 September,all,Kat,This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece.
76561198034249445,Recommended,501300,34877061,Posted: 10 September,all,Damon Pearly,"An incredibly somber and sentimental interactive narrative experience that explores the history of an ill-fated family through a look into what they left behind and fantastical recounts of each member's final moments. Complemented by strong voice performances, thoughtful writing, and a serene musical score, What Remains of Edith Finch establishes a distinct identity with its presentation in guiding you through a familiar yet wondrous household filled with unique environmental storytelling. As a well-paced, succinct linear experience, the game succeeds in providing reward with everything you inspect throughout your journey. In particular, the postmorterm look into the Finch family tree offers a contiguous collection of vignettes that each standout as vivid glimpses into their lives before sufferring from fatal misfortune. Although an inherentely tragic tale all throughout, What Remains of Edith Finch does manage to instill a sense of optimism about the prospect of life even when engulfed in the despair of death."
,Recommended,501300,34900893,Posted: 12 September,all,SmokeTheBear,"Lovely little game,"
76561198030924525,Recommended,501300,34886213,Posted: 11 September,all,Song_of_Storms870,This game is a beautfully done masterpiece that packs an emotional punch. The art direction of the game is a real treat and the voice naration was powerful. This game will resonate with me for a long time. I recommend the purchase.
,Recommended,501300,34883414,Posted: 11 September,all,Soukyan,"This was more of a gaming experience or interactive novel than a strict game, but it does not disappoint. This game falls squarely on my list of top games for this year. Well told story of a family tree, and a solid ending with feeling. The progression is guided without being obtrusive, and the in-game hints for controls on certain game segments is equally subtle and easy to parse. Also, this game has some of the best designed credits of any game I've played. There's a Pixar level of polish here. Buy."
76561198049552454,Recommended,501300,34919503,Posted: 13 September,all,peaches,Strange and wonderful story packed with an incredible amount of detail. Every vignette is inventive and engaging.
76561198026506133,Recommended,501300,34919601,Posted: 13 September,all,Clueless,"A great edition to any interactive movie/walking simulator collection.It was a great journey, short, sweet and immersive.Would recomend it to anyone who's looking for a good show in a lazy afternoon!Mild existential themes, amazing voice acting and a bite-sized duration!"
76561198007822217,Recommended,501300,34957985,Posted: 14 September,all,cordinia,"Just finished the game in one sitting.  Wow!  What an emotional experience.  I cannot recommend this game enough.  Another nail in the coffin of ""games can't be art"".  Excellent."
76561198166511043,Recommended,501300,35092514,Posted: 20 September,all,BlackPurl,"I really enjoyed this game! Wonderful, immersive story that was well-paced. It has some dark content, but it's not scary (no jump-scares). Absolutely worth grabbing during a sale!"
,Recommended,501300,35135295,Posted: 22 September,all,Beard|F|ist,"Definitely one of my favorite games of the year. Beautiful story, and scenery and characters and just everything. Just get it already."
76561198085780912,Recommended,501300,35130783,Posted: 22 September,all,✠ Arthur Blackfyre ✠,Such a emotional masterpiece
76561198045989928,Recommended,501300,35183221,Posted: 24 September,all,mat.d.ohio,"The Unfinished Swan was so good, i couldnt wait for this one. Great story told in a unique way"
,Recommended,501300,35189512,Posted: 24 September,all,Pretty Pink Pineapples,Was very nice.
,Recommended,501300,35187464,Posted: 24 September,all,[MA] Rivvern,Wow. Didn't know there were games like this. Really well done. Recommended for relaxed couchgaming.
76561198002433001,Recommended,501300,35176604,Posted: 24 September,all,Skumle Damen,"One of my new favourite games. I am hugely into walking simulators, good stories and great game development and by god this game has it all. I'm not even kidding when I say I shed a few tears at the end. This game is simply perfect!"
,Recommended,501300,35154993,Posted: 23 September,all,Starrk316452,"An amazing story-driven walking simulator-esque game. Bound to shed a tear or two as it talks with heavy topics such as death and/or loss of loved ones. Developers did an amazing job with the graphics and storyline. The only downside is that it's a bit short, but with this kind of story telling, it would still be considered short for me at 100 hours of gameplay."
76561198277148193,Recommended,501300,35186687,Posted: 24 September,all,zacharyfdeane,Something really special.
,Recommended,501300,35138191,Posted: 22 September,all,Tardus Roricus,"Just finished it. Fairly short I'll admit but a hell of an emotional gut punch by the end. I was looking for something to satisfy my need for more after finishing Firewatch and this was definitely the right choice. If you're interested purely in story telling, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,501300,34449405,Posted: 23 August,all,rainbow squids,"in all honesty, this game blew me away. possibly the best voice acting i have ever seen, intriguing storyline, well designed, and i almost cried at the end. it may be short, but my time spent with what remains of edith finch was quality over quantity, and it was 100 percent worth that $20 price tag. this is something that you do not want to miss out on. quite possibly out of my top ten games of all time.(the hours are screwed up because i played it offline. this isnt a 20 minute game for 20 dollars, sorry to disappoint you.)"
,Recommended,501300,35234994,Posted: 26 September,all,windows92,please play this game.
76561198320614665,Recommended,501300,35249182,Posted: 27 September,all,Broccoli,"The storytelling is incredible and the characters in this game are so intriguing, just because of the little details you see of them around the house. This game really makes you think about the way you view the world. One particular moment towards the end, I thought, was incredibly well done;in Lewis' story, you act out the monotony of his daily life while experiencing the fantasy world he'd created.Overall, it's an incredibly immersive experience which throws you into the lives of each and every one one of it's characters."
76561198422147995,Recommended,501300,35234887,Posted: 26 September,all,Jier_BangNing,very good
,Recommended,501300,35244486,Posted: 27 September,all,Woody,"One of the best walking simulators out there: an interactive story inside a fairy tale house.About 3 hours of playtime, but well worth the experience"
,Recommended,501300,35291403,Posted: 29 September,all,Bryoz,"What Remains of Edith Finch presents a very beautiful, very tragic story.It stands apart from other ""walking simulators"" by means of experimental gameplay, and varied interactions.Throughout, there is a strong narrative, presented through environmental story telling and a host of interesting characters.I thoroughly enjoyed playing this and it'll leave a deep footprint."
,Recommended,501300,35288069,Posted: 29 September,all,Sythren,"I don't write many reviews, but I feel the need to say that this is an excellently crafted, moving story, that presents itself in many unique ways, and is certainly worth the cost to purchase the game."
76561198006779910,Not Recommended,501300,31531904,Posted: 3 May,all,ObsessedEddie,"I am shocked that this game has gotten so much praise.I'll start with the positivesGood writing and audio- every line feels as if it's delivered in person. Great visuals- passed the vanishing of ethen carter as the best looking walking sim. Good pacing- the game is constantly giving you stuff to either interact with or look at. Good characters- every member of this family seems like a real and tangible person. Great gameplay (for a walking sim)- This is the games greatest strength, with each family members story being told with a different mechanic, bringing in new players who would otherwise detest the walking sim genre for its lack of gamplay.The biggest flaw with this game... and its a big one, which on its own brings this review from a positive to a negative.-The game has no meaningful message. Each individual flashback has its simple message, but there is nothing complex that connects them all. They all end in a tragic death, and that is it. There is never a serious attempt at addressing this, other than ""bad luck"", and that is a serious flaw when death is such a strong tool in story telling."
,Recommended,501300,35410062,Posted: 2 October,all,RelinquishIUV,"My girlfriend introduced this game to me after I was determined to finish Outlast's insane mode. I was greatly impressed by the artwork that I saw in here, nd as what someone said... It was relaxing. Just the right game to play. The control is also pretty innovative, and it's really worth the money. Also the achievment is super simple, I achieved everything within a day. Go through the mystery on your own. I even cried...this greatly reminds me of those whom I treasured so much since before. Loved it!"
,Recommended,501300,34046740,Posted: 5 August,all,ГГ_GLe,"a unique experience, really loved it and can't wait for more like this in the future"
,Recommended,501300,35396498,Posted: 1 October,all,leeganboom,I watched some previews for this game before it came out and was interested in it right away. Once I bought it I was in love.. I start to tear up every time that I play. The stories are just . . . I can't explain. You have to play for yourself. Worth the buy and cannot wait to see more come from Annapurna Interactive.
,Recommended,501300,35459079,Posted: 3 October,all,owlbeyourfriend,"This game is fantastic. Just, buy it. Buy it now."
,Recommended,501300,35480588,Posted: 4 October,all,Ulon,"I don't think you can call this a ""game"". It's an very well told interactive story. An interesting experience totally worth it.Give it a try!"
76561197970929370,Recommended,501300,35475756,Posted: 4 October,all,Spair,A powerful exploration of family and secrets; brillantly presented.
76561198100818695,Recommended,501300,35483973,Posted: 4 October,all,MystiqCat,I'm so sad that it's over. This is a train line of nostalgia. beautiful music
76561198078617590,Recommended,501300,35488529,Posted: 5 October,all,drizzy corn vert,8.25/10
76561198130204645,Recommended,501300,35503283,Posted: 5 October,all,DZAH3R,I simply loved it! <3
,Recommended,501300,35507817,Posted: 5 October,all,Fracture,"This game isn't perfect, but it's quite an experience. The game looks beautiful and is extremely detailed, and therein lies the story: a history of a family, and of life. If you don't care for walking simulators, there's a bit of variation here and there, but it remains a walking simulator in essence. Nevertheless, I found the gameplay interesting and somewhat relaxing (albeit often dark). The music is great, too. Overall, you might be disappointed to get only an hour or two of gameplay for the money, but for some like me, it just might be worth it."
,Recommended,501300,35507972,Posted: 5 October,all,kevinjames1828,It wasn't a long game but one of the best games i played all year. Great story telling and atmosphere. I hope there is a sequel in the works.
