user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,501350,35234341,Posted: 26 September,all,FastLawyer,"This game is almost two different games in one.  There's the free locomotion (joystick or trackpad) experience and there's the on rails experience.  They are obviously, both very different.  With free locomotion, you're able to dodge bullets and get in and out of cover really quickly.  With the on rails experience, I died very fast.  So yeah, I can't say more on the on rails experience :DEach level is well done.  There's not much of a story that I can tell (except in the store description ... lol nice job dev).  But you have a robot assistant giving you directions on what to do and when powerups are ready and color commentary at times.  You have two almost identical  handguns on each arm and each gun usually has a special ability that you can use.  You have the gravity gun which can grab some objects and then it can be used as a shield or as a deadly weapon when thrown at your enemies.  You also have several other powerups  to your other handgun, including a powershot or chainsaw throw, etc.  You also have a ""bullet time"" ability based on a long timer to help you out in tight situations.  You can also shoot health targets along the way to regain health, although they can be very rare at times.At the end of each level, there is a boss fight.  The frustrating thing is that each time you die, you will be starting at the very start of each level.  That frustration is mitigated in part by the fact that the levels are not very long.  And the boss fights usually have a trick to them to beat the boss.  Besides different bosses, each level has a different look and feel with different enemies, terrain, and/or gun abilities.  And as far as the comic book, sin city inspired, art style, you'll either like or not (I liked it myself, made the game stand out).  The guns seemed pretty accurate and on target with me, although since I'm right handed, I found it much easier on my right but you will have to shoot with both hands as accurately as possible.You can switch the in-game music between Dance, Alternative, Rock, Epic, or 8-bit (arcade).  You can also set many options on your controls and turning and movement speed.  You can start easy, normal, hard, or nightmare.  I played this is on normal and I am finding it quite the challenge, even with free locomotion.For the current sale price of $11.39, I easily recommend this game.  It's a lot of fun to play.  This ""VR shooter"" definitely has a lot more character than most others.  So you're getting a good value for your money.Rating 7/10"
76561198088245337,Recommended,501350,35219825,Posted: 26 September,all,Pingu,"If you liked RecRoom's quests, you gonna like this game. Its like a more polished version of those. Playtime varies. It took me 1.7h to beat the game with locomotion on and normal difficulty. On rails its much harder cause it leaves you to ""no cover zones""."
76561198376435630,Recommended,501350,35257827,Posted: 28 September,all,Kop killa,"Very well done game in my opinion. The graphics, music, and art style all go great together. It has many different movement options which I feel would make it appealing to a much wider audience base. Wether locomotion or on a rail as other reviews have mentioned. The developers seem very active in listening to the community and very much for progressing this game for the players. So far it is already very well enjoyable, so I look forward to seeing it’s growth. I would recommend this game to many types of players with all the movement options I feel it makes it appeal to more players than just being one or the other"
,Recommended,501350,35252536,Posted: 27 September,all,Flux | Nedmold,"A great vr shooter.The art style is incredible, which really adds to the whole experience. I love that the bullets are slow enough to dodge, but is still a big challenge. The voice acting is top notch with portal level humour. Main problems is the moving. I feel this game would be better with teleportation. Still a fantastic purchase"
,Recommended,501350,35306201,Posted: 29 September,all,Mars S Malo,"Wow, fun, fun, fun, challenging gameplay. First, this is not an easy game and that's a good thing.It's obvious this game was meant to be a rail shooter, so the default locomotion option is the best to go with. They do include other locomotion options but they didn't feel right for the way the levels are implemented. This game is more tactical than your typical point an shoot rail shooter so you have to play smart - dodging shots, using cover, juggling weapons, timing those weapon switches & reloads, learning your enemies attack styles. You start with 2 basic pistols for each hand, and a gravity gun/slow-mo gun on the left hand and as you progress, you unlock alternate weapons that are specific for certain levels and there is a boss battle at the end of each level.I used the ""traditional"" on rails movement style, on slow (trust me, start slow and get used to the gameplay before speeding up for a greater challenge). It took me a few deaths, to realize that I had to think about my shots and use the environment when possible to my advantage (cover, exploding barrels, making use of the alternate weapons, etc). Also, the guns are not designed to be used in a realistic, down-the-sights way. That was one of my 3 complaints. I like to be really accurate, go for head shots and weak points with my aim, but I found the guns are really bad when using it in a realistic way. What works best, is using the bullet trails as a guide to your aim.  Use both guns for double-damage and align the bullet trails to your target. Reloading also takes a bit of time, so you have to be smart about when to reload. Your guns touch pad area will turn red when it is out of ammo...which reminds me, turn off all the HUD and text in front of your face. There are great audio cues, vibration, and an in-game assistant that all work great at keeping you up to date with health status, reload time, when alternate guns are ready.  Turning off all the HUD stuff, also lets you appreciate the great comic book art style, especially some of the later scenic levels.My second complaint, is I would find myself needing to switch to the gravity gun or alternate gun, but there was a delay because you cannot do so, until after the reload transition occurs, which leaves the player very vulnerable. It happened a lot and became a bit annoying (although it did force me to be more tactical and my timing/reloading periods). I do hope, this can be changed, so you can weapon switch mid-reloading (this would cancel, your reload obviously)My last complaint, is allowing the user to choose a certain level without having to go through the campaign from the beginning. Level select is something that the devs have stated they are working on. To share with friends and family, this option would be great for the Halloween Season we are in right now.Overall, I give the game a high recommendation for it's challenging gameplay, art style, & music (which you can change, the thematic style of for each level). It took me about 1 1/2 - 2 hours to beat the game on the easiest setting my first play through. My few minor issues, I hope get addressed with an update soon. If you're up for a challenging, tactical style rail shooter that will keep you busy for a few hours, then get this game! Totally worth the asking price,  go play it now!Edit: Also, there's no in game menu, but if you want to restart a level, here's a pro tip: SHOOT YOURSELF IN THE HEAD!"
76561198253566308,Recommended,501350,35253111,Posted: 27 September,all,Robinhood,"I rarely write reviews, but I felt this game deserved it. It has style (Rare by itself) and is quite challenging. Considering play time alone, it is well worth the money!If you play FPS games, this should be in your library....."
76561197975132838,Recommended,501350,35217506,Posted: 26 September,all,NeoEdo,"I posted this in the discussion forum, but then I thought, ""This sounds like a review.""So I'm going to copy and paste it here!!""I WAS going to go to bed since I work tomorrow, but I wouldn't be able to sleep if I didn't at LEAST try it out really quick.HOLY SH*T guys! This game is amazing!!! So simple and yet more enjoyable than the majority of VR games out there.I said it before about the demo, but VR be damned if this isn't the BEST soundtrack in a VR shooting game. And the dificulty (even on normal) is perfect. Once I figured out the gravity gun; all was good.So excited for the weekend (like the last one, but now we actually HAVE the game).Thank you again for the extra discount AND the game itself. Definitely worth the wait!!"""
76561198369571196,Recommended,501350,35254517,Posted: 27 September,all,Gbvrg1,"Its a fps shooter hybrid in a comicbook/toon style whats not to love?,Hours of kickass fun , cant wait to spend more time on it at the weekend!A must for all VR fps fans"
76561198049895029,Recommended,501350,35257327,Posted: 28 September,all,johnsavv,"Really great art style to this game, love the comic book look and vibe... a TON of movement options and also can play on rails which changes the game up considerably, the difficulty is a bit hard at first but game is addictive enough to keep on trying... at the sale price I WOULD HIGHLY recommended this game! Developers are very active in listening to the community and making updates.... can't wait to see what else is to come... GREAT GAME!"
,Recommended,501350,35286531,Posted: 29 September,all,Kris.vdv,"This game is among the very best VR FPS out there!PRO- absolutely fantastic art/graphics!- excellent presentation and menu/interface- I love the various control/locomtion settings! Nobody can complain about locomtion control because you just select your personal preference.- voice-acting- great gameplay!CON (possibly improved or added in future updates?)- I'd love a better indication/notification that health is getting dangerously low...- no in-game menu. This was particularly annoying when I got to the caves (Ep. 2). They are dark and spooky, but a up-beat dance track was playing and this was a bad combo. I wanted to change to epic style or something else, but I couldn't.- just like in reality when you're looking at a bright phone screen at night in your car. You have to lower the brightness to see the road better. This goes for the darker environments in this game as well. Maybe lower brightness of the helmet LEDs automatically when the environment is dark?If you love FPS games and you have a Vive or Oculus, you cannot miss this game."
,Recommended,501350,35243979,Posted: 27 September,all,Setrafied,"Definitely one of the must haves in VR, if you have any respect for arcade games you must buy. The music is great, certainly adds a massive amount of intensity and makes you get into it, I felt like a badass not gonna lie. And you can choose between multiple different sound genres, i.e. Alternative, Rock, Epic, etc. For the price it's worth it, I would get it on sale while you have the chance"
76561198428666568,Recommended,501350,35469867,Posted: 4 October,all,Super_fox16,Although im new to VR (reformed Console peasent) this is Great game! VR FPS reminds me of House of the dead and Time Crisis meets Sin city!. (although i prefer the free locomotion) really worth the price ( I bought with the launch discount )I completed in a few hours so im really looking forward to the new content!!
76561198265779431,Recommended,501350,35427341,Posted: 2 October,all,chris.griffithscosmos,"A very well done VR FPS! got on special and is good for the money.Music is really good and adds to the game, i really liked the non-complicated cartoon gfx (wasn't expecting to!) and the mixed levels with all the different  bad guys/girls/aliens/robots/things etc... you get the pictureOn normal settings its not to hard and completed the game in 2hr and a bit hours.The free motion controls work really well and smooth on default setting using 980ti and 6700k (4.6 oc), no sickness at all.Game says there is a new level coming for haloweenHopefully the Devs will expand this game or make other VR games, as this is a great example.Just seen october 2nd patch with more levels to come every month :-) what are you waiting for?"
76561197976780918,Recommended,501350,35472314,Posted: 4 October,all,Dracknar,"I love this game.The groovy beats while playing, the humour...Great game :DI am glad they added the full locomotion since the on-rails experience in the Demo.I recommend it :D"
76561198119420144,Recommended,501350,35452398,Posted: 3 October,all,Daedalus,Great game.  The demo was great and I was looking forward to playing the full release.  The locomotion is one of the best I've come across.  You squeeze the left grip in the direction you want to go.  It worked surprisingly well.  Of course you can customize how it works.  Broke a sweat and beat it in about 2 hours.  Definitely worth the purchase and supporting the devs.  Good job!  Looking forward to more content/future releases!
76561197963870514,Recommended,501350,35429867,Posted: 2 October,all,Tom E Gunn,"Time Crisis meets Super Hot. Rail mode is the only way to play; touch pad locomotion makes it too easy imo. Great sound track that really hypes up the gameplay (I normally turn music off in games but this one the music adds so much (with the visuals going to the metre of the music, feels like being at a concert with the visuals). So far this is my favourite single player shooter experience and puts Arizona Sunshine to shame. +100 points to the Devs for actively updating the game!"
,Recommended,501350,35468649,Posted: 4 October,all,Murf,Really enjoying the game so far. The art style is fantastic!
,Recommended,501350,35212225,Posted: 25 September,all,Double Dose VR,Video of Gameplay:https://youtu.be/NVgOfSKZikYThis game is an absolute blast!  The graphics are done very well with the Sin City meets Borderlands look.  There is an option to choose between playing this on rails or free locomotion.  It's somewhat difficult even on the normal setting at first so no worries about this game being to easy. Worth every penny!
,Recommended,501350,35275792,Posted: 28 September,all,Denis Page,"Game Play without comments.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dv77hNXl7uI1LineReview: Nice action game with a terrible music, pre defined 'walking'. Buy IT with promotion (now is 40% off)."
,Recommended,501350,35504182,Posted: 5 October,all,GreiBush,"Pros:The artistic style is great, and it looks good in VR.I like the music.Cons (kinda'):It depends on personal preference really, but the gameplay has the simplicity of an arcade style game.  You shoot, dodge, sometimes take cover, and there are a few weapon options.The music would be better if each style had a longer track, or more than one track.There doesn't seem to be a menu button that can be accessed mid-game.Verdict:It's pretty good for $19.  If you want a shooter, and you like the artistic style, go for it."
76561198071762986,Not Recommended,501350,35357917,Posted: 30 September,all,Matthos Seaworth,"This game looked pretty good in the trailer, but after playing it I can’t say I would recommend it for the current price. It’s fun for about an hour, but then you realize that it is the exact same thing over and over again. Every level is get from point A to point B and shoot the same exact enemies. If the enemies have a gun, they stand in place. If they are melee enemies they run at you in a straight line. The guns also have a laser on them so you don’t have to look down the sights at all. You could keep the controller at your hip and still get headshots for days. One thing that really bugged me was the audio. The music was good, but if there was any dialogue the music would fade out almost completely. And noises like guns right next to you or a roaring T-Rex, you would expect a loud noise with deep rumbling bass. Neither of those were present. And when the T-Rex would roar, all other audio would dim way down so all you would hear is this quiet, flat roar. Honestly sounded like the alligator from “Rainforest café” if you’ve ever been there back in the day. So, I would only buy it if it were on sale for $5. It was fun, but not $20 fun."
,Not Recommended,501350,35392002,Posted: 1 October,all,MysticK,"After a short amount of play, this title leaves me unimpressed.  At the normal settings, it seems frustratingly difficult.  I see this title has been compared to others like Superhot or RecRoom.  It's not in the same league as those great games.  It has a neat, comic book stylized look, but it's not as polished.  I think more attention has been paid to the cosmetics of the game, than the actual gameplay and enjoyment factors.  I'll play more and revise my review if necessary, but thus far, I have to say it wasn't worth it as a pay game.  Not interesting enough.  Too easy to die, and then you have to repeat things.  Not very fun.  Especially disappointed in those that compared this game to others that are orders of magnitudes more superior."
76561198057471819,Not Recommended,501350,35245778,Posted: 27 September,all,zachary_putnam,"Let me get this straight, THIS GAME SUCKS!!I didn't want to say this, since this game had so much pontitional.  It's an on-rail shooter taking place in a comic book styled world where you can choose it to not be on-rails, and you know, i love on-rail shooter arcades!  And the fact that you can play on VR?  AMAZING!!!  But that's where the good stuff ends.  This game was so bad that i totally relized what makes On-rail shooters really great!  For one, no mater what controls you pick, you will have a bad experence.  If you move manually, it will be tedious, boring, and exploitable since you move way too slow and shooters stand in only one spot, so they never chase you almost like they have the brains of a plank of wood.  If you have the game move you on-rail style, you will be exposed to bullcrap waves of enemies causing lots of cheap deaths!  The levels themselves are just boring hallways with nothing special about them no mater what theme they have and no set peices that an on-rail shooter should have!  Then there is the bad bad hit-deaction for when you shoot at your enemies!  There are way too many times where i point my gun right at them, fire, but nothing happens, almost like i have no real control over it's accuracy!  That makes it a massive chore to fight some enemies and cannot be afforded during massive waves!  Then we have the damage output.  It's just as RNG as whatever you hit an enemy or not.  Sometimes it does little damage, sometimes it's a complete insta-kill!  Even on easy, they still have a chance of doing way too much damage.  It's bad when the game rarly gives you health orbs when it feels like it!  Even the enemy verity is utter poop.  There are only 2 or 3 enemy times:The shootersThe airborne shootersand the chargersAnd that's it.   And no, I'm not counting the countless reskins, since they are the excat same no mater what!  Don't even get me started on the lazy bosses!  They range from:Kill boss within hidden time limitshoot on orbs on portal while fighting infintally spawning enemies then throw stuff at bullet sponge before insta-killthe non-existent bosses where you fight a huge wave of enemiesI don't know if there is any more types since i ragequit at stage 4 but i know without a doubt that these are some of the worst bosses i had faced!  And now the worst problem, checkpoint placement as bad as.... they are just bad.  No mater how far you get in a tedious level, you do not get any checkpoints until it's done!  Get through a room that is unfair and bogus like for example the large room in stage 2?  Too bad!  No checkpoints until you're done!  Make it too the boss?  STILL NO CHECKPOINTS!!  So in other terms, you only have one life!  This is a major example of artifical difficultity!  So yeah, this is the worst VR game i had played so far and eaisly get's into my games that suck category!  But still, it's just my opinion, and i respect that if you find the game good."
,Not Recommended,501350,35233416,Posted: 26 September,all,Zombiehugz,"TLDR : I was stoked for this, yes the art style is cool, thats it. Didnt get much fun factor other than very bland. Will return if added content comes."
76561198020445786,Not Recommended,501350,35251053,Posted: 27 September,all,M1ng0J1ng0,"6.9 out of 10I played the demo weeks ago and quite enjoyed the experience and was left looking forward to the full release. Bought the game and since refunded after a couple of short sessions. As it turns for me at least the demo was enough of this game for me.The linear level design and effectively scripted enemy makes replaybility unappealing to me. More so as I found many of the enemy enounters unexciting. Open door, enemy camping, around corner, enemy camping. Shooting enemy stand still while taking shots every few seconds. Then you have the melee enemy who run at you in a straight line, it's not very challenging.The gunplay is nicely balanced, it's just the gameplay has little to enjoy after a single playthrough. The game can be beat in under 2 hours on your first go, so to me that doesn't feel like good enough value."
76561197969372252,Not Recommended,501350,35249412,Posted: 27 September,all,Esge,"Really like the design, polish and graphical style. The music's decent enough too.BUT this is just not fun. I only played it for 40 mins but tried all of the loco options and found them all hard work.The targetting seems to be off and I just couldn't seem to get a consistent decent hit ratio..unlike Space Pirate Trainer.I've read a few people saying it's hard and due to this, it's a decent game...but the difficulty for me comes with the loco, the dodgy firing and dull enemies.I just didn't like this and requested a refund :("
