user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,501590,31054101,Posted: 9 April,all,BippoErnesti,"This is a hard one to review. I played the original Bulletstorm a fair amount of times and I gave it my recommendation, but this game is a very marginal upgrade. Hell, I don't even know what's different outside of the (disappointingly half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Duke Nukem DLC and the fact that this doesn't use Games for Windows Live.Summary before I go into details, buy this only on sale, don't buy this if you already own the original Bulletstorm, and DEFINITELY do not buy it for the Duke Nukem DLC. While I thoroughly enjoyed the game, the current price point is exceedingly high. It's hard to say the game will even be worth it at half price.Now, since the old version's been booted from Steam and I can't reference my old review, I have to re-review the game.I may be in the minority, but I loved this game's shootybang fun time. The gameplay was enjoyable and most of the guns felt satisfying to use as well as the various Skillshots you could pull off. The overly linear nature of the level design is obviously a bit frustrating and restrictive though, which is one of the game's weakest points.I've played the story campaign through 3, maybe 4 times by now and every time I've almost completely forgotten the overall plot, which speaks volumes of the impact (or lack thereof) it had on me. The story -- though sprinkled all over the game -- however, feels very clichéd, with some of the writing feeling like they were trying a bit too hard to be funny.Can't really say anything about the multiplayer because I don't do multiplayer in most games. Willing to bet there are better multiplayer games for cheaper though if that's what you get your kicks from.The graphics are of ""its era"", even in this ""new and improved"" version of the game, not bad, but not stunning either. They're good enough as they areBecause I love being redundant, I shall say again that overall the game is good, but it is not worth the price it is currently listed at. If it were reduced by at least 70-80% it would be more reasonable.I want to stay a fan of Gearbox, I genuinely do, but they make it so damn hard sometimes."
,Not Recommended,501590,31043649,Posted: 9 April,all,Narcotic_Malkavian,"People will thumb up anything now.They didn't even bother to sync up Duke's voice to his lips during cutscenes and the characters still call him Gray.I do not really see the graphics are improved that much if at all really.It crashed on me 3 times when just trying to load to the menu screen and I had to fix it myself because you know a game that came out 6 years ago that has just been re-released really should be crashing am I right?Here's the deal you have a really great 2011 game mixed with a insanely high price tag for what you get, with a stupid DLC at release, and lack of graphic options.If you find it on sale and they update the game some to fix some other issues people are experiencing and add a proper graphics menu because this is a PC game albeit an old one I say get it.  For what it is now it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t just nostalgic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and once the nostalgia glasses wear out most people even if they won't admit it will see it just wasn't worth the money for what looks like a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥release."
,Not Recommended,501590,31002001,Posted: 7 April,all,Jack,"Fun game. Lazy remaster. Duke isn't enough to justify the price, they didn't even cleverly try to write him in around the script they just put him awkwardly in. Also the game looks and feels the exact same as before no real reason to have this version for PC."
,Not Recommended,501590,33030890,Posted: 30 June,all,Noscrimxetrov☣,Bulletstorm is worth it but... why 33€ for something that hasn't changed a bit....Edit: Game has become even more expensive (face palm's the company)
,Not Recommended,501590,31045576,Posted: 9 April,all,TheGOro,"In overall, this is a damn good first-person shooter with a unique style. However, the visual facelift and the additional ""content"", which adds nothing to the original story, do not justifiy the price tag for me. If you have not played with the original one, then you should definetly try it out, when it is on sale! Otherwise, I would like to warn you, as it does not really give anything to the original experience."
76561198073265099,Not Recommended,501590,31021172,Posted: 8 April,all,SwankyPants,"Nostalgia made me buy this and it's exactly how I remember it, which is good in a way but this is a REMASTER. I can't honestly see the difference between this and the original. Framerates are good (i3770, 8gb RAM, 970, which is an improvement) but sometimes fails to actually startup, just crashes to desktop.Put it like this: Do you want to play a version of Bulletstorm that runs better than the original (and for some reason has Duke Nukem in it) for £30? Prolly not. I like the game (as I did 6 years ago) but can't recommend due it being practically a re-release of a 6 year old game with not a lot of new content (so far) and a price tag that is too high.Wait for a sale (at like, 50% off)."
,Not Recommended,501590,31011123,Posted: 7 April,all,BUTTFACE MCPOOP,"****************VERY IMPORTANT*******************Why is ""nudity"" in the genre defining tags?Bulletstorm is great. Remaster is better from a graphical point. Duke nukem tour is pretty slap dash. Its just Duke dubbing over the ""protagonist"". Its still Bulletstorm and its still a lot of fun but its far FAR too expensive for what you get. If you can get it for 20.00-25.00 or maybe even 30.00 then i'd say it'd be worth it.Also when you refund these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s won't give you money back for duke nukem tour, just a heads up."
,Not Recommended,501590,31125680,Posted: 13 April,all,ElectricHellKnight,"Still plagued with all the same bugs that were in the original. Absolutely not worth the money. About the only thing it seems they've ""remastered"" was remove Games For Windows Live. That's good, but it doesn't justify rebuying the whole game."
,Not Recommended,501590,31001710,Posted: 7 April,all,V3N0M,"Insane motion blur that has no option to be turned off, headache and a refund for mePerformance is great and the original game was good, but option menu is a joke with like two visual quality options, with non-removable motion blur, may not be bad for some people but a LOT of people are sensitive to motion blur. It's 2017, you should be able to change thisAlso the Duke Nukem add on is legitimately cringey and the dialogue doesn't fit the game, it sounds extremely out of place when your friend is dying and it's not voice acted properly at allI'm sure there's an .ini thing that can turn it off, but I'm not going to lengths to fix a remaster that's already pretty overpriced, I'd rather have my money for another working game."
,Not Recommended,501590,33817333,Posted: 26 July,all,Kidmobius,lazy port and they took down original so you HAVE to buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version
76561198178413750,Not Recommended,501590,31044855,Posted: 9 April,all,Radiolysis,Still an awesome game but I can't recommend it based on the price and the most laughable lip sync job in almost two decades with the Duke Nukem DLC.  There is literally not one matching lip movement with Duke's dialog.  Its embarassing.
76561197992974160,Not Recommended,501590,31630836,Posted: 8 May,all,gelfan_dothea,"Bulletstorm has always been one of my favorite games. I knew Full Clip Edition wasn't worth $50 going in, however I purchased a copy anyway purely in support of a potential sequel. I actually purchased a second copy for a friend, so that we could play coop, but unfortunately frequent connection crashes have forced me to submit for a refund on his copy. Please bear in mind that this is not the reason I decided to withold my recommendation for this game. I'm a software developer myself. I understand that bugs appear in production all the time. I chose not to recommend this game based on the fact that it offers absolutely nothing of value over the original.So here's the short of it (for PC owners)...1. If you own the original, then there's nothing here for you. The graphics are the same. In fact, they appear to be slightly worse in some areas.2. There are no new killshots, that I've seen, so nothing new in the challenge department. (Unless you actually cared about the echo missions).3. GFWL has been removed, however due to no one playing online and constant online disconnects this really isn't a benefit. And to be honest, this really shouldn't be listed as a positive since People Can Fly should have fixed this the moment support for GFWL was ended and their game no longer worked.4. There ARE several new online coop maps, but as I stated earlier the connection crashes (verified issue) well before you can complete an entire match, so new areas are of little use to anyone at this point.5. The Duke Nukem add-on, while subjective, interrupts the natural flow of the SP game. While this should be old news to most, it should be noted that only Grayson's dialog has been changed, so for those who have played the orginal Bulletstorm you can imagine how awkward the storyline becomes. Plus, I think many would agree when I say that Duke Nukem, badass as he may be, is no match for Grayson. So unless you're a die hard fan-boy of the Duke there's nothing here for you.In conclusion, I highly recommend Bulletstorm for those who are new to it, but those who already own(ed) the original should definitely wait until this falls below the $20 mark. And even then only if you're doing it in support of the Bulletstorm 2 fund."
,Recommended,501590,32700567,Posted: 23 June,all,Fate,"Imagine that you have a friend. Depending on who you are, I realize that might be difficult, but stick with me here.This friend is... unsavory. Disreputable, even, but he knows a good time when he sees it, and jumps wholeheartedly in to experience everything that good time has to offer.This friend is Bulletstorm. Darkly comic at its best, purile at its worst, Bulletstorm is home to some of the best shooting you'll ever see. It's got highs in its core gameplay loop that make all but the most expertly-designed first person shooters look like sad clones of the original Doom, and it's got surprisingly tenacious emotional downbeats in its plot.In the end, Bulletstorm is the guy who goes with you to a party and ends up defecating in Grandma's urn. You don't really want to be associated with him, necessarily, but ha ha oh wow there's good times here."
76561198004203597,Not Recommended,501590,31231991,Posted: 18 April,all,Phoenix Ferox,"Time was wasted on the remake that could have been used on the sequel.Game is excellent, GFWL is gone, EA is out of the picture, negative review is due to squandered potential and no discount to previous owners.Will update review once the sequel comes out, if it ever does."
,Not Recommended,501590,31013531,Posted: 8 April,all,Jamien,"Feels like an old console port. Horrible ""co-op"" with no option to disable ingame voice chat. Definitely not worth full price"
76561198019938571,Not Recommended,501590,31579306,Posted: 6 May,all,MindlessAura1,"totally not worth it if you already have the game. its literally a $15 DLC with the game but if you already have the game, youre wasting your money, there is no difference in game detail."
76561198044770902,Not Recommended,501590,31240030,Posted: 19 April,all,ELECTRIC WIND GODFIST,"I bought it mainly for the Duke Nukem Tour because im a HUGE Duke Fan but god damn this was not worth it!In every Cutscene Duke seems completly out of Place and gets somehow called Gray from the other Characters which is kind of ridiculous, also he get pushed around from other characters wtf???  Nobody pushes Duke Nukem around!In my Opinion a very lazy Feature and badly done!If you consider buying it for the Duke Tour do yourself a favor and dont buy it! not worth at all sadly"
76561197984998833,Recommended,501590,31019408,Posted: 8 April,all,gulpirak,"Love it, but hate the lack of graphics settings. Here's how I got rid of the motion blur, DOF, and TAA:<your Steam directory>:\Steam\steamapps\common\Bulletstorm Full Clip Edition\Engine\Config\BaseSystemSettings.ini(Don't use the quotes.)Search for ""MotionBlur"" -  Change to ""False""Search for ""DepthOfField"" - Change to ""False""Search for ""bAllowTemporalAA"" - Change to ""False""I don't know if it's necessary, but in<your Steam directory>:\Steam\steamapps\common\Bulletstorm Full Clip Edition\Engine\Config\BaseEngine.iniI also changed""bAllowTemporalAA"" to False.Hope it helps!"
,Not Recommended,501590,31024652,Posted: 8 April,all,twitch.tv/Dravenation,"DISCLAIMER: The thumb down is for this lazy slapped together remaster, Bulletstorm as a game is excellentWith barely any new content to ship with this game I just cannot recommend this game at the current price tag, it's just unreasonable. Even the Duke Nukem DLC feels pretty slapped together tbh, after replaying the game thru again I noticed that most of the lines are the same. Just with that silky smooth Jon St. John voice. Idk man, it just feels like this game could have been more. I am pretty certain that they are simply just using this to judge if there's interest in a sequel, but if you've played this game before I just can't recommend full price. Wait for a sale.Pretty crap remaster pretty ♥♥♥♥in stupid that there's only 3 graphics options as of right nowhowever you can find the ini files in your steamapps folder if you look hard enough(♥♥♥♥ forced motion blur and vsync)I bought this just for the Duke Nukem DLC tbh"
76561197982926005,Recommended,501590,32827433,Posted: 26 June,all,Colt,"Surprisingly, Bulletstorm with the inclusion of the Duke Nukem's Bulletstorm Tour turns out to be the best Duke Nukem game in ages.While only the main character's lines have been redone to make him the Duke, it works really well and provides tons of laughs. As played from Duke perspective, he finds himself mysteriously taking the place of Greyson Hunt with only him aware of this and the other characters seemingly unable to recognize him as anyone else. This creates a running gag where he keeps reminding people he is Duke ""effing"" Nukem, to no avail."
76561198054683759,Not Recommended,501590,31565701,Posted: 5 May,all,Jim Panzee,"Short version: As fun as the kill-reward-system may seem, this feature alone doesn't save the game from a horrendous gunplay, annoying characters and the constant feeling that Doom is in many ways a better Bulletstorm than Bulletstorm. If you can afford Doom, get that instead. If you REALLY want to play Bulletstorm, wait for a price of about 15 Euros/Dollars/Moneys or below.Long Version: So, the feature that has made Bulletstorm (in)famous is the reward-system that gives you points for whacky kills. As fun as that sounds, in reality the ones you often get are those for hiting specific bodyparts, for using specific weapons, killing enemies or for hiding behind something deadly and pulling enemies in. The others are usually too hard to be achieved without taking severe damage or they consist of kicking or flicking an enemy into something or flinging something onto enemies. So the main premise, killing with style, doesn't really work together with the gameplay (I'll adress the gunplay specifically later on).Do you want to know how the gameplay works? Imagine a bad console-port of basically every modern military shooter since CoD 4. Your usual walking, sprinting, ironsights, ducking and covering with the addition of sliding! But you can't jump at all, which feels VERY out of place for a supposedly action-packed game. Also, talking about a bad console-port: TPS-games on console usually have running, sliding and jumping over cover on the same button. FPS-games on a pc don't usually have this because it would handle very badly and you already have that many buttons, you could probably spare three different buttons for three different actions. This game, however, is something special in that way, that all three named actions are on the spacebar which often leads to you sliding into cover while being shot in the back rather than jumping over it into safety.The characters are all annoying, exaggerated tough-guys/girls, flinging awkward, unnaturally sounding insults left and right. This doesn't matter too much because you can skip almost every cutscene, but in good ol' MMS-style, you have those sequences where you are forced to have a hearty talk with the people that you as the player don't like, be it in an elevator or an expositional corridor through which you have to casually meander through rather than sprinting, unable to use your gun.Then the gunplay: You'd expect that a game that gives you all those guns, some of them even more unique then a ""sci-fied""-version of an already existing weapon, aswell as the premise to reward you for whacky kills, lets you carry all of your guns simultaneously like Quake and Doom have let you in the last Millenium. But you're wrong. You can only carry three guns at the same time, one of which is always the incredibly weak and unsatisfying assault-rifle of your main character that takes several headshots to kill even the weakest of enemies and a quarter of it's 50-round-magazine to kill if aimed anywhere else. Unfortunately, this is also probably the weapon you'll be using most of the time, if you don't want to almost die trying to kill enemies with your whip and boots, as it has up to 600 shots overall and enemies mostly use it to. Compare that to all other weapons that have between 20 and 60 shots overall and are, in comparison to the AR, rather infrequently dropped by dead enemies. So, depending on the level you play and your favourite weapons, you can run out of ammo for both of your favourite weapons before even being halfway to the next trader. An ammo-management-system like that screams ""Carry all of your weapons at once and be forced out of your comfort zone of always using the same weapon so that you are forced to experiment with other weapons and the enviroment.""Lastly, the weapons themselves:Every weapon has a normal firemode and a special shot. Both use different ammo-pools and you have between 3 and 9 specialshots per weapon.The already mentioned AR is very weak and unsatisfying, It's specialshot is a rail-gun like shot. What are railguns known for? High power, high accuracy, high precision. Do you know how the railgun in this game is? High power, high accuracy, low precision, meaning that your weapon shakes to the point of being unable to shoot precisely beyond a few meters because while ADS, the laser-sight shakes way too much but the shot lands where the sight points.The revolver feels like your typically revolver, maybe a bit to weak. It's special shot, a flaregun/rocket is powerful enough for a specialshot but explodes a bit too fast so that it is hard to actually get decent points with this shot.The shotgun feels like an oversized leafblower, doing very little damage beyond literally putting the barrel up to the enemies head but mostly pushing them around. The specialshot is a heatwave that is powerfull and does AoE-damage but is very expensive.The Flailgun is something uncommon as it shoots two grenades strung together by a chain which wraps around anything they contact. The supershot is a lesser version of the shotguns supershot, using the chain as a knife that travels forwards slicing anyhing it meets.The sniper-rifle works like every SR you have ever seen with the exception that you can steer the bullet the last few meters of it's way. That sounds nice and it looks cool the first few dozen times, but once you reach the segments where using the sniper is mandatory it gets really boring really fast. Not to mention that even the slowest of enemies will always evade your shot so you have to adjust the bullet on those last meters which is all the more annoying when you really just want to pop some heads fast. It's supershot is the same bullet just that it explodes on contact or by the players command.The grenade-launcher shoots a grenade that explodes on the players command with a super shot that explodes on every contact with a surface. Nothing really interesting.Lastly, the penetrator that fires two kinds of drills. It works like any harpoon gun in every game ever.To sum it all up: If you want a fast, fun action game with sick kills, play Doom 4 or any sci-fi-shooter from the 90s and early 2000s."
,Not Recommended,501590,31008749,Posted: 7 April,all,Frog,"I alt+tabbed out for a second and the game dissapeared. Couldnt alt+tab back. Nothing in my task bar. Game was still running (could see in Task Manager and steam wouldn't relaunch) but I couldnt get back into it. Had to force quit.Might wanna not buy it until they wait for the community to do quality testing, because the devs didn't."
,Not Recommended,501590,31005300,Posted: 7 April,all,Polite People,"The game doesn't work for me - tried three times and every time it completely freezed my system on loading, even Ctrl+Alt+Delete wouldn't work!I was forced to press the Reset button on my PC every time I tried to run the game...Cannot recommend it to anyone because I didn't get to experience it.UPD. The devs seem very nice and friendly so maybe go give this game a chance, it does work for plenty of people, after all."
76561198023362167,Not Recommended,501590,31071397,Posted: 10 April,all,RichardRasmus,"great game, get it at 30 bucks"
,Recommended,501590,31022188,Posted: 8 April,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition doesn't offer a great deal of new content, but new visual polish and the quality and fun of the original game means that the package holds up well.Even if Full Clip Edition isn't the best upgrade around, at least it truly is the most definitive package.PROS+Solid, creative combat+Good sense of progression+Nice variety of weapons and enviroments+Stupid, gruesome fun+skillshot mechanics+High-octane actionCONS-Bland story-One note characters-Not enough content-Humour can be dubious-Duke Nukem DLC a waste of timeStill one of the most underrated, unique, and just plain fun shooters I've ever played. It's multiplayer may be an acquired taste, but the Single Players is one of the best paced campaigns of all time. The skill-point score system is just as addicting as it ever was and the dialog is just as LOL as it was back in 2011. It might be a little short (about 6 hours long) and the drama is a bit all over the place, but this still an excellent game. Here's hoping it does well so that EA will make a damn sequel already or Gearbox buys the rights from them so they can make one. The world needs more games where you get points by shooting a guys♥♥♥♥♥♥off, with a pistol that shoots rocket bullets.Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition is an unsatisfying remaster of an excellent game. Everything that made Bulletstorm a delight has been faithfully replicated, and the game runs extremely well. It's still one of the most enjoyable shooters in the past decade, and it's aged remarkably well. At the end of the day, it's about as bare-bones of a remaster as they come, but it still bears the price of a brand-new title. That's difficult to justify when the original is available for around $5 . If price is no object, Bulletstorm is still a top-notch game, but otherwise, it's probably better to wait for a price drop.Verdict:3.5/5An action game that is fun in the moment, but is quickly forgettable thanks to a poor story, one-note characters, and mixed visuals. While the actual gameplay itself is incredibly enjoyable, there just isn’t enough new content to justify this game’s existence.At a budget price reflecting the age of the game and the lack of new content, this would be such an easy recommendation. Especially as I could so easily recommend you not waste your money on the cruddy half-arsed Duke DLC mode. At $30 that’s a tougher call for you to make."
76561198190325030,Not Recommended,501590,31396262,Posted: 27 April,all,LlamaLemone,"The game looks great and I'd love to play it. I purchased it and it crashes everytime I try to load multiplayer, echoes or campaine so I can't play it... this game needs to be fixed."
,Not Recommended,501590,35002307,Posted: 16 September,all,mcbargava,"The game is almost the same as the original version, with very few graphical tweaks and even the Duke Nukem DLC (i got as i pre-ordered), i found was not very funny or unique. I will only recommend a buy when it is discounted around 75% sale only. If you already have the original game then there is very little to really purchase this."
,Not Recommended,501590,31387997,Posted: 26 April,all,Space Gonstead,"Bought the game and it couldn't even get to the main menu without freezing. Did every possible work around (Uninstall + reinstall, verify game cache, developer ""beta"" etc) and still nothing. Really couldn't be bothered to go through customer support, so I just went ahead and applied for a (successful) refund.Maybe in the future when this game is patched properly, I'll give it another go. Until then, I've got better things to do."
,Not Recommended,501590,31004268,Posted: 7 April,all,Izzatso?,"You don't know Bulletstorm?Well!Better Textures, higher Resolution...NO LIVE for Windows....BUY don't wait... Buy... Yes it's that good...Butfor Owners... i can't recommend this Game @ Full PriceEvery Bug from previous Version is on Board...The Graphics are more blurry / muddy than the previous Version.NO DIFFERENCE in Storyline or GameplayIn the End it's a high priced PaintjobSo recap:If you are a Owner of the previous Version, step away and wait for a Sale at 50% Discount.But:If you are a new Customer to the BS Franchise... (HAHA Pitchfork... no pun intended)A must buy if you like Old School DOOM Clone Shooters....."
,Not Recommended,501590,31228071,Posted: 18 April,all,Punisher0_0,"It is a god base game that runs as well as my xbox 360 coppy of the game. From what I played as duke the gameplay is good and it runs well for a 2011 game. However, the textures deffinetly are showing age that the art style shows an ok job of covering up. At the end of the day the game was made playable out of the box and given a few addons that didn't make the original cut. Duke doesn't feel like he belongs with his dialog feeling alien due to the other character's unchanged dialog. At the end of the day it is a solid $25 to $30 at preorder for the content given. If the textures were improved to 2017 standards and all the dialog was rewritten to accomidate duke's personality, maybe even a few of his toys. I would concider the pre-order price acceptable since it would practically be a new game. However this is not the case and it is meerly a bugfixed version of the original with a character mesh clipping duke that feels out of place. That is why I have refunded the game and will concider buying when it's half off since that is the game's true value in my opinion."
76561198038934558,Not Recommended,501590,33363103,Posted: 7 July,all,hipstagram,"i recommend this game but very hesitantly. When I first started I hated all of the character's because they were the sterotypical big burly men with voice like they gargle gravel (main character is voiced by steven blum (voice of mugen and Jet and wolverine) if that gives you the level of gravel I'm talking about). it wasn't until an hour into the game that they grew on me. The gameplay is rewarding because as you creatively kill enemies you get more points which made it engaging. the combos between the leash and the kick is fun to use and add some humor to the fighting. eventually you find a combo that you stick to for the rest of the game so to fully enjoy the game you should try as many combos and kills as possible. this is a game that can easily suck if you try to steam through it like a COD campaign. not worth the full 49.99, i wouldn't pay more than $25. As a side note when you confront the bad guy for the second time two characters seem like they were supposed to have a conversation with each other complete with gestures and facial expressions but they never spoke and it was hilarious.EDIT: I don't recommend this anymore. just beat the game and they obviously made this for a money grab because it has a very unsatisfying ending that doesn't answer any questions or resolve any issues from the story. the ending is just poof, all the people you fought are just gone, yet the main enemy gets away with no satisfaction. The reason I keep the previous paragraph is because if you like the gameplay and give less then two ♥♥♥♥♥ about story then this is for you."
,Not Recommended,501590,31019920,Posted: 8 April,all,MaleSensitivity,This game still runs like dog crap.  Screen tearing and optimization issues everywhere.  I don't want to see another release of this title.  It is time for it to be lost in the annals of history.  This is a lazy remaster with the same poor texture quality as the original.
,Not Recommended,501590,31072655,Posted: 10 April,all,Bob Ross,"it keeps crashing at start up and while playing the game. Other are also reporting the crashes as well guys please fix this, this game is great so please fix it. For right now i cannot recommand this game until this is fixed once this is fix i will edit this and recommand this game."
76561198025276601,Not Recommended,501590,31186044,Posted: 16 April,all,exnem,"The game won't even start. It goes past the first intro videos then hangs the whole computer, only option is to reboot which is killing my PC... And for that price, definitely would not recommend this game to anyone."
76561198053304642,Not Recommended,501590,31086875,Posted: 11 April,all,LostAngel1000,"I sadly can't review this well currently due to it locking up my PC at times when I launch it or if it does launch right when I go to the main menu.  If they fix this issue I am many other are having currently I will review it better, for now I will say buy at your own risk knowing there are people on Steam having crashing and freezing issues with it."
,Not Recommended,501590,31107174,Posted: 12 April,all,Lob,"Mouse sensitivity...  Hip fire sensitivity is configurable, but ADS (aiming down sights) sensitivity is not.  This rendered the game totally unplayable for me and I had to get a refund.  My mouse is set to be very sensitive in hardware, so your mileage may vary."
,Recommended,501590,31073714,Posted: 11 April,all,Redxplatinum,"Recommended for $20 or less.As a brand new game, sure the current price tag of $50 is acceptable. It's not a brand new game, but a remaster of an older game, therefore I did feel cheated.  This is my first experience with Bulletstorm and I'm throughly enjoying it. I can't comment on how it compares to the older version, but it looks pretty good. I've also found a way to turn off motion blur. Despite the name Bulletstorm, you won't be going out gun blazing putting new holes in your enemies, no. Instead you'll be more likely to perform skillshots which, if I were to describe it, creative ways to kill your enemies. For example, you can kick your enemies to a cactus, put bullets up their behinds, blow them up with their own guns etc etc... Using various skillshots will grant you more skill points than simply gun blazing, which you can use to upgrade your equipment.As for the Duke Tour; it's nice, new recorded lines and all. There are cheaper ways to play as The King in other games:L4D2Serious Sam 3ToxikkResident Evil 5They are not official releases but they're pretty cool."
76561198313499789,Not Recommended,501590,31371070,Posted: 26 April,all,ivarunkedia,"Crash on starting ..GTx 1070 and i 7 , any one can help ?"
76561198025321433,Recommended,501590,31219012,Posted: 18 April,all,American Currency,"Yeah, the game is very expensive for a remaster and yes, the Duke Nukem DLC doesn't make any sense. Gearbox is caught up in some bad news (though they are only the publisher of this game) and the owners of the original Bulletstorm don't get this for free or even a reduced price (though for reasons they have already explained - basically, they can't do it, different publisher and all).Honestly though, Bulletstorm remains my favourite Singleplayer FPS, from it's release in 2011 to this very day. The graphics have been polished but the gameplay is still the same - kill hordes of bad guys with different weapons on an alien planet and, most importantly, in many different ways. The game rates all of your different ways of killing the enemy as skillshots and puts them in a database - more difficult or innovative kills give more points, allowing you to buy upgrades.The story is kinda eh, the main character is an unlikable idiot (as intended), but the game is jam packed with adult humour, plenty of gore and just fun. Plus, especially with the remastered graphics, it is just beautiful.In conclusion, it is an insanely fun, but short linear FPS with a servicable story, beautiful enviroments and tons of creativity - I wish more shooters adapted the way this game rewards you for killing.If you don't pick it up now and haven't played the original Bulletstorm, then definitely pick this one up on a sale - it is worth about 20$ to 25$ for sure, but I bought it full price because my heart yearns for nothing more but a second installment of Bulletstorm.Personal Rating: 8/10 (great)"
76561198343148385,Recommended,501590,31071356,Posted: 10 April,all,Mons7erz,"Okay, so-This is really F-ing hard to review, as somone who has played the original.Giving this a thumbs up, not for the people who have played the original, but for people playing the first time.Bulletstorm is a great mix of shooter and Parkour-like stunts. Whilst engaging the player with the game environment, More so than anyone other shooter ive played.Pros:+MOSTLY Fluent gameplay+Hours of fun and sliding around killing sh*t+Great player engagement (For a ""On The Rails"" Shooter)+Fun Story, even with its downfalls+Controls Are not clunky.+Skill Shots are coolCons:-First and foremost: THIS IS NOT A REMASTER, ITS BARELY A RE-SKIN-Same game-breaking bugs as the original game (Got through them the same way as I did on the orignal)NOTE:  If anyone has trouble getting to the Dropship in the later stages of the game-KILL ALL THE ENEMIES THAT ARE ON THE RUNWAY-THING.-Optimisation could be better-Game settings are bland AF-Duke Nukem.-Lacks Challenge. Yes. IT. LACKS. CHALLENGE. I went through the game on ""VERY HARD"" and get through it with ease.-No real additional content.-No♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Sequel.MULTIPLAYER: (Or what ""counts"" as multiplayer):Pros:+Coordination is absoultley Key+Voice overs are funny for a little while+Team skill shots.+Unique af+constant ""Challenges""+Blood Symphony+Map-Specific Skill Shots.Cons:-Only game mode is anarchy-Matchmking is all done through ""Quick match""-No Server Browsre-Lack of content. (only a few maps to play on)-Having a Decent connection to a server is rare.-Has a player base, but not an Overly Large one (?)-4 Players at a time.-No DLC For Multiplayer-Overall, MP is outdated.Now Take this review with a grain of salt. Just because its a thumps up doesnt mean its Absouletly amazing. I paid 50 for my Copy (Which there are no Physical copies, Or so ive been told..), And that is a ridiculous price for what you get.The ONLY time i reccomend getting this game is on a Steam Sale. I love this game, and nostalgia has impacted on how ive looked at it, but if you're coming to it for the first time, DO NOT buy it at full price, its not worth it.One more note: Multiplayer NEEDS to be updated. I already addressed this, But just in case the Devs are watching (wouldnt think they are..) This is 2017. Not 2011, nor is it 2003. Which is about the point in time YOUR Multiplayer is dated. MORE MAPS, MORE GAME MODES and BETTER SERVERS. I get it, it comes with player base, but you're not doign yourself many favours.I really love this game, I really do but seriously? It needs some TLC and Retro-fitting for this day and age."
76561198047947465,Not Recommended,501590,31291408,Posted: 22 April,all,JakeyBoy,1.The game wouldnt even load up.2. It's my fault for giving shitbox another chance.3. Now that i think about it......why did they even bring this game back let alone add Duke?i am soooooo glad i had the sence to get my refund!
,Recommended,501590,31048987,Posted: 9 April,all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/QbaoSsZzKWUTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition is the remastered version of 2011’s fast-paced action-packed FPS Bulletstorm.You play as Grayson, a leader of the Dead Echo black ops squad. You find out that many of the missions you took part in were actually civilian assassinations and coverups. Feeling manipulated and used by your superiors, you desert and go on the run. Years later, you come across your old commander. After deliberately crashing into his ship, and becoming stranded on an unfamiliar planet, you are now trying to find a way to get revenge, and escape the planet. The story makes sense, and fits well with the gameplay, but it is predictable.The gameplay is what makes Bulletstorm great. I absolutely love the combat - it’s a hell of a lot of fun! The skill shot system that the game uses encourages you to slaughter your foes in the most outrageous ways you can. Running around, blasting enemies to smithereens, sliding into them, kicking them off ledges, pulling enemies to you, and then impaling them on parts of the environment is extremely satisfying.You’ll want to  combo you skill shots to earn even more skill points. These points allow you to unlock more weapons, buy upgrades, as well as purchase ammo and special charged shots to help you maximize the carnage. The weapon progression system in the campaign is paced well; you can easily unlock everything by the end of the game, and still have plenty of points leftover to stock up on ammo and charged shots.Along with the main campaign, there is also a score attack mode, an echo mode, and a co-op mode. In these modes, it’s all about the action. You get to choose which levels of the game you want to play on, race against the clock and rack up as many points as you can.Pros:the combat is fantastically fun, and the skill shot system is excellent; it encourages you to kill everything in the most outlandish ways possibleaside from the main campaign (which took me ~7 hours), a score attack mode, an echo mode, and a co-op mode give added replay value to the gamethe graphics in the remaster do have some visual improvements: the environments and characters seem a little brighter, clearer, and smoother when compared to the original gamethe crude dialog, and cheesy lines are both funny and cringe-worthy at the same time, and exactly what you would hope to see from the game; the voice acting is fine as well - it’s nothing to write home about, but it’s not bad eitherthe sound effects are good, and the music is great; when the combat music starts, it gets you pumped up, and excited to start killing everything in sightperformance is fantastic (60fps consistently with GTX 1070, i7-6700k 32GB RAM - you can get up to 240fps only IF you turn vsync off)keybindings are fully customizable and there is full controller supportCons:a couple of bugs where you and/or your AI companions get caught on the terrain and run in place, and one really buggy spot required two reloads of the previous checkpoint twice to get it to be able to progress properly (at least the reloading fixed it)(nitpick) playing as Duke Nukem is fun, but Duke’s lines feel out of place in the campaign (in hindsight, I should have just played with the default character)(nitpick) the character lip syncing is terrible, it's especially noticeable when playing as Duke Nukem in the DLC(nitpick) could use a windowed borderless setting, since the game is a bit slow to alt-tab, and it did crash once while doing soConclusion:Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition is a really fun game, and it is absolutely one worth playing if you  enjoy that fast-paced, run-and-gun combat style. If you haven’t played the original Bulletstorm yet, picking up the Full Clip Edition is a better choice of the two. However,if you already have the original, then it’s likely that the slight visual improvements in the remastered version are not going to be enough to warrant purchasing it at such a hefty price tag.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
76561197988609440,Recommended,501590,31251051,Posted: 20 April,all,Meowcenary,"A overpriced re-release of a pretty decent game.Bulletstorm has always been pretty fun. Its got good (if crude) comedy and more violence than you can shake a stick at. It promotes taking risks and trying fancy tricks in a FPS. When the game originally came out shooters were being heavily influenced by big names such as CoD and Gears of war. They even made a little mini game that mocked said games and promoted their own.All in all the final product was pretty good. It stood out and played well. It had fairly decent multiplayer and an array of colors and good graphics to look at while also trying somthing fairly original for a already crowded genre.It also had its down sides. Games for Windows live being one of them, not to mention like most liner shooters it could get stale after a time even with a score attack mode and other modes to make things a bit more interesting.All that said the Full Clip edition is simply a over priced remake of the original game. yes it does have cleaned up visuals which is nice and yes there is now a 4K option for it, and yes there is a mode where you can play as Duke Nukem (I'm embarassed to say that's what got me on board) but unless you're a fan of Duke or have never played the game before I can't really recommend you paying full price for this. It stinks too much of a cash grab.I've always been a fan of Duke nukem and always will be but even his presence isn't enough to make me regret paying full for this.In summary. A remake of a solid game where you have the option to play Duke Nukem. They want too much for it so wait for it to go on sale."
,Not Recommended,501590,31004950,Posted: 7 April,all,Hello It Is Your Boy Pop Tartlet,it's 2017 and my ears still start to bleed when I launch the gamealso where the ♥♥♥♥ is borderless windowed
,Recommended,501590,31008923,Posted: 7 April,all,Ichigo Sensei ←~(Ψ▼ｰ▼),Way better and smoother than call of duty :D
,Not Recommended,501590,32939851,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr. Sneak Man,"The mainstory campain is too short for the price, cannot reccommend. I go off of a $2/hr rule, meaning if i dont get at least half the amount of hours that I paid for, it is NOT worth."
,Recommended,501590,32952113,Posted: 28 June,all,skpManiac,"Loved the original game so thought I would buy this full clip version with all the goodies.The good:The game is great fun, even after all these years, there is nothing better than shooting someone in the balls or up the♥♥♥♥♥(ohhh matron), especially after sliding and booting them in to the air.The graphics are passable as are the game physics, again you have to remember this is a re-make.The Duke Nukem add-on is brilliant, most of the time.... Some of the dialogue is really funnyThe controls are very responsive, I am using the XBOX ONE PADThe guns... The weapons are so much fun in this game and each one unlocks new skillshots to try for - always check out which ones you need to get to make the game more fun.The bad:This is a remake, so we should have got better graphics and better sound, more of a 2017 look and feel - Would have loved a 5.1 or better yet 7.1 soundtrackThe Duke add-on seems to talk out of context in quite a lot of the scenes, no biggie but again, this is a full price game so everything should be up to spec, not just cobbled together.The start up screens need to go, we clicked to load the game so get rid of the 2 screens before the actual game menu, they are not neededThe game works 50% of the time for me, I am currently chatting to tech support to try and get it resolved. Once it's running, it runs perfectly, as you'd expect on an i7 unlocked Skylake with 32Gb Ram and GTX 980Ti Xtreme powering it.Up to now thats all I have to say, I'm a few hours in to the game and love playing it again - just wish they had done more with the graphics inparticular. A missed opportunity I'd say.I will say I will recommend this based on the fun factor alone, but don't expect it to be graphically brilliant, just accpet it's a few years out of date, even though it's not, but I'm sure you know what I mean lol"
76561197973220100,Recommended,501590,31548768,Posted: 4 May,all,Koraxbear,"Bulletstorm is one of those Rare games which hits the spot for actually doing something skillful rather than just the normal shoot stuff First Person Shooter, this re-master is somewhat better than the Original by the fact that it does not have GFWL present. However on the run up to the release of this game its Published has made a number of bad judgements and sales have not gone down well as a resultNone the less it is an extremely enjoyable game with a good Single Player campaign a Friends Challege Games known as Echos (Try to beat each others score) and a Co-Op wave mode for up to 4 players.Many people however have turned down the game by the steep prices which are crazy for a re-master, if you are considering buying this game, it would be best if you wait for a sale!I love PCF and what it has done in the past, while this games sales was a disappointment, I look forward to what other releases are in the pipeline"
,Recommended,501590,31026977,Posted: 8 April,all,Pipisones,"Simply awesome!Its like doom 2016 but with colors and came out in 2011, still plays great, good storyand finaly no gfwl so you can play coop.If you like me(and i wanna second game to come out badly) you should buy this remaster and convince your friends to do so.And dont buy ""Duke dlc"" its a gimmick"
76561197980372335,Recommended,501590,31186212,Posted: 16 April,all,Francis,A bit overpriced but knowing what I was getting into It is still is fun.
76561198145771796,Recommended,501590,34486621,Posted: 25 August,all,Antooshy,"One of my favorite games perfectly remastered, highly recomend if youre looking for some unique gameplay and great story."
,Not Recommended,501590,35432152,Posted: 2 October,all,ChaosDX,A brilliant combat system that rewards creative and skillful kills in a game that is otherwise just like every other boring FPS you've played before.I must admit I only played three hours before I lost my desire to keep playing. Not sure if that's the game's fault or mine.
,Recommended,501590,31008123,Posted: 7 April,all,Austin,"Great game, I originally played it on the Xbox 360 when it first came out and I'm glad they remastered it and released it on PC.pros: performance is great with a steady 144fps at 2560x1440p, duke nukem is funny but his dialogue doesn't really match up with the games dialogue, gameplay is tons of fun, and all the different ways to kill your enemies is great.cons: settings menu has very few options, no option to disable motion blur, movement with mouse is somewhat choppy (I have not tried playing with a controller yet so it might be different).Overall: the game is great, performance is great (other than the issue with the mouse movements which would be awesome if they would fix soon), I love the duke nukem addon, and the gameplay is just as fun as it used to be.system specs: I7-4790k, 32gb ddr3, 1080sc, game is not on an ssd"
76561198016633124,Not Recommended,501590,31107145,Posted: 12 April,all,jeffy,This So called remaster...............i guess it is...............LOTS OF FRAME RATE ISSUES BEWARE / Laghonestly its not much different from the originalbit priceyi only bought it to play as duke nukem......................it was pretty fun playing as duke. i mean of course duke forever is a real duke game. but palying as duke in bullet strom was pretty fun and cool ideai wish more games could add duke nukem to them loloololololohonestly the game is kinda short too......but there are opportunies to try different guns and upgrades in another playtthrough
,Recommended,501590,31212425,Posted: 17 April,all,dahanoo,"I really don't understand why this game is not known by many.  To me it's a triple A gem now, and when it was first released back in 2011!Good,intentionally clichė storyOTT Shoot, shoot and shootamusing banterinteresting charactersOverall a really fun game"
,Recommended,501590,31025253,Posted: 8 April,all,Avenge,"I have to say that I'm very pleasantly surprised with this remake. It's every bit as fun and intense as the original. The new paintjob makes it look that much better, even under today's standards. My main gripes would be the severe limit for control schemes (only 3 are available)...would be nice to see some more common FPS setups available, or even the ability to bind our own keys...that and the lack of Borderless Full Screen (game freaks out if you alt tab sometimes). Overal 8.75/10. VERY WORTH."
,Recommended,501590,31027875,Posted: 8 April,all,ManOrMachine,"First time playing this series, so I had a good time learning everything.  Duke Nukem made this hilarious and fun to play. I took my time and got through the campaign on normal in 8 hours.  Multiplayer is alot of fun with friends, not too bad with randoms either. Wish there were more story to play!"
76561198003222478,Recommended,501590,31024523,Posted: 8 April,all,Obi Juan Kenobi,"From someone who played the original, this is my verdict:IF you have NOT played the original and you have the cash lying around, I highly recommend this game, it is one of my favorite single player shooters of all time, with fun gameplay and hilarious characters (a few details below)IF you have played the original and, like me, you wish to POSSIBLY see a sequel in the future, then wait for a price drop and support the devs then. 46 euro is far too much for a game that I already played and own, especially since nothing was added to the game except a few more graphical/control changesPros:- it is a ""Spectacle shooter"", very linear, but with insane action setpieces thrown at you all the time; you will be amazed what they managed to do so many years ago- the sense of humor is fantastic, the game doesn't take itself seriously in the slightest, the characters are funny as hell and well voice acted by some big names in the industry (humor is very similar to the one found in Shadow warrior, I personally love it, but some people wont, so beware)- the gameplay is fluid, highly brutal and satisfying with many unique weapons that affect enemies in a variety of ways; and also the game rewards you for making your kills as flashy as possibleAs for the port: the game runs better, has new resolutions and a much needed option to turn off mouse smoothingCons:- all that I mentioned above about the port....yeah, that's it, that's all they've added to this version except for the Duke voice over, which I find just cringy as ♥♥♥♥- this need to be repeated, the game is VERY linear, to the point that you can't even jump and there is NO exploring whatsoever- the singleplayer isn't very long, about 8 hours  and there is no replayabllity other then changing difficulty"
,Recommended,501590,31025168,Posted: 8 April,all,Bizargh,"Before Irepeatmy praise for what I consider one of my favourite shooters of the seventh console generation period,allow me to highlight what changes this reissue ofBulletstormprovides:Games for Windows Live has been completely removed, now using Denuvo DRM and multiplayer matching via Steam, in addition to all post-launch content lost when GFWL closed it's doors.Numerous options that were previously only accessible via the Bulletstorm INI Editor such as Mouse Smoothing, Frame-rate & an Field of Vision (FOV) range of 75°-100° (Which now also affects viewmodels in unison) are now available in the options menu. Additionally, the config files are no longer encryted, so you can access individual graphical options the new options menu severely lacks such as Motion Blur enable/disable (Which sadly is enabled by default), FOV's higher than 100° as well as ""TargetFOV"" (Your FOV when aiming with weapons) without a tool.The Video Options menu has seen an unfortunate decrease in options available, with the original's Anti-Aliasing (MSAA), World Detail & Shadow Quality options no longer present and presumably bundled with the Post Processing and/or Texture Quality options available, with no addition of Motion Blur enable/disable and no Borderless Window option made.However as previously mentioned, the config files are now freely accessible without the Bulletstorm INI Editor, so such individual options are highly accessible. So whilst I'd consider this an improvement in user options & accessibility, it really comes at a cost of convenience users really should not have to make.AlthoughBulletstormcould be played in 4K/2160p resolution, it's subtitles did not scale with the resolution, nor do I believe it officially supported ultra-widescreen. It appears this has been addressed with the official support for 4K & Ultra-Widescreen.All-in-all, this version ofBulletstormfrom the get-go is a mostly welcome improvement from the previous release. However, I feel to call this a remaster is a huge stretch, whereas I'd happily quote Totalbiscuit & call it a ""Reissue with a small amount of extra polish"", at least on PC where the benefits are far less significant than on console. And whilst the initial pricing really puts too high a value on such minimal changes that one could easily believe a patch could've provided & the DRM is also another understandable reason to take issue with this version, I would consider this version more recommendable than the original on the whole.And if you happen to desire the soundtrack, Epic Games has officially released it freely to download along with the Epic 20th Anniversary Original Soundtrack. And speaking personally, it's gloriously badarse!:http://epicgames.com/community/2013/12/essential-gaming-top-15-original-soundtracks-of-the-generation/Right, with that cleared up here's my updated review:Game ReviewIn Summary:You have crash-landed on an abandoned Resort Planet infested with Mutants & Psychopaths. You have a wrist-mounted Energy Leash, a gloriously strong kick & an small assortment of weapons seemingly forged by Gods of Extremely Cruel & Highly Unusual Punishment, each vastly unique from each other (Which in addition to your standardly equipped Carbine, two can be carried in Singleplayer). The environments are littered with lethal hazards such as Exposed Wiring, High-Altitude Drops, Deadly Vegetation, and many more. I can never tell you this more literally; GET CREATIVE.In Detail:Bulletstorm is unmistakably a console port, but all things considered, a pretty damn good one.With your mouse & keyboard and fully rebindable keys (Which can be given secondary bindings also), you can Kill with Skill with beautiful control! And with the new options and free access to the config files, it is now more convenient to have a glorious shooter experience with this game almost akin to that of the classics who threw realism out the window for sheer mayhem!The more modern mechanics like Rechargeable Health & ADS do often work in the game's favour, as the lack of concern of health is helpful in allowing you the utmost creative freedom in killing and extra zoom to land those headshots & hard-to-hit crotchshots. But although Sprint gives you exceptional speed (With Sliding even greater, especially on slippery-looking & sloped surfaces), it serves more as a quick exit mechanic than anything else, with enemies eagerly coming to you or standing still to suffer at your hand. And be warned about difficulties above Normal, as you can find yourself the odd occasions where you will find the need to cower behind a chest high wall to wash away the red cowardice from your screen. But otherwise, the game's main challenge relies on you being creative as possible & racking up your Skillpoints/Murdercash to resupply & upgrade newly found weapons, whose costs vary upon difficulty.It's also worth noting that there's no shortage of Quick Time Events in the more cinematic moments of the game. However, People Can Fly differentiates them by rewarding Skillpoints based on your response time to their prompts, which if left unpressed sometimes proceed with a 0 Skillpoint reward depending on the event, or if do cause a reset-to-checkpoint failstate, don't require sharp-timing or anything beyond single-button prompts to avoid. So in my experience, their presence was not uncomplimentary at all.As for story, well, while the humour most often relies upon the foul mouths & one-liners of it's characters which can certainly get more than a chuckle or two for those not above genital jokes & 80s action, it does also provide a violent revenge tale which has the capacity to be taken seriously if it proves your thing. Don't expect a lot, but it might just keep you going till the end.Unfortunately, the replay value isn't high at all. The linear design of the singleplayer often leads you to find the most Skillpoint-rewarding techniques, which can make repeat playthroughs seem like obeying an unwritten routine whilst not strict, is often practical. The Echo Missions (Singleplayer segments seperated for Competitive Leaderboards) are even more this as you find a means to find your best skill routine to earn your Stars and rank up the Score Leaderboard (Which could be your thing if you're looking for a challenge).As for the now revived Multiplayer; Think Horde with Bulletstorm's Kill with Skill, with an emphasis on racking up points instead of surviving ridiculous odds (But you might need to give downed team-mates literally a good & quick kick every-so-often as the waves progress). One particular problem it suffered with was a ""Team Skill"" phase in which the whole team has to perform a Skill Shot together for necessary bonus score, which was often too demanding of co-ordination for a randomly matchmade party not using voice chat. And whilst it can be played on your own very adequately, the only real incentive for replay value is ranking up to unlock new Armour Camos, Gun Skins & Victory Animations, which have to be unlocked again identically to the original, but there are initial cosmetics that were presumably promotional for the original, with three starting skins & eight Leash colours right from the get-go. It may prove short, but good fun!VerdictIf you're looking for a fantastic shooter experience which harkens back to the old days of shooters of gratuitous violence, extreme attitude & action-packed fun, whilst embracing a fair few of the modern mechanics, this is one of them! (Although we now live in a time where games such asWolfenstein: The New Order,DOOM {2016}& more are very kindly scratching that itch for singleplayer focused & strafe 'n' shoot shooters, butBulletstorm: Full Clip Edition's 9GB size & 2011 optimsation may prove a noteworthy convenience)."
,Recommended,501590,31180667,Posted: 16 April,all,kamilS the Brannigan King,Although I had to pay near full-price of the original Bulletstorm game. It's still nice to go back and re-experience a beloved game with my friends again.
,Recommended,501590,31204816,Posted: 17 April,all,Slimskin,Sarrano is handsome jack's grandson
76561198238431002,Recommended,501590,31003138,Posted: 7 April,all,প্রান্তিক,The most underrated game of 2011...an absolute classic...this is probably the most satisfying shooters i have ever played..
76561197970030377,Recommended,501590,31182734,Posted: 16 April,all,Nerhesi,"Ignore this BS about duke or not duke. You want to complaina bout Duke? Go complain about the DLC.The game is great - it is entertaining, fun, the weaponry is varied and certain weapons are better in situations compared to others.Judge the game based on the game itself, now how you feel a 5-dollar DLC is, or how it is compared to when you first played it 5 years ago."
,Recommended,501590,31024692,Posted: 8 April,all,Demos,"Not a great remaster, but the fact is that the original was extremely hard to get running on a modern computer due to games for windows live. And hey it still plays nicely. Besides bulletstorm didn't get the love it deserved when it came out.Also don't expect a fine work of art. This is the Boxed wine of shooters."
,Recommended,501590,31188013,Posted: 16 April,all,Of Micra & Man,"Awesome game, best shooter I have played in date, however this is a remaster to the xbox 360 and with its exclusive duke nukem dlc which made the game a cool entrance part of the feature. Only problem they would of sorted when you play as duke nukem especially the cutscenes is how his lips isn't following his speeches which loses balance and sometimes the rendering can struggle to focus in game even if you have the recommended specs for the pc it's embarassing lol.Great storyline, Interesting weapons with later upgrading components & the combo system that makes bulletstorm in game combat a great success!"
,Recommended,501590,31002532,Posted: 7 April,all,Garfield,Nostalgia Remastered!The skillshot system is my favourite thing in this game. The action is as compelling as before.Graphics look absolutely gorgeous.Didn't yet try out the Duke nukem mode as I am a 'Good Kid'.. Lol!!Highly recommended pick!
,Recommended,501590,31006481,Posted: 7 April,all,The Almost Wizard,"The game is fantastic, and runs really well. However, I have a major issue with my audio. The audio is best comparable to like earrape memes and it makes the game unplayable and I can't seem to solve it."
,Recommended,501590,31012472,Posted: 8 April,all,Subject16,One of my all time favourite first person shooters in full Steam glory. Runs great. Looks great. Plays great. Butter smooth 60fps. Only issue is the price tag. Wait for sale.https://youtu.be/a6vwMtB_XE4
76561197997697009,Recommended,501590,31104100,Posted: 12 April,all,cakolukiam,"If you are a Duke Nukem fan, this game is in your ""MUST HAVE"" category. I bought this game because of ""the King"" only and I am not disappointed. I loved the original Bulletstorm, but...everything is better with Duke. There are only a few things I miss from this game: Duke's iconic weapons (why on Earth did they not toss in at least a Golden Desert Eagle? I know...its not a new Duke game, but still...), new audio lines for the NPCs (Ishi and Trishka). It was irritating that the NPCs constantly called me ""Gray"". At least Duke replied to these with his good-old fashioned way.After the playthrough I realized, that we (at least I do...) definitely need a new Duke game! Let us hope, that Gearbox is gonna make it happen in the future!"
,Recommended,501590,31009608,Posted: 7 April,all,Gamerz-Zone,Loved it from before and love it again
,Recommended,501590,31023071,Posted: 8 April,all,Haloarbiter117,http://steamcommunity.com/id/117arbiter/screenshot/156905916534925570
,Recommended,501590,31015260,Posted: 8 April,all,CrazyWalt90,Amazing fps originally from epic games and people can fly. This game feels alot like a fps version of what gears of war could have been. Definitely recommended if you love violent FPS games.
,Recommended,501590,31038330,Posted: 9 April,all,Kiro,"My only complaint thus far is the price tag and the fact that Duke's voice doesn't sync with his lips properly.  It's basically just a reskin with a new voice is all, and different lines.  I only got it cause I loved the game back on the 360 and wanted it again since my console borked.  Other than that? Good ol bulletstorm with stretchy ragdolls and wonky physics. Plus multiplayer works!"
,Recommended,501590,31009109,Posted: 7 April,all,Guttter,"Awesome game. I loved it then, and I'm LOVING IT NOW. Great campaign, original weapons and toys, fantastic over the top gore and effects... I could go on and on.Thank you People Can Fly and Gearbox for polishing this game up so I can once again enjoy a campaign with a great story and great combat."
,Recommended,501590,31010773,Posted: 7 April,all,Bot Ldl,i just hope this game makes money for a part 2
76561198006624327,Recommended,501590,34878354,Posted: 11 September,all,Free Lee,cool FPS
,Recommended,501590,31514553,Posted: 2 May,all,Tr3b0r,Decent remaster of a very underrated game. The only thing bad about it is the price; buy it in a sale if you already own the original.
,Recommended,501590,31014670,Posted: 8 April,all,Sasherz,"Bulletstorm Full Clip Edition is the Original game, jsut improved.Going past the 60FPS lock and ramping it up to over 200+FPS making this game run more smooth.The graphis have improved, better shadows and textures, making the game look alot better.When it comes to the Duke Nukem part of the game, I do have a mixed feeling about this.Enabling Duke mode is just replacing the main character you play with Duke Nukem through the standard storymode.Allthough he looks cool, there is something not right here.First of, Duke is a macho man with few words to say, but in this game, I feelt the first half hour of the game, he said more than he ever said in any of his previous games.Its not a bad thing, its just something to get used to.Second is the voice, from time to time, I feelt they did alot of shortcuts with Dukes voice.It feels they have taken random soundfiles from previous games and put them into this.All from...That's one DEAD SPACE marinedamn, those alien ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are gonna pay for shooting up my rideits time to kick♥♥♥♥♥and chew bubblegumand so on for all his well known one linersThe voicing isnt perfect done, I feelt the voicefiles where grouped tight together when he had more to say.But for a remake, this game is worth it, its tons of fun, specialy with trickshot kills you can do in this game, it encurages you to move about and have fun and try new things.I do recomend this game to anyone who love shoters and just wnat to mess around and have fun."
76561198079628609,Recommended,501590,31024921,Posted: 8 April,all,NeoDukeNukem88,"Not much words needed, I'm just a fan waiting on anything with Duke nukem in it.it's fun, and no I didn't play the original Bulletstorm, making this game seem alot more interesting."
,Recommended,501590,31086630,Posted: 11 April,all,se7enist,"I own the original, and did buy this at full price, which as you may have noticed from a lot of the other reviews out there, does seem a little extreme. While the graphics are definitely improved, $50 does seem a little too much for adding Overkill mode and taking away GFWL. I admittedly bought this mostly due to the fact that I had heard they were using the remaster to gauge interest for a sequel, which is something I've hoped for since I finished the first one six years ago.Getting into the meat of this thing, if you haven't played Bulletstorm before, now is your chance to correct this injustice. I have not had this much fun with an FPS in ages, the only other that came even close was the new DOOM (which I'd also recommend). That emphasis on fun is something I haven't seen in a lot of FPS games. Challenge, sure. Story...sometimes. Fun? That seems to be something that gets overlooked a lot of times. Bulletstorm delivers in spades. If you want a challenge, there are parts even veterans of the game will struggle with, especially on higher difficulties. Story? It's a mix of over the top silliness, a deep tale of redemption, all set in a world that makes sense by its own logic. On top of all that, every single weapon feels unique and is extremely satisfying to use. You'll definitely end up picking your favorites (the pistol and the sniper rifle are almost always good picks) but none of them will ever feel useless or redundant. Then you've got the voice acting. Jennifer Hale and Steve Blum make up half the main cast, which is a winning combination in my book. All in all, it's a damn fine package. It is not a game that will disappoint, unless of course you are opposed to over the top violence, foul language and rampant sexual innuendo, as most of the dialogue and many of the skillshots are quite....colorful. Definitely not one for the kiddos, but the dialogue alone is worth checking this one out.Might wanna wait for it to come down in price a bit though."
,Recommended,501590,31002325,Posted: 7 April,all,Chrionz,"Never have played Bulletstorm, so I decided to give this a try. Personally, I love it. Optimization is amazing. Even though I've only played a little over an hour, the game runs butter smooth, as it should for my system, giving me 190+ FPS when maxed at 1080p and uncapped. (i7 6700k and a GTX 1070.) The graphics settings are minimal and could be bothersome, offering only a texture quality setting and post processing setting. Also, the lack of borderless window and any AA setting  isn't too pleasant. (I am unsure if AA is included in the single post processing setting, however I do not think so.) Despite that, I am still loving it. Runs flawless and a very fun arcade vibe shooter. I can see myself playing this a lot. To returning fans, not much more is offered. A few trials, but thats it. This is definately a remaster for new bulletstorm fans and only hardcore retuning fans.Oh, and you can ♥♥♥♥ing play as Duke. What more do you want?"
,Recommended,501590,31001680,Posted: 7 April,all,r2j2612,"I played the original a long time back. A long long time back. This just brings back so many memories.Of a time when Shooters used to be fun, when game devs wont only pump out sequels. This HD Remaster may not be what I wanted, because I wanted Bulletstorm 2, but it sure as hell still holds up in today's standards.And Of course I started the campaign asDuke Nukenand damn its fun to have him in this already Crass of a shooter.As for Performance, runs smooth on my 970 on High. Removed the Vsync cap for Frame rates. The remaster looks beautiful. Its still the old Bulletstorm I loved back then (I still have the DVD).The Video menucould have used a few more options than just 4but nonetheless looks beautiful.Apart from all the controversy of Gearbox Partnering up with♥♥♥♥♥and overpricing (its actually pretty cheap in my region), its back to the yank and kick, with Duke Nukem Baby!!!"
,Recommended,501590,31003683,Posted: 7 April,all,DeathDealer,"Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition is extreamly fun to play with cringe worthy one liners. This remaster is everything that i remember about Bulletstorm back on the 360 in 2011. Their are pleanty of ways to kill your enemy through the Skillshot Database which challenges you to kill enemies in a variety of ways and with a number of different weapons and with the enviroment.HOWEVER this is a ♥♥♥♥ing big HOWEVER.It's 2017 and a remaster should NOT be releasing with limited graphical settings, infact with less options to select from than the original game back in 2011. Some of the problems i have are below.No toggle aim.Can only turn off DOF or Motion Blur through the .ini fileI also get screen tear at some instances (Asus 165hz gsync monitor with gsync enabled)No advanced settings to select from for graphics.Horrible camera wobble especially when climbing and sprinting.Also if someone can comment about 21.9 support that would be great!!VIDEO SETTINGS SCREENSHOThttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=900315245But overall the stability of the game is great and so far i find the game fun to play and entertaining which can't be said about other triple A titles as of late. If i could give this game a ""maybe"" rating then i would but overall its a thumbs up on the current rating choices."
76561197968852973,Not Recommended,501590,31002717,Posted: 7 April,all,Krangbot,"The game is a bit of an emberassment. I'll keep it short as to why.Price: absurdly high for the very low value you get.Design: just as an example of the pathetic quality that went in is this: You can't actually jump. There are occasional small platforms with a 1 foot high ramp to get onto it to use a turret or a switch etc. and you can get on via the ramp but if you want to just jump the 12 inches of height on the other side of the platform you cannot. You're character is incapable of lifting his feet 12 inches or jumping. You also are incapable of walking off the 12 inch high platform, your only option is to walk around to the tiny ramp and walk to it as if your stupid feet are glued down to the earth. There are sometimes very very very specific objects you walk up to slowly and then hit space and you will ""vault"" over them. This is PATHETIC and lazy design for an action FPS.Ammo: You will consistently run out of ammo if playing on Hard or higher difficulty (because everything turns into a lame bullet sponge). Again, this is pathetic design for a fast paced action FPS. It's not resident evil where you need to count your bullets. And it feels like a huge oversight that wasn't tested at all.Writing/Script/Story: The writing is pretty bad even if you appreciate that sort of humor which I do. It's like nonstop cringe reel but not in a funny nor entertaining way. It's just sad, like legit sad.It's pretty clear this was just sloppily hashed out as a quick cash grab and added nothing of actual value or real improvement to warrant the price tag. It's more like they set a high price knowing they were going to have to set it at 50% discount ASAP becvause it's such a unlovingly made game.I actually like Gearbox, but they should be ashamed and embarassed of this. It looks like Gearbox's good days are well behind them and they are a company everyone should be wary of and do not pre-order from nor buy in the first weeks of anything they release."
,Recommended,501590,31002685,Posted: 7 April,all,NoMansDream,"as good as it was back in the days ,really good game and performs well , there is not a lot of visual options but solid 60 fps with Vsync ON for me (gtx 960 2Gb , 12Gb ram and i5 4460) , i'll live with it :)well if you played it before , its exactly that game with a great remaster .if you didn't, give this a try it's very fun .didn't try the duke nukem tour since i'm not a fan . but it could be good i think .& didn't finish the game yet since it's launch day and now it is late night where i live . i'll update my review if i changed my mind :)BTW with highest configuration frame is around 100 when i don't use vertical sync."
,Recommended,501590,31004367,Posted: 7 April,all,☨☭✞ NIKITA ✞☭☨,absolutely love this game but i expected more but it's still a amazing game
,Recommended,501590,31005674,Posted: 7 April,all,Conargle,"ok straight to the pointPros:-Same old Bulletstorm-GFWL is long gone-Which means a working/more stable multiplayer-Performs as well if not better than the original-Looks just as good-Duke Nukem Tour mode. decent one liners and whatever else you'd expect from that sassy badass-Another reason to replay an amazing game-Some ""extra"" contentCons:-The Duke is essentially just a player model and voice line replacement. The lip sync animations still exist from the original voice lines so it doesn't match anything he says... at all-Dukes lines are often too long or too short and don't sync well with the other characters leading to either awkward silences or someone being cut short occasionally-The multiplayer is probably going to be dead soon. Like most older remakes and underrated gems, i doubt you'll find many people playing a year from now-IMO perhaps a little too pricey for essentially the same game with a teeny visual update. I'd say it's better suited to being £20 and not £30Summary:I never truly needed another reason to go back to playing this, but this certainly gave me further incentive. The game is still as fun as ever and now Dukes sassy 4th wall breaking one-liners add a new layer of cheesy humour to it. The downsides are mostly me being a bit nit-picky, with the only real issue i think is the current price. I'm in favour of supporting the devs and their work, but full price for a remake requires something a bit more than just a character reskin. Get it at 2/3rd's the price or lower unless you really dont mind.TL:DR-Bit Overpriced-Still a ♥♥♥♥ing good game - Now with added Nukem"
,Recommended,501590,31003036,Posted: 7 April,all,{TGC}Fr33,Well after stepping back into the shoes of gray it really felt nice to retear all the baddies new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s still in my opinion one of my favorite games both versions hoipefully the game will gets some better love with this reboot loved every second the only thing i hated was the price but if itsto help get us bulletstorm 2 im all in the game is has its flaws but bugs are what make games am i rright?Pros- Duke- blood and gore and the effects are still nice--Skillkills- Worth every hour still mad me feel like a badass- Buying this might get us bulletstorm 2Cons-Dukes dlc has some bad lip reads but its ok its funny- The price was steep
,Recommended,501590,31205080,Posted: 17 April,all,Kitelime,"If you have never played this game you are missing out on one of the hidden gems of 2011, and I would whole-heartedly recommend buying it.On the other hand if you have played it before, I would wait for a sale as there is not much new content aside from Dukes campaign which is fun for what it is."
,Recommended,501590,31003745,Posted: 7 April,all,sic.,"Just as good as I remembered! This truly is a unique game, the whole mechanics and point system are simply a lot of fun. The game itself looks and runs great on my GTX 970. The is no time to waste, this game is a must have for every FPS-Fan out there."
,Recommended,501590,31004044,Posted: 7 April,all,Nuka,"Runs like a charm, 200+ FPS on max settingsi7-4790k - GTX 1080Only place the motion blur has been noticeable was at the start of the game when Gray is drunk, honestly it added to the effect of him being drunk even moreJust more of the fun we know and love from the original only without Games for Windows Live breaking everything this time!"
76561198043639506,Recommended,501590,31017329,Posted: 8 April,all,Wiffie the Pigg,"Key points:- Gameplay is amazing, the gun play and ""skillpoints"" system are incredible- The graphics are good, not amazing, nothing blew my hear back, but for an older game they are not bad at all- Level design is a little repetitive- Game is far too short, 6 hours only, and I was playing at what I saw as a normal to slow pace- Story is weak- Duke Nukem (the reason for my purchase) is alright, but his model is a skin on Grey's rig so his voice and movements are not at all in sync, but the voice-lines, by Jon St John, are fantastic. I play Duke for the voice lines, so this was fine for me, except dueing the last cutscene, in which Duke's lines cut out, are too quiet, and doesn't match the subtitles, kinda killing it- Only bugs experienced were occasional sound bugs during cutscenes, and physics glitchs that were hilarious- Price is a bit steep, considering it's age and length- For Bulletstorm fans, it's a bit expensive, and not much changed from the original- For those who've never played Bulletstorm, now is a good time to jump in, and this is a good place to jump- For hardcore Duke fans (such as myself), it is worth a purchase. This is likely Duke's final outing, and while it is a little sloppy, Jon St John's voice and some good writing give Duke a nice ride.Overall:I enjoyed my time with Bulletstorm, but the short length makes recommending the purchase, at least at this price, very difficult to recommend. Unless you're like me and just need more Duke, than waiting for a lower price is my current recommendation."
,Recommended,501590,31002841,Posted: 7 April,all,BeefCake,"First time playing Bulletstorm and have only played about 102 minutes of this game and I have to say what a blast it's been so far.Firstly, I've started off with Duke Nukem. He's actually funny in this game than in Forever, however his lip-sync is even funnier (in-game cutscenes.) I'm running a GTX 1060 on this thing and I'm struggling in big battles with both settings turned to high (Confused a little since this game is pretty old.) Not a problem though, since  most modern games don't look much different on medium settings anyway.The whip mechanic is fun to use by grabbing your enemies and blasting them in slow motion or even better, kicking them into an object that insta-kills and grants you more points. The best part about this games reward system, is bagging points from kills and earning increased points, by doing more creative ones. These points can then be used for upgrades on your weapons and whip.Like I said, I've only started climbing the mountain and no where near the iceberg.So far... Very enjoyable!"
,Recommended,501590,31003527,Posted: 7 April,all,King Beef!!!!,"I'm running with a GTX 1080, i7 4790k, at 4k and performance is rock solid at 60fps. It handles just like the first one which is a good thing, and it's still fun to play. Not having to deal with GFWL is also another perk. The Duke skin is just icing on the cake for me. I would only recommend at full price if you are a really big fan of the original or if you are interested and never played it before. For anyone unsure or caring about coop I would suggest waiting on a sale, the coop while fun is rather shallow and may not provide a lot of mileage for you and your friends."
,Recommended,501590,31026889,Posted: 8 April,all,Asherbirdman,Still as Badass as you remember.
,Recommended,501590,31103819,Posted: 12 April,all,SmugFrog,"Duke Nukem is BACK!   I don't know why this game is called Bulletstorm, and frankly the story doesn't make much sense as Duke's just... thrown into what looks like a bad sci-fi movie in the future or something?  I don't know, don't care - it's great to see Duke Nukem back again in a long absence that took Forever since Duke Nukem 3D came out!The game seems to be placed on the Borderlands world, without the level ups or random generated weaponry, but the action is fast and furious with Duke's patented kick and some new... Wonder woman lasso thing, which is actually pretty cool and I'd like to see in the Duke Nukem sequel.The graphics look great, though it looks like this may have been in development for a while so it's not exactly cutting edge where you'll need a newish PC to run it.My biggest complaint is that Duke's voice lines don't seem to match his lips - not sure if this is a bug in the version I have or if the voice actor just didn't care anymore and said his own lines.  Everyone calls him by a different name and most of his jokes kind of fall flat, but it is nice to hear some references back to Duke Nukem 3D.  I think perhaps this game was in development as a new Borderlands game and they decided last minute to throw Duke in and now it's kind of... strange.  You get the feeling it could've been more.This is the action game that Duke was born to be in, showing off his macho fighting style and wisecracks while beating alien asses.  They could have gone a different route and had a ton of juvenile jokes outdated pop-culture jokes with an incoherent plot and repetitive gameplay and levels, and that could've possibly happened if Duke had continued to linger in development hell forever after Duke 3D.There's some other guy you can play as at the main menu, and he's the ""main"" character, I guess?  It's just odd, like they were developing this story around him and then shoved Duke into it.Overall, an enjoyable jaunt through a new Duke Nukem game (though it's named oddly, perhaps because they're working on another sequel to 3D called Duke Nukem Four?).  If you already played a version of this Bulletstorm game, there's not much new to see here and you'd be better off waiting for a sale.  Also, unless you're just a big fan and never played that original, I'd suggest looking for a $30 price tag."
,Recommended,501590,31011105,Posted: 7 April,all,TeRRy$,Classic never dies.10/10
,Recommended,501590,31003872,Posted: 7 April,all,Langeweilezug,Feels like the good old Bulletstorm that means:If you havent played it yet its worth it (but you dont need duke really that guy is♥♥♥♥♥♥If you played Bulletstorm back in the day its way too expensive.The game is like it was in 2011 only with a different lighting style and better textures.
,Recommended,501590,31004696,Posted: 7 April,all,casperpda,"I like the game, kicking and shooting."
,Recommended,501590,31006393,Posted: 7 April,all,Ventus,"Pros: It allows you to replace the main character with Duke Nukem(worth the price of entry if you asked me)Doesn't use ""Games for windows live""(always a good)seems to be well optumized(it better be given how old the original game is)Cons: It uses Denuvo Antitamper(I have never had an issue with it personally but i understand that some people do so i thought i would mention itIt doesnt look any different from the original version save for 2 or 3 textures that i noticed looked betterThere are some glitches here that weren't in the original(E.I. getting stuck on the world geometry), but that can thankfully be fixxed by sliding. Ishi also got stuck once but i shot him a few times and he staggered out of what he was stuck in but thats about it.overall its ok as a remaster, and the added Duke Nukem mode is more than JUST a reskin, effort was clearly put into this."
,Recommended,501590,31004460,Posted: 7 April,all,Spoopy-Us,"Bought the original but got a refund cause of all the ""game for windows"" crap, at least for me this game runs great and is really fun. Duke Nukem is a fun little addon too"
,Recommended,501590,31003788,Posted: 7 April,all,Cores,"I played the original back in 2011 on 360 and its just as fun as i remeber. I will admit that the remaster does seem a bit lacking but for anyone who hasn't played Bulletstorm before, i would deffinatly recommend picking it up. It has a lot of character unlike most FPS games these days and the gameplay if very fun and stays fresh with the Skillshot system."
,Recommended,501590,31018183,Posted: 8 April,all,Zeke,"Since I've played the original, I was expecting the same thing over and... Yep, it's pretty much that. They took a good game and rereleased it on Steam w/ a little polish and all the previous DLC, which is fine!PROS:+The story is self aware. It tries to play this redemption angle with the main character but a lot of the dialog and events lean on the ""We know it's a game lulz.""+Gunplay is amazing. THe whole ""skillshot"" system where points are given really does help it. I wish more games encouraged you to be creative and use all your options. There are some issues here and there.+Graphics works, art direction works, but there's nothing really super amazing.+There are little challenge modes which are events taken out of the real game. I like these.+Still, if you liked the original or just want a shooter in the similar ballpark as Painkiller or DOOM 4 this is your game+This game was originally called the true sequel to Duke Nukem 3d. To be honest, it really does feel like that. Speaking of Duke...MIXED:=/-The Duke DLC is... nice? It's obvious that Duke isn't sure why he's there, lines of dialog such as ""I don't even know why I'm here!"" drive that home. All the DLC does is replace his vocals and the player model. However, it's silly and I'd sorta recommend it. It does make me wish Duke Nukem Forever was balls crazy and self-aware.=/-Multiplayer is your standard horde mode with Bullstorm sprinkled on it. I HIGHLY recommend playing with someone you know rather than randoms so you can get the co-op skill stuff done.CONS:-The price is a little too high for a rerelease that doesn't add all that much.-The ""feel"" of the game is a strange. You sprint with spacebar and, when you do, your locked in running that direction. Gears of War does this but it doesn't feel like your shifting gears in that game. Maybe it's just me.CONCLUSION:It isn't a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198081337108,Recommended,501590,31007279,Posted: 7 April,all,Fat Faggot,"It's great, you should get it and play online with me"
76561198198847683,Recommended,501590,31006284,Posted: 7 April,all,Lior,EXCELLENT GAME!!!
,Recommended,501590,31015452,Posted: 8 April,all,Cyrus40K,"I played the pirated version when the original came out, nowhere to buy in my country at that time. And many thanks to Razer1911 team that they actually saved my youthhood.Now the Duke Nuke Let the Bullets Fly version...oops sorry the Bullet Storm Duke Nuke Tourism version is one of the best Duck Nuke games in the last decade. And I honestly bought it for appreciation to the develop team. I'd like to see Duke Nuke to be appearing in other titles like Gears of War, Bioshock, Batman, and any other Unreal Engine games. That would be fun.The Bullet Storm is still fun after all these years. Playthrough takes about 6 hours for experienced players, but maybe some hardened-asses can beat it in less time. The animation of Duck Nuke is not very well sychronized with the voice acting, and in somewhere player may get stuck and need to reload the checkpoint. But all in all, this Duck Nuke Let the Bullets Fly is fun to play even without all the Duke's jokes.""I'm not even supposed to be here.""Let's get our Duke home boys."
,Recommended,501590,31012075,Posted: 8 April,all,Joseph,"So Gearbox's strategy of late is to buy the rights for fully made and favored games, can them off steam (cough *megaton edition D3D*) and then re-release them with a re-shade patch and a few extra bits of content. They've been doing it so far, and I don't see them stopping anytime soon.This said, Bulletstorm is one of the great shooters. It's a load of fun and if you've never played it before, just go ahead and buy this edition. You won't have to worry about Games For Windows Live, and can enjoy said re-shade patch. Please do yourself a favor though, head into the config files (in your documents/mygames/BS/Stormconfig) and remove the god awful DOF and motion blur - Gearbox's go-to for making graphics look less dated (cough* Duke Nukem Forever).Whether or not you enjoy the Duke DLC will come down to how much you love Duke. I'm a Duke Fanboy, I've laughed out loud ,and apart from the intro sequence which seems a bit forced, it's pretty cool. If you enjoy calling out political correctness to get a bit of attention, you'll bash Duke as you always have, even though technically he's actually making a mockery of you. For those who insist he's cringe-worthy I'd argue the whole game was already - ""I'll kill your d*cks""As a fan of Duke and a fan of Bulletstorm, the only things I will hate on this for, is the ridiculous price tag for a premade game (seriously Gearbox, lay off it), and some ear bleeding that I've sustained with some of the dialogues audio quality This needs to be fixed pronto - not game breaking but♥♥♥♥♥♥that should have been fixed before release.Summary? Manage your expectations.If you ever expected Gearbox (Aliens, DNF, Duke World Tour) to take the time to meticulously polish an old fav, reprogram everything for a novel integration of Duke, and add tons of extra content you were being a bit naive.If you have a bit too much money, enjoy duke and lack of GFWL, or haven't ever played it, buy it. If not, wait till it's on sale."
,Recommended,501590,31026608,Posted: 8 April,all,NorBdelta,If you already have the original game there is not much more to be had with this version. But if it is your first time I highly recommend this game.Very fun with interesting combat mechanics. The humour is somthing I havent seen in quite a while (it is corny but quite funny). Its almost like a B-rated action movie that is fun to play. The weapons are numerous and the kill mechanics is the selling point of the game where there are hundreds of special ways to kill stuff. Very fun. Hopefully this will get a sequel.The Duke Nuken thing though would be alright if the lip-sync was better at the moment it is painful to have that mode enabled because of the sync issues.
76561198137388951,Recommended,501590,31189913,Posted: 16 April,all,The Grimble,"This game is pretty great, loved the story and the whole skillshot system is fun to try and master and theres a whole tonne of weird and wonderful new insults that are worth keeping hold of for future use! it feels like a good old buddy cop/sci fi action movie and I can't recommend it enough, I was drawn back in to play it a second time due to the addition of being able to play as Duke Nukem through the whole campaign, instantly something feels a little off, his lips move when he is not speaking, the characters refer to him as Gray (which is played for laughs but after a while gets a bit grating), there are a few lines performed very strangely which just don't seem to fit and worst of all, over the ending cutscene the subtitles for the original game play, meaning Duke's saying one thing and the sub entirely something different! Even though I feel this is pretty lacklustre these oddities gave it a bit of a badly dubbed 90's film kind of vibe - on the upside it did end up feeling quite nostalgic in an unexpected way!  give it a whirl and I am sure you won't be dissapointed, can't wait for a sequel (and maybe a Dukey return!)"
76561198067765875,Recommended,501590,31010052,Posted: 7 April,all,Walruspunch,"It's Bulletstorm, improved in every way. Better resolution, Duke Nukem, all the DLC from the first game, removed GFWL, steam achievements and trading cards... What could be better?"
,Recommended,501590,31011120,Posted: 7 April,all,Putin The Rad,never played it before and just went straight to the Duke Nukem tour.needless to say...Hail to the king baby
76561197990237926,Recommended,501590,31011821,Posted: 8 April,all,runningtargetzombiebait,"What Duke Nukem: Forever should have been--foul-mouthed, funny, and fun to play. It also contains 100% of your yearly♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes."
76561198083576371,Recommended,501590,32853312,Posted: 27 June,all,Evil Befall,"you play as  logan in the army  before you became wolverine     yeah you wish that was true right ?  ^^ the main character reminds me of  logan   he has sidebunsfrustates me that :that theres no mapyou need to  kill a enemy  with explosives by shooting on his back but   you need to survive and find a way to get behind him  and these npc  keep yeling ""shoot the backpack""  isnt helping a sh*trealy great game better then doom 3 and prey  no locked doors where you require a keycard thats locked behind another locked door  just kick the godamn door in !"
76561198111949596,Recommended,501590,34809252,Posted: 7 September,all,EnricoMezza1981,It's ok
76561198299501807,Recommended,501590,33073615,Posted: 1 July,all,WoodsBeatle,"Pros:- Decent graphics for 2011- Variety of ways to maim opponents through slide kicking them off ledges, impaling them on cacti and even frying them from electricity- Weapons are satisfying to use and have alt fire modes- You can play as Duke Nukem (DLC though)- Tons of blood, gore and 'colorful' languageCons:- Linear levels- Uninteresting characters- Bland storyline- Lack of competitive multiplayer- You can't jump wtf- No toggle ADS (yet)- Many gameplay-halting cutscenes whilst you're still in first-personTL:DR: Just buy it on sale, it's worth it"
,Recommended,501590,31168317,Posted: 15 April,all,ashley_au,"Service to fans of the original, which I am. Great to see it again, and no need for GFWL!Playing as either Grayson or Duke adds an amusment factor, but I'll stick with Grayson. Plays well and looks great."
76561198022172892,Recommended,501590,31038407,Posted: 9 April,all,Wkma,Didn't realise this was even coming but preordered about four hours before release to get the Duke.Having played the original I can confirm this is more of the same but better looking and while the Duke is not that well implemented I still find it stupidly funny and am starting to have a blast once again.Surely people know what this is when they buy it so don't ♥♥♥♥♥ about it just have a blast...Edit. 10/10
76561197993611845,Recommended,501590,31039064,Posted: 9 April,all,EQUILLIBRIUM_LXXXVIII,"If you've missed all the frantic shooting action from 2011, you now get to relive that experience again with this Full Clip edition.  The visuals have improved but how much from the original release is subject to debate.I loved bulletstorm and was tired of the constant work-arounds for GFWL so to own this game again is great.  However, this is  a rather expensive remaster with the only true additon comes in the form of cheesy jokes and a Duke Nuklem skin.Pros:Blood and GoreSkillshot systemLeashing everythingGood renderingRootin, Tootin, Shootin good time.  OH YEAH!Cons:Expensive (perhaps $25-30)Too few graphic adjustmentsSame game content as original with a couple mods thrown inHorrible Duke Nukem DLCRandom bugs"
76561197968052081,Recommended,501590,31008348,Posted: 7 April,all,Zonver,Played the original and enjoyed it. This update with Duke Nukem is totaly enjoyable.
76561197972729143,Recommended,501590,32960750,Posted: 28 June,all,Warhero5000,Bulletstorm: Full Clip Edition Play it as the Duke. Cooler. Harder. Better. Hail to the King!
,Recommended,501590,31007024,Posted: 7 April,all,LeBron James,11/10 Would get stuck on the same level because Ishi disappered and wont respawn with chapter reloads and checkpoint reloads.
,Recommended,501590,31123396,Posted: 13 April,all,Kame,"Awesome game, best FPS out there, there is no other shooter with this unique gamplay. Coop multiplayer is a lot of fun if you have a friend to play, don't play with random people... trust me...Wait for a sale and get this."
76561198073518953,Recommended,501590,33033948,Posted: 30 June,all,DAM SON,A fun murder adventure!
76561198058040802,Recommended,501590,32902011,Posted: 27 June,all,Northrop-Grumman,"I tried to get the regular Bulletstorm but it didn't start. This one did. All in all, pretty good."
,Recommended,501590,31010023,Posted: 7 April,all,HoppCzar,"Lets just get right down to it. This game lets you control a multistory dinosaur that shoots lasers and kick people in the♥♥♥♥♥♥while they are bound and gagged with explosives. 10/10Legitimately? Im so happy I bought this again. What an outstanding FPS.- Solid Campaign- Best one liners ever (""Your going to kill my♥♥♥♥♥♥"" or ""You worthless♥♥♥♥♥maggots"")- Multiplayer that works finally due to the removal of GFWL- Some new content- Exceptional level design- Great gameplay, its just downright funThe only two negatives I have for this game are the lack of video quality controls and the motion blur you cant turn off. Other than these?R.I.P Waggleton P. Tallylicker"
,Recommended,501590,31001634,Posted: 7 April,all,WarStalkeR,"Good, old and brutal bulletstorm, with better graphics and optimized for modern hardware. And Duke Nukem's presence makes it even better.The only cons that is Duke Nukem lip synchornization wasn't implemented. It partially kills atmosphere of DN's badassery. FIX it, please. Thanks."
76561198204795228,Recommended,501590,31214271,Posted: 18 April,all,Matzel,"This is my 3. time buying this game and I don't regret it. Its fast, its fun, its just awesome. I love the diffrent ways to kill your enemies and also love to get higher scores each time I play.The Duke DLC is also nice, but next time you guys please have to try harder, the lip sync is horrible, thats not okay for ""The King"". But yea, money well spend and to all of you who think this game costs too much: Get a job."
,Recommended,501590,31002253,Posted: 7 April,all,Deuterium the Sentient Mattress,"Bulletstorm still holds up five years later, and with a new coat of paint it's looking gorgeous too!"
76561198054626774,Recommended,501590,33193662,Posted: 3 July,all,CyB3rThuG,"Damm this game is amazing!Could not sit it down until I finished the campaign.Still much much to do, and cant wait to play it co opDefinitely recommended, especially when on sale"
,Recommended,501590,31162889,Posted: 15 April,all,Squeaky,"Great game. Loved it when it first came out, glad to see a ""remake"" of it. It runs well, no issues and looks great."
76561198102564231,Recommended,501590,31016761,Posted: 8 April,all,AnDyBo_971,"""Hail to the king, baby"""
,Recommended,501590,31015634,Posted: 8 April,all,✪Nexus,"This game was an instant buy for me because i did not get to play the original cuz of the GFWL ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t wasn't available over here, plus it was 17 dolars for me.At some parts graphics show their age the scenery is gorgeous and the game is visually appealing but the graphic options are limited and there is motion blur that you can't turn off.The gameplay is where bulletstorm shines it's fun and addicting with the use of the skillshot system. Although it is a great game the campaign is too short and there is not much else after you finish it. Also some of the old bugs still exist like characters getting stuck on obstacles wich prevents you to progress through the level.The multiplayer and echoes modes are not fun and they are pretty much pointless.The addition of Duke Nukem is good and adds a different flavor to the story but some of the diologue is awkward and cringy. Also because the original character model not being changed the lip sync is bad but it's not terrible.Overall this game is a fantastic singleplayer game to sit back, relax and rip some damn fools apart with ways that are only limited by your imagination."
76561198199339490,Recommended,501590,31009743,Posted: 7 April,all,future_spear,alot of fun. i don't know why people say is bad. maybe cuz they don't know how to apreciate a real good game.
76561197970482328,Recommended,501590,31040170,Posted: 9 April,all,fjk1138,"This is a great action game, with tons of over the top action and story elements.  I always enjoyed the original and the remaster is still a lot of fun.  The Duke Nukem add on is fun, but I cannot forgive the programmers for just reskinning the original character and not correcting the animation - it looks like a dubbed karate movie during the cut scenes. Jon St John sounds great as Duke, as always however.There are very few menu options for graphics, and the extreme shaking in this game seems to trigger some migraines for me, so I have to play it in low doses.Being able to turn that off would have been nice.I've experience no bugs other than the occasional CTD when starting the game.  Apparently trying to skip the opening movies makes this happen more so than not.The price is also rather steep for being an older game (I could see it going for maybe half as much) considering you really don't get much else, so wait for the sale and get it then."
,Recommended,501590,31011186,Posted: 7 April,all,ZombieTKBahaBSRS!!,"For all my friends that don't have this game, since you can't buy the older version I have two words for you...GET IT!!!  I have loved this game since it first came out.  So when I saw the were re-doing it with better graphics, ( and yes they are better) and a hugher polygone count, I just had to have it.And no matter what anyone says, playing as Duke makes the game even more fun.  And yes they didn't change what anyone else says, but Duje makes up for it with what he says.So if you looking for a game that is a bloodfest with a lot of weapons including new ones, I highly reccomend this game.4.8 out of 5 stars!!!!!"
,Recommended,501590,34281230,Posted: 16 August,all,*PALE CROW*,meh....pick it on sales. and play it when you have no game to play
,Recommended,501590,31002123,Posted: 7 April,all,ZIOLIO,"if you like new DOOM you are gonna like it , fast ,brutal and sometimes hillarious"
,Recommended,501590,31012885,Posted: 8 April,all,Akula,"So maybe it's because I never played the original release, but this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing! Great gameplay, fast paced, encourages creativity, why can't we see more games like this? Plus, the Duke Nukem pack makes it extra ♥♥♥♥♥in, and on a bonus note, will provide all the modders out there with a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of new one-liners.On a side note, people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the DRM system? Shut up. I don't even notice it."
76561198035997459,Recommended,501590,31020473,Posted: 8 April,all,Billygreek,pretty good
76561197970752300,Recommended,501590,31017268,Posted: 8 April,all,Vaultboy101,Love the game and the job Gearbox have done. Originally bought it on XBOX 360 back in the day. Great remaster and runs flawlessly. Highly recommend!!!
,Recommended,501590,31057519,Posted: 10 April,all,aleske,"I haven't played the original, so I didn't have any expectations for the remaster except anything that was shown in the trailers. Lots of crude humor, and lots of hectic combat with crazy weapons and funny bullet time mechanics.And it was better than I anticipated. Cool game actually, may be, single player campaign is too short, but it's funny and great nonetheless."
,Recommended,501590,31002095,Posted: 7 April,all,RustyPieLover #rAgingElsa,"Okay some points1) Has Duke Nukem2) fantastic graphics3) same old bulletstorm, fantastic gameplay4) loving the tricks shots as alwasyBad Points1) How badly optomised is this game, that i launch it and it TANKS MY SYSTEM?(I have over 8 Gigs Ram, and it uses almost all of it...)2) That cringey dialect and mouth sync of Duke is a REAL turn off3) Some bad voice glitches, like kicking a gate and hearing Grayson laugh instead of Duke...4) No motion blur turn off is a real turn offAnyone have have any idea to improve this?"
,Recommended,501590,31032396,Posted: 8 April,all,Raid Boss,The original was a blast and so is this remake. The multiplayer is a hoot and I genuinely hope more folks play and participate. No technical issues so far on a low-med spec laptop and a high end desktop. Great game and definitely one of the most underrated games of our time.
,Recommended,501590,31035220,Posted: 9 April,all,|ICH| Der Typ mit der Wumme,"I remember the original had the the best dialog direction like.... EVER! Beeing 20 minutes into Duke's tour, I am laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off like a 12 year old.....10/10"
76561198168899265,Recommended,501590,31042090,Posted: 9 April,all,Harmless Idiot,this game is just as good as i remember it. it may be a little pricey but in my opinion the duke nukem tour makes it worth it. buy this.
76561198071413142,Recommended,501590,31044110,Posted: 9 April,all,Hedonism Bot,Gameplay is tons of fun but the writing is god awful.
,Recommended,501590,31040623,Posted: 9 April,all,Jackie Moon,"in progress ""review"" after 4 mins of playing:- mouse sensitivity too high even at lowest setting- audio is too loud/distorted+can play bulletstorm again+gold leash available to all (previously was limited/ce edition only)"
76561198023637559,Recommended,501590,31453759,Posted: 29 April,all,Omunall,"great game, smooth gameplay, old as♥♥♥♥♥♥rigIm happy"
,Recommended,501590,31134046,Posted: 14 April,all,Ok Game,Better marketing than previous edition (More successful)
,Recommended,501590,31029799,Posted: 8 April,all,m33p,Loved the game.. I hope someday we see a Bulletstorm 2.
76561198004388443,Recommended,501590,31032490,Posted: 8 April,all,rikster,"Very glad to see BulletStorm brought to Steam in this package. I own and have played the original game, but I could not purchase the DLC (it was unavailable). So now with this Full Clip Edition, I can finally enjoy this game and the DLC - many, many thanks to the devs and the publisher!!"
76561198149841220,Recommended,501590,31020106,Posted: 8 April,all,BADASSBOT,Look at that DOOMed space marine——Duke Nukem
,Recommended,501590,31042212,Posted: 9 April,all,ZombiePyroNinja,Play as Duke Nukem in a good game!
76561198038462951,Recommended,501590,31139544,Posted: 14 April,all,(CHN)Shepard1944,"No GFWL, that ia all.没有 GFWL,就是买它的理由。"
,Recommended,501590,31033164,Posted: 8 April,all,Lyceaos,its currently a little buggy but its a gloriousgame and i cant remoned this gae enough and the dlc for duke nukem is freaking awesome! this so needs to gain popularity and get a sequal
76561197970525021,Not Recommended,501590,32557803,Posted: 18 June,all,あらた,"No gamepad support. No coop, despite being advertised as having it."
,Not Recommended,501590,31007813,Posted: 7 April,all,SoulCircuit,"I highly recommended this game for the blind, since all you see is just black screen when launching the game. It's my first black screen game in my entire game life."
,Recommended,501590,31046790,Posted: 9 April,all,Trash Mammal,"This game has been decided to fail. PC gamers are smart. They're the smartest gamers out there. They don't think but know things other people might not, and one of those things is population counts. PC gamers don't think but know that a multiplayer game like Bulletstorm needs players to be fun. However, they also don't think but know that there simply aren't enough people to go around. Between Overwatch, CS:GO, TF2, CoD, Battlefield, hell even the MOBAs, who is left to populate the Bulletstorm servers? PC gamers don't think but know that there's nobody left. In order to strengthen Overwatch's player counts, PC gamers made a tough choice that they didn't think but knew was for the greater good. They decided Bulletstorm would fail. Nobody would buy it, nobody would play it, and all so Overwatch could be the best game it could be. Today, millions of happy gamers frag out in Overwatch. Bulletstorm and Gearbox should just cut their losses. When PC gamers decide something, it's decided, and no amount of dev work will change that decision. Let's just say I don't think Gearbox will hemorrhage money from this continued support."
,Recommended,501590,31058080,Posted: 10 April,all,masteryoda120988,"What can I say about this game? IT'S GREAT, I ADORE IT. It's the first time EVER IN MY LIFE I made a preorder, digital or otherwise. It's amazingly fun and amazingly funny and just all around amazing. Not perfect (not Bioshock), but sooooo delightful.Yes, everything you heard about Gearbox's shady bussiness practices is true: this ""remastered"" edition is just the original game repackaged with a slight visual upgrade (as if the game didn't look awesome for its time and doesn't still hold up today) and the few things that have been added don't warantee the price-tag. All true!!!! And if you own a WORKING version of the original, DO NOT waste your money on this. If you've never played the original, however and you want it on PC, yes, totally buy it, even at full price. Or if you're like me, and have the game on Origin and can't play it anymore because of the devs simply REFUSING to patch out the bulls**t GFWL DRM, ALSO buy it!!! Although you might want to wait for a BIG price reduction first. Not that the game isn't worth every penny of the 46 bucks it costs now, just that asking money twice for the same game is sort of disgusting. I think something like this is what they were waiting for, so People Can Fly DELIBERATELY refused to patch it out, so that fans will buy this thing again. We should have gotten it for FREE!!! It disgusts me to see the lows they'll go for a quick buck. But I fell for it..hook, line and sinker. Because I love this game THAT much.Next part of the review is for people who haven't played it and want to know about game-play and story. Everything is awesome! This is the only game where you can kick people in the face and send them flying for tens of meters in slow-mo, drag them to you with an energy whip (and then kick'em in the face), fling them into giant cacti and protrubing metal bars or..shoot them in the...uum ""medicine bag"" and kick their faces off as they beg you for mercy, while holding their hands to their genitals. If that doesn't sell you on this game, NOTHING will. And there are close to a hundred of these nifty tricks called skill-shots that you can pull off, each giving you more skill points than the other, for dispatching your enemies ""in style"". Or as the protagonist puts it...""murder as an art form"". And their names are absolutely HILARIOUS and more times than not you'll execute them just to get them written on your screen and laugh your head off. But the points aren't just for show, they serve the game-play as much as it serves them. You don't earn enough, you don't have currency with which to buy ammo. Which is a damn shame, cause the weapons in this game are all ridiculously amazing (or amazingly ridiculous, depends on how you want to put it): you have a thing that shoots two mines interconnected by a chain, which latch onto enemies and can be manually detonated for tons of fun, a cannon that would put the one from Serious Sam to shame (because the cannon-balls bounce around like beach balls) and...my personal favorite, a repurposed mining tool that shoots godd**n high-speed drills at enemies...HELLS F***ING YEAH!!!!! Even the more ""conventional"" weapons are geared towards psychotic chaos and mayhem: the revolver shoots explosive flares that launch people in the sky, the sniper rifle has smart, fully guidable bullets (a mini-game in itself) and the shotgun has a wider spread and a more destructive capability than the one in Painkiller. All it needed was a gun that shoots shurikens and lightning (or one with t*ts, that's on fire)...oops, wrong game :)). Do I really need to talk more about this?The story is pretty dark, serious and dramatic for such a tongue n'cheek game (although it won't win any story-telling awards like Bioshock, Max Payne or Spec Ops The Line) and that might turn people off a bit, but I like the daunting contrast, to be honest. The characters are all caricatures that speak almost exclusively in curses and puns...and I wouldn't have it any other way. Words like ""a*s"", ""f*ck"" and most especially ""d*ck"" form the basis for most sentences and it's hilarious. Although it does get old after a while, I won't deny it (as most good things tend to when you exaggerate with using them). And not all the jokes land. But the game does benefit from the superb voice acting talents of Steve ""The Man"" Blum and Jennifer Hale, so that's always a plus.The ""remastering"" wasn't a completely smooth trip and the game has some bugs and visual glitches, but nothing major or game-breaking. Original had some minor problems in that area too, at least on release, so that can clearly be worked on in post. And some minuses have been carried around from the original: EXTREMLY linear, no jump button except a contextual one for hopping obstacles and some weird level design in some places. I'll still give it a thumbs-up, just for how fun and funny it is, but make no mistake, it is a shameless rehash that exploits your love of the original for cash.To summarize: must-own for people who never played the original, don't bother if you have the original on a console and wait for a sale if you have it on Origin and can't play it anymore because of the damn GFWL.P.S. Oh right, about the novelty of playing as the King himself, Duke Nukem, I don't think it was worth preordering just for that (although with the 10% price deduction it might have almost been), but it is pretty funny and they exploit it for some unexpected meta-humor about him not supposing to be in this game (didn't think they could make the dialogue in this game even funnier).  Although I still prefer Steve Blum by a mile, especially since they didn't lip-sync his dialogue, which is pretty off-putting (not as bad as people whine about it in other reviews, though). At least he finally has a game worthy of his ""greatness"". HAIL TO THE KING, BABY!!!!!"
76561198068180362,Recommended,501590,31051511,Posted: 9 April,all,LoOOoLq8,Hi sorry for bad english - first i want to start of story mod without spoilers gameplay of story mod it was super fun like fight with bosses and enemy's  only i can say you will have good adventures never forgot. And sometimes the characters said funny thing i mean funny bad words. If you don't want characters said bad words you can turn it of on sitting. Story mod is better then duke nukem forever.------------------Now let's start with online modThe online mod is simple just waves.here is sample : if you finish wave 1 you have limted break to buy weapons and get ready for it you and your team before you kill all enemies  last enemy you must do something like kick the last enemy or bull him and headshot him like that. If you do that whatever wave told you you will got more money if you got more money you can unlock another waves if you have low money you can return in same wave ypu have done just now and make it better. Online mod you can unlock skins and characters clothing. Soif you like fps story mod or online you can buy it. Thank you for reading :)
76561198071809395,Not Recommended,501590,33069834,Posted: 30 June,all,CogHead,campaign is only 7 maybe 8 hours long. ammo felt too scarce for me(espically for a game called bulletstrom). COmbat was okay but focused to much on skillshots.
,Recommended,501590,31047070,Posted: 9 April,all,Flakey🎈,"This game makes my balls grow bigger, it's like Borderlands on steroids.  Contains cool and simplified combat coupled with good cutscenes, degrading language and a good storyline. The special kills and upgrades system reminds me of Darkness II."
,Recommended,501590,31053568,Posted: 9 April,all,AnigmaH,"So I remember playing this game in 2011 - 2012, and I remember loving this game to death (Mostly the reason why I got myself this remastered version of it). I love this game, and it looks like i just played 2 hours of this game but longer if you count it from playing it on consoles. If you want to find a good time well... get this game, for what it provides is: Humour, Gore, Action, Love, Good cinematic scenes (all packed with action), Monsters, and more♥♥♥♥♥♥Seriously it's a great game, a good time waster, something you would love to play.BUT! Before I go I'll give you a little ""Pros and Cons""Pros-ActionGreat StorylineLovable CharactersSarcasmLovable and awkward humour.Cons-Controls are pretty weird. (you can fix it to what you would like it to be, but still it's pretty weird)You can't change your ""aim sensitivity"" you can change your sensitivity but not the ""aim sensitivity"" sadly. It's a little too fast for my liking at least.9.3/10"
76561198043840880,Recommended,501590,31053895,Posted: 9 April,all,Bipolar Fish,"Solid re-master. Not on the level of Halo: Master Chief Collection, but they got rid of all the insanely annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥the original had such as Windows Live (kill me now), a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of mouse smoothing/acceleration that had to be disabled via the config files, and some generally annoying things such as locking you to 60 FPS and 5 FOV.However, it's 50$ for a game that's 6 years old. If you're willing to pay that and you love shooting people in the balls and then kicking them into a giant cactus, you will get your money's worth.If you're not willing, then waiting for a sale is definitely the right move. I think ~20$ or so is a solid price."
,Recommended,501590,31058724,Posted: 10 April,all,☠FruitLoops☠,"I have played and finished Bullet storm ""1"" And i do see alot of new changes to  the graphics and alot of glitches, I really do think the game is a bit over priced but a very, very nice game overall, i really do reccomend This to any hack and slash, FPS-Type gamers :) . Thank you for this amazing game <3 . I really do see alot of potensial with bulletstorm 2 and hope that This dev team will make one :)"
,Not Recommended,501590,33099088,Posted: 1 July,all,Spooky Sandwich,shity pc port
,Recommended,501590,32233950,Posted: 6 June,all,Michael Bob Jr The 3rd,over the top killing and actoin check.♥♥♥♥♥hat of a villnin check. game need a part 2.
76561198273323851,Not Recommended,501590,33655912,Posted: 19 July,all,Jack the Ranger,Awful.
76561198271713353,Recommended,501590,32555152,Posted: 18 June,all,trisalty,lol
,Recommended,501590,31002252,Posted: 7 April,all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
76561197990172726,Recommended,501590,31023286,Posted: 8 April,all,KingTiger,"The game is insane mindless fun, the dialogue is funny, and duke Nukem DLC was even funnier.I have not experienced any lag or issues with the port which is a great plus these days for PC games.A bit pricey but for the enjoyment I am getting, I felt it was justified.Beats the current shooters any day."
