user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197961372576,Not Recommended,501860,25792290,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Delor,"Slayer Shock seems woefully underbaked.In Slayer Shock, you play through a series of missions, earning ""Vampire Dust"" with which to unlock new skills, weapons, and intel.  Missions take place in a series of procedurally generated levels that make up your town.  On each mission you sneak and fight your way across a map to complete an objective, which amounts to either ""kill several elite vampires"" or ""walk to the following locations and press the use key"".As you complete missions, the town builds up terror and gradually shuts down in an Arkham Horror or X-Com-ish way.  Every mission the place you go to will go up or down depending on your success, two other places go up, and an event may throw some additional random-ness into the mix.  Eventually you die or research the final mission and complete it and the ""season"" ends.Repeat this across five seasons of increasing difficulty with skills and equipment carried over, then start a new ""generation"" and repeat everything you've done before over again with an increased difficulty and a ""rogue vampire"" ally.This all sounds quite good, but the problem is all of it is unsatisfying and bare bones.  None of it feels that good, has any depth, or possesses any of the variety and sense of discovery that made Eldritch compelling.Maps are pretty much boring, linear canyons littered with obstacles, light sources, and structures in a way that doesn't come together in an interesting fashion.Stealth feels half-baked.  Moreso, it's poorly explained and presented.  There's neither much of a visibility indicator nor much of a tutorial on how it works to let you figure that out absent explicit UI feedback.  You mostly have to assume that basic video game conventions apply.  Definitely don't run, don't be in front of enemies, stay out of light sources and be careful with your flashlight.  Noisy terrain bad?  Crouching good?  Smashing things make noise?  Cornfields provide visual cover?  No idea, although I've smashed some stuff pretty close to bad guys and haven't worken them so I'm guessing not all of those apply.Ambiguity aside, there's just not enough interesting terrain, mechanics, or enemy behaviors to make sneaking particularly interesting.  Look at the map and the enemy patrol patterns, guess where you can avoid being too in front of the enemies, and go for it, and that's about it.  If you aren't on a hard enough difficulty to mandate it, you'll almost certainly find yourself sprinting across every map just to make it end faster.Enemy variety is poor.  There are five kinds of enemies, and you'll likely see four of those on your first mission.  They vary slightly in what attack and evasion patterns you'll want to engage them with but are all dead simple.  Denser enemies on harder difficulties complicate matters, but that just means you'll need to be a little careful about aggro and kite a lot, or engage with the tedious stealth game.  The only remotely interesting thing here is that werewolves fight vampires, allowing you to use enemies against each other somewhat.The game is also paired with incredibly uninteresting combat.  Weapons have minimal animation and sound effects, and enemies show no reaction to being struck until the killing blow.Firing a crossbow, for example, consists of pulling the trigger, seeing a slow-moving smoke ring come off the front (I guess it's a gunpowder-powered crossbow?), and maybe your enemy drops about 15% of their health and notices you.  Sometimes it doesn't hurt them, and with no visible projectile it's hard to tell if that's due to inaccuracy or a range cap on the weapon.  Melee attacks are even worse- simple swipes with no sense of impact.Mechanically, the situation is no better.  Other than whiffing at your opponent with your main weapon until their health bar is empty, combat offers some basic damage resistance mechanics to encourage you to mix up weapons, a push/stun, and if you sneak up on an enemy you can inflict double damage if you've researched the skill.  That's about the lot of it.Overall, combat feels feels weightless and repetitive.Previews of this game in the media made a big deal about the game being about learning about your enemies and figuring out how to defeat them, with phrases like ""Ideally, you shouldn't succeed the first time you encounter a threat"".  (from Rock, Paper, Shotgun)  This seems entirely absent from the game.  With the shallow monster pool you won't regularly be encountering anything new, and the bosses appear to be simply HP and attack rate buffed versions of a normal monster with different damage resistances.Research consists of spending X dust and waiting for Y days to get info about the ""big bad"".  The first research tells you who and how many, which doesn't seem to do anything.  Then you can research three things in any order.  First, where the big bads are- presumably to avoid encountering them, although that's just a guess because encountering and beating them early doesn't seem to give you anything.  Secondly, you can learn the monster's vulnerabilities and resistances, which is obviously useful.  Finally, you can unlock the final mission which will let you end the game.As I played Slayer Shock, my wife watched me play and said ""This is an Early Access game, right?""  No, it's not and it costs $20, but it sure feels like somewhere between a very nicely polished free internet game, and an early access game that's got a solid framework in place but that hasn't been fleshed out at all.  I'd recommend you save your money.  There's little content and even less depth here."
,Not Recommended,501860,31374649,Posted: 26 April,all,Captainbubby,"Both Eldritch and Neon Struct were games I absolutely loved. So much so, that I pledged that any future games developed by Minor Key Games would become instant purchases for me.Unfortunately, as has been stated by several others, this game really is underbaked and rather vapid. Yes, the levels are proceduraly generated; but that more or less boils down to thirty farms/buildings/schools/dorms that are nearly indentical with the only really differentiator being whether there are chests or vampires inside.I was optimistic about future updates, as there is definitely promise in the mechanics and execution, but that was sadly not to be. As it stands, the game almost feels like a preview screening of a rough cut of a film without any substantial edits or special effects included."
76561198045801816,Not Recommended,501860,33593396,Posted: 16 July,all,SmokeMcCloud,"It sounds fun and the concept is nice, but do yourself a favor and pass on this one.The combat is poor, hitboxes don't line up and the balance is bad. It revolves around circle strafing while you get hit and deliver hits from far beyond the range you seem to be able to touch or be touched by the enemies.The stealth is poor, the conventions that would seem to apply do not. Think crouching and being quiet and staying in bushes and the like helps conceal you? It does not. You can simply run around and as long as you are not in the enemies cone of vision it doesn't matter how fast or what you are doing stealth is there. It's baffling going from eldritch to this.The enemies are poor, their hitboxes are poorly stated, and can deliver blows from far beyond where their attacks are visible. In essence you take hits from a long distance beyond where enemies swipe the air. And the enemies that can attack with ranged attacks. They never miss, and can only be dodged by jumping over them. Many enemies that can attack at range can also teleport randomly, and will often teleport and fire at the same time, making for very poor fights.Enemies randomly respawn in a radius around you. Making stealth impossible. Making combat frustrating. I've literally seen enemies spawn out of thin air a few feet in front of my very eyes.The weapons are poor. The melee hitboxes are poorly stated and can deliver blows far beyond what their visual animations represent. The range is less then that of the enemies you will encounter. The ranged weapons are poor. They are weak and unable to see regular use, and their ammo pool restricting making them unable to see regular use. In addition you can aim down the sights. but most of the weaponry has large firing effects making the use of iron sights more of a detriment then an asset.This things make Slayer Shock a poor experience."
,Recommended,501860,25771053,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Fried Yeti,"The love child of Eldritch and Buffy.After playing through a full season on Hard, here are my thoughts:If you enjoyed Eldritch and/or NeonStruct and you enjoy the idea of hunting vampires in Nebraska, then you'll enjoy this game as well.Pros:Same great controls that Eldritch and NeonStruct had, but it feels even more refined.Has many weapons to collect and choose from (including a Holy Water Super Soaker).5 different level types, each time you go to one it's randomly generated.4 different mission types: Patrol, Hunt, Steal, and Rescue (as well as the season Finale missions).Choose how you want to play: You can stealth the missions or you can go in Super Soaker spewing.Random events: Chance of a different event each day (e.g. someone is busy with exams and won't be there to help).Season recaps: after completing a season, each mission you went on is recapped in the Yearbook.A great CC-BY soundtrack.Cons:Can get repetitive** After the first season I feel like I know all the maps even though they are randomly generated each time. The layout changes, but the main features are always there. The other part is that the missions don't have much evolution, it's the same 4 types, just in different places.However, I am still enjoying this and know that there's still more hidden in this game just waiting to be found. (Creator previously showed images of werewolves O:)"
,Recommended,501860,30604210,Posted: 18 March,all,t. mike,"If ever a game deserved a Trespasser Award for failing to meet potential, Slayer Shock would take it in 2016. Slayer Shock, as it was released, is a pretty good game, but an amazing concept: It just feels incomplete, and that incompleteness unjustly led to it being forgotten within a week of its September release.Slayer Shock is a Buffy the Vampire Slayer simulator with procedurally generated tropes from the series. Everything about it pays homage to the earliest seasons of Buffy, and the game’s story is even laid out like a TV show, with missions being episodes, and a randomized Big Bad gaining power over the course of a season. Rescue hostages from monsters, collect artifacts to combat each season’s Big Bad, listen to acoustic tunes reminiscent of ’90s hits, make and lose friends who help your cause from your cafe base, and upgrade the slayer’s skills as she goes through high school — much of Buffy is intact here.Developer David Pittman has continually created updates to bring it closer to the excellent game lurking under the surface, but it perhaps would have benefited from Steam’s Early Access program. I’m still happy to support developer Minor Key Games, as NEON STRUCT was one of 2015’s finest indie games, and the experimental development risks he takes deserve a lot of respect."
,Not Recommended,501860,34014618,Posted: 4 August,all,williamflipper,"I wish I could love this game, I wish I could play on full screen. I wish my gang wasn't made up of static marionette. I wish the the enemy were not puppets on roller blades. I wish I could not ear constant vampire growling regardless of their vicinity. I wish I could sneak around trusting my ears..I wish it was a full realized game. I wish it was not an overpriced beta.I don't have any hate toward the developers. I wish it was fun."
,Recommended,501860,25770703,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Just Some Guy,"Just like eldritch, my favorite kind of game.You start off with a stake and a nailgun. I accidently bought something worth all of my money and couldn't buy any nails. I still (Won?) the level.It is so satisfying to lockpick chests and have all of your items replenished, so ammo isn't a problem (Just try not to kill everything you see because otherwise it will).Every level you complete a mission you will be rewarded with vampire dust (Gained from killing elites, terrares and the weird exploding levetating vampires) which you can spend on the skill tree, ammo, research and weapons. I'm sure there's more you can spend it on.The skill tree has NO useless skills. Maybe the more damage for stake if you use another melee weapon, but thats where the carry 4 weapons skill comes in.Only con for me would be the screams of the damned vampires.Overall, watch the steam greenlight gameplay to see if you would like it, as that has everything except the tutorial, A lot of the other missions and the AMAZING HAND CUSTOMIZATION.Thanks for reading, and thanks for the amazing game."
,Not Recommended,501860,31775724,Posted: 15 May,all,stufff,"I actually like this game, but I can't recommend it for the price it goes for and the unfinished feel of it right now.The skill tree is too short and simplistic, it's easy to max out in the first 1/4th of the game (the first ""season"").Gameplay can be fun but it's too easy to cheese. The game has a heavy emphasis on stealth but the stealth system really doesn't work very well. It's hard to tell when you are and are not visible. Hiding in shrubs and tall grass completely obscures your vision but does nothing to hide you from the enemy. I've basically given up on stealth as I've found that just going balls out rambo style is more effective, but it's less fun than good stealth would be. Circle strafing enemies while using melee attacks is pretty much the best strategy for all enemies.Enemies don't stay dead, they respawn constantly so there is no point in clearing an area or killing weaker enemies who don't give you anything when they die. The respawn rate is insanely high and enemies will often spawn right behind you while you're fighting someone else. It's annoying.Location variety is not good enough. There are basically 5 locations that have procedurally generated maps, but they look and feel the same every time. Considering you're going to be playing 10-20 ""episodes"" a ""season"" for 4 seasons, you're going to visit and replay each location about 15 times on average, per playthrough.Despite all this I do think the game is often fun, but I'm going to be disappointed if it doesn't get a lot more added to it. It feels like an early access game right now that has great potential but will still need a lot of work to get there."
76561197991921123,Recommended,501860,25769736,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,meshuggah12345,"So far, Slayer Shock is my favorite title Minor Key games has released. Many more options for tackling objectives, makes this game much easier for me to get into. I love a good stealth game, but I also like the option to cut loose and use the weapons at my disposal. Slayer Shock gives you that and more. Collect vampire dust to gain new abilites and purchase new weapons, ammo and bracelets. A really interesting and fun game. Recommended!"
,Not Recommended,501860,34387987,Posted: 20 August,all,Kafkaish,I'd really want to like this game and support the devs behind Eldritch but I can't really defend this mess.
,Recommended,501860,27247879,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Retcon,A game for fans of Buffy the Vampire SlayerThis one is a bit rough and odd at times so it is difficult to give a general recommendation. It basically comes down to if you have watched and liked Buffy back in the day because this game is a love letter to that show. If you have never seen it you will not get the jokes and references in the game (for example the achievement names) and you will lose out on alot of atmosphere.
,Recommended,501860,26366436,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Cyborg Hobbit,"I'm a big fan of David Pittman's earlier hits ELDRITCH and NEON STRUCT. I feel like SLAYER SHOCK takes the best mechanics of those two and improves the whole formula at the same time.I wish the Hub was a little cozier, but that's just personal taste and doesn't affect gameplay. The music changes when enemies charge towards you, but I'd like to better know as soon as I'm noticed (again, just personal taste).I got it on sale and feel it's well worth the price I paid. Like ELDRITCH I expect to keep coming back to it for medium sized bites of playtime that don't disappoint.   I'm glad I bought it."
,Recommended,501860,27880904,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,linuxpunk,"Must have if you're a Buffy fanBut you can skip if you don't know what a ""buffy"" is...Procedual generated elements (missions, characters, story bits)Low poly graphs.Stealth based FPSFilled with Buffy The Vampire Slayer references.Multiplataform (appreciate the Linux support)Eldritchmightbe a better Rougelike game, but if you fancy 1990's TV references more than Lovecraft, getSlayer Shock."
,Not Recommended,501860,26298297,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ImperialPanda,"I wanted to like this game but I feel like there are some design choice that need to be revameped in order to make the experience more fun. The game is hard cause of any true difficulty but from mishandled mechanics.The game has a rudimentary stealth system that it doesn't emphazise but is a necessity. Level contains loads of mobs that can easily swarm you and overpower you. The best way to handle enemies is to try to either sneak past them or to double tap them when they're unaware. The problem is, there is little to no way to gauge how hidden you are or an enemy line of sight. This problem is further acentuated in levels that are completely dark or have tall foliage that obscures your sight.The early game combat is grueling and unfair even for rogue-like standards. Your starting weapon has almost no reach and does so little damage against the mobs. You get a range weapon after the tutorial, but it does little damage as well and you run out of ammo quickly. There are chests scattered throughout the levels for you to pick and receive a resupply, but this is still frustrating as enemies respawn but supplies don't. You can clear a whole room and use up your healing and ammo but on a return trip new mobs will be waiting.Since supplies are scarce, it makes you think that you should focus on stealth. However, this has rpg elements and requires that players kill special mobs to get exp currency. While you receive some currency from completing missions, you miss out on bonus currency if you avoid combat. Worse, some mission require you to fight hard mobs at the very beginning of the game when you have no upgrades (the harrowing ritual to be exact).The game bleeds atmosphere. It bleeds potential. But the game is anemic in terms of balance and developed mechanics. Stealth is too flimsy, early game combat too clunky, enemy spawn rates too unfair and design choices that make the game needlessly difficult. Granted, I only played for a lil over an hour but I felt from what I saw it did not look like the game would be worth the cost of admission.If the dev updates the game to be more fleshed out and mechanically sound, I am willing to try it again. As is, playing the first hour was a frustrating beat down."
76561197987872190,Recommended,501860,34867764,Posted: 10 September,all,asterne,"First, I owe the developer an apology.I've wanted Slayer Shock for a long time, but the $20 pricetag and the very mixed reviews kept me away.  Then it went on sale for $9 and I bought it.  I didn't like it very much, mostly for the reasons listed in other reviews (Does the stealth even work?  The spawning).  After an hour of playing, I decided it wasn't worth a $9 ♥♥♥♥♥ing from the wife and I refunded it.  I've never refunded a Steam game before, and I think I've been on Steam for around 15 years.I wrote ""The game is a hot mess"" in the refund reason box.But there was something about the game that kept my mind coming back to  it.  I really wished that I could play it a couple more times and at least look over some of the proceedural generation stuff that made me interested in the game in the first place.I decided to play some Eldritch (by same developer) to sort of scratch the itch for Slayer Shock, which I had just refunded.   I played a few minutes of Eldritch, and it reminded me that I initially didn't like Eldritch that much.  It took Eldritch a little while to grow on me, but I eventually became very fond of it.Then I ended up reading a Dev-blog by the Developer of Slayer Shock.  The developer explained a lot of his design decisions and philosophies behind Slayer Shock, and it started to make more sense to me.  I hadn't taken enough time to learn or adjust to the gameplay or understand exactly how this game works.So I decided to give it another try.  I bought it again and dived in.  I burned through ten hours like it was nothing and am now a big fan of the game.Allow me to address some of the issues that came up in negative reviews and gave me an initial bad impression:Stealth:  It actually does work.  The foliage does hide you, and vampires do respond to noise.  When I first re-bought the game, I decided to focus on observing Vampire behavior more than actually winning the game.  I learned that Stealth works fine.  Sometimes you get spotted, but mostly, hiding in bushes and tall grass does work.   And the Vampires aren't as brain dead as I initially thought.  For awhile, I was busting doors down to save time.  I didn't think the vampies were responding to the noise.  But then after doing it one time, I happened to be watching out a second story window, and I actually saw a couple of vampires walk over to the door I busted and check it out.  They actually looked at it for a few moments and then came in the house looking for me.  I have since observed this behavior several times.    When you are spotted, they will come after you and look for you after loosing line of sight.  They often end up finding me eventually.  They seem to also notice vampire dust laying on the ground.Spawning:  A lot of complaints about enemy spawning, and that was what really put me off on the game at first too.   Most of the Vampires are spawned at level start and go about their business until they spot you, but the game also periodically spawns in new enemies.  It works a lot like ""The Director"" in Left For Dead--periodically it will spawn in  a few minions--sometimes a swarms of them might come running from around a corner and you suddenly find yourself in a brawl.It can be a little clumsy, sometimes.  I have seen them just appear out of nowhere, but usually they come out of a room or from behind a corner exactly like the zombies do in Left For Dead.  Despite being a little immersion breaking when the occasional clumsy respawn happens, it actually keeps the levels fresh, unpredictable, and challenging.   Its not a stealth game, its an action/stealth game.  I do a lot of sneaking around, but every now and then♥♥♥♥♥♥just hits the fan because of the re-spawns--and the game is better for it.Furthermore, after observing the Vampires in detail--I realized a lot of the ""spawning"" I was complaining about wasn't spawning at all.   Sometimes you clear a house, go to the second floor, and when you come back downstairs, there are a bunch of vampires hainging out in the living room.--and youre♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because the game cheesed you with a respawn.  But I observed that some groups of vampires take really long patrols, and more often than not, those vampires actually came from down the street.  There's a pretty good chance they're all down there because you made a bunch of noise and they came to see what was going on.Ive witnessed this behavior on several occasions.The proceedural generation of levels and enemy vampires is really good.  I would have liked to see a little more variety in some of the level lay-outs, but overall its pretty solid.   The Master Vampire is proceedurally generated, and it comes up with a unique, fun bad guy that has quite a bit of character.  Again, I wish the Dev would continue to take it further, but its very solid as is.  Random events between levels are also interesting.  Sometimes a vital team-mate is absent or gone for good, and it really puts you in a pinch.  Sometimes a postive event happens that saves your bacon, and you are so glad.Its a great game.  I'm ten hours in and its still the game im currently playing the most.  If you are really into procedural generations, rogue-likes, random plot points and events, and horror, you will probably enjoy the game once you give it a little time and effort.I will say this though--$20 is madness.  Its got a lot of content, but it need more content and more polish if its going to be $20.  I think $10-$12 is about right for this title in its current state-- Not because there is anything wrong with Slayer Shock--but because there is a lot of competition out there for your $20 bucks."
76561198038659734,Not Recommended,501860,26589488,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Knight9910,"Let me start by saying that I do really like developers Minor Key Games. At the time of this writingI've got 44 hours in their first game,Eldritch, a ""Call of Cthulhuby way ofMinecraft"" type first person rogue-lite. So you could say I'm a fan and none of this is meant as an insult against them.Slayer Shockis an interesting game and does have potential. You play as the Slayer, an implied Buffy expy who hangs out in a coffee shop with a gang of friends and occasionally goes out to hunt undead monsters. The game is very Buffy, even to the extent of dividing itself up into seasons and episodes - every mission is an episode, find and defeat the boss vamp, that's the end of the season. Move on to the next season and the next boss.It isn't a bad premise and like I said it does have potential. The problem right now is the gameplay. Again, the idea isn't bad. It's basically the same combat and movement mechanics fromEldritch, but turned up a notch. There are RPG elements at play; you can't just expect 1-2 shot kills all the time like you could inEldritch, instead enemies actually have HP and damage stats of their own.And that's kind of the issue here.Slayer Shockis a hard game, and unfortunately it's not all for legitimate reasons. Despite what the game's Steam store page says stealth really isn't optional. Enemies tend to travel in large packs, they often take many hits to kill and they strike fast so evading isn't as easy as it was inEldritch. If you're playing on anything above Easy difficulty open combat becomes suicidal, so you'll really need to rely on stealth to get by.The problem is, the stealth doesn't work very well. You move so slow that trying to sneak up behind enemies while they're moving away from you is next to impossible, there is no grace period when you're spotted, and even with the perk that lets you deal additional damage on a backstab you're STILL looking at a protacted battle against most enemies.Worse, enemies like to spawn in on top of you. I've seen enemies pop up two inches in front of my face as I was walking, and unlikeEldritchwhere you could stop spawns by not looting enemies, here there is NO WAY to stop new enemies from re-appearing constantly.Basically,Slayer Shockis a good premise, executed poorly. The developers are still working on the game as of this writing, so hopefully they'll fix the stealth mechanics and the respawn problem. If they do then expect this review to be updated but for right now I can't really recommend this game in good faith.KR Rating: [2] BADSee the original review on my blog."
76561197968777162,Recommended,501860,25800859,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Archon,"So this review is likely to be long.  But before I begin I want you to do something.  Type the word ""vampire"" into the search engine for Steam and see how many games come up.  Now, assuming you're a hardcore turbonerd like me, count how many -good- games there are that don't start with the words ""Vampire the Masquerade:  Bloodlines"".  Unless something changes in the near future the number of games is likely to be close to maybe either one or zero.Now that you've done that, try counting how many games are basically a procedurally generated Buffy the Vampire simulator.  Betcha you're only going to see one!  Seriously, that alone makes the game worth it's weight in gold.  The concept is unique enough that the nostalgia factor might be worth it to some people.So yeah.  Slayer Shock puts you in the role of a bracelet and hand obssessed ""Slayer"" straight out of one of Joss Whedon's famous TV series.  And by Slayer it's subtly implied that you were bitten and are a half vampire.  You'll start out weak and slow with nothing but a stake and a crappy nail gun and end each ""series"" a super fast katana wielding ninja that can outrun a car.This isn't an entirely serious game.  Let's make this clear.  There's just as much tongue in cheek humour poking fun at the idea of the genre and setting as there is darker stuff.  One season I had protests occur at the school campus demanding more humane treatment of vampires that ironically ended with the vampires attacking the students.  The next had one of my shopkeeper NPC's get beaten so badly that she expired in the hospital a few days later.  I'd say it was dark, and it was!  But I got my revenge by hosing down a bunch of vampires with a super soaker filled with holy water.Of course that's kind of the problem as well.  What the game does well (An at times tense and fast paced slugfest/stealth game through hordes of the ravenous undead.) it does extremely well.  I'll echo the sentiment from other reviews that at its heart the combat and mission running content of the game game hammers that part of your brain that loves to get minor, ultimately meaningless achievements.  It's got that potentially classic arcadey feel to it.However there is a sticking point.  After the first few seasons it starts to get really repetitive.  The four or so levels only occasionally vary up into new configurations, the bosses never verge off into really unique traits outside of a series of ""weak to this element, strong to this element"" gameplay, the events are ultimately not that meaningful, there's only a few enemy types, and eventually the same events will keep occurring over and over and over and over and GODDAMNIT Kari you insufferable ♥♥♥♥♥ you've scared off our weaponsmith for the sixth time now with your snooty personality!It doesn't get any easier to tolerate the lack of replayability once you complete a ""series"" of seasons and get legacy points.  Your would-be sire falls to your authentic hanzo steel, the game goes into the slow-mo mode you've become familiar with by now and...You wake up at the start all over again with new bosses + 15 ""legacy points"" while your mentor remarks that your nightmares post bite are getting even worse.  The game continues to get harder from there with every enemy getting damage and defense buffs.  That's it.  Same random events you'll be familiar with.  Same boss types (only with new names and new weaknesses and resistances.).  Same old same old.So yeah.  If you're expecting a hugely interesting Whedon-esque story or for this to be the most mechanically ""deep"" game in terms of replayability at the moment you might be disappointed.  There's some neat stuff that could be done with what's there, but for a game that has so many random elements there's not as much as what probably -should- be there at the moment.  Keep that in mind.I'm giving it a thumbs up because going off of an old post in Eldritch's forum the developer will likely continue to develop this with new content post release.  Supposedly Slayer Shock is a spiritual successor to Eldritch and it'll be much easier to develop content for.  Hopefully that means that it'll get many content updates as time goes by.  If not i'll probably have to edit this review and reassess whether the game is worth it or not.Other than that?  The game's a gold mine.  It'll suck you in for a few hours and leave you wishing there was more of it.  If all this isn't worth $20 to you then pick it up on sale some time."
,Recommended,501860,25811506,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,GAWMan,"After putting 90+ hours into Eldritch I was ecstatic when I saw Minor Key Games was making another FPS. This time with 'Buffy the Vampire Slayer' action and RPG elementsPROS:-Very fast paced, addicting action. Prepare for a heart attack everytime a Minion or Elite jump into your face-Great level design. Each level is semi-randomized to keep you guessing-Extensive weapon / upgrade system. In particular, I found the upgrade system allowed you to tailor your character to your play style (do you like to kill a lot, or run away from enemies?)CONS:-You play the same 5 levels... over and over which on higher difficulties will drive you crazy-Despite the crazy weapon system you can get away with using the starting weapon (Stake) for most of the game-Graphics look very goofy for a horror game-Game soundtrack is a strange mix of music, some is also re-used from EldritchTL;DR: Not as good as Eldritch, but is an entertaining experience in it's own regard"
,Not Recommended,501860,25805360,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,vodolaz095,"Technically game is finished and polished, but gameplay and balance is frustrating, at least for normal level of difficultyPros:1.high fps, smooth contols, linux version, stable gameplay (no hangs and freezes).2. Quite various - 6 types - melee turbozombi style vampire minions, taboo (ghostly ranged shooter who explodes before dying), elite vampire( more human like minion with ranged attack), tarrare (charging big vampire), big bad (overpowered elite), werwolfs.3. LockpickingCons:0. Quite costly - wait for sale.1. balance issues - when you find fanged or silver katana, game turns into first person slasher like Diablo, but from 1st point of view.2. until katana - it has some attempts to be sneak shooter with quite overpowered enemies with  grouping behaviour.3. You can meet all enemies in first few missions4. Stealth approach can be unfairly hard, but optional task to avoid detection doesn't provide any rewards.5. some graphics glitches (ok, i have Fedora Linux with AMD Graphics card, so it happens).6. Very underpowered weapons, Holy Water Vials (grenade like weapons) kills weakest monster with 2-3 strikes7. And, opposite to 6, i think very overpowered katanas - 1-2 strikes to kill minions, 3-4 to kill elites.Result: -1. Eldrich is much more interesting and better."
,Recommended,501860,25847148,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Artyom,"This game is pretty good fun, i'd wait until its a little cheaper but definitly a pickup, especially if you like fast paced action with some very light stealth mechanics. Once you get a few upgrades and weapons the game really picks up, and it turns from a kind of stealth game to more of an action game with some pretty cool movement/weapons options."
76561197972469397,Recommended,501860,25847918,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,bi204-1,"Decent game, but it could use more level and enemy variety and a good ending.  The weapon and enemy design is solid.  Having multiple weapons with multiple types of ammo, makes the game more fun and adds more strategy and variety to the game.   I also like how all the different types of vampires make a sound when they spot you.  You can also level up your character and improve her skills, which adds more strategy to the game.However, on the down side, you never actually get to see what she looks like other than her hands.  You can customize her skin tone and the color of her nails, but nothing else.  That seems kind of strange to me.  Also The game gets too repetative after awhile.  Sure it randomizes things a bit by changing the vampire / chest / hostage placement throughout the levels, however it still repeats the same six levels over and over again.  In each of the five seasons ( or chapters ) you have to choose between missions on the same six maps.   It would have been better if they had only made two or three seasons instead of five and had different levels for the other seasons, instead of repeating the same six on the map over and over again.  Also the big bads ( or boss vampires ) are a bit too similar to the regular ""elite"" vampires.  What's more, they only add one new enemy type after the first season.   I won't say what that emeny is exactly, since I don't want to spoil it for anyone who buys this game, but you don't even encounter them that often.  It would have also made the game a bit more interesting and a bit less repetative if there were hazards, such as spikes and acide that could hurt the player, in addition to the enemies.Slayer Shock is okay, but could use some tremendous improvements."
,Recommended,501860,29737093,Posted: 6 February,all,Draculascastle1,"I originally bought their game Eldritch, and saw this one after adoring that game. From my name you can tell this one was an easy sale. But aside from that, I love Buffy the Vampire Slayer. One of my favorites growing up. This has that type of feel for sure, and I love it.  In my opinion, though a bit biased, is that this is a worth it purchase."
,Recommended,501860,25813134,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dice-Crow,"I'm going to be shot with this as not to take up too much time.1 you can customize skin tone and fingernail polish, which is cool.2 the controls and movement are simple but effective, if you like the way neon struct moves you will love this3 yes it is repetative but its easy to pick up and quite fun when you turn your brain off and just hunt vampires.4 lots of items to unlock and a good amount of diffictulty settings.5 xbox controller support if you swing your games that way6 a jazzy fun soundtrack7 i'm 99% sure this game can be played infinitly"
,Recommended,501860,25791627,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Radiatoryang,"Solid game with a bunch of different weapon and upgrade combos. It really nails the Buffy feel when a vampire lunges out at you, and you stake it at just the right time, and it disintegrates into dust -- you'll feel like a badass vampire slayer or whatever. Plus, you get to paint your nails. (DISCLOSURE: I was once on a conference panel with the developer, a few years ago)"
76561198049350749,Not Recommended,501860,26342911,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Skirlasvoud,"It's very clear that Slayer Shock has the heart in the right place and it sticks head and shoulders above the metric boatloads of other crappy Steam First Person Horror Monster Shooters out there. Love and effort went into it to turn it into a respectable product. There are gameplay mechanics such as infestation, location based missions, different goals and objectives, a currency system and RPG upgrade mechanic, all polished up to a point where everything looks integrated into a coherent design and art style.However, that won't make up for the fact that ALL of it is STILL incredibly rudimentary and with horribly low production values. Controls on keyboard and mouse are clunky and banal. Some of the plastic blob people and wooden monster animations are straight out of some of the worst titles out there. Hits still register on certain monsters unsatisfyingly and especially the flaming man is a confusing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who pops in and out of existence on anti-climatic whim. Maps, despite being procedurally generated, repeat quickly and after just 5 missions you've seen it all. If not for the 3D art and the likeable art style and music, it's the kind of game you could find on Newgrounds or as a Minecraft mod. It's a plucky little Indy title and it deserves SOME consideration for the amount of spunk it has, but not above the 4-6 bucks price line.I can see the merits the title has, but as a steam game, it can't be considered as more than a lovable arts & crafts project that doesn't deserve hate, but doesn't do enough to be worth recommending either."
76561198051141357,Recommended,501860,25813139,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Attic Ghost,"Pros:The core concept and theme are great.The RPG elements give the game a healthy progression.It is fun to play, and can be pretty challenging depending on the difficult setting.An overall good game.Cons:Random enemy spawn, which seems counter inuitive for a stealth/exploration game, leaving no reward for killing enemies, only a penalty (from losing health after battle) only to have more enemies appear (seems like patrol AI would have been a better solution to keep tension going).Enemy SFX while not alerted by your presence are too similar to the SFX when they see you.A little expensive for this ""size"" game."
,Not Recommended,501860,26339972,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Pizzatime Murder,"This is just not a good game, and it is such a shame because the developer can do WAY better."
76561198126975019,Recommended,501860,31760666,Posted: 14 May,all,wolfinston85,"If this game didn't come from ""Minor Key Games"" the same creators of ""Eldritch"" I would have simply assumed from both, the reviews, as well as from the pictures, that this was another one of those ""shovelware"" titles filled with bugs, uninspiration, and lazyness, a simple quick bang and a buck attempt by some random stranger that's trying to take advantage of the incredibly poor ""quality control"" that Steam has as a storefront (no offense).Just another piece of random shovelware.But... Since it came from a company that made a nice game I made the decision to ignore the rest of the Steam reviews and buy the game on a sale that I thought offer a decent price, I wasn't expecting much, and luckily I wasn't dissapointed.It's a decent game, not a great game, enough to entretain for a couple of hours, but not enough to maybe be something truly memorable, you may find yourself remembering some experiences that you had with it, but expect nothing special from this, other than the uniqueness of it's concept, that being of an organization of young college students that form some kind of alliance against the evil vampire forces, the game doesn't really carry even the ""fleshness"" that you would expect from a finished game, yes, even from an indie finish release.For starters the graphics are muddy, and the aesthetic which could compensate for it, is sadly also severely lacking from this, i'm not saying make a game that looks like a triple a title, but do show the competense that you showcased in creating something unique and special with the aesthetic of something like Eldritch, that game was limited on that side of things, but it was astute enough to know how to counteract those types of limitations.The gameplay is really were the meat of the game is in my opinion, some people might say this is how it always is but I digress, there's obviously a focus here, and if the game's lack of style in it's graphics, as well as it's complete lack of an story are a way to represent a poor developers care, then the gameplay showcases the attempt at trying to save a game that finds itself to be, all over the place.The gameplay plays like a simple first person shooter with a hub area, an area in which you can buy upgrades, weapons, or information, of all kinds, the unlock requisites for all this is purchased with ""vampire ashes"" that you get from completing missions, or for picking them from the rests of vanished vampire corpses.The upgrades are quite significant and do make the game easier, and more enjoyable, they feel as if there's an actual growth of some kind, which I love.What I personally dislike however, is that similarly to too much of the games content, the game's feels disorganized in this aspect as well, there are some upgrades that will simply show up in each menu as you progress through the game, the menu's for all of this upgrades are entirely simplistic, to not say even archaic, nothing more than the name of the weapon, or upgrade that you can get, the piece of information proves to be confusing as it only tells you a timeframe in which you'll know about that information after you paid for it, only to then discover that the information is simply that...Information, with no waypoints, with no tutorials that explain what's even the idea behind getting this information, or where it, is even supposed to take you.I just wish there would have been some care to even the slightest bit of the presentation for the menus in which you buy the upgrades for your character.Then of course you have the missions, in the same hub area, on top of a table you'll find a map that you can interact with, this map will then open up with several different markers that represent the different areas around town, they'll give you a brief peek at the difficulty of each area, and how infested of vampires they are, with numbers that go from 1 to 5.If for any reason you simply are not able to take on any of this areas before they reach the last ""infestation level"" then you'll simply loose that area, and so on and so forth, the idea is to keep playing until you reach to a certain point in which you either control all areas, or you're perfectly capable of surviving with the ones you have left.The missions in this areas are repetitive and tedious to complete, they all involve the killing of some vampires, one way or the other, but then they throw demons into the mix, and even jack'o lanterns, I mean after a while the game just becomes a mess, you'll see fire around you, you're constantly trying to stab your way through objectives, there's an stealth element here but the entire game doesn't really seem to be built around it, so half of the times you ignore it.Collect this, kill that, light that up, fight the boss that looks like a more powerful version of all your other enemies, rinse and repeat, and you get the idea.I think really what makes this game come apart so much, has to do with the fact that it feels as if the developers just got tired of the game, like they literally got tired of making the game, or maybe their ambition surpassed their reality and the true potential of what they could create, and as end result you got essentially a game here with a pretty novel concept, and it is novel, I mean besides something like: The Legacy of Kain, Blood Omen, Vampire: The Masquerade, or even something like BloodRayne, How many vampire games do you truly know?I think there's one in development now, but really all the others are from years ago, decades now, (sad, sad, how the time goes by, I know, I know).But should we commend this game for the simple reason that it had a unique idea and what it did to it was decent at best?I don't know.I personally think for what it does and for what the developers have tried to accomplish, and have done with this, for the price that I paid, (which was probrably around five bucks or so, don't know how the whole regional pricing works between my country and the rest) I believe it's a fine game, it's a fine game that you play as a fun little time waster, and in that sense it accomplishes in a very small way, in a fraction of what it was probrably trying to do, something.Something nice, and fun, even if it is only for a very few, little time, the weapons are diverse, they feel great, generally speaking, and it's just fun, just a fun, little timewaster."
,Not Recommended,501860,25792187,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,「SUNBOAT」,"So far, it's a good game. The random generation isn't trash, although it does feel like you're walking through the same buildings without any variety. I've a glitch where sometimes, the game freezes up for a few seconds. And then the screen abruptly glitches out, forcing me to restart the game. Altogether, it's a decent experience. The faces on humans look creepy as all hell, though. But it does have a special artstyle, one that's rarely used. Sadly, not unique. I'd have hoped that the melee weapons(atleast, the one's ive seen) had more variety, as in moves. Not just higher damage and slower swing. And more upgrade, but altogether, I think this game's worth a purchase. ONLY if it's discounted. at ten dollars or below. There's also, unfortunately, only four enemy types. (Yes, four.) and the melee and ranged combat is repetitive, most melee weapons are even just reskins. I thought this was a damned early access game, at first. Spoilers : It's a finished game. For twenty dollars. Yes, twenty. The ranged weapons, also, seem VERY underpowered. And somehow, the best weapon in the game, I had unlocked on the first mission. And at the end, you just play a random level, and go to the next season. Which consists of the same everything, just with SLIGHTLY harder-to-achieve missions. The enemies, are unaffected. The stealth? It's not good. I dislike this. It'd be a great free game, but. Sadly, it's twenty dollars. The effect wears off. I'm going to try and refund this game, sorry. If there's free updates to this game to expand upon it, I'll gladly re-purchase it.2/10."
,Recommended,501860,25793776,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Hallian,"3 Words: NAIL. POLISH. CUSTOMIZATION.Also, 2 more: STABBING FOOLS."
,Recommended,501860,25785528,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,langsuyar,"Plays and controls awesome, has a great score, and is motivating as hell. Well, or whatever hell vampires actually come from."
,Not Recommended,501860,25787613,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Rhindle,"If this were an early access game, it'd get a wholehearted thumbs up, but seeing as this is a full release, Slayer Shock is . . . Not quite there.The game has a super solid core, and the game itself is engaging to play. However, Slayer Shock really falters in its polish. It feels a little trapped between wanting realism and sticking to retro aesthetics.I'm enjoying my time in game, but I'd hold off unless you have a high tolerance for janky production values."
76561198120290518,Recommended,501860,27729132,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,theocarter5,Buffy the Vampire Slayer the Video Game.
76561198043493024,Recommended,501860,27992051,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Redface,"This is a game for fans of the show Buffy the Vampire Slayer.If you are not a fan yet watch the show first, then get the game:-)"
,Recommended,501860,25772881,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Internet Pedant,"I pumped an Elite vampire full of magically-infused foam darts, then ate its leftover ashes to heal damage caused by an exploding ghost.Slayer Shock definitely my favourite Minor Key Games game so far, and I'd suggest the most accessible to gamers new to the company. Pick up your stake, choose your patrol, kill some vamps."
,Recommended,501860,26284190,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Macheath,Procedural stealth Buffy the Vampire Slayer. You can choose your nail color. Game of the year!
76561198006570636,Recommended,501860,32892515,Posted: 27 June,all,joe_mag,"WOW!!!! This game rocks! Granted, I'm a Buffy fan, so I am a bit bias. But in all honesty, that wasn't all that made this game fun. This is my first FPS with vampires(never played Vampire Night), though I have played my fair share of vamp games. But this game is surpisingly fun with a very simple stealth sytem I really enjoy. Nothing beats sneaking around the shadows with Mr. Pointy.Speaking of Mr. Pointy, aka your stake, there is a variety of cool weapons I have run across. One such would make fans of From Dusk Till Dawn chuckle is the super soaker filled with holy water.On top of all that you have a variety of missions to complete to keep the vampires at bay. Failing the mission results in a vampire infestation and locking you out of that part of town. You also get a cool leveling up system.Now, we can get on with the cons. I don't mind the graphics, but others might be disappointed.The game is also rather simplistic, which isn't a problem for me but some ppl might wish for things like a deeper leveling up sytem, better stealth mechanics, weapon upgrades, and so on.I've also noticed a lot of repetition. So far I've only seen 5 different mission types, which while fun, could potentially get boring with time. I also noticed that there are only 5 different types of vamps (minions, elite, tanks, hollows, and The Big Bad). These vamps are fun to fight, but after awhile you do feel the need to put the controller down. I experienced this myself, though I decided to press on and found myself in love!This game is great for any one who is a true vampire fan, enjoys FPS, not a graphics connoisseur, and dosent mind repetition. Under this review is a bit of game play.https://youtu.be/qDEClKHRJWw"
76561198079015371,Recommended,501860,25779334,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,ImNotDeadYet,Great gameplay and great soundtrack!
,Not Recommended,501860,26091888,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Genebris,"It's not a bad game, but I expected a much better one from this developer. His two games set a high plank and this one is just underwhelming now.Just go play Eldritch or Neon Struct:http://store.steampowered.com/app/252630/http://store.steampowered.com/app/310740/"
,Not Recommended,501860,25805139,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dougie Jones,"I'm just not into this. For me, it is not fun."
,Recommended,501860,34748542,Posted: 4 September,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
