user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,501840,25304442,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,♫Quilly Shiba,"OverviewThis side-scrolling puzzle/story game has amazing and unique art style. The gameplay is very simple, but the story about a dog trying to find its owner that has passed away, may bring a tear to your eye (my dog Quilly passed away last year, so this game doubly struck a chord with me).Overall I recommend it, if $4 (or regional equivalent) is not a big deal to you, since it is a very short game.I clocked in at 30 minutes only for the playthrough and the rest is idling for trading cards. Otherwise, definitely pick it up on sale to experience its superb art direction and doggie feels.Pros and ConsSince this is a short game, I will be briefly listing the pros and cons that I noticed throughout my playthrough.ProsSuperb art style (highly recommend)Very immersive in depiction of East Asian cultural myths/ folklore on afterlifeSoundtrack and effects also very reminiscent of Asian daily life and folk musicThe dog's mourning whines at the beginning of the game will definitely speak to past and present pet owners :'(Trading cards, for those that like themNeutralNot many puzzles and not very difficult, mostly serve to push the story forward. I personally enjoyed themConsVery short game, only about 30~50 minutesOthers have experienced some bugs (I personally hadn't)Some translation problems according to other reviewsDialogue/ speech bubbles disappear a bit too quickly sometimesConclusion & tl;drThis game has superb art that is worth experiencing. The atmosphere and story are good too, and the puzzles are easy and serve mostly to push forward the story. However it is very short so you should wait for a sale if the price/ play time doesn't seem worth it to you. I've read that other people have experienced some bugs that I hope will be fixed for future players."
,Recommended,501840,25297244,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,RipWitch,"(Before I start, I would like to give a seizure warning, it does have two instances of flashing that comes unsuspected, lasting a few seconds)I bought Don't Disturb mostly based on the art and seeing the premise sealed the deal. In Don't Disturb, you explore traditional Asian views on the afterlife through the eyes of a dog searching for his/her owner. Accomponying you on your journey is a bird (I'm not sure if it has a specific name, but I have found birds are often seen as  guides in the afterlife, The Flight of The Soul) acting to give you various scattered information.Pros:ArtThe strongest aspect of the game is the artwork. It gives the game its own personality, with a style looking like it was drawn on paper. Many characters are also visually interesting.The story (or the feels)As the game does repeat the song (unless I didn't realize other songs) but as you continue your journey, you do stumble upon heart warming situations. The game does have two different endings, which can shape the whole journey (and the meaning of it), but they do not lack having a heart warming ending for both choices (I recommend seeing both endings).Sadly, there are various cons with Don't Disturb:The bugs/glitchesThese bugs/glitces require you to exit out of the game to get rid of them, but there is a chance another will arise. The bugs/glitches I came across was not being able to interact with the entities needed to continue, froze in the spot after talking to a entity needed to continue, and images of a puzzle disappearing while a dialgue box is being activated.The menu is always dangling on screen, and clashes with the art in the gameThe English translation can be better, there are a few awkward wordings (along with this, the dialogue can be on screen longer)The lack of Steam overlay (if you want to take screenshots, you will not be able to)All in all, I do recommend this game, despite the bugs/glitches. If you have no patience with dealing with bugs/glitches, wait till they are fixed till you play it as it is a unique experience."
,Recommended,501840,27215099,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,爆炒老猪StirFriedLiver,Like the art style of this game.
,Not Recommended,501840,30463911,Posted: 11 March,all,Marcone Antelius,"I REALLY want to say that you definitely have to try this game, but I can't recommend it because of the short length.Its very unfortunate that this game is gorgeous to look at but only takes 10-15 mins to complete. The art style would more than likely make an impact in the gaming world but the story is just too short and the puzzles too simple to make it stand out. The ending may have an impact in regards to a pet's love and devotion for their owners (masters, whatever you'd like to call them) but, again, the major downfall is the length and the fact that the answers have been plainly and deliberately placed within the game in odd areas, such as painted on the rocks or a mound of dirt that isn't hidden. It almost feels like a journey that you're ready to take because you want to see it go somewhere, puzzles that make you want to question life and after, something that makes you want to go hug your pets but its just not that deep. The only thing it has going for it is the art style, and once you've seen the screenshots here on Steam, you've pretty much seen the whole game. Its like a tech demo for something greater, I'd love to see what could become of it."
76561198052880366,Not Recommended,501840,25306750,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Snowfox,"First of all the game is really really short you finish the game complettly in 30min. There is nothing more to it as what you see inside the trailer. If this worries you and you think 2-4$ is to much for it, then better don`t buy it.The game is a short and nice expierence for the story, the few puzzle elements inside are not really worth to mention. There are very simple and les.The art style of the game is really nice and the music is also not bad.But the game even if so short is buggy, if the menu is open (esc button) the function of the game is still active and because of this you have double mappings of the control functions. At the first puzzle is a bug if you skip ahead and not talk to anyone, you will not able to talk with the demons even if you talk after that if everyone.I recommend the game only because i find the story part good and 3US$(I have a differenc currency) still ok for such a short game. If the game would be longer with more puzzles then it would be a easy recommendation."
,Recommended,501840,30698087,Posted: 23 March,all,ＲＥＯＮＡＲＤ,"How far will you go to find the ones you love?Don't Disturbis a short but heartfelt puzzle game about a dog whose aging owner has passed away. But he will still follow her to the ends of the Earth, even beyond.Explore the Japanese afterlife as you search for your departed owner. Pick up clues, talk to the dead, and assist troubled souls until you finally catch up with her. After that, it's up to you how the story ends.I expected this to be a whole lot longer, but its possible to knock the whole thing out in 15-20 minutes. There is an English translation, but it is honestly quite broken--by that I mean English was obviously not the translator's first language. It is still coherent, but barely. The visual aesthetic is gorgeous, but the music is a little lacking in some areas. It's really more of an interactive short film than anything else, but I still enjoyed playing it.Overall, I'd giveDon't Disturba 6.5/10.Like my review? Check out myCuratorpage!"
,Not Recommended,501840,28662410,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,edderiofer,"TL;DR:A buggy mess that clearly wasn't playtested, and contains few puzzles. The story is riddled with plot holes. Definitely not even worth it if it were free. The ""nice art style"" that this game's main selling point has gets in the way of what little gameplay there is.Don't Disturb is a game with a nice art style, and a nice intriguing premise. As it stands, one might think that that artstyle is representative of the rest of the game.It's not. Let's give a play-by-play of each of the problems I encountered.The very start menu asks you to choose between English and Chinese. Chinese, thesecondoption, is the one initially selected. This is odd. It'd be very much different if the first option were Chinese (I can forgive games in foreign countries having their own language as the default instead of English), but to relegate Chinese to the second option (implying it'snotthe most popular), and then having it be selected by default anyway seems to be a rather odd choice.After the initial cutscene, we're shoehorned into the unskippable tutorial. First, we're told to use the left and right arrow keys. That's pretty standard, but the player character, a dog, moves very slowly in response to this. Then, we're told to press ESC to bring up the supposed pause menu. Except the pause menu is already signalled during gameplay as a massive ribbon in the top right with ""ESC"" on it already. This is the sort of thing that makes the player think the game thinks it's an idiot. Finally, we press SPACE on a mound of dirt, the dog starts digging, and all of a sudden we're transported to the next level without any warning. Huh?Now, the next level is where things get a little odd. The player has to forge a Heavenly Passport to get through to the afterlife, where people are lining up. We get to skip the line all the way to the front, though, but when we do forge the passport, it's not forged well enough and is thrown away. Some guy collects it and reveals a dirt mound. During all this, the dialog boxes that come up when we press SPACE near certain characters and signs have bad text spacing, in that words are sometimes separated by lots of spaces, and sometimes cut off so that the last letter of the word appears on the next line. Also, the English translation is terrible.The player digs through the mound of dirt, and ends up in the afterlife anyway. Huh? Why wouldn't everyone else just use that entrance?!The player goes into a level with a large sunset, and is told that a boy's chihuahua is missing. They then get to the next screen. But I wasn't able to move past the giant dog on that next screen (or interact with it). As it turns out, I went back to the previous screen, a little clueless, then forged forwards and was able to get past them. This is definitely a bug.The next screen, we find some mounds of dirt. Dig them up, oh lookie, coins! Apparently there are 10 of them that need collecting. Talk to a few more people just for flavourtext (they're lining up to get to the Peak Of Heaven to see their loved ones), and then enter a small alley where there's an elevator and some more coins.To use the elevator, we have to play a ""don't touch the walls"" minigame with the keyboard. Huh? It's not that difficult (so any passerby could use it), it's not a puzzle (skill games where the main difficulty is the control scheme usually aren't puzzles), and it doesn't fit in with the theme at all (a ""connect the wires"" puzzle would have fit in better)!Anyway, having opened up the elevator, we find that the elevator takes us to the Peak Of Heaven (floor 316), the ground floor (floor 1), the basement (floor -1), and the 18th level of hell (floor -18). The 18th level of hell is just a level of starvation. Huh? In Buddhist writing, the 18th level of hell involves you getting sawn in two by demons, or chucked in boiling oil, depending on how you interpret the scriptures!Regardless, there's a joke about the hungry souls here fighting over who gets to eat the boy's chihuahua (which is atop a large shelf they can't reach). Huh? Chinese developers, I don't think you're at all familiar with the stereotype that all Chinese people eat dog. Because some people actually think it's true. You're not representing your country in a good light (and I know that almost no people in modern Chinese civilization eat dog nowadays, since many are rich enough to keep a dog as a pet). Oh, and there's a guy off to the right who wants a pork bun.Going to the Peak Of Heaven (I haven't found any references that cite 316 floors of Heaven, and I doubt 316 has ever been used in a religious writing, leading me to believe that the devs are just pulling stuff out their asses), we find that there's a telescope we use to find a 4-digit code (written on the side of a wall in the Living World), and a guy in a trenchcoat who initially speaks in Chinese. Huh? I selected English when I played this game, and suddenly a bunch of Chinese characters pop up on my screen? I can read them, sure, (they say the exact same thing as the next line, which is in English), but others can't, and they'll be wondering what the hell he said, or if it was important. Developers, you are really not making yourself look good. Did you not get someone to playtest this game?We use the 4-digit code to open a safe in the basement (why the safe code should be written on a wall in the Living World, I have no idea), to get another coin. So far, we have eight coins now. But where are the other two?Turns out they're back at the sunset screen, but we couldn't see them because they blended in with the foreground. This is a clear example of the art styleactively obstructingthe player! I was only able to work this out because I went back there and mashed the spacebar until I got something.We take the 10 coins, and give them to the guy in the trenchcoat in exchange for an playing card. Now we give that card to a guy playing cards in the basement, and we need to put them in order (apparently the guy playing cards with everyone else doesn't know the rules). We find, from scribbles found in two separate screens, that the order is 1B6A4. Huh? There's no reason why the order of the cards should be splattered around the levels!Anyway, we put the cards in order, the others accuse him of cheating and beat him up, allowing us to sneak past them to find...  a pork bun. Before we solved this puzzle, we couldn't progress far enough to even see the pork bun (and the art style didn't make clear what they were either). Right now all we're doing is just flinging random actions at the screen and seeing what sticks.We bring the pork bun to the guy in the 18th layer of hell. He takes it and is swamped by everyone else in the same level... and the game freezes and the player is unable to move! Reloading my save there doesn't work either. (Note that even loading your save isn't doable from the start menu; you literally have to enter the game, select your language, skip the cutscene, open the pause menu, go into the options, and THEN load your save!)Honestly devs, did you not playtest this? Do you honestly think that this is a game people want to play? WouldYOUseriously play a nonsensical, buggy mess like this past the 20-minute mark if a complete stranger made it (and have your heritage insulted as a result of it)?Get out of my sight. If you're going to give me such a buggy, vapid, and user-hostile of a game, I'm not going to waste any more time with you, after I've written this and refunded it. Now give me my 17 minutes of playtime back, as well as the time it took me to write this (a lot longer than the playtime, I should add). Because wasting someone else's time istheultimate sin, and starvation's too good for you. If anyone truly deserves to go down to the 18th level ofactualBuddhist hell, it'd probably be you. Or the developer of Rolling Shapes."
76561198298402373,Not Recommended,501840,25829116,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,chantallyons,This would be a wonderful game...... if it took longer than 12 minutes to complete.A waste of money.
,Recommended,501840,26183321,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,CherryBlossomMew,"I bought this game after seeing it advertised on FB mobile, I instantly fell in love with the art style and soundtrack. It's a lovely little game with a unique narrative about asian views of the afterlife, using text bubbles and atmosphere to tell the story. The music is a mix of modern and traditional sounding instruments, such as a piano with hints of a shamisen(?) playing in the background, and the composition adds to the atmosphere. The art style is absolutely gorgous, in the style of traditional asain watercolour, and if you look closely there's a slight paper - like texture to the game, which I believe is a stroke of artistic genious.It's simple, it's unique, and very atmospheric, with an option to switch between English and Japanese text. The controls were simple and responded well, and every interaction was different and engaging. I found it easy to connect with the dog you play as during the game, as his expressions fit well with what is around him. It's also very affordable, barely even pocket change, and as you read on you'll know why.However, the game has a couple of issues I'd like to address, one being a few glitches I happened across, ranging from minor things such as untranslated text bubbles, to a glitch where I was stuck and couldn't progress, and had to restart the game.The biggest thing I found was the games length. It was incredibly short, taking me about 10 - 20 minutes to finish completely, I was starting to get really invested into this atmosphere and all the characters introduced, when it ended. While I do believe that in some aspects, brief interactions with the souls you meet are what give the game its charm, I feel like the game could have been extended, with more areas to explore and certain characters getting more depth/interactions, such as the owl that follows you or the giant white dog(?).Over all I'm glad I was able to experience such a beautiful piece of art, and worth every penny I spent. I do wish it was a little longer and the story had a little more depth to it, but it is a charming little game all the same."
,Recommended,501840,33749380,Posted: 23 July,all,Lazer Vader,"It was quite an experience, and for me that was enough. Be warned that as a game, it was criminally short and simple. However, the impeccable artwork and the moving tale makes it all worth the price as it is. It depends on whether you're that kind of gamer, though. I am, but it's certainly not for everyone. Watching someone's playthrough online might provide a similar experience. Purchase at your own risk.Given that it should take no more than 1 hour to complete, technically you could go through the whole game and ask for a refund. I do not recommend it though, as it is a well made game and definitely got my support, for what it's worth. Hope to see more from the same studio."
,Not Recommended,501840,34941331,Posted: 13 September,all,Pennycook,"Don't Disturbis a short, interactive art piece.  The drawings and animations are very pretty, and the story -- that of a dog following his owner into the afterlife -- is very sweet.Unfortunately, it is marred by technical problems: ugly (and inconsistent) fonts; a broken save system; and at least one game-breaking bug.  If I hadn't gotten stuck in a loop and had to start over again, I would have been done with this game in 20 minutes."
,Not Recommended,501840,30299910,Posted: 3 March,all,RitheGuardian,"Nice art style, sweet story idea.VERY buggy. (saves and certain interactions)game is about 10-20 minutes of gameplaysteam needs a .. ""meh"" rating."
76561198053630664,Recommended,501840,30247023,Posted: 28 February,all,fbc523,"It is a shame this game is not longer but it tells its story well. It is pleasant to play, a treat for the senses and contains puzzles not detracting from the flow of the tale and yet still fun to solve.I have not encountered any bugs and enjoyed myself, and I played some much more expensive games I could not say the same about."
76561198065212662,Not Recommended,501840,25290429,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,theNexus,"I deleted my first review as I though I was being harsh. Turns out I was being gracious!The gamne is broken, so broken.First attempt, I failed to find the last item for the first puzzle, my bad. So I restarted to go over again. Unable to interact with the entities required to complete the puzzle, so I restarted. Get to another part of the puzzle and images are vanishing from the screen, the screen is glitchy. It's just unplayable. Each time you encounter a bug and restart, another one rears is poorly coded head. Such a simple game with so many bugs is just lazy.Small issue, poor english translations.I'll keep this in my library and see if it gets patched, if not I'll refund it. It is currently trash.Would not recommend 10/cancerFix your game dev"
76561198025049206,Recommended,501840,25452993,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,nigelkerr314,"I enjoyed this visual short-story quite a bit!  A brief immersion in a visual and aural style that I found pleasing and meditative.  If there was more with these sensibilities, I'd read/play them."
,Not Recommended,501840,30501249,Posted: 13 March,all,TheJuanAndOnly,I bought this game because its art style reminded me of Okami. I guess there is a reason for not judging a book by its cover. The story and gameplay are extremely lacking as evidence by me being able to complete it in less than an hour. That was with me overthinking things too. The only good thing is that it's less than $5.
76561198119595291,Recommended,501840,25309588,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,FIdel,I crave for more content from a game like this! It's so good but short. If there was a dlc to buy i would buy it.
76561198149478184,Recommended,501840,28417615,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Cookie Monster,I loved the game. I nearly cried at the end!! Even tho it's kinda short it so worth it. The story and art style is amazing. Feel so sorry for the dog but in the end it always will make me smile with happyiness. Hope the people who made this game make another because when they do I am so going to buy it. They did a good job.
,Recommended,501840,29197483,Posted: 11 January,all,AwsumWolfie,"Everything about this game is lovely... except for the length.It took me a half hour to complete, and there were quite a few bugs, but I would recommend it considering the price. If only there were more to it. As of now there's just a lot of wasted potential."
,Recommended,501840,31046540,Posted: 9 April,all,AriaMay,"Beautiful game! However, it only took me a short time to complete."
76561198134678166,Recommended,501840,29617887,Posted: 31 January,all,lokethecheetah,"Before you buy this game, you should know that it's buggy. Not game-breaking bugs, but they're a bit annoying when one is used to well polished games. It's also very short, maybe twenty minutes to complete. If you can overlook all that, you might still enjoy this game. On the plus side, there's beautiful art, a sob story, and your character is an adorable dog. I recommend this to someone who wants to spend a half hour experiencing someone else's artful first game."
,Recommended,501840,30308136,Posted: 3 March,all,KisekiChan,"It's a very short game, and by very short, I mean it takes less than an hour, possibly even less than 30 minutes if you don't encounter any bugs. I did come across one bug, which happened when I tried to interact with the mob after I delivered that man his steam bun, in which the dog froze and I couldn't move, so I had to re-do it (so I suggest saving frequently to prevent having to re-do it from the start.Otherwise, I bought this game on sale, and though I want to say it's not worth it's original price because of how short it is, I will say that the art style is one of its main selling points in my opinion, and the soundtrack as well, is very lovely. The feeling of Asian folklore and culture really come through these two things. The story was also something that attracted me to buying this game, I love the idea of exploring the idea of the afterlife because I know that every culture portrays it differently. I also like their choice of portraying it from a Chinese perspective (though it is left as Asian in the description, it caters towards Chinese ideas) because often times I think it is something that doesn't get represented enough.Though I loved the general idea of the story, I felt that it was lacking, lengthwise. The idea that a dog is so loyal and has so much love that they would traverse through the land of the dead to find their owner is very heartwarming, though it could have definitely been stretched out and elaborated on further.The ending, in which you may choose one of two options (I recommend saving so that you can experience both) is really great because it lets you see paths that I think a lot of people have to choose between. It is not as literal, but it portrays and idea of choosing to live vicariously for someone or following a person throughout their life.Pros:+ Lovely soundtrack+ Unique art style+ Explores the idea of the afterlife+ Represents an Asian perspective+ Explores the bounds of loyalty and loveCons:- Short- Has a few bugs- A bit pricey for its length (depending on how you see it)tl;dr It's a very short game that explores a traditional Asian style of art and folklore, accompanied by a fitting soundtrack and heartfelt story. I recommend if you wouldn't mind spending a few dollars on a 30-60 minute game."
76561198051754194,Recommended,501840,30305375,Posted: 3 March,all,tribreso,"Graphical adventure, the journey of a dog trying to find the soul of his dead owner. The story is filled with both sad and humorous contents, and gives a glimpse of the traditional chinese vision of death and the afterlife.Extremely brief (15-20 minutes) and with very easy puzzles, the game is worth the price just for its evocative drawings and delicate, moving content. Could have been longer, at least because chinese mithology is certainly more rich and other aspects could have been portrayed in the game scenarios.The english title is horrible, it does not make sense. ""Don't disturb"" what? Probably the original title (不巷歌) means something else. Google translate is not of help here (something about ""songs"" and ""alleys""...?). If someone is able to translate it, let me know, I'm curious!Anyway, do not go for this game if you're looking for a long, engaging product; rather consider it if you are interested in meaningful and artistic game-based experiences.7/10Update: I just found that the title refers to the chinese adage saying that one should not disturb during funerals. Still a poor title in english anyway, since this sentence means nothing so deep in Western countries..."
76561198091878565,Recommended,501840,33996493,Posted: 3 August,all,Yracham,"Main default: it's short. But it's beautifully drawn, it's relaxing and moving. I loved it. It's still way too short."
76561198106512213,Recommended,501840,34971874,Posted: 15 September,all,silverelle,"This might be a short game but I loved every moment of it, The art style is really beautiful and the story is very touching"
76561198042234160,Recommended,501840,35458804,Posted: 3 October,all,QuadRaptor,A nice story and fascinating art style.  It was nice getting to see the interpretation of the afterlife.  My only complaints were that it was a little short and that there were a couple of instances of odd text spacing right at the beginning.
