user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,502240,25018220,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Evil incarnate,"The 1000th awful first person Amnesia clone indie ""horror"" daddy's-first-Unity game, which is of course full of grammar errors, nonreactive menus, laggy gameplay (despite playing with a GTX 1070) and being too buggy to even finish the first objective. The graphics are bland, uninspriring and horrible. The voice actress sounds bad, the dialogue and writing is narratively poor and too random given the circumstances. The game at the moment is too glitchy to finish as you can't enter the room with the save point next to the lever because of an invisible wall. You also collect two keys in adjacent rooms, only one of which actually appears in your inventory. The cabinet doors are also bugged, when attempting to close them, they will magically flick back open and it will repeat this everything you interact with some of them.The fire torches supposedly hurt you, but never kill you, the right-click to pick up items is sometimes hard detected by the game, the repetitive two footstep sounds will drive you mad as there is little variety - the Chinese use to torture their prisoners with repetitive, dull sounds to try and extract information from their captives. The game also likes to shove tutorials down your throat, the controls cannot be customised and the ""door seems to be stuck"" is an odd comment given that you have a HAMMER in your hand.Overall: an unpleasant, horrible, buggy, typical modern game that will suck the soul out of you and make you wonder what the hell happened to the survival horror genre. I can't say anything good in the time I spent playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because it encapsulates everything wrong with modern horror games. The concept of this game may interest you, but the execution is actually your own execution you will do after being bored to death with this. I'm trying to make some dark jokes here to try and fill myself back with joy after this game sucked it right out of me."
,Not Recommended,502240,25049167,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Lord Crocosquirrel,"After 1.6 hours of playtime, most of which were spent tearing out my hair and sitting there in absolute shock at the horror that passes for gameplay, I'm gonna have to say #Nope.I first saw this project on Greenlight months ago, and thought it looked a bit rough, but showed the smallest amount of potential to be a really good game-- I even left some mild criticism with a couple of tips on how to maybe improve on what they were showing in the trailers, one of which was uploaded twice.Now, fast forward to today, when my request for a review code was denied outright. Now, I had completely forgotten what it was and what it might be about, but the screenshots didn't look completely terrible when I made the request.More the fool me, I decided that if the devs didn't want me looking at this game, I should maybe look at it anyway... So I bought it. Could have been an error on their part, could have run out of review copies, whatever. No skin off my nose, right?It seems the Developer may have, in fact, seen me coming from the comment I left back in May. The game is a hot mess, with such serious logical problems in most of the puzzles that one of them very nearly broke my brain. A torch, on a wall, across from a lit torch less than ten feet away. I'm allowed to touch it, so I do, and I'm told that I need fuel to light it.First, a torch IS fuel, by its nature. Kindof the point. The solution to this problem was actually worse-- in another part of the tiny level, there was a Gerrycan of what I assume was gasoline, which when used on the torch set it alight with no further action required.Mind you, that's actually fairly typical of the puzzles you will find in this shambles. The game is also very poorly optimized, if it was optimized at all. It barely runs on my machine at the lowest settings, with wildly varying framerates depending on where you are. the options menu is thin, and even then I played the first while and a half more terrified of the heat meter on my GPU than anything in the game.Invisible walls on one side of a path but not another, a room you can see across that is declred too dark to go through (and another invisiblw wall), the list goes on. Bad textures, asset packs used pell-mell, a thin premise that could have worked but for a bit of actual work, and tiny levels that pushed hardware to its limits mar what could have been a servicable, if uninspired jumpscare game.Even the jumpscares fail to really deliver. They're telegraphed so hard you see them coming several minutes in advance, and the one time they managed to catch me even slightly unawares, the whole thing fell flat. If you're looking for horror, go elsewhere.If you want a game that will make your jaw drop at the utter insanity of some of the goings-on, then belly up and plunk down your monies.Devs: Fix your memory leaks. Not even the Quit button works properly. The uninstall button works a treat, but that wasn't your doing.Every second I spent with this game is chronicled right here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rT9u_nYF8YAI played it live for my usual audience... I also gave a more detailed critique at the end. I cut the stream off rather than move on to another game, so the Dev had just this train wreck to look at.I play bad games so you don't have to. Don't play this game. Not even once. For free. At the time of writing, there are nearly two dozen positive reviews on Steam, and I have no earthly idea how it got one."
,Not Recommended,502240,31969824,Posted: 26 May,all,CorvusCorax,"I believe some of the reviews are a tad bit too harsh here.You Deserveis an interesting horror game which puts school bullying in the focus. It is a shame the game was not given proper attention when it comes to quality management. But then again this is something the community could have already gotten used to when it comes to a) low budget greenlit games b) software developed with the use of Unity.The tasks in the game are not always obvious. Basically, you pick up items and use them at the relevant places. Sometimes there's a lot of walk to be done (e.g. the level taking place in a park) and these long - often pointless sequences - can be irritating since they make you feel that the only reason they were put there is to increase the game's longevity.Instructions as to what we need to do are not always clear and the improper English of the notes does not help when it comes to immersion (let's not talk about the game's title). Also, there are a couple of places where it is difficult to proceed either because you don't know an item is missing and a simple restart solves the problem or you have simply encountered a game breaking bug.And this is why I am downvoting this game. There is a chase sequence that is not triggered properly during a section that takes place in an abandoned house. Guidelines on the internet are few and far between to help you solve this problem. I gave it a try several times but realised there was no point in continuing - some questions are specifically targeted at the developer in the community hub but to no avail.With a little more quality management (and of course a patch to solve the issues that ruin your walkthrough) I would have upvoted this especially since it is my understanding the creators are quite young. These Unity-based games are usually asset flops or rare gems that must be purchased. You Deserve is somewhere in between."
,Not Recommended,502240,25140072,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Ker-pOw!,"I don't know if either it was that I couldn't find the correct key, or the locked door had a glitch, but I wasn't able to complete the game. There is also a glitch with the menu screen (once the game has already started) where the restart level option isn't as responsive.As far as my taste in horror games go, it wasn't quite my cup of tea, but I did jump at one jumpscare. I also wish there was more consitency with introduced game mechanics. LIke if i'm going to be able to open stuff up, don't just make it a feature, incorporate it more into the gameplay. Or when you introduce an objective, follow through with it instead of distracting the players with more objectives that lead to different levels for no reason.If anyone is interested, I've made a let's play that shows a portion of what the game is likehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=751830545"
76561198158195628,Not Recommended,502240,25067921,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,TheBrightLinger,"I'm about an hour into this game and I don't think it delivers. i'll mention the problems with it that don't overlap with those raised by Lord Crocosquirrel. Overall, the game just doesn't feel complete in that way Amnesia, a true masterpiece does.-Protagonist: Really should have gotten a native English speaker. ""Amy Cooper"" is about as white bread American of a name you can get. Also, she sounds too much like an adult pretending to be a bratty 12 year old rather than an actual 12 year old. Not a very likeable protagonist. Compare this with Daniel from Amnesia: right away the game throws you into an engaging story about a guy who it is only slowly revealed has ever done wrong. In this game, there's hardly a reason not to go and seek out the monster yourself just so you can kill this little brat you are forced to play as.-No explanation for hallucinations. Again, in Amnesia, there is a sanity mechanic and components of the story that explain Daniel's hallucinations. Not in this game. You just open up a door and a monster pops out and jump scares you only to disappear immediately. More subtle ways of generating quick moments of fear (e.g., a noise from behind you) would have worked much better.-Jumpscare quit out: I don't understand this. Every time you quit the game, you get jumpscared. This is totally pointless and only detracts from the game, as it allows you to get too good of a look at the monster so you have too good of an idea of what to expect when she actually comes after you. This lack of subtlety is just so characteristic of the game.Overall, I give Amnesia a 10/10. Perfect score."
76561198112866114,Not Recommended,502240,34325644,Posted: 18 August,all,kyzka,"Evidently the game was rushed and the title of the game was never finished properly. It should read...'You Deserve The Steam Bin'.The game was constructed by this companyhttp://www.tgacompany.com/basically a bunch of single game developers from around the world (mainly Mexico and Spain) who collaborate on various projects. The main stated expertise of the company is in gamification (adding gaming elements into a non-gaming context for example educational and commercial properties and tools). Further the company's main stated mission is to primarily create 'a unique and unforgettable experience by adding real issues and secondarily help young people to strive and beat different social difficulties' through the playing of their games.Hence this game is all about a poltergeist who is seeking vengeance because you bullied them in the school until they committed suicide. So as you dream in your bed about dark caves, darker parks and a house with an electricity problem her job is to constantly jump out of nowhere and scream like some sort of spoilt brat wanting a pony. At the end of the game your informed you need to do some sort of 'Satanic' ritual in order to get rid of her. Seriously developers did you even take time to think this one out? How a ‘Satanic’ ritual is even supposed to get rid of a BAD spirit? Hence it should come to no surprise that it doesn't work and she eats you in the end or something.Seriously the game is so badly perceived that it relatively easy to break the mechanics (for example walk down the mountain after making the ritual), several achievements are constantly reported to be severely bugged and the developers tries to cover this programming incompetence and poorly storyboarded concept by over relying on silly childish jump scare antics. Hence any noble 'Anti-bullying' statements to be made in the game are immediately thwarted by over the top Spiritism. How the developers ever thought this was tackling 'REAL' issues and wholesome entertainment to help children deal with 'Social Difficulties' is beyond me. I think the company needs to go back to drawing board and analyse what they really stand for. Because at the moment it seriously just looks like they are content making unoriginal childish jump scare games with a crudely slapped on gimmick about handling bullying issues which they target to a severely limited audience thanks to adult and Spiritistic themes.If you’re looking for an adult game with a noble message and has the occasional jump scare then YOU DESERVE 'Among the Sleep' a game which this game tried to jump on the bandwagon of, but was severely run over by."
76561198035599199,Not Recommended,502240,31002427,Posted: 7 April,all,johntohill,"Nobody deserves this.  This is a buggy, horrible mess.  The game's menu only works half the time and the objective markers are also broken.  Sometimes you'll collect an object, get killed, but it'll still be marked off your objective list, but the item won't actually be in your inventory.  Or you'll die and reload but the next bit of plot scene won't trigger again so you have to reload the level from the start.  The list goes on.  Thankfully the game is pretty short so the suffering doesn't last too long.I'm actually really surprised at how long the credits are as this game is so ridiculously rough round the edges.  I've seen far more polished efforts for games done by 1 or 2 people.  And let's be honest this game isn't exactly ambitious.It starts off as your standard amnesia-a-like but it fails completely to build an atmosphere.  There are no real scares beyond one or two jumpscares.  And the ""demon"" that you're running from is still a poorly animated girl with the odd face cut going on.The voice acting of the main character is pretty terrible, and it's hard to care about the story.  You roam around something like a mine, a school, a haunted house, and a park, collecting things to open up the next area, getting jumped at by the main demon.  Nothing is really connected, it all just meshes into one so even after 3 hours play I could only really remember the park.  That might be more because the park is where you'll spend most of your time, and it is not fun in the slightest.  You are let loose in it with the object of collecting 3 objects, but it is not clear where anything is, the area is huge, with no signposts, its dark, you have a crap flashlight, everything looks the same, and there are mazes involved.  It's the worst thing this game could have done after a fairly lacklustre first half.  I had to consult a walkthrough to figure out where everything was as I could not stomach it any more but was too far along to just stopped playing.I paid 39p for this and I still felt ripped off.Avoid."
,Recommended,502240,30281545,Posted: 2 March,all,Fenidдz ♔,"La verdad me gusto mucho, me gusto que sea de un ambiente desolado, en el sentido de que ambienta bien a la historia que quiere dar, me gusto mucho que tenga varios puzzles, (me hubiese gustado que tenga mas dificiles), pero la me verdad me logro convencer, lo que si me hubiese gustado mas, es que tuviese ese toque de miedo psicologico que es lo que mas pone a una persona en la situacion del personaje.Un verdadero juego de horror/puzzle para aquellos que quieran empezar a jugar este tipo de titulos.Lo unico que no me gusto fueron las fisicas del juego y los sonidos de cada objeto que se movia de manera abrupta, como cajas y piedras, nada mas.Gracias por el hermoso juego que crearon la verdad, me re gusto, tanto el trama como la forma que iba tomando de a poco. Cabe tomar en cuenta de que esta en español.!!"
76561197994570159,Not Recommended,502240,25126452,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,En1gma,"So, I've talked to the Dev on Twitter about this game and I loved the anti-bullying undertone this game had. It's not a terrible game, but honestly this game isn't worth the price. It's not finished, sorely unnder-tested, and not well crafted at all. The story is fine, but the gameplay itself is SO OBSCURE! The key items you need to find have no contrast and I couldn't find anything. I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to give this game a very stern review once I'm finished with it, that is if I can muster up the courage to do so. The Dev is a lovely person though."
,Recommended,502240,30476470,Posted: 12 March,all,FancyLettuce96,"First of all, the game is not perfect, but each moment i played it(and for some reason steam is not catching my actual played hours) i can say it´s ingenius, the puzzles, the ambience, the graphics are nothing outside this world and the gameplay might be a tad choppy but all and all i can say about the game is that it´s a great game for the value, you´ll get no lost hours, fun and some chills through your spine i´ll be recomending this to many of my friends and also bough a couple of gifts for some more! cheers to a good game!"
76561198088887512,Not Recommended,502240,26623118,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,piratebabe_xo,"I was not particularly fond of this game. If you did not encounter or trigger things in a certain sequence, it left you stuck, which became very frusrating. Was not able to finish."
,Not Recommended,502240,31113254,Posted: 13 April,all,vodkins,"""No"", until here is no mouse Y invert option and we can't rebind Run/Sprint action via launcher (i need a third arm to use that defaul LeftShift for it). Also i don't see my native monitor screen resolution 1920x1200 (only 1080 with those black lines on top and bottom of the screen which ruins immerse). Can't say anything more about game itself because i don't want to play it already. Refund..."
76561198047719882,Not Recommended,502240,30960390,Posted: 5 April,all,DeeDoubleU,Pretty much what you would expect from a Unity game nowadays - low quality indie-ish game.Only positive thing about it I can think of is trading cards.
,Not Recommended,502240,34083157,Posted: 7 August,all,The Sleepy Gamer,"No. Nobody deserves this buggy and just garbage gameplay. There is game breaking bugs which can't be fixed, jumpscares are that good its just somone apearing infront of you with a scream, the puzzles are fun, and graphucs are meh. Game seems prolonged and jus ttrying to make game time longer. 3/10."
,Recommended,502240,30233878,Posted: 27 February,all,Jay,"Not a great game, that's for sure. but for such a low price it's worth trying it out. Very simple game and i think it was a nice start for just a group of teens. if you just wanna add some achiements and trading cards to ur collection this is the game."
76561198206222751,Recommended,502240,31103616,Posted: 12 April,all,nymphyt,"I didnt get a chance to fully experince this game yet, but so far I am loving it. I got this game when it was on sale, and for that price it's not so bad. Lovely graphics and it seems to have a nice story line. I look forward to playing the whole thing."
,Recommended,502240,30132165,Posted: 23 February,all,VaKoN,"Is a good game, for everyone who starts in horror games this is the one indicated, has a good story and clear their respective scares is good and you enter much the history of the game with forme advances very good, I hope to yours continue this way"
,Recommended,502240,25171883,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Varkosa,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8--HwJqNjcGame was good for what it was, didn't enjoy it enough to see it through to the end though, and there was few bugs I had to edit out my recording of the game, with items not being in the game having to restart etc, seems to be a few bugs but see the developers posting some updates.I will recommend on the basis that if updates are put in place it will be a good game."
76561198009893503,Recommended,502240,25041137,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Charmefis,"The game is okay. Is it 9,99 Euro worth? I don't think so, and I would recommend getting it on sale.PERFORMANCE:I feel that the performance STRONGLY deserves a mention!I have a GTX 1080, 32GB RAM, and a i7 6700k CPU. And with these specs I experience a wide range in FPS depending on where in the game I am. Some places I get 140FPS and in some other areas I get 50-60FPS. I could easily imagine this game being faily brutal (unplayable?) on lesser PCs.The story is descent and from what I have gathered so far, you are a troubled young woman with psychological problems which is causing her to experience the events in the game. It is a mediocre horror story which I can't help but feel I have experienced in other horror games before.Voice acting is very unique and I somehow couldn't help not loving the accent of the main protagonist. Other ""background"" sound effects however, I couldn't help but feel that they were out of place in few areas of the game.Let's talk about the type of horror game it is.The game does have jump scares, but they are not cheap and it does not purely rely on them. The atmosphere is very well made, the game has descent puzzles, and it does make you think twice before entering certain areas a bit further into the game. The ""ghost"" is creepy and made me causiously aware when entering new areas. There are a couple of unique moments in the game and I couldn't help but notice the unpredictability of some of the areas where I thought I could predict what would happen next.The controls are good in same aspects such as looking around and moving, but when it comes to crouching it is weird that there is no animation. You instantaneously ""teleport"" into a crouching position, and it quickly takes you out of the atmosphere and flow of the story.GLITCHES:I have only experienced 1 non-game breaking glitch which was some cabinet doors not wanting to close.As far as game time, I do not know how long this game is since I have not finished it yet. I am currently stuck at one of the puzzles and decided to take a break writing this review. But I will edit this review and let everyone know how long it is once I have completed it.So why do I recommend this game when I have descibed it as being somewhat mediocre? Because there has been soo many bad indie horror games on Steam lately and I honestly think this game offer more than most of them."
76561198327075157,Recommended,502240,25504980,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,fchampalanne,"Well... I should start saying> > CONGRATS to the devs.I downloaded this game from a torrent... and I really had an awesome time so I decided to buy it.It has some bugs... but for their first game I have to admitt that its well done.8/10.Please, check the requirements... I played it with a Quad Core and 4 gb of ram... maybe you loose some sales because of this... just saying...One of the creepyest games I have ever played, the story is incredible."
76561198276850477,Recommended,502240,25020354,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,YuQing CSGOGEM.COM,pretty good as a horror game got jumpscare 8/10https://youtu.be/LxDkgDGh37Q
76561198073648775,Recommended,502240,33348158,Posted: 7 July,all,Suma,"I played until I got stuck in the dark without a light source.  It's a very dark game and hard to see anything.  Minimal objects to interact with.  It's almost a walking sim.  I guess for their first game it's okay.  Don't expect a whole lot, but it does have some cool atmoshere!  Couple of creepy moments and some jump scares.  Not sure I want to play again as the save points can be a pain.  The game iisn't optimized real well either... Laggy at times."
,Not Recommended,502240,34753414,Posted: 5 September,all,shegose,"bad graphics, bad gameply, and really uncomfortable mouse-oriented controls.hello to the level with boxes - that killed any wish to continue playing this ""horror"""
