user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,502520,32246003,Posted: 7 June,all,Baron von Noodles,"All of the negative reviews here about the AI's enemy army not being effected by your victories and tactics are obsolete with update v0.90. Enemy armies now have a pool of forces to draw from that is directly altered by your efforts during the dynamic campaign. Basically fixes every problem that everyone, myself included, had with being able to play the game. Unlike some early access developers, Game-Labs has been listening to and altering the game based on the player base's feedback. Necessary edit: Mind you, the game is still difficult as all hell. Don't go into any difficulty other than easy thinking you can spread your attribute points out across all traits and hope to come out ahead; you have to pick a strategy and stick with it otherwise you'll notice yourself dragging behind a bit as the war rages on. This is not a forgiving game and you will not be playing the superhuman savior of America.Aside from that small tidbid of information, all you need to know about the game is that it's a fantastic Civil War strategy simulation. Anyone who may be a fan of the time period, Total War games (specifically the combat aspect), or strategy and war games in general, will absolutely love Ultimate General: Civil War. Not only does this game fill a real niche market by providing the best Civil War based video game in decades, but the team of Game-Labs is headed up by the renowned modder that brought fans of Sega's Total War series DarthMod; a modification famed for its vast AI improvements, improvements that are evidently present in Ultimate General: Civil War.Ultimate General: Civil War is an underated game that I guarantee you'll enjoy playing at this stage; even when it had its issues, it was still hard to keep yourself from coming back frequently and now that the most pressing issue has been fixed, it's going to be hard to leave at all."
76561198045775274,Not Recommended,502520,34736205,Posted: 4 September,all,WriterJWA,"I've been playing this game off-and-on since its release and generally I enjoy it! I think this an all-around great RTS.However, I have a bit of a concern about some of the historical battles. They seem to be FAR too scripted based on historical events, leaving little room for real player strategy. For example, in the Stones River battle, as the Union, I managed to to the CSA left flank and ball up his army against the river by the end of the second scenario of the battle (which extends to first scenario). However, by the third scenario, the game basically tossed away all my gains, balled my army up on the road, and left me with CSA troops on three sides (presumably per the history of the battle). It basically made all my efforts futile.In a second, more recent example, during the Chancellorsville scenario, I managed to secure both the Plank Road objectives with the Union Army on the second scenario (the Stonewall Jackson flank attack scenario). But, like Stones River, by the third scenario my army was balled into a haphazard perimeter around that farmhouse per history and all my gains were lost. What made it particularly worse was that after I won the third scenario, I had to RETAKE all that ground I had already earned.What's the point of fighting these battles if the player is simply locked into script that decides the outcome regardless of how well I do? It's very frustrating. . . ."
,Not Recommended,502520,30562640,Posted: 16 March,all,I ♥ Phil Fish,"I want to recommend this game because I have enjoyed the time I put into it but I can't, at least right now.1) The scripting of the battles and the larger campaign leaves a lot to be desired. For instance, at Shiloh as the Union, I held the CSA at the first battle line. The game then said ""fall back to this line"" and I said ""rather not, doing fine here."" It keep telling me to fall back. I killed all but ~800 of the CSA army. Day 2 starts and I have an army of 25,000 facing their 800 - but I've bet set back to the edge of the map at Pittsburg Landing. Why? Also why did the AI engage on the second day?2) The larger campaign has these same problems. I was playing the the series of battles in the Peninsula Campaign as the Union and won each one by huge margins. And the next battle would load - a holding action to cover our retreat. Why are we retreating? I've inflicted massive losses on the AI but am retreating because that is what historically happened?This leads to a cognitive dissonance. I have control over the units on the battle but what the units do doesn't matter because the next events are all pre-scripted and rigid.If we allow the player to deviate from history in the battles (e.g., by winning or inflicting massive losses in an ahistorical way), it doesn't make sense to have the next battles be bounded by history. A battle, like Gettysburg, happened because of what happened at Chancellorsville. Having Gettysburg occur in a reasonably historically accurate way after a union win at Chancellorsville just doesn't make sense.Without a branching or dynamic campaign, it feels pointless to win/lose/draw the battles.3) The scaling. I understand the importance of the scaling to keep the game challenging but it needs some sanity bounds. If I inflict near-complete losses on the AIs army, they need to start the next battle with similarly low solider counts. The soliders could be better under the hood (harder to kill, better shots under the reasoning that some of those who survived did so for a reason) but to inflict 80% losses and then see the army with near 100% or more than 100% recovery at the next battle just doesn't work.4) Broken mechanics, specifically the AI's ability to run everywhere and do endless melee. Also the endless melee. It seems to have gotten worse. I recently watched a battle as the AI charged my lines. The targeted unit had a 2 to 1 or more advantage over the AI in troops, was totally rested and had 100% morale. There was no attempt to soften the target with rifle or cannon fire - just a charge. The AI unit was routed and it retreated about 300 yards, regrouped and then came back and repeated the charging process.Elsewhere on the battlefield, an AI unit charged an approximately evenly matched unit, again totally rested and ready to fight. The AI did this charge up a river bluff and without any other prior engagement. They just saw my unit on the top of the hill and went for it. They had 2 batteries of arty that could have been deployed and another unit or two that they could  used to provide some fire or attempted a flanking move. Nope. They just went for a headlong frontal assault. Which failed, lead to a rapid regroup, repeat and eventual sucess.Basically, once the AI sees a unit, it charges. There seems to be no regard for the unit's relative strengths or the tactical situation.This is a larger problem because the AI can charge over near-infinite distances and doesn't suffer issues with dropping condition in melee/movement/battle (at least as far as I can see). Melee itself is broken (sticky melee is the bane of my playtime). The AI also doesn't have the persistance that your army does - high losses are okay because they are reset as soon as the battle is over. So there is no reason for the AI to not meat-grinder its units into your lines.This just results in tactically uninteresting battles. ""Oh, there is the Rebel corps I was looking for - they are running across 2 miles of open ground in a charge for my center. Despite being outnumbered 3 to 1 and me having a strong position.""5) ""Magic hill syndrome."" The game has this by the truck load. The reason the hills became important on a field was because of the actions taken by the armies on the field. Suppose for some reason that Meade had set his line far to the east of Gettysburg and Lee had choosen to attack him there. Would Little Round Top have mattered? No. The hills and strong points became important in the tactical context of the battle - otherwise they are just as unimportant as the hill down the road from your house.But that isn't how the game treats the hills. You absolutely must hold certain points on the battlefield because they were tactically important in the historical battle - regardless of their importance in your current battle. Kill and rout the AI but fail to capture the magic hill in time? Draw or defeat are your only options.The AI is aware of these magic hills. I was playing Antietam and pushed the CSA back to the limits of the town of Sharpsburg. Both of our armies were very beat up. The only points on the battle that mattered tactically were where we were fighting to the NE of Sharpsburg. I'm getting ready to do a slight flanking move with my cav and notice the AI is marching a unit towards the VP at Dunker Church. That point has no value - the AI is about to have several units encircled to the NE of town and the first few blocks of Sharpsburg. But the AI is like ""hey, Dunker Church is undefended and historically important, so we should capture that. The actual tactical situtation on the ground is irrelevant.""Eventually, every playthrough, I lose interest. Why spend this hour fighting this battle if the result doesn't matter when it comes to the battle I fight next? Or the army I face next? Or how well I fight doesn't matter as much as if I can send a unit on an end-run march to capture and hold some historically important (but not important in the context) point on the map?Hopefully some patch comes out that fixes the melee, fixes the endless charging and maybe someday a branching campaign mode. Because it certainly does not ""fully depend on player actions and battle results"" right now. It is almost fully independent of player actions and results. If that happens, I'll be excited to revise this review and put as many hours as I can spare into the battles."
,Recommended,502520,32854372,Posted: 27 June,all,Chris (CHA),"This game has come a long way from what it was during release, and even further from its predecessor, 'Ultimate General: Gettysburg'. For a time, the reinforcement pool that the opposition would draw on would be relatively static. This lead to a number of negative reviews due to the game being unfairly difficult. You'd destroy the enemy army in a battle, but the next one they would be even larger and well equipped despite the casualties inflicted. With the 0.90 update of a dynamic enemy army size, this is no longer a problem and I am enjoying my Legendary difficulty run right now.Let's start off with this. The game is grueling, with the lead game designer being the man behind the DarthMods of several Total War game. The AI is much more difficult to handle than any present in the Total War franchise, especially the entries with the closest in era, (Empire & Napoleon).The game also plays much more differently than the aforementioned games. Instead of infantry regiments, you'll be working with entire brigades as a singular unit. Battles will require you to manage multiple divisions at once. In more ways than one, the game is very macro-tactical. You're not so much worried about the formation of a single unit, than you are about your entire force as a whole. If this wasn't clear,do notplay this as if it were Total War. You're going to have a bad time and be frustrated if you do.For those interested in getting attached to their units, much like XCOM, you'll be happy to know that brigade names are completely customizable. Considering how valuable veteran units and officers are, you will get attached to them as if your battles depended on them... because they do. It is rewarding to see scruffy units full of recruits turn into battle-hardened heroes throughout your campaign.It's a must-have for anyone interested in this period of conflict and strategy. Considering it is on sale, I would grab it. This is a promising game coming from an indie studio that surely will bring quality strategy games in the future.Edit [18 July 2017]:The game has finally released out of early access and there's a few things that I want to add to the consumer that wants some straightforward info that I left out in my original review - note that I still wholeheartedly recommend this game.Even at release, there are some frustrating things with the game and that comes down to the level design or at least flow design of certain campaigns. You'll find yourself managing different parts of a battle at different times. Sometimes when the part of the map switches, you won't have access to some trips that you were relying on, or the position they start in isn't optimal and you have no say on how they are placed. I found myself forgiving this in early battles, but in later battles I found it annoying since more was on the line. I found it especially annoying since many of the early battles still allowed you to place units in certain positions even when ""taken by surprise"".I found that sometimes the enemy reinforcement pool would not apply to certain battles, most noticeably the final battles of both campaigns, (Washington and Richmond). By that I mean, I would crush the enemy army to only have 50k troops, and yet there would be 105k+ waiting for me around Richmond. I only barely forgive this because it would be a dull and anti-climactic end to a campaign. It is rather depressing to get to the end of your campaign after many hard fought battles to attrit the enemy, only to find that it was useless just within arm's reach of the final goal.On a historical note, I noted that casualties for battles, especially on harder difficulties, would be extraordinarily high compared to history. Battles like the 2nd Bull Run would have 90k in casualties. To put that in perspective, Gettysburg had ~40k casualties for both sides total. This can be a turn off to some, but a more accurate representation would just result in units running away more - so for the sake of mechanics, this is fine in my eyes but it may not be for you.Again, I still recommend this game. The fact that a game with a relatively static campaign can allow for more in-depth tactical and strategic-level thinking than the open campaigns of the newer Total Wars can is fantastic."
76561198084221101,Recommended,502520,26632240,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ikenslay117,"INITIAL REVIEW:If you enjoyed ""Ultimate General: Gettysburg"", I definitely recommend this. I've only played a couple of battles so far (Philippi and Gaines Mill), but I am greatly enjoying it. Admittedly, it's been a while since I last played ""Gettysburg"", but combat appears to be improved (artillery actually does noticeable damage, you now have to resupply troops with ammo, charging doesn't automatically cause your troops to rout, etc.). The campaign also looks like it will add some depth to the game (allowing you to upgrade and reinforce your forces after each engagement as you fight through the war), so I am excited to explore that more.As it is now, this is a fun game for Civil War nerds like me. I guess my only concern at this point is that I don't see many of the other major late-war battles (i.e. Wilderness, Spotsylvania CH, Cedar Creek, etc.) on the list of future additions to the game, but that has no real bearing on my opinion of the game as it is now. At any rate, I will update my review later as I continue to play with it.UPDATE:Ater investing another 10ish hours since my initial review, I have a few more observations. I've only encountered a few minor bugs, which I have faith will be fixed upon release or soon after. Battles are still fun. I enjoy the ""Historical Battles"" most, as these are closest to what actually happened (although I wish the Dunker Church at Antietam actually looked like the real thing).The campaign on the other hand is definitely in need of some work. I have started three different campaigns (Brig. Gen. difficulty). I lost the first two and I'm actually stuck on the third. The biggest issue with the campaign at this point is that as the game progresses, your army needs to grow in size. I have the unfortunate tendency to lose almost as many troops in battle as I gain afterwards. So, when I can fight battles I am almost always outnumbered (even when I play as the Union). In my current campaign, I cannot progress because I need two corps in order to fight Gaines Mill, but I cannot create a second corps. I think this could be fixed fairly easily if we could simply get more rewards for winning minor battles or even getting draws (receiving rewards for losses seems silly).That said, I look forward to seeing what will be improved upon/expanded as the game is fully released."
,Not Recommended,502520,30051875,Posted: 19 February,all,Teddybear,"First off, I am a huge Civil War buff and really, really wanted to like this game.  However, I just can't.  On the surface, it looks good, but every time I play a battle, I remember why I just can't really like this game or recommend it.  I will play it still because I am a Civil War fan, but each time I log off, I will end up being sadly disappointed for the following reasons.1.)  Campaign continuity.  Sure, your troops follow you and gain experience, can be equipped, etc.  That is all well and good. However, there the campaign stops.  I have fought past Antietam and have inflicted at least 65% casualties on the rebels in every battle (normally closer to the 85-90% range).  Yet the rebel armies don't diminish, they just get larger.  So basically, I've killed 100,000 rebels and in the meantime they've gone from fielding units of 700 to units of 2300.  Explain the logic here?  Campaign is really an inaccurate description, this is a chain of scenarios that requires you to grind through bigger and bigger enemies in each scenario.  It is not a campaign.2.)  Underpowered artillery.  Others have said this too.  My expensive, top-tier Whitworths can't get within a quarter of the map of enemy units.  Even when they do, a barrage of shells kills maybe 12-20 guys (from a ten gun battery against close formation?).  I can more or less ignore their artillery, unless it is firing flank or rear.  Even then, it doesn't do damage, just destroys morale when it kills like four guys.3.)  Broken morale.  Morale clearly does not apply the same for player and AI.  My artillery firing cannister at the enemy flank?  Nothing.  Their artillery firing round shot into my flank, killing six guys?  Instant 40% morale drop.  Brand new rebel unit charging three Veterancy Two units (morale and accuracy upgrades)?  One of my units gets routed, even though it has a morale upgrade and outnumbers their attackers by 780 to 1120.  AI units charge across an open field, eat volleys from three units and route your unit despite being outnumbered and this happens regularly.  Just not realistic.  If the rebels had been that suicidally brave, they would have stormed Washington with clubs and kitchen knives.4.)  Victory calculation mechanics.  Four battles now, I have annihilated over 85% of the enemy and had the rest running as fast as they could.  Guess what?  I lost one and drew one because my infantry were 5 seconds late to recapture or capture a point.  Nevermind that they could have waltzed in there once they got done hunting the remaining rebels through the forests.  We were defending a hill, the rebels are running back to Richmond or lieing dead on the hill face.  I don't think it should count as a defeat because my infantry didn't plop down to cook dinner in the right farm yard.  Victory conditions need to take into account casualties inflicted, number of enemy units still cohesive, etc.  In real life, even if I was pushed back, if I had killed 20,000 rebels for 4,500 Yankees, I think that would be considered a near victory for the US and a definite Pyrrhric victory for the rebels.5.)  The scenario chain strikes again.  The next battle should be determined by what happened in the previous battle.  For example, as the Union, I have decisively and catastrophically defeated the rebels in every engagement.  Over 100,000 rebels were dead before Antietam.  So why, oh why, is Lee trying to invade Maryland (the cause of the Antietam campaign)?  How did I get to Gettysburg when I've killed more men in two years that the Confederates lost historically in the entire war?  If a Union player is winning so decisively, then why is he forced to fighting through a rigidly and poorly scripted series of scenarios?  If this were a campaign, wouldn't the battle move towards the Confederates defending their capital or heartlands from an aggressive and resurgent Union Army?Basically, this game is a big let down.  I really wanted to like this game.  I imagined something similar to Ultimate Generals Gettysburg, where the outcome of one day would affect the next day.  Instead, I got Ultimate General Scenario Ladder.  It feels like an old arcade game.  No matter how many goons you kill, you have to go to the next, scripted level where there are even more goons and a bigger boss battle.  Twenty years ago, that would have been acceptable, but in the wake of so many other outstanding strategy games, I would hope that the strategy community expects more.  Good generalship that leads to decisive victory should be rewarded.  Battles should flow in a logical sequence.  Enemy forces should be affected by losses similar to how the player is.  If, as the player, you lost 80-90% of your army in battle after battle, you'd be done in a couple of scenarios.  If the player does the same, then the player should culminate in attacking Richmond or ending the Civil War heroically and triumphantly (remember, everyone at the start was convinced it would be a ninety day war).Oh, and please, just once, for once, get artillery right.  It is absolutely ridiculous how underpowered it is.  A battery of 10 Whitworths firing at a marching rebel unit over half a map of open field should decimate that unit, not inflict (optimistically speaking) 50 casualties on a 2300 man unit."
,Not Recommended,502520,34050737,Posted: 5 August,all,mikec_81,"This a difficult review for me to write because I wanted so much to like this game.  I was a huge fan of Ultimate General Gettysburg (UGG) and was really excited that the developers were going to make a sequel but sadly it feels like all the changes they made created an experience that had more breadth than the original but also far less depth with respect to the history and the subject matter involved.  A lot of the mechanics also seemed to have been ""dumbed down"" for the lack of a better term.Ultimate General Civil War is nominally a brigade level tactical strategy game with a strategic overlayer set in the American Civil War.  The core game play experience involves maneuvering brigades of troops and batteries of artillery to re-fight battles that occurred during the war.  The game attempts to model factors such as morale or troops, the amount of cover they have to work with in any given terrain they are placed, and overall fighting effectiveness in a stat they call ""condition"".  Most of the game is played on an overhead view where you direct units into positions on a battle map.  The best comparison would be the Total War series and the control scheme is very similar.  In the campaign mode, this is supplemented by a strategy layer where your success or failure affects your ability to acquire ""funds"" and a manpower pool from which to improve your army.  You can add new brigades, supply replacements to offset casualties, equip them with better weapons as they become available and assign commanders to each unit.  Losses sustained in the tactical game mode carry over from battle to battle and troops that fight and survive gain veteran bonuses that can scale dramatically so it creates a strong incentive to preserve troops.On the positive side, the game retains and improves its excellent visuals from its predecessor.  All the maps are beautifully presented and despite the fact the men are abstracted, the game conveys scale very well by showing small images of soldiers marching in formation and loading and firing of their weapons.  The interface is also largely untouched from the previous allowing you the traditional select, click to move for units and also the drawing of movement paths in the shape of arrows to more precisely outline routes.  Additional functionality has been added to be able to deploy multiple brigades into line at a particular location cutting down on the amount of clicking one needs to do.The game does feature a very large number of maps.  All major battles of the Eastern Theater are in the game as well as several notable battles of the Western Theater.  In addition over 35 smaller battles and skirmishes are in the game in the form of side missions in the campaign that a player can complete to get extra rewards and weaken the computer opponent prior to a major battle.  It is advisable to complete all of them with some exceptions which will be noted below.  Overall the campaign features a good reward system where good performance means a better army with more veteran units which allows you to 'snowball' somewhat.The tradeoff for this campaign system and the dilution of focus away from a single battle to covering the entire Civil War though has lead to some serious downsides and is definitely a big minus for the game.  The first major issue is that in covering so many battles, it fails to present choice and consequence within some of the more complex multiday battles that they attempt to model.  In many multiday battles such as Chickamauga and Shiloh, your results do not carry over from day to day.  A typical example would be the Union army managing to fight off the surprise attack and hold onto the perimeter at Shiloh Church.  At the end of the day, the game will disregard whatever territory you held and proceed to start day 2 at its historical jumping off point at Pittsburg Landing carrying over only casualties sustained and inflicted.This is especially jarring for veteran players of the predecessor UGG which carefully sculpted multiple branching scenarios and offered overall strategy choices for the player and the computer opponent.  If the Union held Seminary ridge on day 1, UGG would offer a spate of scenarios on day 2 which would make fit with your accomplishments on day 1.  In UG Civil War, the game jarringly throws you back onto Cementery Hill and Cementery Ridge regardless of what happened.  The entire experience is railroaded onto historical timelines regardless of whether those strategies executed even make sense given what the player's actions are.   Part of historical war gaming is the ""what if"" factor, the joy of exploring different outcomes even if it is only within the confines of a game.  Ultimate General Civil War offers none of that.This is compounded by the fact that since you customize and make your own army during the campaign, the order of battle and rosters of divisions for the battles it models will inevitably be inaccurate.  When you fight Antietam during the campaign, it will not be with Hooker's Corps in the north and Burnside's south at the bridge.  The battles you fight and win have no effect on the campaign.  Did you crush Stonewall Jackson at Second Manassas?  Well despite destroying half of Lee's army Antietam will happen anyways.  Victories and defeats very quickly feels meaningless beyond trying to win in order to earn more money to get better gear for you men and raise more brigades.The Historical Battles option in the game somewhat alleviate this issue by supplying the player with a historical order of battle for scenarios but they still suffer from the issue of not adjusting to player gains or losses on positions and shoehorning the player to historical outcomes regardless of what happens in game.  As such, a player's ability to explore the alternative histories of any individual battle is severely limited and feels shallow and unsatisfying.Whats more, weapons are modeled seemingly for the sake of having some sort of selection in the game.  Their statistics are not at all reflective of reality.  Examples include the game offering the player a variety of muskets to outfit each brigade.  You have old smoothbore 1842, Springfield models 1855, 1861, and 1863.  For some bizarre reason, the old smoothbore 1842s have a very high melee rating compared to later rifled muskets.  There is no historical basis for this.  It leads to bizarre player choices like having a dedicated assault brigades armed with old 1842s simply because they do better in melee.  Similarly, Springfield muskets 1855 to 1863 are pretty much identical in terms of battlefield performance, yet the game would have you believe that the 1863 can shoot significantly farther and more accurately than an 1855.  This type of arcade management for the sake of having it is unwelcome from this player's point of view.Finally the tactical gameplay changes arguably make the game worse by stripping tactical complexity, creating needless micromanagement, and adding absurdly unrealistic tactics which are even more egregious than an arcade style title like the Total War series.  One exceedingly offending example follows.You have the ability to fire into melee combat with any and all weapons and not result in any friendly losses.  This creates absurd situations where you line up cannon and veteran troops equipped with weapons that have a good ranged shot rating behind poorly eqipped expendable brigades that will shield your troops and cannon from fire and when they engage in melee your good troops and cannon then fire INTO the melee and absolutely massacre the enemy brigades with no ill consequence.  This was a staple tactic on defense I used repeatedly.Overall this game is a serious downgrade from Ultimate General Gettysburg.  I cannot recommend this game."
,Recommended,502520,32270295,Posted: 8 June,all,⚡⚡Caesar15⚡⚡,"Almost *ALL* of the negative reviews now are irrelevant, a new update that came out yesterday makes it so the enemy is actually dynamic, so if you destroy them in a battle you're going to seriously hinder their war effort. So you know, you can win now."
76561198008313387,Recommended,502520,26653642,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Napoleon,"I did not know this game existed until yesterday morning when I woke up and since I love Civil War games I took a risk buying a $29.99 game that's in Early Access. I have almost 8 hours logged in in a little over 24 hours, which for me is a lot of time. The game feels right in terms of playability, historical accuracy, fun, and replayability. This is by far the best Steam Early Access game I've ever played, and other than a few bugs this game is almost a bug free game. I've only experienced 1 crash, but that was when I was recording gameplay. As someone who has mastered Empire Total War on Expert, the AI in this is very unpredictable, and I was out maneuvered many times even on the easiest difficulty. The best part of the game is where you create your own Civil War commander and rise through the ranks from Corp commander all the way to Major General. Sadly when you get to the 1st Winchester battle as the CSA it's pretty much impossible to win, and after 4 tries I still lose every time. If you love strategy games you have to buy this. If you love Civil War games you will go to Hell if you don't buy this game."
76561198032908608,Recommended,502520,34268222,Posted: 15 August,all,El Grito,"August the 15th, 2017Dear Sarah,The indications are very strong that we shall leave for work soon-- perhaps tomorrow. Lest I should not be able to write you again, I feel impelled to write lines on this masterful strategic simulator that may fall under your eye when I shall be no more.You may find the complexities of control, slow pace, and lack of text over hard-to-identify unit icons difficult. You may find the lack of a topographical mapmode severely difficult when placing artillery. I know how strongly you reacted to this game's predecessor, UG: Gettysburg. We owe a great a debt to that title that came before this one now. And I am willing—perfectly willing—to accept that this title suffers from the same limitations of Gettysburg—simplistic flanking mechanics, a steamrolling Union campaign—to help support this game, and to pay that debt.But, my dear wife, when I know that you will experience the new depth that resource management, equipment management, and the political system brings, my own joys lay down nearly all of yours. You will encounter one of the most adapatable and intuititive AIs seen since the golden age of Close Combat games—even better than Gettysburg. You will enjoy the care and depth of each major battle—none repetitive, none ignored nor half-measured—and the pleasure of reading AI news dispatched begging for reinforcements against your victorious march. You will appreciate how the games resourcing forces you to choose between a retreat that preserves your army, or a last-stand to defend a capture point.Sarah, my love for the maps and unit graphics is deathless, it seems to bind me to each battle with mighty cables that nothing but Omnipotence could break; and yet my love of Country comes over me like a strong wind and bears me irresistibly on with all these chains to the battlefield for I cannot bear to play the Confederates yet.Forgive this game's few UI faults, and the many pains its drop-prone multiplayer have caused you. How thoughtless and foolish enemy brigades can sometimes be, standing still in open cover and taking 50-60% losses without retreat! How gladly would I wash out with my tears every little spot upon your happiness, and struggle with all the misfortune of this world, to shield you and my children from harm. But I cannot. To enjoy this game is to understand that while no perfect tactical simulation game exists, as far as the Civil War genre goes, Ultimate General: CiviI War is as close to one as exists on Steam.Sarah, do not mourn me dead; think I am gone and wait for me, for we shall meet again. O Sarah, I wait for you there! Come to me, and lead thither my children.GritoMajor El Grito2nd Rhode Island InfantryManassas, Virginia"
76561197986775314,Not Recommended,502520,33607117,Posted: 17 July,all,Aluminum Elite Master,"It pains me to say this, but:A lot of work still needed to be done before this went to launch.I greatly respect the guy behind this, a really hard-working modder of Total War games (and did TW: Rome 2 ever need the mods back in the day, for one), but this just isn't ready to be considered out of a beta state.Part of the issue is that this is such a bigger enterprise than UG:G was... there's a lot more battles and maps to test, and it doesn't look like they got tested very well. Already by Shiloh, I lose the battle because the map suddenly includes Pittsburg Landing, which doesn't have a single unit on it for my Union, and the CSS rush a single cavalry unit there before I can get back from the Hornet's nest. Then the timer counts down, and I lose, depite causing way more casualties to the point that I was trouncing the CSS. But no, I lose because I have all of twenty seconds to re-cap the point.There's no consistency in the rules of the battles. In other battles, I could lose the point, recapture it a minute later, and win.Sometimes, the map just suddenly includes an area you aren't ready to use, and you lose.Sometimes, the map moves before the timer goes down all the way for the current phase.Sometimes, I flank or get flanked with/from a unit that doesn't even seem to be in range.Sometimes, I see for miles in what appears to be open, high ground, and sometimes I don't.I can't tell if this either still needs a lot of work, or needs a lot less ambition. It's one of the two, sadly. A lot more needs to be explained during battles... it might help to have it be far more obvious as to where your off-screen units actually are... because on Shiloh, evidently I had no one off-screen at the landing, which was not obvious. And even if I had a few regiments under the maximum, I should get the option to keep some units there... why everyone was at the church and hornets nest is beyond me.Further, flanking is super, super wonky. I already wrote about how flanking sometimes occurs from units that don't even seem to be close to in range. But, worse, the morale hit from flanking is absurd while the damage totally pitiful. A unit of 2,000 men flanked by a skirmisher unit of 200 should not lose 60-70% of morale from a single volley or two. Now, I know that this was a change not long before release... flanking used to do decent morale damage and tons of health damage, and it got 'balanced'. But, come on... the damage should be a bit more and the morale hit should be a decent chunk less.As for some bright spots, the CPU calculates moves reasonably well, and the diversity and number of maps is a huge step up from UG:G.But it's a rather muddled game. A lot needs to be explained, rebalanced, reworked, etc. Half the battles feel like I just need to memorize what happens and what map part opens when. And that's kind of tedious.Finally, here's something I'm neutral on:The CPU gets freebies to keep pace with the player during the campaign. Now, that's not at all different from most strategy games. But the addition of more and more men to the CPU's side makes later battles into hilariously epic affairs, even when it's a minor battle around a little railroad crossing. As the CSS, I can understand being outnumbered, since you supposedly get other benefits elsewhere. But, good grief is it funny when as the Union I am forced into an equal-numbered stalemate of Verdun-like proportions. All of that said, I probably marginally prefer this to bleeding the CSS white prior to Gettysburg.All-in-all, it's playable, and far more ambitious than UG:G.But the learning curve is steep, and not for the right reasons. More text during battles, and a better user interface, and the learning curve probably shallows out a good deal, and that's not a good thing to realize.EDIT 1: Before I forget, a couple of other quick things:#1 - Because of the immense morale hit when flanked, cavalry suffer the most. Given how fast they move, the morale hit should be lower for them unless they are in melee to their front when flanked... as it should be easy for them to move away. Really makes cavalry a pain, and renders them pretty useless in some of the bigger battles.#2 - Is there a way to display the percent of my army that I lost already, or the kill ratio? I know I can click on my corps commanders to figure out the losses, but this is such a vital bit of info on the missions that require a kill ratio or whatever... wouldn't be a bad idea to have this on-screen in these missions by default.#3 - Finally, I'm willing to totally flip script and recommend this if it gets most of the work it needs. I bought into it during EA, and am somewhat fine myself playing through the teething problems... but it remains somewhat lame to tell the people who weren't already in the EA that this is now beyond a beta state. Making it go full retail on Steam already was probably due to financial factors, but aside from technical stability (it doesn't seem to crash at all, which is more than can be said of some AAA titles) it just isn't really complete.EDIT 2:I just played up to Shiloh, again, as the CSA.And a new glitch/problem occurred.My supply wagon on my left hand side disappeared for a while, and I ran out of supplies on that flank. The wagon re-appeared on the 2nd day, which is well into the battle... by then, it was too late, and that flank had to pull back.Getting pretty frustrated with the poor testing on this, now. It has the potential to be a rather good game, but I'm seeing even more evidence that some, and surprising many early-on, battles weren't really play-tested properly.Edit 3:Played up through Chancelorsville as the Union... was outnumbered the last 3-4 major battles up to and including Chancerlorsville. And this while causing double the casualties I was taking pretty much every mission. And while winning every battle but 2nd Bull Run, which was a draw. And playing just on normal difficulty.This is a serious problem. I mean, if I was messing up and losing battles and getting entire units wiped out every single loss, I could then understand being outnumbered. And I'll admit that I'm not MLG or anything special. But it's insane that as the Union I'm getting outnumbered when I'm winning almost every battle, including Antietam and Fredricksburg (which were a draw and a loss, in real life, for the Union).You know, it reminds me very much of the rubber-banding CPU of NBA Jam or Mario Kart 64 (dating myself with those referrences, but it's an apt comparison). Get out in front by 10 points, all of a sudden the CPU makes half-court shots. Get way out in first, get nothing put a single green shell.And that is not at all what one would expect in a historical strategy game.FINAL EDIT:You know, once you learn each battle by playing it a couple of times, it's actually not at all a bad campaign. But like I saw on another review, it becomes kind of Simon Says-like, in that you find the one right way to proceed (as in, exactly how many men before army scaling kicks in, exactly where on the tactical maps do reinforcements come from, etc.) and can react properly.It's just frustrating that basic things aren't always made obvious... even reinforcements are opaque, with some appearing only on a battle phase progression, and others occurring mid-phase. And so on."
76561198007300752,Recommended,502520,28919020,Posted: 1 January,all,Blackadar,"---Early Access Review---This will be revised once the game is launched.I own the original UG: Gettsburg and while I thought it was a decent game, it was too limited in scope. I posted in the forums that the game felt like an entertaining tech demo for a variety of reasons. While I'm not covering those reasons in this review (you can go read my UG: Gettsburg review), I thought it was merely okay but a good value given the inexpensive price. But I wanted more.Enter UG:CW which I only bought because of some of the Let's Plays out there.This game fixes virtually everything I did not like about the first game. Everything is improved. I know that's a blanket statement but it's true. The maps are even more visually spectacular with great places to set up ambushes and plan defensive lines. While before there were broad forests, this game has hills, rivers,creeks and clumps of realistically-spaced trees that provide wonderful tactical options. Catching the enemy in a crossfire coming down a country road is a thing of beauty to behold. Holding fire and opening up with your cannons at almost point blank range to stop a charge gets the adrenaline pumping.The isometric perspective has changed a bit and I feel more engaged in the battles becaus of it. I can see my units better. The already great UI has improved so that I get all the information about my troops that I want. There are some tweaks that I hope are still coming on the movement - sometimes it's hard to get a unit *exactly* where you want it - but the interface makes this game easy to pick up.Battles are set up in multiple stages but you often get a chance to command the whole battlefield. This is quite different than UG:Gettsburg where I never felt like I was in command of the largest engagement of the entire war with over 200,000 troops on the battlefield.For example, in the Shiloh battle as the Union you start with an encounter to the West. It's limited to a few thousand troops as you defend a position. Once you complete that battle you get to fight on the East side of the battlefield - this battle being more difficult as the Rebels outnumber you. Then the game brings both of those together exactly as you left each battle. So now you are commanding both fronts trying to hold each position and you're dealing with low ammo, tired troops and reinforcements coming down the pike. I desperately held on to both defensive positions but my troops were exhausted, low on ammo and had taken some punishment.I was ready to call it a day. But no...the next stage tasked me with a historically accurate withdraw to better defensive positions (something that is rarely done well in war games) where I'm trying to prevent my tired troops from taking too much damange as we withdrew. Of course I used the opporutnity to execute a couple of ambushes along the way. By now I'm commanding 25,000 troops as we withdraw to Pittsburg landing to prevent getting overrun by the Rebels. My successful tactical engagement in one area of the battle influenced the battle elsewhere as enemy troops were forced to shift reserves to some probing counterattacks by the Union. Sound fun? It is.There is a also a strategic layer to the game where you build your army, select your weapons, pick your leaders and grow your mighty army the way you want to see it built. IThis strategic layer isn't robust  but offers just enough to provide some quite interesting possibilities because ou can build the army the way you see fit (within the manpower and money constraints). You also level up your general and make him better in certain areas - again, as you see fit. So instead of being handed a bunch of nameless troops you become attached to your best units. You may find yourself reluctant to throw some of your troops into the meat grinder knowing how much time, manpower and money you've spent making them such a fine fighting force - and knowing that some of that expensive rare equipment isn't easy to replace if they get chewed up.Of course the game is EA but I have yet to hit a crash or a bug. More battles are coming but I've just scratched the surface on this game. There's many more battles that I have yet to play and it appears that this game will have a lot of content by the time it's done. This may be the best Civil War game of all time by the time it is finished so if this is your type of game I'd say it's well worth your money."
,Recommended,502520,27071802,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[32nd Cpt] gurudennis,"Four score and seven years ago Game Labs brought forth on this platform, a new game, conceived in quality, and dedicated to the proposition that great Civil War games don't have to be ancient or clunky.Now we are engaged in a new great Civil War game, testing whether that game, or any game so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battle-field of reviews and comments. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as the ultimate praise for those who gave their time and effort that this game might exist. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this.But, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate -- we can not consecrate -- we can not hallow -- this review. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled to make the game, have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did. It is for us the players, rather, to be dedicated here to the Early Access work which they who toiled on it have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before them -- that from this honored early copy we take an increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the full devotion -- that we here highly resolve that this game shall not die in vain -- that this game, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom -- and that quality entertainment of the nerds, by the nerds, for the nerds, shall not perish from the earth."
76561197968273324,Recommended,502520,33578032,Posted: 15 July,all,The Phos,"Easily one of the best wargames of 2016/17, Dartis' (of ""Darthmod"" fame) expands on the concepts tested out in Ultimate General: Gettysburg by taking that one battle and expanding it out onto the entire US Civil War.You start in command of a single small Corps of ~4 Infantry Brigades and supporting arms, and go from there.  The Game progesses through sort of a ""Greatest Hits"" of the civil war, encapsulating all of the major battles of the conflict, while using ""side-quest"" battles to simulate some of the smaller actions.Everytime you take the field you have the chance to earn valuable experience for your troops and (arguably more importantly) your officers.  Each victory also earns you ""Reputation"" which may be spent (this simulates political maneuvering, I assume) in order to get your Corps assigned the best officers and more modern equipment.***That game pretty rapidly goes from Napoleonic field maneuver warfare with highly innaccurate Springfield '42's to basically Trench Warfare a-la the Somme with startlingly accurate high end rifled muskets or even Repeater Carbines, turning your brigades into machine-gun toting bad asses.The AI doesn't cheat, relentlessly seeks to turn your flank and aggressively exploits every advantage it can find.  You, the player, must always strike a balance between bold aggression and preserving your army - until you Conquer Washington/Richmond there's *always* a next battle.I personally really get a lot out of watching my Corps/Army develop, I name my Brigades as I form them (so they don't get renamed when there are new officers) and on my most recent Union playthrough I used one of the units the game gives you in the Tutorial to Capture Richmond.  They'd been with me through the whole war, fighting on after atrocious losses.  It seemed fitting that they close it out.I've gotten every penny of value from this game's purchase price, and would absolutely recommend it to fans of the genre."
76561198022145692,Recommended,502520,26683696,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,immortalhunter2003,"Gamers know that there are a few games and publishers which have changed their respective genre for all games to follow.  Sid Meir, Elder Scrolls, Freelance are just a few of the games and publishers that have left a lasting impact.  After several days in this game and having previously played UG Gettysburg, Games Labs stands on the edge of lasting impact or lasting shame(LGN still remains king of Gaming Shame).At a glance anyone who has studied the Civil War can see that this Publisher has done his home work.  Weapons are accurate to the period, Generals are well researched and though its still rough their AI acts in accordance with the historical records of the officers.AI is a beautiful challenge throughout what I have played so far.  I have been outflanked, outmanuvered, and overwhelmed at times.  This game will force you to think and use the tools at your disposal.  Micromanaging is very easy but when you have 4 full divisions on the battlefield it can be confusing.As it stands I would recommend this game, it is beautifully done, provides great challenge, and replayability.  I can only hope that it gets better as they work on it.  There are a few things though I see from the get go that perhaps will change in the release version.I will eagerly watch this game and its development as I play it again and again.  I have tested many aspects of the game and the AI responds in accordance with any minor tweeks I have made to what I have available.  If you love good strategy games, the Civil War, and a game that provides you a challenge then this is the game for you.Good luck to all and may you enjoy this as much as I have so far."
76561198157612976,Recommended,502520,33568264,Posted: 15 July,all,Burning Bridges,"Takes a lot of the good things of Close Combat and Shogun Total War and delivers one of the best old school games of 2017.It is still not perfect, the gameplay still needs to improve. The campaign also is not going to keep you replaying forever. But all these things can be improved and expanded with DLCs, addons or a sequel.The AI is quite good, although I think it should be simulating different general types (cautious like McClelland, aggressive like Lee, Grant etc). Right now there is no consideration of the opposite general and the game could benefit greatly from this.Graphics in this game is very good and shows a keen eye for small detail. Same with sound and ambience which is top notch in battles although some voiceovers are more funny than anything (like when in the army camp suddenly someone shouts ""Sir, Yes Sir!"", totally startling the player)With Ultimate General hitting v1.0 yesterday the ultimate verdict on this project is still years in the future. But for a fresh release out of E/A one of the best games of this kind that has come out in years, and one on which I gladly give my very prestigious seal of approval."
,Recommended,502520,29632697,Posted: 1 February,all,Gordon Brown,"Easy to pick up, difficult to master. Exactly how strategy games should be.Absolute masterpiece of a game."
76561198013968015,Recommended,502520,28087812,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,emcdunna,"Ultimate general is best summed up by the following battle report (slash rant).I just finished spending 4 and a half hours fighting the battle of Shiloh as the Union. The battle ended in a Draw, as I wasnt fast enough at capturing the ending objectives in the final phase.Holy Cow. This game has me glued to my chair.So the game is amazing if you like a specific kind of tactical gameplay, which it excels at marvelously.Watching my veteran divisions fight off wave after wave of confederates, running down on men, then on ammo, then almost all of them getting exhausted, it was epic. I felt like I was playing as Kind Leonidas fending off 1 million persians with 300 spartans.In the end though, the Rebs lost 30,000+ troops, to my 10,000... meaning I took 30 - 40% casualties. I even lost 3 tier 2 brigades that I have had since the beginning of the game.Anyway I can completely understand why some people can't beat that level. Literally just my physical exhaustion for playing the whole thing without a break is a challenge.In the end though, I guess my playthrough of Shiloh ended a bit more like the battle of Antietam, heavy casualties for both sides without a true winner. Enter the meatgrinder of the civil war, command and manage massive armies (I mean MASSIVE, like no other game out there has armies this big! and when I say ""armies"", I literally mean a Field Army in the literal sense, that has several Army corps, each numbering in the 10,000's of troops, comprised of 3 - 5 divisions, each with 3 - 5 brigades!)Anyway completely recommend this game. I am maybe 15% of the way through the Union campaign, and if this was literally the entire game (only the levels I played so far), it would be worth the money, and I would be restarting right now to play it again on the next difficulty!"
76561197982440544,Recommended,502520,26630821,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,wisky4372,So far so good...for early access it is really polished...cannot wait to see the finished product. Bravo to this amazing Ultimate General expanded and intense game.
76561198007738697,Recommended,502520,32246682,Posted: 7 June,all,Lexis,"This game is a huge upgrade of Ultimate General: GettysburgIt offers two major campaigns, with 13 major battles each, and 1-3 minor skirmishes per major battle. The campaigns are linear, meaning wether you win or lose, you will play the next battle anyway. However the number of men you have available and the amount of cash correlates with your performance in battle.Additionally in the main menu there are historical battles (covering the same engagements like in the campaign) and a small number of customized battles. On the battlefiield you have to conquer strategic points, this equals often in the destruction of the enemy army. There is no multiplayer yet, sadly.Designing your armies is quite detailed, you can choose between 15 sorts of weapons for infantry (e.g.Springfield 1855, Palmetto 1841 etc.), and around the same number for each cavalry, artillery and skirmishers class. The weapons cost different amounts of money, depending on their performance like reload time, accuracy and range, to name some attributes. A limited number of weapons is being provisioned by your government as well, furthermore you get weapons from the battlefield debris.Also, you can either refill your ranks with inexperienced troops or veterans, the difference in the costs are massive.Reading through the negative reviews on this game I have to say that the AI is very tough. Extremely tough.Although it is not impossible to win, and here my opinion differs from the recent reviews.I play these type of games for many years and I always look for the challenge. Take the the Total War series for example, their games offer an extensive multiplayer community, but in single player the AI is just crap. Same goes for 95% of the other games out there, at a point you can manage. Here a veteran of strategy games will be tested thoroughly, over and over.In general it is possible to survive the campaign with positive results, only it takes a lot of time of intensive planning and the willingness to repeat some battles - as in some cases despitewinning a major battle, your army took such a beating that the money for the victory does not cover your casualties.At the moment they are improving the AI, making it more adaptive and at the same time designing the campaign more dynamic.I hope they will add a multiplayer mode soon."
,Recommended,502520,33408606,Posted: 9 July,all,Nodewalker,"Playing on normal difficulty up until Malvern Hill.This is the closest thing to the ideal Civil War campaign simulation I've always dreamed of when I was playing Robert E. Lee Civil War General back in the late 90s.Difficulty:Insane difficulty issue has indeed been resolved; or so it seems since I haven't played the game when comments section was bloodied with angray rants about impossible enemy troop sizes. Up until now I haven't encountered any situations where even careful min-maxing the situation was not enough to overcome the odds. When the battle seems impossible, try to ignore the default directions given at the beginning of the stages, and flank the enemy as much as possible. This game heavily rewards ANY breach in the line defense structure, and AI is significantly at a disadvantage when it comes to shifting the defense line to respond to any flanking forces.Army Management:If you remember R.E.Lee Civil War General's army progression where you buy better weapons for your units with the money you've earned, you will be pleasantly surprised to find that Ultimate General: Civil War is an enhanced version in every way. Now you can adjust brigade sizes, add traits to your brigades as they gain exp, and make your very own corp in any composition you prefer.Generals and brigades all level up, adding to the efficiency and resilience of the troops. Also, YOU as the commander of the 1st corp gain ""career points"". These points can be spent to improve many aspects of the game, such as expanding the army hiearchy structure (more brigades per division, more division per corp and so on), increasing the gold and recruits you get for each battles, decreasing the costs of veteran troops, and even reconnaisance which lets you know your enemy army's sizes and equipment level in advanceGameplay:the game runs in real time, but you can pause it anytime you want to better assess the situation. Basically you control every brigades on the battlefield (even the ones not from your own corp). If you find controlling 20~30 brigades at once too tedious, you can let the AI take over by division level. AI then automatically controls the brigades in the designated divisions according to the aggresive/defensive mode you can switch at any time. However, it is much better to control the brigades yourself, since those AI controlled divisions can ruin your game if unattended. Then again, if you're going to keep close eyes on your AI divisions, you might as well control them.General battles feels legit and real. Using covers and maneuvering the terrains to flank the opponent are absolutely necessary if you want to win battles with minimal losses. Battles are fun and satisfying because of fluent animation and captivating sound effects. 4 unit types - infantry, cavalry, artillery and skirmishers - each has their role, and knowing their limits will be very important in conserving your men and preventing needless casualties.Summary:- difficulty issue has been completely resolved- gameplay is addicting and fluent- army management is detailed but not overly meticulous- design of unit types fit their roles, although infantry will likely take about 70~80% of the gameplayIf you're a Civil War games fan, then this game is a MUST BUYIf you're into real-time battle simulation games such as total war series, I highly recommend buying the gameIf you don't have any prior experience in these types of games or interest in the Civil War era, you might be a bit overwhelmed at first, but I'm 100% sure that with a bit of effort you will be able to appreciate the gameplay"
76561198007229863,Recommended,502520,26731285,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,John MacNair,"Ultimate General: Civil War is entirely a perfect sequel to the already great Ultimate General: Gettysburg. It keeps the strong parts of that game and improves on it`s faults, the melee and artillery for instance. The campaign is a lot of fun on both sides and the Army customization adds a nice resource managing part to it. This is a must buy for Civil War and actual Strategy Game fans."
,Recommended,502520,29596839,Posted: 30 January,all,Chief clench,"This is the best new strategy game on Steam once you get past the steep difficulty curve.In an era when Paradox and Creative Assembly hold our hands game after game to the finish line, the AI in this game is really trying to make you lose.The sound is also amazing."
76561198037154526,Recommended,502520,28187541,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,(EC)Hort55,"I myself am impressed by the game, its not as difficult as Gettysburg was battle wise, but campgain as the enemy becomes better equiped and larger than you as you take casualties and constantly have to requip and reorg your army...its a bit tough, took me a day or two to get used to it but even then it keeps you on your toes, I haven't played it on the hardest difficulty yet but I think it would be for a harder expierence if the player lost the ability to restart the current battle, make a one battle mistake disasterious for your entire campgain"
,Recommended,502520,34397167,Posted: 21 August,all,Benjo,"One of my favorite games growing up was Sid Meyers Gettysburg.  There was no other game like it and for years after there has been no other game to replace it, until now. And with the entire war.  Not only did they reincarnate the same format but actually improved upon the game style, allowing you to create your own army, letting you to decide whether to spend your limited budget on better weapons or more soldiers.  Many of the ""what if?"" scenarios you have often wondered about are availible for you try out.  I have waited for a game like this for over a decade and it was well worth the wait."
76561198048501492,Recommended,502520,32818307,Posted: 26 June,all,Tibbs versus Japan,"This is the logical successor to Gettysburg. The AI is tough, the managment and logistics is awesome, and the general attention to detail is great. If this had a freeform campaign like Total War, it could honestly rival a TW game."
76561198166175991,Recommended,502520,28165812,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,The King of Spades,"This game in ways is better than Total war Empire and Napoleon. I say this because of the Customization and Battle Immersion. Holy hell this game is fun and ten times better than UG Gettysburg. I look forward to your future development of this game as it looks like its getting kinda big in our community. When you lose vets youll be shaking your fist at the enemy. This game requires thought and planning. And when you take your Corps on the field you actually feel like a commander of Men and Logistics.Your success or failure in battle can result in glorious victory or total defeat. You can even be fired if you fail at your objectives, which i find interesting. You can play as all the Famous Heroes North and South, From Grant, Meade, Jackson, A.P Hill, Longstreet and the man himself Robert E. Lee. Lead you forces under them or even have them command a Brigade under you if you want!Customization is one of the greatest things about this gem. You can make small Regiments of about 500 men all the way up to Brigades of 2500! Wait till you see what a 2500 man Brigade can do to a Flanked enemy, its rewarding to say the least. Youll spend your time looking at new weapons to purchase for your men. Where and how to spend your hard fought money to equip and strengthen your Corps. From Rifles, Muskets, Carbines, Howitzers, Rifled Guns, The venerable smoothbore Napoleons, Whitworths, and James Rifles, You'll always strive for the best weapons and men your finances and reputation will allow.Needless to say this game is amazing and you wont put it down if you get it. Thanks Darth for your hard work this game is beautiful.  9/10, id give it 10/10 if you put some damn fife and drum in the game! Where is my paddy on the handcar!!"
,Recommended,502520,26632686,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,zkluhman,"Took my first sick day from work in a long time, hopped on steam and what do you know? Sequel to my favorite strategy game of the last couple years was surprise released. I had followed UGG closely for a while a year or two ago, but it completely dropped off my radar and I never even heard they officially announced a sequel. I'm happy they eventually decided to go the broader route of the whole war, rather than focus on another battle individually.What can I say? If you loved UGG, there's no reason to not get this. These games are an effort of love for these guys (and Darth in particular), and they deserve every cent they can when going up against the genre behemoths like Total War. I haven't had a chance to explore many of the new features yet, but after seeing how these guys tweaked and expanded UGG to perfection for what it was, I have no doubt this game will deliver 10x its value over the course of EA and after release.Here's to hoping for a Total War style campaign eventually, even if it's not in this game. Hit me up for some MP!"
76561198007643775,Recommended,502520,33959049,Posted: 1 August,all,Hugh de Salle,"Before buying this game i advise people to read up on the net on how to equip there armies and tips on how to get past the intial battle by doing this you will not get frustrated and hopefully not refund the game because you didnt know how to play for the first 2 hours , If you did refund your missing a total gem of a game.This is a must buy for any stratagist out there it combines elements of total war with the old civil war games like Sid Meiers Gettysburg and Battle ground series , Throw in some rpg and the abilty to raise your own troops name brigades and arm them with a variaty of civil war weapons and you have a totally brilliant game.This game had me doing the rebel yell in a scottish accent if you can imagine that totally 10/10."
76561198074300888,Recommended,502520,28786886,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Marx' Marvelous Muffins,"Ultimate General: Civil War is best summed up with the following experience as the Confederates:17 September 1862; Union foces have amassed and prepare an attack on the creek at which my10,000 soldiers and 60 guns stand, more reinforcements are expected and by mid-day I shall have an army of around 35,000 excluding my 140 guns fully manned and around 2,000 cavalry (these played a key role for me in the battle) however I am still horrified at the odds I face, around 70,000 Union infantry a similar amount of cavalry to me and of course a significant artillery advantage estimated at about 200 guns. My only advantage lies in the creek I have chosen to defend; my men are well covered by the trees and we are prepared to mow down the Unions first wave, my cavalry head north to harass the unions northern flank, little did I know the skill of confederate cavalry (with my awesome leadership).The first wave is upon me, thousands upon thousands of Union men enter my line of fire, perhaps a little to complacent as some even attempted a bayonet charge as blue bodies began to litter the battlefield, as morning came to an end another Union attack wave reached me as my casualties began to mount, I have no definative number but the casualties are around 2:1 in our favour at this point at the least, my cavalry who up until now have been desperately evading Yankee troops up in the north have been freed by Early and his 900 men sent to deal with the Bluecoats, my cavalry are free and I can unleash my masterplan.The Union launches a small attack on Sunken (I think thats what it was called, civil war buffs may correct me on that) road and my small but sturdy garrison of a few thousand and a small artillery detachment held for now. By now the battlefield is littered with bodies mainly blue and is disfigured by the unfathomable amount of shells fired. My cavalry have been harassing the Unions right for a while now but I realise that I must tale direct control, I send both cavalry brigades I have in a enveloping movement to behind the main Union lines, meanwhile the Union amasses a massive army in secret to attack my garrison on sunken road, their attack commenses and my garrison can barely hold, thousands of men arrive from the south to reinforce my army and 40 artillery guns, I send them to defend the road and and replenish my thinning lines in the forest to the northwest, things are looking good and the union attacks are failing, though their southern attack on the road is becoming a threat. So I unleashed my masterstroke, my cavalry still supported by Early's brigade were now behind the Unions lines so I ordered them to strike west, simultaneously I bombarded the Unions right flank (north) with artillery and volleys of gunfire. As their line retreating they were mowed down by cavalry gunfire and another bombardment from my artillery the Yankees were reeling, so I put them out of their misery with acavalry charge from the right and a bayonet charge from the left, needless to say it was a massacre!With the Union right flank completely shattered I turned my entire northern army round and along with an overwhelming artillery bombardment I hammered their line and routed the entire Union army, oh the glory, a blob of confused and disorganised Yanks routing from the battlefield, I turned on steamroll mode and pushed them back around 2 kilometres in a few minutes. I pushed them back into a small wooded area, this is where I decided to stop as I surrounded the woodland on 3 sides, and the troops that would have guarded the 4th side were sent back south to protect against a Union attack at two bridges further south, stony bridge and... Other bridge along... A river. The fighting for these bridges was desperate, truly the definition of a bloodbath, at one point I even lost Stony bridge before some more reinforments from the northern encirclement, not realising what was too come. At this point my casualties are about 10,000 infantry and a few hundred cavalry and a few artillery guns. Union losses are unknown but based on what happened next and what their end of the battle losses were I would say around 40,000. It was a decisive victory, until the final phase. 2 hours of the battle left, I was certain of victory. then I noticed that the battles for the bridges was drying up, since the battle was nigh on a victory I assumed the Union were fleeing or that they had simply been killed. I was wrong...In the north a collosal Union attack was commenced with 90 minutes (game time) There were 4 strategic points I needed to hold in order to have victory on the day and this huge build up of over 20,000 Union troops completely overwhelmed my dwindling forces at the woodland, I sentthousands of troops and as many guns as I could muster north to fight off this 'Blue Death' but to no avail, almost the entiriety of my northern army was killed, thats around 9,000 men killed in a matter of minutes. I was in shock, but being a professional general I needed to fight on all available troops guns and horses were sent north to fight them off, I formed a defensive line and tried to stand my ground.Without going into specifics I somehow managed to hold them off.Total casualties for me in that phase of the battle were over 10,000 infantry 20 guns and around a 1,000 cavalry while the Union maybe lost 5,000. All that in an hour game time. However, I managed to hold onto all strategic locations and the battle was a victory. Over 20,000 Confederate losses were recorded, almost 2/3 men died. Union losses were even more disastrous, a little over 40,000 men out of around 70,000. A dark day for both sides, and a horrifying introduction to modern war."
76561198267639791,Recommended,502520,29908888,Posted: 13 February,all,Rubicon,THE SOUTH WILL RISE AGAIN!!*Proceeds to get flanked by Union troops on both sides** RETREAT**The South survives to fight another day*10/10  The South will rise....eventually
76561198006569330,Recommended,502520,33541574,Posted: 14 July,all,zainy716,"This game is beautifully done in its simple intricacies.  Most levels revolve around basic 'capture point' and 'hold point' objectives revolving around major battles in the Civil War.  The joy in playing the game revolves around how well the AI and levels, and scenarios are built.  Replayability value is through the roof.  I have played through each battle multiple times as both Union and Rebel and it continues to be the most fun I have had in a single player strategy game.   Factor in the campaign progression and you have yourself a phenomenal game.You will not play a better Civil War game and possibly a no more satisfying strategy game."
,Recommended,502520,30863993,Posted: 31 March,all,DirtForMyGrass,"Disregard this review for now, it does not take into account changes introduced in recent patch.  I will be updating as soon as I finish a playthroughTL;DR: Nostalgic and fun, but lacking, and possessing. seriously frustrating issues that need to be addressed.Perhaps the best thing I can say of this game is that it is what you'd get if you put two classic American Civil War strategy games into a blender and mixed; a wonderful mishmash of elements from Robert E. Lee: Civil War General and Sid Meier's Gettysburg/Antietam.  It's got relatively intuitive controls, incredible artwork and landscapes you fight across, an engrossing army management system in the campaign that's slightly reminiscent of  XCOM's base management, requires you to both manage strategy and logistics to succeed, but does so simply enough that you won't be overwhelmed and lost during your first playthrough-la Hearts of Iron, and, well, it's just a dope Civil War strategy game (this last point only will matter if you are of the opinion that dope Civil War strategy games are underappreciated in today's market).  If you've got some serious nostalgia for Sid Meier's Civil War games, this game might just fill that void.However, there are some serious, serious drawbacks that will coonstantly frustrate you while playing this game.  Firstly, if you are expecting the amount of customization of strategy and potential historical revisionism with strategy offered by the prior Ultimate General: Gettysburg, you will be profoundly disappointed.  With some few execptions, the player is always stuck fighting historical battles with the same goals set by the historical commanders (Fredricksburg as the Union is a real treat, especially if you've won every battle up to that point.  Nothing better than being forced into an unnecessary head on assault that will annhiliate the cream of your army! On the plus side, you get to experience firsthand all of the frustrations of competent officers of the time serving under incompetent politician-generals).  At times, securing the historical objectives ahead of schedule will win you the battle, without regard to subsequent events (most noticable at Second Bull Run and Chancellorsville).  Other battles (Shiloh, Stones River, Gettysburg) force the defender to retreat to historical lines, regardless of how effective the defense was (i.e., falling back to Cemetary Hill, regardless of whether or not the Confederates actually captured Seminary Ridge).  Thus, if you're looking for that ""What if"" scenarios that UG: Gettysburg offered, you'll mostly be disappointed.Second, and much more important, the AI needs some SERIOUS improvement, and I'm not talking about bad strategy. I'm talking almost game-breaking poor decision making.  Most egregious is the path of routing enemies.  If an enemy brigade has closed to melee distance, but then routs, it's a 50/50 chance they'll retreat back to whence they came, or they'll retreat straight through your lines.  Incidental mistakes like this can often compromise the most stout of defenses, as you are forced to divert brigade after brigade from your reserves, or, worse, the front line to chase some 1300 enemy soldiers who insanely decided to retreat straight at the people they were retreating from, and are now raiding your supplies and attacking your artillery with impunity.  When you lose a key position due to something like this, it's enough to make you just restart the whole battle (this is most egregious as the Union during the opening acts of Chickamauga.  Routed Confederate brigades at Alexander bridge will retreat right through your lines).On a similar note, the touted ""self management"" AI of your brigades is also immensely frustrating.  Once again, melee combat leads to issues.  Often, upon successfully fending off a bayonet charge, your soldiers, previously set to ""Hold Position,"" will instead decide to initiate a counter charge in pursuit of the fleeing enemy. This is good when the enemy are on their last legs; it's not so fun when the enemy has just brought a fresh division, but your best brigade decides to abandon their excellent cover in the woodline to charge a fleeing brigade across an open field, subjecting themselves to massive, unneeded casualties (This can be prevented, somewhat gamily, by ordering the unit to detach skirmishers, then instantly reattaching them, but again requires you to be aware that your units are engaging in a suicidal counterattack, which can be difficult during the pitched historical battles). Similarly, ordering a unit to adjust it's facing can often lead to massive casualties, as the unit turns in almost a full 360 degree circle, exposing it's flanks and rear to enemy fire just to slightly adjust its facing.  These issues are immensly frustrating, and detract from what is otherwise a very enjoyable game.Likewise, even with player micromanagement (basically a must), the AI will still manage to infuriate you.  Units issued with a ""hold"" order will develop at random a pacifist streak, refusing to automatically fire at enemies right in front of them until manually ordered to do so (a realistic depiction of how humans aren't actually all that fond of killing each other, perhaps?).  Ordering units to hold is actually an incredibly inconsistent tool (but a necessary one, for reasons I will soon elaborate on), as sometimes, ordering a unit to fire on a unit just outside it's firing arc will break the hold and cause the unit to rotate or advance.  Other times, the unit will stubbornly remain on hold until you manually deactivate the hold order.  Getting a unit to obey a hold order can be an ordeal as well, as your brigades wheel and spin back and forth, presenting their flanks to the enemy willy nilly as you jam the space bar and shout vile calumnities at your little pixelated soldiers.  So, why even bother ordering units to hold?  Because if you don't, they will commence to wheel and spin back and forth, presenting their flanks willy nilly at all times, regardless of how much sense it might make.  Presumabely, the thought process of your little pixelated generals is ""Who gives a damn that Gordon's 1500 men are right in front of me?  145 rebel skirmishers are slightly to my left, better reposition the whole brigade with one flank dangling out in the open to deal with this imminent threat.""There are a few, minor issues that also detract from gameplay: the inability in battle to see what weapons your units are equipped with can frustrate some plans, as you'll largely need to rely on your memory (difficult once your army has 5 full corps).  Likewise, the developers' decision to depict the ""effective firing range"" of units with a brownish-green cone is somewhat mind-boggling, as the lines indicated the range blend very well with the green, grassy fields most of the battles are fought on.Also disappointing, given what I experience in Ultimate General Gettysburg, are the difficulty settings.  Sad to say, rather than going with Gettysburg's innovate difficulty settting in which you essentially choose from 9 different enemy personalities to determine difficulty, UG: Civil War artificially inflates the difficulty by pumping enemy numbers and experience up.  Essentially, enemy army size scales with yours.  Fair enough, but if you planned on pursuing a strategy akin to that of Grant, you'll have to rethink.  At points, however, this scaling gets a little ridiculous, particularly with the smaller engagements before the huge historical battles.  Did you wipe out half of Jackson's corps a week ago before Second Bull Run?  Tough, he's full strength again.  The game claims to have a ""fixed enemy strength"" option that disables this scaling, but it's only available on the easiest difficulty, and, worse still, seems to have no actual effect.Basically, the game is a good nostalgia trip, but in it's current form, it's going to find a way to infuriate you with stupid, almost game breaking nonsense."
76561198072188355,Recommended,502520,33573366,Posted: 15 July,all,Elstine,"Hello, hello - first of all let me start of by saying I've got a -lot- of strategy games, and even more hours on all of them together. (Over 1000 hours on Europa Universalis 4.) So, trust me when I say this feels like a must-have strategy game. Originally when I first saw it I was like; eh... But, I decided to give it a try as a history buff wanting to learn more about the Civil War. Pretty early on I learned that I loved it; right at the start you get to choose your Academy for your General, what they studied, how they served, how they spent their service - giving you various points to your varied stats list; which to me is just... A fantastic idea that more strategy games should implement; it allows for a great amount of replability.Next, is the AI - the AI is truly intelligent I feel; it's not just spamming troops of sending them towards the grinder; it actively thinks about your potential moves and likely positions and acts on them. There's been more than one occassion where I've laughed evily and rubbed my hands together thinking: ""I've got 'em now!"" Only to have a mass of calvery show up on the very back of the map, as the AI took the time to flank -all- the way around me. This just adds more replability; I don't think I've played the same level and have the same thing happen at all.Finally, there's the leveling system for your officers and the gear for your army. It's -awesome- addition that again adds to replability. Are you going to go for a veteran unit with a fast reload time, or are you going to go for a massive recruit army that has high quality, accurate guns? Maybe use a recruit army as a sponge and flank around the sides with your veterans? Who knows; the possibilities seem endless.I'm really looking forward to see what the Developers do and add; and hopefully they go on to make another great game series or DLC - word up to the Developer, I think this type of game-mechanics and such would work awesome in a WW1 setting, or even WW2; or if you really want to get creative, maybe a less-studied war like the War of 1812, or one of the many European Wars in this time-line.Thank you very much for producing a quality game, cheers!"
,Recommended,502520,26638883,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Frielock,"so gameplay this game is basically the same as ultimate general gettysburg, but alot more responsive and polished, haven't had any game breaking bugs or crashes, one of the best parts i think is the ability to individually equip and create brigades. the AI is pretty good also, actively retreating and defending when its needs to and targetting vulnerable and overextended units and supply wagons. while i do agree with several of the other reviews saying the sound quality is at times low quality that wasn't for me somehting that was immediately noticeable, but is definitely an issue now that i have noticed it.  Overall I would recommend this game to anyone who is a civil war fan or strategy fan looking for something new.Update in about 30 hours of playtime I crashed once, and encountered a few bugs pertaining to units getting stuck entering the battlefield..still nothing game breaking, and the bug report tool is quite handy"
,Recommended,502520,34585307,Posted: 29 August,all,Vander,"Simplistic enough, would like more intricacy in the tactical battles. I enjoyed this game so much. I wish the campaign was longer because I got so addicted and I can't play with the damn Union, yet...The camp management is awesome and squad experience and perk gain is also well done. The AI is actually top-knotch.Aout 25 missions per side i think.The smaller ingagements are the most fun. Under 20/30 Brigades. The Interface is awesome and the unit control is also very well done. Not clunky at all, unlike some Total Wars.The Cavalry speed is a bit slow. Knowing horses, a horse is at least twice as fast as a human in most rugged terrain and 3+ faster on open ground.Some missions without a timer would also be welcome, especially when you are attacking. Realistic consequences of enemy reinforcement if you did not get them before X time or better placement the next day etc.The game is not at all difficult to get into, especially if you start on easy but there are times that you need to keep a cool head and think about the bigger strategy and not merely the battles themselves.Basicaly, I WANT MORE !!- other ideas for future installments, my 2 cents.If this game could go a bit Geo-Political in it's scale I would jump for it. Like maybe a campaign directly after the Civil War, one where Britain and France ally to invade the colonies again? One where Spain declares war again and pushes from the south while the European mainlanders come in from the East with a theatre basically twice or three times as big as this one. The weaponry is not too advance and going on with a realistic timeline will complicate things with units and tactics and god-forbid full on trench warfare. So a alternate history for the same timeline should also keep things easier for the developers.  One where you are not as fixed as being ♥♥♥♥ed anyway as history dictates. Can still be linear, but maybe 3/5 routes/outcomes depending on your performance and dicisions."
,Recommended,502520,26690118,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Walter Sobchak,Civil War Tycoon 2016Much deeper than the previous game.
76561197997010255,Not Recommended,502520,28060094,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tentacle Shogun,"A friend of mine said, when I told him I'd picked this game up, that it looked like the kind of game that he would play for a couple hours and then drop. After having played it for a couple hours and gone from enjoying it to being deeply frustrated I find myself agreeing with him. So keep in mind that while I haven't put forty hours into the game, I don't believe that it offers much more variety the further in you go.The Good:- The Visuals: While not ultra realistic 3D, they're nice enough. I enjoyed the kind of old school style they've got going and it reminded me of a couple Civil War games I played when I was a kid. The maps are simple, but it's pretty clear what the different kinds of terrain are supposed to be.- Progression: The progression elements (sort of). The ability to equip your different units with a variety of historical weapons was a nice feature, and the skill bonuses that you can add as a unit gains in veterancy give you the ability to customize yur play style without being overly complicated.- Consequences: Permanent consequences for your units give you a feeling that your tactical decisions matter - to an extent. While you can replenish your troops with veterans following a particularly costly battle, I can see money getting tight as you get further into the game. Admittedly this is a portion that I didn't experience fully, but it's pretty clear what can happen if you toss your veteran units into the grinder every mission.The Bad:- Controls: The biggest problem with the game. Your units will rarely follow your orders to move or shoot at distant enemies, choosing instead to fire on enemies in close range. When they do decide to move, they do so in a way that frequently results in them being shot in the flanks or even the rear. Melee detection is spotty at best, and get used to having troops so exhausted that they can't charge or fight effectively. It's very easy to accidentaly use the battle-line drag tool, which will result in being flanked again. Skirmishers shoot and move, which could be useful except they run away from the enemy the fire at (even if they're outside that enemy's fire arc) which leads tho them being - you guessed it! - fired on in the flank or rear. Considering the progression and carry-through mechanics, this causes permanent damage to your campaing experience. In my opinion, this is what leads to the game not being fun.- Difficulty: The enemy always has more men than you. This is a constant, you'll have to get used to it if you decide to play past the tutorial. They also have more units than you, at least in the missions I completed. You'll end up getting swarmed and there's not much you can do about it besides weather the storm. It means you don't get to go on the offensive very often, and when you do you're likely to get cut off and destroyed.- Map Information: There appears to be some form of elevation system in place - or at least cannons seem affected - but I didn't see any way to display that information in-game. Similarly, the only way to see the cover values is to watch a unit as it travels over land. This makes it hard to do much more than eyeball things and some light forests don't supply as much cover as you might expect. It is possible that I missed an option to display that during values, so keep that in mind.- Map Objects: A lot of things on the map don't function as you'd expect. This ties into the last point, but there's no option to have your troops hunker down behind a stone wall or wooden fence. Considering how many of these terrain features were important during the actual Civil War, this feels like an unfortunate oversight. Things like fields offer cover when they should probably only obscure sight lines.- Battle Advice: Don't follow it, it's terrible. The advisor will tell you to take forward positions to delay the enemy - this is suicide, givent hat the enemy will normally outnumber you by about 1.5X your unit count. Delay the enemy with a unit of skirmishers? Get hit with three infantry squares and a cannon. Hold outside the town waiting for reinforcements? Nope, the enemy circled behind you with as many men as you'll have *with* reinforcements and claimed the town. The best option is always to turtle.In summary, I think this game has some good ideas but the execution was shoddy. A strategy game, especially one with such a large difficulty handicap for the enemy, isn't fun for me if I can't command my troops effectively. Overcoming long odds can be an enjoyable experience, but Ultimate General: Civil War doesn't give its players the tools to do it effectivley.Rating: 2/5 - Wait for a 50%-75% sale."
,Recommended,502520,32189773,Posted: 4 June,all,Cat iz 4 Fite,Ultimate General: Civil War is the followup to Ultimate General: Gettysburg. Instead of focusing on one battle i.e. Gettysburg  the scope of this game has been greatly expanded to include other notable battles.Control remains largely the same. You click and drag your mouse to draw a arrow to move your troops. The biggest changes come in some additional RPG elements. You can create your army by recruiting commanders and making divisions. You also can outfit them with various weapons. You have to be mindful of doing so however as there are political ramifications that can cause you to lose further support later on if your too liberal with spending money. It's a restriction that prevents you from just going whole hog and buying all the best units/weapons up front. This limitation makes your choices all the more important.This game is simply a must in any strategy game fan's collection. Sid Meier's Gettysburg is often held in high esteem by many (myself included). But the Ultimate General games are fantastic and may just have edged out a venerable classic. This game comes with the highest praise I can give and earns a glowing recommendation.
76561198346321053,Recommended,502520,28273700,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,sextonjg,"Review: Ultimate General Civil war is an excellent Tactical RTS civil war game.By no means is it perfect. In realism of battlefield conditions/command and control (fog of war), In realism of Campigns (pre-set scenarios). They are designed very well, and the look and feel of the game seems immerse you in historic conflicts.In some ways it's like an rpg, in that you define your characteristics and attributes as a general, then your brigades and divisions and or corps prior to entering the campaign (after your first battle). Economic aspects, budgeting resources and purchases. It is a very involved and complex game which must have taken a corresponding amount of thought in it's mechanics and art to produce.I highly reccomend it, at $30 it's a steal.So ends my review, now my wish list.On a long march the ability to allow the AI to march (in collum)  your troops along the fastest path (not as the crow flies).Supply wagons for each division, as well as purchasing supply per division prior to deployments.Better scouting of terrain prior to deployment, and that could reflect the regions loyalties.... meaning in MD. it would be neutral, in PA it would be Pro Union, and of course in the south Pro Condederacy.Lastly, as I've not played through the campaign yet, so this may not be an issue. The overall condition of the Confederacy should be reflected in it's victories, so if battles are won that were in history lost, your army and what's available to it should correspondingly reflect that success. At least in the south, moral and supply would be greatly increased, while in the north it may not be as significant a difference.Ok that's it!Fun game, good job!"
,Recommended,502520,33711794,Posted: 21 July,all,rahonbass,If you like a game dedicated to single player satisfaction buy this game.
76561198014843217,Recommended,502520,34671529,Posted: 1 September,all,OldSchoolKicksAss,"I don't usually write reviews, but when I do I mean it.As someone who used to play Take Command 2nd Mannassas (ahh the nostalgia), and long considered it untouchable I've changed my mind. This game exceeds it.I've been playing since Alpha and the game has improved substantially thanks to the dedication of developers. Even after the game has released this game continues to get awesome updates.If want a real strategy game, get this.If on an island with a few videogames to pick, this game would have a definite spot - endless replayability!Highly recommended 10/10"
76561198008041232,Not Recommended,502520,32095171,Posted: 31 May,all,Malet,"I really like this game - otherwise I wouldnt have spend the money and almost 70 hours finishing both campaigns and several of the historical battles.The thing is - while it was a general interesting experience and the gameplay, setting and idea behind it are great (dont get me wrong) - within these almost 70 hours are many, many ragequits, de-installs and Alt-F4's included due to the many bugs, broken game mechanics and frustrating moments.Some examples?- Enemies who retreat trough your lines and then reform to slaughter your backline.- Charging infantry that is faster that charging chavalry- Or the ""Battle of Shiloh"" f.e. were I killed 17.000 Federation Soldiers ... but sadly 25 Riders sneaked passed me and because they stood for 20 minutes on the VP, my 23.000 Union troops decided to surrender - Because of logic.What starts as small, annoying errors quickly pushes your blood pressure through the roof and gets frustrating insanely fast."
,Not Recommended,502520,30019209,Posted: 18 February,all,god8492,"I really want to recommend this game but I can't. I'm a huge fan of Ultimate General: Gettysburg and highly recommend that game but not this one. Anybody complaining about graphics obviously never played Gettysburg and doesn't care about strategy and overall gameplay, their probably just someone who wants every game in 4K with 120fps! Who cares! The graphics of your game can be amazing but if the gameplay sucks then why bother!? This game is all about strategy and tactics not graphics. That being said I am very disappointed in the strategy and tactics of this game.For starters Artillery is absolutley useless in this game. The artillery doesnt break up enemy formations or charges. It inflicts very little casualties until point blank range with canister fire.I also find fortifications to be completly useless. Forinstance if enemy forces come at your fortifications from a slight angle your troops will completly ignore them until in melee mode. The casualty rate is also not effected at all by fortifications. My units will suffer loses at the same rate wheather their in fortifications or not.The AI is also horible it lacks any strategy at all. Rather than attempting to outflank your positions or pound you with artillery to weaken you, the AI will just send everything it has at you in a frontal assault over and over again. The worst part about this is that the AI will always be better than you at a frontal assault. It doesnt matter how much your front ranks outnumber the enemy they always push you back and route your units!The lack of strategy is also effected by the timers and limits you to trying to push the enemy off the field as quickly as possible before the end of the day/timer. In real life some battles would last for days with one army just trying to manuveur around a hill and take it. In this game your limited to just a few hours. As the Union you should be able to mass produce artillery and just pound rebel positions into submission just like real life, however the balancing aspect of the game doesnt allow this. It doesnt matter how much you spend on weapons or making your army bigger they always match you. It is very frustrating when playing as the Union and being matched in manpower, artillery, and equipment in every battle. In reality the rebels largest factory in Richmond produced only 30000 rifles over the entire civil war Springfield Armory produced 15-20000 a month. The rebels should be outnumbered and outgunned in every battle that's reality! The most frustrating part of all that though is the Artillery being completly ineffective. Even if you make over half your army artillery and buy as many cannon as you can you'll be overun in a matter of seconds because they dont stop, slow down, or inflicte any real damage upon the enemy.The final frustrating point is the campaign. My problem with it is that there is no way to fight a different battle. Your always fighting the same battles over and over again and it doesnt matter if you win battles you shouldve lost. For instance if you win First Bull Run as the Union you continue the campaign as if you lost it. The reality is that if the Union won First Bull Run then the Union would very quickly have been knocking on the door of Richmond early in 1861. If your the Union and win Second Bull Run Lee still invades the North. The reality is that Lee would not have invaded the North if he lost Second Bull Run.So overall this game needs alot of imporvment before I can recommend it and it's disappoiunting because I really want to!For some Historical reference check out this video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrXxz4iniRsIf you don't understand the strategy of the civil war you will after watching. You'll understand why Robert E. Lee was so aggressive despite being outnumbered and outgunned all the time!I also have more hours in the game than Steam is recording becuase I'm not always online. Something Steam needs to fix!"
76561198061420707,Not Recommended,502520,26721234,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,luke.marc,"As much as I enjoyed the last game, and think they've made some major steps forward in this game, I can't in good conscience recommend it. When it works well, it's a blast, but the game is inscrutable, gives you practically no information, and seems to defy logic at times.For example, I was once on a ridge, with 1200 veterans shooting down at an enemy group of 600 men, in a river, when they charged me.One would think my side had the clear advantage; we outnumbered them, and we had the high ground. What happened instead was we lost 250 men and retreated. Why, you ask? Excellent question, but the game never tells you. This happens a lot in the game, especially with charges. An enemy charge will destroy my line, while my charges do nothing to the enemy - again, no explanation given.The objectives are similarly obscure; if I take two of 3 positions, and I'm contesting the third when the day ends, that's a loss. That is to say, the enemy has been pushed off 2/3 of the map, and is being pushed off the remaining third, but you still lost.Now, if there were a binary win/lose system, that might make sense - you haven't clearly, objectively won. But the game also has a draw - or at least, it claims to, but apparently being 99% of the way to victory is still a loss, so I'm left to wonder what it takes to end the day in a draw.Then, a substantial amount of the time, my own units refuse to listen to me. I tell them to position themselves across the river from an opponent, they choose to wade across it and get massacred. I tell them to shoot an enemy, they walk until they're 20 feet away and just sit there. I tell them to reposition, they continue firing at the same enemy until judgement day.It's very possible these are all bugs, but I can't be sure. It's also possible that it's just a result of a dumb AI, but I can't be sure of that, either. It's even possible there are mechanics that are at play I nothing about, but I can't be sure because the game refuses to tell me about them. As a result, I will be attacking in cover, from the high ground, surrounding an enemy with fewer troops than I have, and still lose. Any attempts I've made to understand why that is are met with dysmal failure because the game refuses to tell you what's happening or why. All you can do is watch your troop counters tick down constantly, even when you're not being shot at or in melee combat, and wonder why outnumbering the enemy three to one isn't enough to even push them back an inch."
76561198024557412,Recommended,502520,31814712,Posted: 17 May,all,Akira,"I'd like to use my review to adress some of the negative comments I'm seeing and put them into some context.A big complaint I'm seeing is that the game is too hard.  I find this to be a mild exageration.  While it certainly isn't a casual game.  I think anyone with decent experience with real time strategy games will have no problem beating this on Normal difficulty.  The AI does a lot of stupid things.  Generally they don't react to what you do, and this can be easily exploited.  Start a mission, see what the AI is going to do.. then restart and counter it.  Well that's what you can do if you want to be unsportsmanlike and just crush them.  Actually you can continue after you lose a battle, that's right, you don't have to win to move on.  So to sum up this first point... get gud scrub.Next complaint is that no matter how well you do you don't make the next battle easier, or change the results.  This is a strange complaint.  This isn't total war.  The campaign is mearly a vehicle to give you a sense of progression as you move through the historical battles.  Each battle should be viewed as an independant mission like from an RTS like Starcraft, again not like total war.  You cannot change the results of the war, what happened happened.For me, i recomend the game to any RTS fan or civil war buff.  It's a lot of fun, and gives you a reason to stare at civil war wikipedia pages all day."
76561198011132431,Recommended,502520,33984567,Posted: 2 August,all,Schutzetoaster,"With 15 hours into the game:This game is pretty detailed, though, at first, it may seem kinda clustered and terrible.  Learning the ropes to fighting (which is unlike any game, even Empire: Total War) will get you on the ground.  I suggest looking up some tutorials before you do your first battle.  Amazing gameplay once you get the hang of it though.Pros:Immersive and detailed campaignGood mechanicsresponsive communityenjoyable experienceCons:Hard to understandsometimes units dont respond to orders like you expectAI always, ALWAYS, charges-seemingly for no other reason than because ""F**K it!""Graphics aren't so magicalOverall, Id suggest this game, 100%.  One of the few good games on Steam."
,Recommended,502520,32867389,Posted: 27 June,all,Silver Von Preußen,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Clenching Simulator 1860
76561198130527733,Recommended,502520,34563695,Posted: 28 August,all,Hero667,"This one of few reviews i've written so bare with me.This game is exceptionly great. It is a great follow up to Gettysburg. The devs may be russian but they are very transparent with thier work, and they reach out to the community for feedback on new updates and what should be included in the future. Something that most game developers lack these days (And they update frequently). For the game itself there are few drawbacks but we will get back to that. But first the good things about this game.It greatly protrays the civil war, what happens in the battles in game could've easily happend in real life. And if you know your history you can easily make what happens be some what historical.The ai is not perfect, but this is ai were talking about and for the company and the game I think the ai is beautiful. They dont make to to many odd choices. You can find the ai choosing to leave its cannon behind and retreating it's infantry but once again its ai.The graphics are beautiful, it fits the game perfectly. It's not ""ultra realistic"" But it doesnt need to be, if it was I feel like the game wouldnt be as good as it is now.The mechanics are great, you can do a lot with your soldiers and sometimes if they are too tired or are scared they wont follow orders which is just amazing. The addative to supply makes you have to plan out your battles a lot more indepth as you need to get all your divisions and cannons supply. The ability to create your army is so fun and it makes you feel more attached to your soldiers and leaders, making you question if you should charge that unit with 16 cannons.There's a lot more than I will list here but now for the complaints.The inabiliy to rotate the camera really bums me out but from what the devs say the way they textured the world it sounds like its not textured on the other side.There are a few bugs still that can be a bit odd such as a unit deciding to have a seziure collectively.The tutorial is just a bunch of reading, luckily ive played gettysburg so I knew what I was doing but for a new player an interactive tutorial would be quite handy.The clock can be confusing as non of the speeds actually last one second.All in All 9.8/10Now that was long so I hope you enjoyed it, and I hope you feel like this was informative and well formated. I also hope you buy this game and enjoy it as much as I do."
76561198028743542,Recommended,502520,33787149,Posted: 25 July,all,ROYISHUNGRY (AUS),"A tactical masterpiece, very true to the period; who knew these battles could be so bloody!!!!. Feel this could, be the start of many variations and spin-offs! WW1 or napoleon.  Strategic level could use some expansion.But as a tactical piece; a must have for war gamers. Engrossing and enthralling!!"
76561198116179964,Recommended,502520,30181282,Posted: 25 February,all,tbassett,"WARNING: This is a LONG review.This game is pretty darn good.  For a civil war simulator it is the best I have experienced and it is still in early access. There are a number of features that make this game great, but there are also a number of features in the game that can still use some work. The flaws of this game aren't game breaking, but if you're a stickler for immersive gaming you may find them annoying. The game is easy to learn and hard to master, which is essential to a good strategy game, but many of the ""hard to master"" components of the game are actually weird gameplay flaws that you have to learn to work around.There are a ton of great things about this game. Cavalry is done really well. Unit experience is interesting and flexible. Casualities and recruiting is solid.  The battles, weapons, and leaders are all historically accurate. Battles are tactically challenging and varied.  The UI is easy to understand and the graphics are clear and pleasing. You feel very protective and invested in your army.  I highly recommend the game overall but since I enjoy the game so much I think my time is best spent on the areas that need improvement.Flaws:Unit spinWhen adjusting a unit's position a small amount on the battlefield to, for instance, get better cover, they tend to do a 180 or 360 spin that exposes their flanks and rear. When enemy units are nearby they can rout your unit simply because you tried to adjust a position slightly.  Eventually you learn to not adjust positions near enemies, but it limits gameplay and breaks immersion when you can't instruct a unit to move 10 feet to the right without them doing a square dance.Units don't fireOften times during battles my infantry units won't fire. Upon giving the unit a move order the unit will fire it's volley at the enemy and then move. Indicating that your non-firing unit was indeed within range. It is most frustrating when you notice a unit is not firing, so you give it a move command to get it within range. It then fires a volley at the enemy, moves closer, stops moving and then doesn't fire because it still thinks it is out of range of the enemy. The better weapons in the game have longer ranges and it's incredibly frustrusting to have spent tons of money on expensive weapons with a range advantage and then have them not use the range advantage on the enemy.Skrimisher commandsSkrimishers only fire at enemy units when you give them individual firing commands. Sharpshooter units are skirmishers so they only fire when given specific commands. It creates a level of micromanagement that is too intensive for the scale of the battles involved, essentially making the units useless in large engagements. They just sit there with tons of enemy units in range and don't fire until given a command.Artillery is UnderpoweredThey are essentially in the game to give enemy units a morale debuff.  They don't inflict enough casualties in the game to make a significant difference on the battlefield so it is difficult to justify their supply requirements and unit slot use in comparison to infantry or cavalry units. This is especially significant in small engagements where you are unit limited. This also breaks immersion because historically artillery could be devastating.Cover is far too powerful (needs entrenching mechanic)I win battles in this game by finding 90%+ cover areas and parking my units there. There needs to be more tactical depth to cover use in the game. Cover needs to be slightly less powerful and an entreching mechanic needs to be instituted so that only stationary units can gain the 100% cover benefit and deep forest needs higher movement penalties.Overly scripted battles:When playing as CSA in the battle of Antietam, I drove the first wave of Union troops off the map.  The next wave then magically spawned on top of my troops flanking and immediately entering melee with my sharpshooter units.  I was punished for being too good at the game. I had to then change my gameplay to be purposely worse at the game and not occupy the enemy positions that I had just routed them from. The battle of Fredericksburg (as the Union this time) has a weird split in the middle of the battle that artificially keeps many thousands of your troops from fully engaging the enemy on an open flank. Both issues you can adjust for, but it breaks immersion and punishes you for success instead of rewarding you.Army Scaling:Each battle is scaled to adjust to your army size to have a historically matched force.  This gameplay mechanic is meant to allow each battle to be more historical, tactical, and allow you to a have a fighting chance to win if you're not doing very well and suffered many casualities. Unfortunately, if you win battles and you are doing well this mechanic also punishes you in a very non-immersive way, by allowing a decimated opponent to magically have many thousands more troops for the next battle even though you routed the entire enemy army in the prior engagement.  This breaks immersion, but it also allows you to keep playing the game, since once you start winning the war, if you kept immersion, you would essentially win the civil war early and the game would end early in your victory. I think this is going to be a tough mechanic for the developers to iron out. I personally try avoid this issue by purposely keeping my army small to keep enemy unit size and army size small.The developers have tried to straddle the historical/tactical and strategic gameplay realms and it creates this weird combination of both that just doesn't quite work. To solve the issue, If they went for full strategic gameplay, then you would need a campaign map, resources, map movement, battle location choice and the current historical battles wouldn't be used at all or sparingly. If you went fully historical you would have only historical battles and you wouldn't have a strategic gameplay component that gets you emotionally invested in your units. Historical battles are currently included in the game.The solution to this problem is to have an intelligent branching battle system similar to the one implemented in Ultimate General: Gettysburg (UG:G).  Establishing a system like (UG:G) would be very difficult and time consuming since the scope of (UG:CW) is exponentially larger than (UG:G).  Also, this solution creates a seperate bigger problem. Experienced players will defeat the AI too easily and lead to early victories. To overcome an early victory problem the developers would need to either increase enemy troop counts, which would break immersion, and give you the same problem you were trying to fix, or make a more intelligent AI to increase difficulty. Again, creating a more intelligent AI is very difficult, and if they could pull it off would essentially make Game-Labs one of the best game developers on the planet.To sum up the army scaling issue, right now the best thing that Game-Labs could do is make prior battles have more enemy army size scaling in response to casualities and equipment losses. That would be in the up to 20% size reduction range, currently it's in the 2.5 - 5% range. Also, they could create a retreat mechanic that triggers at a high casuality number like 40%. This would maintain immersion and not allow my army to kill almost the entirety of a 20,000 man army and then supposedly fight the same 20,000 man army the next week at full strength. Then they could back-burner a battle braching system and AI updates for a DLC at a later date."
76561198005831415,Recommended,502520,33742796,Posted: 23 July,all,Hawx,"Great RTS game and maybe one of the best about the American Civil War. Really an improvement over Ultimate General Gettysburg. Using the good fighting system of this game, developing ist further and adding a campaing.One of the most fun parts of this game is buliding up your own army with different briagdes, divisions and corps personalising and progressing with them.Highly recommended."
76561198008356245,Recommended,502520,33607250,Posted: 17 July,all,nigelnire,I don't often write reviews but really wanted to about Ultimate General civil war because I love this game. I have played the Total war games for years and also the excellent SOW Gettysburg and Take command 2nd Manassas but if I could only own one game it would be this one.Graphically its beautiful especially the battlefields. Sure there are better graphic's in total war but unlike it this game has   properly working battlefield Ai and great Ai at that. Once you get the hang of the campaign its a total blast and so addictive.  If you are interested in the Civil war as I am then you don't want to miss Ultimate General civil war and I highly recommend this game to everyone. My review score 9.5/10 Just needs the rebel yell and unit flags.
,Recommended,502520,26633550,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,No.111_Grunt,"All the things that made Ultimate General: Gettysburg so good are present and improved upon, good amount of depth and also very challenging. I had the AI on the run, or so I thought until an entire division that was hiding just out of sight smashed into my flank. I would highly recommend."
76561198057273706,Recommended,502520,26665371,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,FlikFlekFlak,"~Welcome to Umaru's Review~First of all as always, this review is purely based on my personal opinion so, please don't get triggeredUltimate General : Civil War, Is the successor of the Ultimate General : Gettysburg, will it live up to its predescessor or will it flop?I never played Ultimate General : Gettysburg, but i have heard lots of praise for the game, the game is also made from renowned maker of the Darth Mod for Total war series so i'm quite expecting a lot for this game, so lets get into the components shall we...Graphics~9/10The Graphics of the game is not that amazing, but its surely pleasing in the eye, bright colours everywhere and such, and there is no option to set the graphic settings except for your resolution, the minimum spec is quite low as you only need 512 MB of VRam with the minimum graphic card of NVIDIA 8800 and Radeon X1600, which is really nice if you got some low end machine. But the Graphic is not what this game all aboutGameplay~10/10This is where the game really shineThe AI had done absolutely unimaginable manouver which i had never predicted before, the reaction time of the AI is really Quick, as soon as you move your regiment, the AI will start moving theirs, the AI has been providing a great tons of challange in this game, and if you are not careful, you will suffer a lot of losses,The AI is smart, YOU WILL LOSE, Often, especially if you never played this kind of game before, This is surely something i expect from the developer though not to this amount ,  you will feel as if you are fighting a human enemy,The Game also extremely punishing if you make a wrong move, Rear Flanking would kill hundreds of troops in one volley, which is really devastating, Timing is really important, if you want to move your troops back, you need to time it in between shots and reloading. The AI will also react if you want to flank them by Quickly facing into the direction which negates the flanking bonuses, which is kinda frustrating sometimesAnother great feature of this game is the Army Management, you can start a new campaign and build your general from ground up, this means managing the corps, division and army, the Army Management also lets you equip your soldier with your choice of weapons, featuring realistic historical weapon, you also need to replenish your losses from the battles before. in between battles you also will recieve money and recruits, also experience and reputation which you could lost if you lose a battle,you could replenish your troops with veterans which means you only lose your army efficiency but if it cost too much, you can use fresh recruits to replenish them, in exchange for the army experience, which means, you will lose your buffs,This game really makes you care about your army, will you lose the battle for the sake of saving your elites, or you will win by overwhelming your enemies and replenish your troops later, its your decision.Don't just spam your reputation to spend on things if you don't want to lose the game. if your reputation reach 0 that means that you have lost the game and the game ends there.You can also pick your faction which is The Union and The Confederate at the start of the game which gives your their perspective of the Civil War.So Far I'm really enjoying the game, its really fun and challenging.Sound~8/10The Sound is great, the sound of canons and volleys being fired is really nice in the ear but there is this annoying speech when you start the campaign, and i really don't like it, sometimes when you charge your Cavalry into the Fray you will hear the Trumpets Sound which is really satisfying, i wish the developer adds some screams and moaning sounds from the soldier in the field, so far the only thing i heard is RETREAT, RETREAT, RETREAT.Final Score9/10FinallyFor a price tag of $29,99 , this game is definitely worth grabbing, this game is easily a $40 title when its finally ready to be released not to mention the amount of new stuff the developer will add on the coming days, I really enjoyed the game so far, and if you like strategy games or the Total War series, this should be on your wishlist or grab it right away and MAKE 1861 - 1865 AMERICA GREAT AGAIN*Calvary Charge Bungle Call*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VY58inWev0E*Even Better Version*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrvGcCK0o_o~Umaru Out~Catch Ya All Later"
76561198025990800,Recommended,502520,26729716,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,von Moltke,"Jesus Christ! I was in love with the first Game, although it might have been a deeper experience.When I saw this game in my Queue, I was immediately hyped.Now, after 3 hours of playing it, I must say this was completely justified. This game tends to be one of the best RTS I have ever played, eventhough it is still in Early Access.Army management, historical weapons, commanders, battles, everything I wanted for the first installment came true.The only little thing is the controls, but I am sure that this will be worked on by the team!Awesome game, 9/10!"
76561198037172570,Recommended,502520,33951239,Posted: 1 August,all,Capt. Gordon,"If you're interested in strategy games and the american civil war, buy it. Don't wait for a sale. It's totally worth its price."
76561197971219571,Recommended,502520,33995124,Posted: 3 August,all,Sceptical Hippo,"Great game, well worth the money. You need to play a year or two of a campaign to get an idea of how the game plays, until you do get that fundamental grasp of the game it is a bit overwhelming.The level of detail in how you organise and equip your army is a fantastic feature for the obsessive compulsive minded. I have not seen anything like this in any other tactical wargame.Note that this game is all about flanking. Secure your flanks to ensure you don't lose; ensure you are able to roll up the enemy's flank to achieve victory. The casualty rate for flanked units seems artifically high. For artillery one could justify high casualties if round ball bounced along an entire line of infantry, but rifle shot would not affect more soldiers just because you have a side angle. One other annoying feature is that you often don't have much freedom to choose the initial placement of your army, or the time and rate of reinforcements in large battles. Tht is a minor gripe though - overall I am very happy with this game."
76561198016433861,Recommended,502520,26744461,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,darrenj93,"I could never get into the last Ultimate General Game. I mean I loved it, but I was really bad it and probably couldn't get the mechanics right. This game though feels much more responsive and intuitive than the last.Completed the Union campaign on normal difficulty, and trying the confederate one on hard and boy is it a challenge.For all you strategy nerds out there, pick this game up. You won't regret it. It's in early access and it's only going to get better."
76561198007960391,Recommended,502520,33855591,Posted: 28 July,all,Didz,"I'm currently 25 hours into this game, and I'm giving it a qualified 'Thumbs Up' mainly because I am currently enjoying it and to do otherwise would seem unfair.  If there was a middle option I would probably have gone for that instead.The issue for me is the sort of 'Rights of Passage' arrangement chosen for the first two missions in each campaign.  Most strategy gamers would expect the early missions in any campaign to be reasonably easy, and merely intended to ease the player into the use of the game system with a minimal  challenge.Not so, with this game.  So, far I can honestly say that the first two battles in both the USA and CSA campaigns have been the most difficult and frustrating of any that I have fought since.  Apart from the nature of the missions themsevles, which are very challenging for a new player, the game employs a scaling mechanism which if the player is not aware of it can make the second battle in each campaign even harder than it needs to be by artificially boosting the AI's troop numbers.  This despite the claims that that the scaling has been removed.  It hasn't, it has merely been scaled down, and after mission 2 it ceases to have much of an impact, but for new players whose natural instinct is to maximise the size of their army after the first battle it is a major headache adding anything up to 2.000 extra troops to the AI army.I suspect that like me many new players will struggle to complete the first two battles in each campaign and many probably give up and stop playing the game.  I am lucky in that I kept banging away at these early missions, partly because I was trying to work out how the scaling worked, and having finally got past them I have found the game much more enjoyable.Not sure what the developers were going for with the decision to make these early battles so hard to complete, but if it was to put players off playing the game I'm sure it has been a stunning success.  If you are thinking of buying this game, or struggling to get past the second battle, you have my sympathy, but keep plugging away.  The game gets much better afterwards."
,Recommended,502520,33594731,Posted: 16 July,all,JOHN MOTHERFUCKING MCCAIN,"Seven thumbs up.1st corps is armed with rifles years ahead of the timeperiod2nd corps is armed with leftovers from the start of the war and union ""never fired, dropped once""3rd corps is armed with rebored farmers muskets, useful for ""operation: Black Shield"" with high loss rates.The south continues to win.Game doesn't punish you by making it impossible to recover from a loss (like in other strat games).  Your reputation will suffer but you can recover.  It's fun to battle even if it seems like it would be repetitive, captivating battles, pitched moments, etc."
,Recommended,502520,33481720,Posted: 12 July,all,Fekete_Krisztian,"I LOVE this game.First the biggest pro: Historical tactic battlefield game! 10/10Pro:- Civil war theme- Army management, but not a grand strategy game, you can feel yourself like a real general- Harcore tactic game, you can't buy/build during the battle, so you need to be prepared before the battle- Good carreer management, you can try different ways to win- Lot of historical battle, weapon, units and generals- Some combats are small, some battles are big, so it feels you are a command follower, like a real general- Confoderation lack the manpower and supply, like in real history (hope it never change, historically accurate games are rare)Contra:- Still some bugs- Cavalry need a little rebalancing, to much micro commands yet- Artillery bombardment is not useful, just close canister shots, so need some long range buff I think soNot a contra, but my opinion: this game is a little bit expensive for 28 euro (2017.07.12), but It absolutly worth the price when you like such games.I am waiting the Ultimate General series next games!It would be great themes: Napoleon era, Seven years war, American revolutional war, and so on!"
76561198005935921,Recommended,502520,33333682,Posted: 6 July,all,on a mountain,"I came here out of desperation, as the Total War franchise seems to have gone fantasy, and I had no interest in that.This is a good game, and if they tweak it a little bit, it might become a great game.What I like is the epic feeling of battles, involving thousands of troops in beautifully set landscapes that pan out very close to the actual locations of the battles. Once you get past the scripted goal of the battles, you can draw out battles for quite some time, and fight the enemy to the last man in a good recreation of the churning machinery of death that was the civil war. Really great is the implementation of a supply wagon system, which your men and the enemy depend upon to have amunition to go on fighting.On the negative side are some of the battle control mechanisms. For instance, if I want to move an entire line of men forward in formation, sometimes I accidentally drag the mouse slightly wrong and all my companies will start rearranging how they are lines up, and thousands will be killed in the process. There is still a lot that has to be improved here. In the meantime I will move my companies one by one.Also I have a dislike for the strong scripting of the larger battles and the fact that I am always fighting not only the enemy, but also the clock. This can be very frustrating as, just when I am about to break the enemy lines, the game will tell me that now is the time to jump to the next phase of the battle, or that the enemy has decided to withdraw to a position far away from where I am now. This really is a bit frustrating.As a player of many years, I have learned to shut up, move past the bugs and enjoy the things that actually work while waiting for the inevitable patches.Is it worth the price? The jury is still out on that one. If you are a casual strategist with a short attention span and little patience, I'd say way til the price comes down. But most strategy addicts will probably enjoy this.8/10"
,Recommended,502520,26634108,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Agathos,"TL:DR, if you like UG:G and wanted more battles and a campaign feel that ties them together, buy it now!  It's more than playable and true to UG:G.  If you want a Total War campaign, it isn't there.  But, I personally love the UG approach to tactical command of troups--even over TW.  So, you may want to give it a try--regardless.Very much UG: Gettysburg, but w/ the markings of a Total War campaign.  It is early access, but the combat and mechanics are very polished.  I can't imagine any UG:G fan not being more than impressed.  I like the way you can script your personal startup characteristics.  It gives a story flavor but tells you the bonuses you'll get depending on choices.  I also appreciate the simplified Easy/Normal/Hard gameplay for the AI--but am unsure if I preferred the old grid.  We'll have to see about that one.For EA, it's fabulous.  Compared to UG:G, it seems to be the final polished edition w/ new battlefields, the same phased battle mechanic that fades out and back into the next stage, and a running campaign that ties them together, develops your character along the way, and approaches the TW campaign--but, isn't truly there yet.Now that I'm a bit more into the campaign aspect of it now. I'll summarize it this way. You have choices (go to Bull Run, or follow up on a distress call, and such when choosing the next battle). You also get to buy customizations for your units--upgrade rifles or cannon, hire new officers, recruit units w/ choices related to inf, cav, art. I don't see a research tree yet. But, the way you spend your 'exp pts' from battle to battle allows you to increase your skills that have a direct impact on troop recruiting, recovery, supply during the battle, and the like. Again, it's not TW. But it is an impressive setup.I'm looking forward to trying it out over the next week or two. I guess I'd summarize it as something like and XCOM base w/ 2K Basketball 'your life' mode. That's an inadequate comparison, but the best I can come up w/ and not lose time playing.Bottom line: If you like UG:G, you'll love this! Just don't expect a full control campaign in the TW style.  Worth the price and investment--even EA!"
76561198030556163,Recommended,502520,28213241,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,james.paulsen,Superb sequel to the first game.  Vast improvements in all areas.
76561197990526214,Recommended,502520,26674028,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SpectreSloth,Excellent game. Really reminds me of the old Sid Meier Civil War games but now more modern and polished. Its nice that this covers the whole war not just one battle and that you can customize your army. A very fun experience.
76561198007263892,Recommended,502520,29190252,Posted: 11 January,all,thewelshwizard *T*R*Y*,"What can I say about this game apart from I love it. It's early access which means bugs and issues. But for a developer to introduce such a polished project and then with the communities help create something with such masssive potential. It's testament to their hard work and vision. If you just look at the game, it is a thing of beauty. The maps are amazing. Add some more detail and grapical enhancements such as fog, rain, flame/fire and of course blood and I for one would be a happy man. Army management is key in this game and something I've probably not mastered as yet. You build an army and you go to war. On the campaign trail you get it wrong and it can be good night Vienna. Start again. You have to look after your men and equipement if you want to progress. Sometimes easier said than done. Big battles, little battles. Campaign  and historical. Custom battles on the way. The scale of the maps can sometimes be a bit daunting. They're big. If and when this game gets multiplayer. Which it's crying out for. I would expect some epic confrontations. Bring it on :)This game will not be getting multiplayer. Cost, maybe, but for whatever reason in my opinion it's a mistake. I seem to be in a minority which doesn't make me wrong, it just means being drowned out. My original review stands apart from the above and I feel I should comment on the barracks aspect of the game. My initial thoughts were that it added greatly to the immersive effect of the game. After a hundred hours I find it tedious and distracting. Recruiting men, reasigning officers and choosing weapons and artillery after every battle bcame a chore not a joy. Let me choose equiped units from a list based on a points system. Gather points with every victory. There is more I could say such as the lack of AI choice which we had in Gettysburg. Which made for a more interesting AI dynamic. Artillery seems to be sorted. Melee not so. Just some extra thoughts. Make of them what you will."
76561197982512674,Recommended,502520,28005944,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AKD,"Undecided initial impression, but this is a beautiful game with a very clever system for issuing orders and a nice ""RPG"" element to building your army in a campaign.  There are issues with AI, balancing and some unrealistic mechanisms (artillery in particular is without important real world limitations), but this game has significant potential and there is nothing here that should turn you off of participating in development as long as you understand it is Early Access and part of that is testing, providing constructive feedback, and having some patience in the process.Great wargames don't have to be 2D and hex-based!"
76561198006682725,Recommended,502520,33822611,Posted: 26 July,all,Atticus Locke,"A near-perfect game. I'd love to see the same basic gameplay system in other historical (or heck, fictional, let's have fun) contexts. Absolutely loved the play of battles and the carryover that lets you build and maintain your force over the course of a campaign. While replayability is limited, it was already well worth my money and time having only finished one campaign."
76561198000199642,Recommended,502520,26632570,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,MarshalOudinot,"This game in early access already has a lot going for it.  The controls are reasonably straight forward, the graphics are good.  A couple of bugs which I reported but it is early access after all.  The Campaign management has some depth and also allows for re-equipment of weapons etc. This is a lot of fun.  Some variation on the confederate uniforms would be nice, but hell it is a great game so far.  I hope there will be a multi-player campaign"
,Not Recommended,502520,28746664,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Alighten,"Before I begin, I must profess that I'm an avid strategy game player, but I lean much more towards grand strategy types of games such as Hearts of Iron and Europa Universalis, and I do not have much experience with isometric micromanaging Total War-esque battle simulators. However, I very much enjoyed games like Supreme Commander and RUSE, so I thought I would give this one a solid try since it's one of my favorite periods of history both American and in the entire world.I find that the game does offer some sort of realistic element that other games lack, however I feel the level of realism is at such a height sometimes that the game ceases to ofter both a challenge and be fun at the same time, even on easy mode. Perhaps, though, it's not so realistic, as I would often find myself outnumbering the enemy three to one in a charge and still find my men breaking and quaking in their boots at the sight of a measily 200 man division. The flanking system seems far too unbalanced in favor of the AI, although that point may be just me observing the negatives over the positives.I think the campaign needs some work in terms of enemy scaling. I often found myself totally outnumbered and pitched in an unwinnable battle because the scaling mechanics figured my army organization was simply too high and that it needed to compensate, when in reality my army was measly because on average I would lose 30% of my army every battle because of how difficult every battle is, with the difficulty being artificial at that, which brings me to my next point.For the love of all that is holy, remove the mission timers! Or at the very least, increase the time per mission exponentially! There is nothing more unrealistic and frustrating than having to force my troops up through the enemy lines, taking on massive losses, just to capture some stupid god damn church because the game tells me I have to do it in 15 minutes or I lose, or even worse, the time where I did capture the point but I had to hold it for 30 minutes, but I only had 17 left on the clock, and I still lost despite a clear victory in sight! You have no idea how frustrated I was.Often the AI will make ridiculous manuevers and try to capture a point I'm defending and be utterly obliterated by artillery cannister fire and defending infantry, The joy of the game should be through the tactics and strategy that goes into carefully planning and executing every battle, but when it takes nearly and hour off of the four hours in total you have to complete your objective, it subverts the whole point of a well planned attack or defense and forces you to push through despite everything in the hope of victory.There should be more balancing between the four main unit types. I find the calvary in this game to be far too underpowered and weak compared to the infantry, which to me seem to be walking blocks of tank that can shrug off almost anything. Skirmishers seem to do little of anything of note, depsite what the community made guides say, and the same goes for artillery, which I don't think they do much of anything to help. I would honestly love someone to point out some sort of tactic or button I'm missing to make any units besides the infantry to function better and actually be useful to my army.I know this is early access still, so I'll let most of my frustration subside because of this fact and I'll hold out hope that the dev(s?) fix, patch, and expand to create on hell of a masterpeice. Until then, I'm giving this game a thumbs-down and to encourage those taking the time to read this review to save your money until the official release."
,Recommended,502520,34030887,Posted: 4 August,all,=GRG=Xbwalker,"This is a very solid game. In fact, I'd venture to say, it's best or second best (Civil War Generals 2) on my list of American Civil War games.Combat is very solid and there seem to be few glitches or issues.Your decisions in each battle have reprocussions on the rest of your campaign and, I'm not just talking about loss of manpower.I have a few complaints that aren't really complaints so much as suggestions.1. It seems not all cavalry can dismount. I realize some weapons aren't too useful off of a horse but, in a pinch, it would still be good to dismount my men.2. They need to add a firing withdrawl and not the crazy scramble that is the fallback or rout command.3. More weapon variety (small arms). That's more because I'm greedy. The current variety assuredly is good.Aside from that, this is a major YES from me. If you love this era of history and have been unsatisfied since Sid Meier's Gettysburg, this is the game you have been waiting for."
,Recommended,502520,35090238,Posted: 20 September,all,STROYER,"Difficult at the beginning, but enjoyable when you know the mechanicsCategoriesCalificationExplanationValue$29.99It's expensive compared to other similar titles, and in sale (33%) it's around $20.Gameplay8Difficult at the beginning, because there isn't a tutorial (Only a very poor guide), but after you play 4-5 battles you will start to enjoy.Graphics6The ambience and the graphics aren't exceptional but they go well with the topic. It does use a lot of GPU and in bigger battles like Antietham you might have low frame rates.Overall7If you like History and Strategy, buy it. At the moment there isn't multiplayer, but you never know."
76561197975087188,Recommended,502520,34190162,Posted: 12 August,all,MajorDubs,"This is a great game, its built on the success of UG: Gettysburg to make one of the best games based on the American Civil War.The game itself is divided between the campaign camp where you create/reinforce the units of Infantry/Cavalry/Artillery of your army and the battle map which cover the main engagements of the civil war as well as many minor engagements in-between them.The campaign camp is quite simplistic, each part of your army is separated into Corps with several Divisions in each. These Divisions are then made up of infantry brigades (the bulk of any army) skirmishers (fast moving infantry but in small numbers) Cavalry (vulnerable when mounted but either great dismountable skirmishers or melee experts) and artillery of various sizes to give you long ranged firepower or devastating shorter-range canister shots.These units are persistent between battles and all can all be reinforced with green recruits or veterans (who cost more) from a manpower pool that increases depending on battle success.  Weapons are either purchased or captured in battle, reflecting the superiority of the Union industry the confederates also have issues with getting access to as many weapons but seem to have better officers.Battles are selected from the campaign map; the smaller battles are usually only for a maximum of 1 or 2 corps but grant lower rewards than the main ones. They also have some kind of effect on the main battle, so victory in them will deplete the enemy army or lower their morale for example.Controlling an army is simple, you can select units and drag an arrow to select their route or right click on a location so they move directly towards it. Finesse can be applied to rotate units by holding right mouse button, allowing flanking shots which devastate morale. There is a lot more to this game than just the basic parts I have explained here but Steam reviews can get a bit long so will leave it there!This game has been an excellent example of early access, the developer released a series of main battles which they then expanded out on a regular basis until its full launch in recent months. There were no real delays and consistent updates and information given to the community. The lack of multiplayer is a shame but since uptake of this feature in Gettysburg was very low it would have delayed the game significantly so I think the developers made the correct decision."
76561197999571966,Recommended,502520,26667919,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,(Twitch)Theonetruemouse,"For a visual review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkLjiBkuobMI have decided to update this review to include that I've completed the first 'year' of the war and have alot more to discuss here.The difficulty settings included in this game seem more or less a risk/reward slider instead of a traditional difficulty setting. The AI seems to more or less react in similiar patterns, meaning if it's hard for you to plot out movements against the standard AI, lowering the difficulty doesn't seem to affect it's patterns. It'll still be 'hard' for you, just you will have smaller armies against you (by around 20% if I remember right).There is a minor amount of rock paper scissors style combat, as skirmishers can harrass infantry, infantry can mow down calvary if they are ready to fire, cavalry will wreck cannons, and cannons can wreck just about everything.So lets do the pros/cons:Pros:- Customize your army, down to the rifles/cannons each unit uses.- Decide the make and fielded strength of your army.- Wins give you career points that allow you to somewhat specialize your playstyle.- You can deploy troops into 'buildings', such as towns or forts.- Cover system makes sense, and accounts for different types of cover.- Has detailed stats, and explains fairly well what these stats do.- Troops reload and fire efficiently, no more wasted time like in their first game.Cons:- Not all battles have been implemented (early access of course)- Seems like all of the difficulties are the same essentially, just different reward/unit sizes... hopefully that gets fixed.- Some units seem a bit out of place, such as the first southern battle using ironclads against you... they weren't pressed into service until later in the war. Just saying.- The reputation system can be quite abusive if you should have a defeat early in the game. Losing the 1st Bull Run dropped the moral of all of my army to 1... out of 100. For the next few battles. Win or lose. With that heavy of a penalty... it made progressing any further ugly as hell.I love this game as it is... but there are some areas that could use some work. The control scheme is a bit strange at first... watch the video for more discussion on that as well as some visuals of how it works.Thanks for your time."
76561198057601916,Recommended,502520,29619231,Posted: 31 January,all,Gasmask,One of the best Civil war Games of the 21st centry. If i had to pick shogun to or this i would pick this.
76561198123068319,Recommended,502520,28224449,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Royal_Elite_Trumpian_Guard,"after playing the first ultimate general i can say this is a amazing stepup, The fact that you can name your brigade is my most favorite thing, yet its so simple. In the battle of newport news, my 33rd Virginia Infantry was falling back and all was lost. It seemed my whole left flank would fold. But then i sent in my Veteran Guards under Kemper. With their skills for morale and firepower maxed out they decimated the enemy right flank and held back 3 brigades. Great game!"
76561198007807807,Recommended,502520,33549787,Posted: 14 July,all,The Mountain,"This a great game, but fairly hard until you get it down (about 3 battles for me). Best AI I have ever palyed against and I am an old gamer (on a computer since the Tandy 1000 days, lol). This takes Total war and makes it much better because of the excellent AI which plays as close to a person as possible. There are no cheats for the AI so it just more realistic. I don't understand the complainers BUT..to each his own. Buy it and support this great team so they will bring us more!! I love the idea of one fur the Napoleonic Wars!!"
,Recommended,502520,34038466,Posted: 5 August,all,Jorvik,"Great game, enjoying it more than Gettysburg which seemed so limited.  Really like the ownership of the army with choices of weapons, artillary, and veteren status.  Allows subtle changes.  Plays well with the feel of trying to manuever an army of the 1800's.  Wish I could zoom in more as I am spoiled by Total War games.  This game kinda brings me back to the old Close Combat games.  Rating: No need wait for Steam Sale, full price is worth it."
76561198024048308,Recommended,502520,33372598,Posted: 8 July,all,Grayknight,"Quite the step up from UG:G. This is a well crafted strategy game, with an excellent battle engine. Graphics are not top notch, but a game like this is not played for that. The AI is good, and can be challenging even on the easiest difficulty. Certain battles can play out very differently from history on one playthrough, and can be forced down a historical path by the next. The AI adapts to what you have on the field, which is excellent, and provides for a lot of replayability. I've only played a bit of a Union campaign so far, looking forward to playing the other side next. I can recommend at full price, and encourage a pick up for those on the fence at a sale."
76561198126025196,Recommended,502520,28816666,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Apoc,"Having played Ultimate General Gettysburg, I expected much from this game, and was not disappointed. It offers many improvements and new features, and retains Gettysburg's simple-to-learn format while also accomodating complex strategies.Pros.-Large amount of customization.You can form your own army, complete with corp, division, and brigade level organization. You can choose the composition of your army, making it mostly infantry, heavily emphasizing cavalry, etc.You can dictate the officers, traits, weapons, men, and supplies that each unit will receive.You can grow your army as you succeed in battle, or carefully reorganize it to compensate for a lack of resources after a tough defeat.-Balanced unitsEach type of unit serves their own distinct purposes, with infantry holding your front line, skirmishers covering your flanks as you march, cavalry raiding the enemy for supplies, and artillery providing fire support from afar.-Competent AIThe AI is no replacement for a human player, but is still enjoyable to play against. It will alter its defensive positions to react to your movements, charge undefended artillery and supplies, and outflank you if you leave gaps in your defense.-Variety of battlesEach of the dozens of individual battles require new strategies to win, new objectives to take, and new enemies to face, making it consistently entertaining and engaging to play.-Battle ProgressionIn a carry-over of one of the best features of UG: Gettysburg, UG: Civil War incorporates battle progression. Destroy the Union Army at the Hornet's Nest in Shiloh? You can expect to face little opposition as you march your forces towards Pittsburgh Landing later on in the battle.Cons-Lack of multiplayerAs of this review, UG: Civil War does not incorporate multiplayer, although we can expect it soon, considering the existence of a rather enjoyable multiplayer option in UG: Gettysburg-Static objectivesIn a move that somewhat limits player freedom, victory on the battlefield is dependent upon the player securing certain objectives throughout the course of the battle. This means that if the game says you need to take a certain hill to win the battle, you need to take that hill or risk losing, regardless of other factors, such as the amount of casualties you deal towards your enemy.This is an unecessary feature, considering the existence of a better system in UG: Gettysburg (Holding key positions rewards ""victory points"" which ultimately factor into the outcome of a battle alongside casualties lost and dealt, but are unnecessary in order to win the battle itself). The replacement of these predetermined objectives would greatly enhance player freedom.Overall, most of the cons are easily fixable, considering that we have a working precedent with UG: Gettysburg."
76561198034796217,Recommended,502520,26639256,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Old Man,"So far I'm impressed. I only have 6 hours so far but it's been a good 6 hours.  This game is going to cover all the war ( Full campaign) not just one battle which is a big plus.   As I'm still learning where and how everthing works its tuff to offer up a review yet but I wanted to say it's off to a very good start. If you have and play ""Ultimate General: Gettysburg"" alot than  this game is a must have for you. Much has been added and few things not yet in there which others have covered so!!!I'm glad I got it and like I said best 6 hours on a early access game ever!"
,Recommended,502520,26741425,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,=7Cav=SPC.Hollenshead.J,"Having put hundreds of hours into Ultimate General: Gettysburg, I was excited beyond imagination when I saw this game on the store page. The ability to equip your soldiers, assign officers as well as the SUPER MASSIVE maps has me hooked. I haven't really been able to put this game down for too long. Think Rome Total War series without the massive zoom or the ability to move your army on a map but with bigger maps.Pros: Intense planning and strategy required, very very playable even though it's a beta, terrain matters and affects movement and firepower,great music, and really well thought out RPG elements. I also liked the mixed terrain of each level which helped keep what almost felt like repitition at bay. Each mission and map requires different strategy and objectives which is really great. Having played the same map on UG:G, this was certianly refreshing. Also tons and tons of content to play right now even though early access.Cons: Even though they put in a zoom in the patch, I'd still like to get up closer. I do not feel like the artillery does enough damage. There are many different types of artillery and each has it's pros and cons. I do not feel that enough emphasis has been placed on terrain related damage regarding artillery fire. An enemy brigade in a heavy wooded area receives great cover from both musket and cannon. However, that same enemy unit moved out in the open, I feel, does not recieve proportianate damage from cannon fire."
76561198082446831,Recommended,502520,33933758,Posted: 31 July,all,ctm_0725,The best Civil War Game EVER.  Really enjoyed playing this game and I would highly recommend it to anyone that enjoys Strategy games.
76561197983891479,Recommended,502520,33594307,Posted: 16 July,all,The Gargoyle,I really like this game. If you like Empire Total War - this game plays even better - I really like the ebb and flow of units as they are pushed back and reform and push again. The campaign is great – just enough elements to do without bogging down in minutia so you can get back to the battlefield where it shines. Highly recommended if you like this genre or historical games!
76561198007358298,Recommended,502520,33911704,Posted: 30 July,all,Bohater;),Only had the game a few days and it appears to be very good in its concept.Would like to see a War of Independance version Any chance of a manual;  prefrably one that i can print off and peruse through the game mechanics away from the computer ?Cheers and keep up the good work.
,Recommended,502520,29996994,Posted: 17 February,all,Anders,"Considering that the game is on Alpha it is awesome. Historical battles are really well created and AI is pretty ""intelligent"". Co-op and Multiplayer would make this game great. Definitely recommended."
76561198066268034,Recommended,502520,26633515,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Calvinic,"Though I haven't gotten to play all of the content yet. The content that I was able to be see seems to lead to another excellent game made by Gamelabs. My only concerns is that sound design for the combat could use cleaning up. Mostly because the low quality fuzzy sounding sound effects combined with the crystal clear sounds kinda ruins the immersion a bit.In terms of the cover mechanic, I hope the points of interests on the terrian all get a 3d image on the depth mode for the map. Stuff like fence posts, wheat feilds, etc and more will be highlighted than just towns.That, and I hope that they'll add the AI personalities again from the Gettysburg game for single battles.Apart from that, this EA version of the game feels pretty polished. It appears there's a lot of more tatical elements going on than just dragging units around in key points on a map. Not only does cover reduce damage on units. But, it also effects morale, speed, etc. Also, it feels like winning or losing a battle has consquental weight to it than just deciding what area or battle plans you'll be using on the next stage.Update: 11/22/2016Now that I've gotten some more time with the game. Particularly with the Union Campaign mode on hard. I was able to see a more indepth view of the game's current content. Overall, my stance hasn't changed much. The game still shows a lot potential to be amazing. But, it still needs a lot fine tuning to get there. Gamelabs toning down the enemy numbers a bit has improved the experience drastically.I love the idea of building your own army from the ground up and upgrading it with combat experience and equipment. One of the things that makes it interesting is that it appears you need to think carefully on what to spend your resources on. You need to maintain a balence between growing manpower and making sure your units arn't using out of date weaponry."
76561198100999137,Recommended,502520,32277099,Posted: 8 June,all,Bobby Fields,"After the most recent update I would definitely recommend it. It has become much more balanced, and with the addition of reinforcements and intelligence reports the campaign feels more dynamic. The reinforcements make it feel like you are effecting the war and the intelligence reports give it much more personallity. I got through the current missions previously thanks to a lot of saving and reloading, but this balances that out more.However there are still a few things that would improve the game overall:1. Enemies and Allies will retreat through oppossing lines which makes no sense2. Officers who are not Corps commanders have no noticeable impact, it would be interesting if Division/Brigade commanders could have traits or a greater battlefield presence.3. In larger battles it is extremely difficult to tell the condition of your troops if you are not dirrectly controlling them.4. Divisions in general lack the interesting individualized aspects that corps and brigades haveDespite these I would say it is probably one of the best Civil War games on steam right now. The customization aspects of your army and the array of battles that you can fight are far better then other available options."
76561198185713631,Recommended,502520,35172680,Posted: 23 September,all,Kristoph42,This game is extremely fun. I highly recommend this game if you like strategy/tactical games. The AI is extremely smart and plays differently each time. It was so worth the money to buy this game. I have 850+hours playing this game. It is like Panzer General (the old dos game) only better because the AI is smart and will kick your but if you don't pay attention.
76561198006563001,Not Recommended,502520,26906435,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Harconn,"This game seems great and in the first 2 hours it really is. But after that - even after the recent patch - things in campaign are going totally wrong.I am a strategy games player for 15 yrs now. And although I'm not a power player I call myself experienced. Spent hours in EU, TW, CIV, EL,.... And of course in this game you also need some time to feel convenient.I tried campaign several times now, with different approaches. And I kill always min 20% more enemies than have own casualties. Nonetheless this game is hard, really hard. You can also say it's unfair. You do not enjoy this experience. You will  enjoy the first hours, but then, after spending hours in campaign, you realize, that you are totally outnumbered by enemy forces even more in every mission. And that your campaign is lost. TOTALLY! I even tried on easy mode, spending money on veterans and superior weapons. But you just feel duped nonetheless.I really would love to give this game a good review. And of course there are more experienced players who will say ""Ah come on, noob, learn playing strategy games"". Seriously? After all I succeeded in most strategy games so far. And in the end most of them feel fair. But this game does not feel fair at all. Maybe it's intended, but then it's worse than I thought. And I could not care less for some braggy loudmouths who probably arent as far in campaign than I am.This game does not make fun at long term. It's more or less frustrating because of it's crazy difficulty (just some missions in campaign to be fair), even at easy mode. But it also has bugs and strange AI behavior sometimes. Also artillery only seems really good at low range. Cavalry is imo a waste. It's too much micro. Cavalry can be good, but most of the time it's useless. And there is no satisfying tutorial, you just get a minimum advise, but not nearly enough.Because my experience is overall frustrating, I can't give a positive review. I am sorry."
76561197978562969,Recommended,502520,30407370,Posted: 9 March,all,Mulliriot,"Played for about 7 houts, liked it thus far. Game makes you really think like a military man, not a gamer, i.e. does this action make military sense? Marching through swamps, forests and hills, fighting enemy skirmishers all the way through, and fighting the enemy main force on the other side is going to take a physical toll on men carrying heavy equipment and arms. They will be able to do their job, but they are not ironmen. ""What can a soldier do who charges when out of breath?.""A lot of let's players I've watched tend to ignore condition, and seldom, if ever, give their regiments breathers. Mistake! Portrayed are regular men from around Virginia, Georgia and Carolina - not special forces, the tactics involve masses of infantry exchanging salvos, hoping the enemy will break first. Using Carolinean tactics, volley followed by a charge, can be effective. This will drain condition, however, and is always a risky prospect.You can flank the enemy, use stratagems and so on, but being good with meat grinder tactics, making sound moves with slow moving columns of infantry, so that you'll have fresh troops in a place that matters - these, I've found, work best. Scouting, skirmishing and flanking are all important as well. If you're familiar with any of the darthmods for Total War games, you'll know what I mean. You will take losses, you will make bad moves, which will cost you. It takes serious skill and some luck to win a clean victory, á la Robert E. Lee. Play on normal or hard for the best experience, when a bloody draw can be solid gold on strategic terms.Important, also, is army organisation and managing equipment and supply. Have a full brigade of 2000 men lead by a captain and his staff? No good, hire a proper brigadier for that, or get one from Richmond or Washington via political influence. Line regiments still armed with smoothbores from the 1840s? Go shopping, or use salvaged gear from the battle before. Had it bad at Shiloh? Manage raw recruits and veterans in order to balance experience loss via newbies, with the monetary cost of getting veterans. Regiment size, alone, decides nothing: organization and equipment, and in battle, support and positioning, do. Naming corps and regiments is also useful, as it is easier to keep track of your men if the unit has a unique moniker. Management in Ultimate General never feels like pointless micro management IMO, and being good at it can outright win battles.There's a fair bit of negatives to the game, most of them not that apparent after only 7 hours, and others have pointed these out, scaling, decisive victories having little effect for the next battle etc. What I personally would like to see, is a button which orders your troops to take the quickest route to target, especially artillery and supply wagons. These tend to get stuck into bogs and woods, and move extremely slowly, if ordered to move with the rest of the army, and ordering them, one by one, to follow a road is a bit of a chore. With strict time limits for battles, speed is essential, so there's that. Also, I find the range indicator cones, for artillery especially, to be of poor visibility, unless of course, I'm missing something.Also, I'm a bit confused about artillery - a solid battery of, say, 16 Napoleon 12pdr guns, seems to be seriously ineffective. Is it the positioning? Range? Enemy in cover? Am I supposed to be firing round shots from the flanks in order for them to go through as many infantrymen as possible? Despite the angle, I seem to be picking off far too few infantry per shot. Artillery could use a buff, or even better, mechanics for positioning and firing angles to make the game even more true to history.Game could also use a better tutorial, from what I've gathered there's only advisor boxes? If I knew nothing of Civil War battles and had no experience with Total War, I'd be confused.But other than that, I've had fun. It's a tough, pretty realistic game that rewards careful planning, scouting and movement. Worth 28€, I think, especially for fans of military history."
76561198029341938,Recommended,502520,26669612,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,xX_YungMao_Xx,"They took the core of what made Ultimate General: Gettysburg great, and made it even better with a campaign mode that carries over unit experience and allows you to re-equip your men with new weapons and expand the size of your army. And it's only in early access.This game is the Civil War game I've been waiting for...there's still some minor polish to be done in terms of AI and bugginess, but considering the game came out literally two days ago, that's a very, very minor complaint on my behalf.Solid 9.5/10. Get this game."
,Recommended,502520,33788213,Posted: 25 July,all,Panter485®,"Played the game now for almost 5 hours and I can honestly say if you like games like the total war series, this is definately something for you. I love the civil war or the games about them. And the strategies you can pull is immense. So far as the confederates i've won all my battles 9 or 10 I believe and 1 draw just by playing smart even when out numbered using cav to take out artillery and to strike from behind when my men engage in melee to break moral. If you have previous experience with games that have a moral and flanking system you'll be just fine.But the game is definately worth the money as of now!"
76561198059878938,Not Recommended,502520,31964790,Posted: 25 May,all,BANEtheRISEN,"Having grown up playing Sid Meier's Gettysburg! and Antietam! I like the way this game feels, looks, and sounds.  It brings a certain amount of nostalgia back to me from my early teen years.  This game has the potential to be a classic on par with the aforementioned games.  At the moment that's all it is, potential.With that being said I want to echo what some other reveiwers have said here, the difficulty settings just do not make sense yet.  I've started 3 different campaigns each learning and applying what the previous play through has taught me.  However, you get to a certain point where you've stretched your resources as far as you can and you go into the next battle expected to take on 70-80,000 Soldiers with your rag tag bunch that barely tops 25,000.  It doesn't matter how well you use the surroundings, cover, or concealment at the moment you are going to lose men at a devastating rate even on the easiest setting.Would I recommend this game? If they can fix a couple of items, specifically the difficulty settings and making it to where if you destroy or severly cripple an enemy army that carries forward at least to some degree, then I feel that it would justify the pricetag.  Until then, not recommended."
,Recommended,502520,28573786,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,I Dont Wanna Talk About It,"I personally have enjoyed this game so far.While it is far from perfect is does improve greatly on the smoothness and ease of use that its precusor Gettysburg had issues with. Most of the problems I have with the game are issues revolving around the overview of the campaign, and how each battle progresses to the next. While it does make some sense to make each progressive battle harder (From a gameplay stance) it does mean that your achievemnts do not feel as meaningfull. Destroying an elite enemy brigade only to have it come back stronger is no fun at all.On the positive, they have taken some steps to fix this, but it still feels as if the enemy is capable of replacing and increasing there entire army, while you must stretch your resources to match them. I feel that as the development progresses, this will be fleshed out, but until then it is my greatest annoyance.As far as the actual in battle gameplay goes, I greatly enjoy it. While the individual brigades can do some stupid stuff, they overall do okay for themselves.(Ill admit I have not at all experimented with the full AI control for a group of units, so I have no idea how good that works, or does not). The battles run very smoothly, and unless you deviate very far from the historical success of your army(AKA holding the first line at Shiloh and never having to retreat), the battles follow a pretty good pace.Overall, I you do not mind the overarching campaign bieng slightly lackluster, this game is a very good buy in its current state. I'm sure that the devs will work to improve the sections I've mentioned, but unil then, this is only a GOOD game, not a GREAT game."
,Recommended,502520,26671903,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,A Gold,"The sequel to the mega dope experience at Gettsyburg but improved and expanded in many different elements.Firstly the most profound feature in this strategy game is that it forces you to act like an actual general and understand the implications of one battle amongst the larger campaign. An example of this early on was when i was faced with a stern choice of batting it out to the bitter end and having my stand its ground and maybe win the firefight, or retreat and regroup what i had to have a better crack at the next battle. Of course i wasnt leaving my favourite men to die, ""Big Willie"" and his brigade would come in handy later.On top of that the gameplay elements are a nice switch from the autopilot of totalwar, compliments of Darth. The Ai is infamously devious and at times had me as triggered as a bunch of female SJW's watching a game of bikini football. The Camp feature is excellent, the customization and endearment of men is welcome although at times i had myself sacrificing hordes of nameless chumps to save my veterans ""Dexter"", ""Big Willie"", ""Smoking Johnson"" and ""Rampant Richard"".Over the past few days of release i've put in an unhealthy amount of hours and intend to put in many more. Some parts can be frustrating, but even in its current early access state i can happily endorse the game. The harder ai is not for the faint of heart, but im sure that Big Willie and the boys can get deep in those red lines and tear them up.I give it an 1861/1865"
,Recommended,502520,30227163,Posted: 27 February,all,DarkLight,"If you liked Ultimate General Gettysburg you will like this mostly similar game. But dont get tricked into thinking the campaing has a lot of continuity. Yes, you can manage your army and yes minor battles can give modifiers to grand battles depending if they are won or lost, but the enemy is never affecting regardless of the cassualties you make upon them, and no matter if you totally crush the other side in every single battle, the campaing stays the same.Summing up, this game is more like a series of levels where you manage your army in between them than an interactive campaing of the war. Having that in regard, the game is pretty fun."
76561198015414330,Recommended,502520,29362842,Posted: 19 January,all,mako_chan,"Basically everything good there was in UG:Gettysburg with a true, multibattle campaign added. An excellent heir to both Robert E. Lee:Civil War General games.The only thing extra one could wish for is ability to mix weapons within a brigade - that way there'd be a good reason to invest in those seldom-used or rarer weapons."
76561198006568759,Recommended,502520,33682339,Posted: 20 July,all,trippinbillies,"I loved Sids Gettysburg back in the day, and this game really scratches that itch for me.Personally cant wait to see where Darth takes this next.At any rate, I'll give the game an 8 out of 10There are still some weird things that can occur, and as you can read in other ""reviews"" one of them is morale blows when being flanked. Sometimes this can feel overly punitive, and again you can read how this alone has made people downvote the game.Essentially a unit you might feel is in a good spot gets ""flanked"" and thats the rub, sometimes it doesn't feel like a flank... at least not a full on flank you might be imagining in your head.So clean that up.But.....it happens RARELY!Heres what they are very likely doing wrong, putting a low level unit in a bad spot (or key position on the line) having a low level officer, having a low level Corps commander, not having the Corps commander in the area that is being pressured.Add those up... downvotePace feels good, not too fast not too slow.Although foot speed should be higher going up hills (not by much)Enemy scaling feels alot betterCharging is effective (when used intelligently) dont just run up to a unit behind a wall that is not wavering and has support and expect a good result...Cav is in a good place, yes melee cav is kinda weak at low levels, and with poor equipment. So be careful with themI've played alot, never had a crash, never had a game breaking bug.Patches have been coming in at a good pace.They are well explained.Im sure people want more contact and info, but thats a standard gripe.My one complaint, counter battery fire, specialty long range cannnons!!! I want this to be more effective!So basically, if warfare of this kind is interesting to you, I highly reccomend this game.Having some understanding of tactics and what the weapons did historically (in general) will help alot. AKA no COD warriors.I really hope this game evolves further into Total War style game.Campaign map, battle map. I would buy it for a few of my friends, buy them beer and make them play one weekendHope you enjoy the game, because frankly I want more of themThanks,"
76561198006756264,Recommended,502520,33856211,Posted: 28 July,all,Edgewalker,"Amazing game, best civil war strategy ever.Pros:- gameplay- army management- customizing units and commanders- epic battles- rpg elements- battle records for every unit- graphics & UI- music- tons of climate- no bugs and great performance (played it on gtx970 and 3 years old intel proc in 4k resolution and graphics maxed out and experienced zero problems for 100 hours)Cons:- 2 starting missions are really bad, I almost stopped playing at this point- sometimes battles are too heavily scripted forcing you to play missions twice, one time to figure it out and second time to actually beat it- it looks easy but it's actually quite hard to figure out, learn units, battle pacing, terrain etc.- last union mission is atrocious9/10"
,Recommended,502520,29219979,Posted: 13 January,all,Just Emil,"""When the Union sends it's soldiers,they're not sending their best.They're sending soldiers that havelots of problems, and they'rebringing those problems with them.""""They're bringing muskets.""""They're bringing lootings.""""They're criminals,""""And some, I assume, are goodsoldiers."""
76561198118491296,Recommended,502520,30072295,Posted: 20 February,all,Donald J. Trump,"I've played as far as possible as both the Union and the Confederates so heres what I thinkPros:Battles are fun and require lots of stratagyI love managing my army and weapons, really feels like being a generalAI is not terribleMassive armies and massive battlesGreat developers seem to actually listen to the communityOverall a fun gameActually feels like im fighting a war.It's a great yet terrible feeling watching my charge end in the slaughter of half my army just to win a battle, Its great cause I won yet terrible because losses actually matter a lot in this game. Lose to many men in one battle and you might never recover.Love watching my beautiful yankees crush through rebel linesEnemy Armies seem infinite, for example I lost 30,000 at Antietam Union lost 40,000, next battle I was obviously still recovering but somehow the union seemed unfazed to say the least.I wish the campaign was just a bit more free. It would be cool if insted of attacking Getysburg I could attack somewhere else, or even to take that further, insted of attacking little round top and the union left by force. I insted decide where my attack would commence and when.All in all I recomend a buy for any stratagy gamer whos looking for a deeper experience."
76561198026950576,Not Recommended,502520,31837669,Posted: 19 May,all,Battle_Mad_Ronin,"Good concept with solid gameplay ruined by bugs and insane scaling issues. The enemy always have greater forces, greater experience and better weapons than the player. I played as the North and got a few battles into the campaign before I realized how bad the scaling affected my enjoyment of the game. At this point I'd played too many hours and my request for a refund got declined.At least I learned somehting new about history, mainly that the South won the War of the States due to their vastly superior numbers and much better weapons.*EDIT*On account of supposed balance changes made since I last played the game I decided to give it a go again. After all the game is in early release, some rough edges are to be expected.I played the first mission, as the Union. It took great effort to secure the little town that is the player's first objective, but it was possible. Throughout this first step I was treated to a number of little tips in handy dialog boxes, warning me against risky frontal charges and advicing me to keep my units' flanks and rears secure.After this initial stage I set up a defence around the town center, hiding my line infantry behind barricades with supporting skirmishers positioned to take best advantage of cover. I redied myself for the enemy, who would have to cross wide open areas to attack my position.Surely, shortly thereafter arrived Johnny Reb. The AI dropped any and all attempts at subtlety, and went for a frontal charge across the line. Just what I had hoped for.My skirmishers maneuvered behing enemy units, discharging their guns into their uprocted rears. My lines fired a salvo, then another. My artillery roared a welcome of grapeshot at the Dixie attack.They did not blink. They did not slow down. They did not break.In seconds, it was over. The rebels took the bullets head-on, their bodies taking Minié balls like reinforced concrete. The distance closed, the slaughter began. Frenzied southerners ripped through hundreds of Union soldiers in an instant. The Union fought back. Bayonets ripped through muscle and sinew, rifle butts shattered skulls. But the rebels would. Not. DIE.Having spend the better part of half an hour, I could do nothing as my defence was destroyed by an enemy using tactics the game had helpfully informed me were inefficient, careless and wasteful. To say I was frustrated is an understatement.I can only conclude that ""Ultimate General: American Civivl War"" takes place in some strange alternate reality where the South employed super powered zombies to annihilate the Northern army.My review remains a disappointed thumb down."
,Recommended,502520,32838245,Posted: 26 June,all,KingBeyondTheWall,"This game gets pretty intense. I gave the single player a shot and advanced through the first battle, I captured the town no problem. Then the second phase of the first battle kicked in and the difficulty spiked quite a bit. After getting flanked on two sides of the town and being pushed back across the small bridge, i managed to retake the town purely by the numbers game. Drenched in sweat after the long fight, I decided to try out a historic battle, Gettysburg. I made a mistake. I went from chaos in the campaign to an all out war in the hour long fight that ensued.  Back and forth the battle went until finally the massive number of confederate forces backed me into a corner. I was asked to make a final stand on what could only be considered a small mound of dirt for 5 mins. Longest 5 mins ever. After finally running out of time the game told me I had survived day 1.....day 2 would begin shortly. WHAT.UPDATE: 5 hours in I'm still fighting at Gettysburg. I think phase 4 or 5 at this point. Two days have passed and I'm going to hold these goddamn hills from the south if its the last thing I do.TLDR: The game is hard and the AI is difficult but it's extremely rewarding. This game NEEDS multiplayer badly though for massive replay value. The AI kicks my a$$ and my morale could use some PvP."
,Recommended,502520,35164818,Posted: 23 September,all,sasquatchimo,"Surprisingly simple, yet simultaneously surprisingly deep in terms of actual battlefield tactics. Anyone who is a Civil War buff  or just likes fun strategy games will find something to enjoy here."
76561198022445792,Recommended,502520,28211931,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Chris Hansen with Dateline NBC,"AWESOME summed up in 5 points:- Immersive battles and tactics/ grandstratedgy with large maps and realistic army sizes and very smart AI- Army progression and customization: love being able to customize my own corps , division, renaming them selecting commanders, using captured goods to army my forces- Feels like a mix of Total War and Victoria 2- Great music and aesthetics- You actually feel like a stubborn War general having to make crucial decisions that decide the fate of your army"
76561198120548619,Recommended,502520,32953569,Posted: 28 June,all,Husaren,Amazing game <3
76561198165449668,Recommended,502520,28477437,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Brysky,"I love this game. It's challenging, rewarding and beautiful. I have played this more than Civ 6 and Civ 5 combined, and I'm still on just the Confederate campaign. I haven't even tried playing the Union or playing an historical battle.The few reviewers who are frustrated with this game seem frustrated with either a) auto-scaling b) bugs c) difficulty. Let me express my opinion on these areas to help any of you still deciding whether to buy this.Auto-scalingAuto-scaling is a necessity. (auto-scaling means that if you add more troops to armies you use in a particular battle, the game will add troops to the enemy armies in that particular battle). This helps make each battle closely contested rather than one-sided.I have two methods to deal with this successfully. It's just one of many things about UG that makes you think.BugsI've encountered a few minor bugs, but they have not presented big problems. For example, my cavalry occasionally gets stuck on the edge of the board. Usually I can force them to move with one of the two movement methods, but not both.Occasionally, my troops will make an unexpected movement that seems contrary to my orders. This does not happen often though. And considering the calamity and chaos of the battles, mis-communication between commanders and troops is perhaps a touch of realism.DifficultyYes, it's difficult, but in a good way. I'm playing on the easy level and I still have to restart about 1/3 of the battles multiple times to achieve victory. I have been able to achieve victory in all the battles so far, except for one where I accepted a draw. At least to me, I think it's an almost perfect balance. Whether I win or lose depends on the quality of my decision-making. The difference between winning and losing is placement of my troops, taking advantage of terrain and environment, coordinating my efforts, choosing the right mix of troops, flanking and not getting flanked, etc.The AI is good enough that these decisions are continual, flow during the course of battle, involve explicit tradeoffs, are different even when I replay the same battle, and so on. Perhaps if I were a better general, or a war historian, I could play this game on a higher difficulty level. Perhaps if I didn't have years of experience with other strategy games like the Civ Series, Total War series, and others, then this game would be too difficult. For me though, the difficulty makes it very rewarding when I manage to win a battle.So if you're still reading, you really should give UG a try. I have no affiliation whatsoever with the company, nor did I receive it for free. I just happen to think it's one of the best games I've played in years."
,Recommended,502520,26636608,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Sanny,"So far I'm impressed with all aspects of the game. I only have one major gripe and that would be in the most unlikely of places, the audio and sound effects which are substantially poorer quality than in UG: Gettysburg. Of course this is Early Access it will likely get a makeover by the time the game is finally released.I'm also concerned with the Terrain topography overlay which is now not present in the game. Personally I'm finding that positioning each regiment or divisions is trickier than in UG: Gettysburg, I think you are meant to actually draw lines on the map.I'd give this a 9/10. This game will have a lot of replayability. I will update this review on final release."
,Recommended,502520,26638767,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,jbd_man,"Changed my mind on the game! It has many new, great aspects and requires different methods than the same old Ultimate General: Gettysburg. Takes time to get used to new fighting mechanics and troop movements. Many new ways to customize units, command structures, and the way you will lead your army."
,Recommended,502520,33794301,Posted: 25 July,all,Darth Cerritus,Strategic battles and army management that even tops the Total War series - this game is a must have for strategy gamers.
76561198012919534,Recommended,502520,35015306,Posted: 16 September,all,Mordovorot,This game is a must have for a Civil War fan.Reminds me of such masterpices of the past as Sid Meier's Antietam and Gettysburg.
76561198008332404,Recommended,502520,33542558,Posted: 14 July,all,[pkm]Bulbasaur,"I've been playing this game since early access 0.40, and have played over 200 hours.  It's the best civil war game I've ever played with the right balance of detail and performance even in large scale maps and battles."
76561197971609050,Recommended,502520,31831282,Posted: 18 May,all,Volcano467,"For those complaining about how difficult the game is, remember that in the large battles that span multiple days, you can replace your losses. I wasn't aware of this until I figured it out on my second campaign (they could have made this more obvious - to go the ""camp"" before starting the 2nd day, pehraps it should start in the ""camp"" screen).Love this game. Can't wait for a Napolenic Wars version."
76561198038900282,Recommended,502520,26671817,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Chris94677,"For Early Access this is really good! I loved the original Ultimate General: Gettysburg, and even though a lot of new innovations are added to this title, and even though I'd still recommend this game they're still a lot of issues that I feel people should be aware of before spending 30 dollars.Cons:Officers and Regiments- anyone who played the first Ultimate General knows one of the most immersive aspects of the game was how every brigade was manned by their historical officer and they're was a drawn portrait of them next to their name. Even the most famous generals like William Sherman don't have a portrait next to their name, and the vast majority of Brigades rehash the same names leading to fighting General Bee's brigade in every battle of the war. Hopefully by full release the developers study their history and make it a bit more immersive.Map topography- Another great feature from UGG was the ability to read the topography of the map via contour lines, yet they removed this from UGC making it far more difficult to position your troops/cannons.Audio- It's still good, but it definitely needs improvements. Minor fix, but once you notice it you can't forget it.Troop movement- I really dislike the way the soldiers move in this installment. In UGG it wasn't perfect but now it feels like the brigades aren't following my mouse cursor when I move them. This is doubly true when I'm moving troops over bridges, it's really difficult to move them over bridges for some reason.That was pretty critical, but this game is still great, a few minor improvements and it'll be the best civil war era game, maybe even the best ""line infantry"" game of all time. Highly recommend for any strategy gamer, just be conscious that it isn't a carbon copy of UGG but in different battles!"
,Recommended,502520,26695654,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DLClever,"Overall, great game, good job Darth.One thing I really enjoy about the game is the persistent army from battle to battle, making your choices really impact your overall success. But with that, and maybe I'm missing something, that persistence doesn't really seem to affect the AI army.I'm playing as the Confederates for my first go and I have won every battle on the default difficulty gearing up for Antietam because I know that fight is going to be a hard one. But with that, I have on several occasions made a point to ground the enemy army into a fine digestible pulp, at some extra loss to me of course. I considered that the extra weapons gained and intense enemy losses would offset further engagements to my advantage, therefore the slightly higher casualty rate was justified. I especially targeted 3 star commanders and gun batteries to curb their ability of overwhelm my lines with combined arms.Now we're at the battle of Antietam and I can pretty safely say that the extra effort has made no difference at all. The Yankee dogs have tons of top of the line generals and high end guns pounding my poor 50,000 troops with a big blue hammer. During the first two days of the battle, the blue coats were rounded up and pincered in ever increasing massive blue mounds of dead. Then the third day comes where the union gets some 20,000 ish reinforcements to push their army to now at least twice the size of my remaining forces where I need to hold out for an additional 4 (in-game) hours.So, overall, good game. But I don't think you should spend much more effort than what it takes to win the battles because it doesn't seem that the AI is playing the same game, and what you save in troop replacements, you can put to buying better guns. So that's my only real complaint, I'm sure it's just for difficulty scaling to keep the game challenging but it makes the individual battles a lot less meaningful.**Also the POW system seems a little off, if I capture 750 units, I get a bonus 1000 recruits. But when I capture 7000+ units, I also get 1000 recuits...."
76561198134567755,Recommended,502520,35030387,Posted: 17 September,all,Bigrayyan,"Nice game where you can play massive battles and stuff, just dont expect an easy game against this AI."
,Recommended,502520,35031741,Posted: 17 September,all,hedachinjo,"It's a bit different than the usual strategy games where a player strives to ""decimate"" the enemy. This is about attrition, and logical movements of your army. Top that with some RPG elements and resource management and you got a curry of fun. Takes a bit of time to get used to. I suggest looking at a quick tutorial video as the in-game advisor isn't so great at educating you."
,Recommended,502520,26641742,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BCGaius,"Game asks for name of general.I enter ""Tobias Q. Jobswith""Game automatically abbreviates general name in army screen as ""T. Q. Jobswith""10/10 Would Burn Georgia Again, eagerly awaiting Muttonchop Facial Hair Customizer DLC."
,Not Recommended,502520,35180580,Posted: 24 September,all,Templar,"Let me start by saying that I really do like this game. The elements of design are excellent, especially in terms of sound and graphics. Building divisions and brigades, arming them with quintesential weapons of the era, and assigning leadership is engaging and interesting. Getting into a nasty exchange of musketry and cannon fire is a gleeful pleasure to watch and winning said fights is rewarding. But where things begin to fall apart for me is when the game starts to get bigger.When I say bigger, I mean that in terms of the size of your army. Very rapidly, you will find yourself on titanically big maps, attempting to control dozens of units in an army that must be well over 70,000 men strong. You will also be forced to control that army in 1500-3000 man clumps, and organize them in a manner which will allow you to carry the day in battle. This is not easy.This game is, quite frankly, not meant for people like me who simply do not have the headspace to manage such a colossal endeavor.The game really shines when you are on the defensive. The nature of commanding such a vast array of troops lends itself to defensive fighting in almost every way. Reaction times are not as readily punished on the defensive, and understanding where the enemy will likely move towards and planning ahead for that assault is incredibly rewarding. Going on offensives, however, is a different animal entirely.I truly believe that this game would beneift hugely from the inclusion of a cooperative game mode, wherein a friend could be given command of parts of your army. Being able to split the effort of commanding massive armies over multiple people (just like command structures in real life) would, in my very humble opinion, make this game one of the top 3 in my library today if not the very best.Today, I can hardly stomach the idea of playing any of the battles past the second or third year of this epic American conflict. I'm not ashamed, merely dissapointed that I cannot enjoy what is perhaps the greatest American Civil War tactical and strategic game that has every come out. I say this as a reenactor, a gamer, and a Civil War buff: I cannot recommend this game."
76561198065760889,Recommended,502520,33685343,Posted: 20 July,all,puppehs,"Stars and bars are not censored, 10/10"
76561198155577149,Not Recommended,502520,32167414,Posted: 3 June,all,kopf.jaeger,"Most over-rated game I've ever played!  I was really looking forward to playing a Civil War game like so many other people,especially after reading all the good reviews. So disappointing! Good graphics, nice that actual officers from the war are utilized but thats about it. Heres one of those typical games where you cant decide on the direction you want your forces to go, you HAVE to participate in battles pre-set. so its the exact same if you start all over a second time. There should be an option if you want to fight historic battles then that should be a ""Historic Battles""category.Its too slow and hard to start building up your army size and strength, the last battle I did I only had 5,000 men vs 21,000, even though I won the previous several battles and had only 1 draw. Troop movement is a mess, yes they move faster on a road but there are no straight roads and since your brigade marches on line meaning shoulder to shoulder as opposed to 2 columns they are slowed. Shiloh is an absolute mess!! It bounces back and forth between 2 battles so when you go back to the previous you cant remember what your plans and ideas were. Horrible!Numerous other problems, too many to list. Total War series are far superior, would love to see TW do a Civil War game."
76561197970664849,Recommended,502520,29600553,Posted: 30 January,all,Major,If you are even remotely interested in the Civil War you need to pick this game up. Don't let the early access fool you....it is much closer to being a finished product than just about ANY early access game I've ever played. The controls are intuitive and easy to grasp while the tacticle depth of play is much deeper the more you play. It already is a superb game and only going to get better.
76561198056496642,Recommended,502520,33008447,Posted: 29 June,all,Shad,"This is one of best tactical strategy games avaliable.One of the first things you notice is that the game is quite straightforward to get into. Quite a few ""hardcore"" strategy games fill the interface with lots and lots and lots of buttons/indicators/status reports and such, requiring you to read a massive manual (or a long youtube tutorial) before even beginning. UG is quite easy to understand the basics if you played any TW game. All key stats are easy to see.At the same time, the battle mechanics are very deep and quite different from other games in the genre. Positioning and expoiting enemy weaknesses are essential to win with manageable casualties. The whole technology era (where both sides started the war with militia armed with napoleonic-era muskets and ended with breech-loaded weapons and even some repeater weapons) forces you to adapt tactics as the game progresses.The grand campaign (as either side in the war) takes you through virtually every single battle in the war, with your army following you through the whole game. Between battles you refill your troops with recruits, manage officers, form new units, manage your armament inventory. Since your army is persistent and carries over from battle to battle, you need to make a lot of strategic choices to mnage your resources. Which unit would you prioritise for veteran reinforcements and best equipment. Do you really want to get commit your elites now and take losses, or wait until later and potentially run out of time to fulfill your objective? Do you want to make your cavalry charge and silence that enemy artillery which is shelling your army, but likely lose the cavalry in the process?  And so on...Throughout your campaign you will face an enemy army which will change depending on how you fight them, making enemy casualties actually matter. Though the enemy army will never be fully destroyed, fighting them well pays off, even if you don't win everything. Battles are split into ""sub-campaigns"" which consist of several smaller battles and a major battle which is fought over several days. In large battles towards the endgame, you can end up with up to 100 separate units (regiments, artillery batteries) and the battles truly feel huge.A note: the game is quite hard. No matter which side you pick first, you may be better off starting on easy until you feel you understand the game (both tactical and strategic). It is very much possible to win lots of battles initially, but lose the campaign halfway through"
76561198027558575,Recommended,502520,33235875,Posted: 4 July,all,Balderdasherer,"Ultimate General: Civil War expands upon the greatest selling points of its predecessor: innovative battlefield management, macro-strategic decision making, and a fine balance between historical accuracy and gameplay.  Add onto all of this layers of personnel management (recruiting, developing, and investing in units), resource management (balancing manpower, money, and tactical decision-making), and a swipe at having player's decisions have an impact on the larger campaign (success in a smaller skirmish may lead to a lack of supplies for your enemy during the next battle, etc.), and what you're left with is an innovative, engaging strategy game that truly immerses you in the game world.The game is still in Early Access, and thus still has a bit of polishing to do.  Most notably, there are still issues with commander ability balancing (some skills are incredible, while others are nearly useless), and continuity of gameplay (while rare, there are still a couple of scenarios I've found where, even if you successfully attack/defend objectives on Day 1 of a grand battle, those successes do not necessarily translate into Day 2 - looking at you Chancellorsville).That said, UG:CW presents in such a finished state, even in Early Access, that these issues are minor compared to everything else that is offered.  Highly recommended, even at full-price."
76561198084769510,Recommended,502520,34146007,Posted: 10 August,all,gameraverage7,"Great game overall, main pet peeve is the lack of common sense when it comes to objectives. Like in the Battle of Shiloh, yeah, good job for encircling and crushing the bulk of the Confederate army but since you focused on destroying the entire Confederate army instead of recapturing a useless church and a couple camps we'll classify this as a draw. Or the next battle where your mission is to capture the centre, I captured the centre, routed the Confederates back to the corner of the map but 207 men managed to sneak past me and march to the centre and boom game over another draw like wtf I routed the entire army and they had 207 men in the field and I had 7000 ish men and controlled the map and it's a draw?One more thing is artillery, how♥♥♥♥♥♥can you be if you're an arty battery with 24 guns, you shell a 2000-man brigade out in the open and you kill 2 men?Overall, 7/10, love the game but it could use a bit of common sense"
76561198019219227,Recommended,502520,29228388,Posted: 13 January,all,[XIII] Vindictus Vorn,"Having played and loved Ultimate General Gettysburg, I just had to have this game as well.I really like it and especially all the new added battles of which there are a ton.Moreover, I have wanted a VERY GOOD campaign game of the Civil War as well, and this game meets my objectives."
76561198078462724,Recommended,502520,33395508,Posted: 8 July,all,anarsia1,"A GREAT GAME.  A few loose ends to be tidied up, but amazing for pre-release.  10x better than most games are at release... you know who you are...!   If you liked the napoleon total war battles but felt they were missing a little something, this is the game.  There are a few missions that seems to set you back rather than send you ahead, due to the reward system.  Often your army gets the sh*t kicked out of it and the repair cost is more than the mission reward.  This leads to save scumming, even on the easiest of difficulties.   Or maybe it's just me.   But the battle are well done, they have multiple phases rather than the standard total war square map.  I recommend!"
76561198039487354,Recommended,502520,33982199,Posted: 2 August,all,ctiger,"This game is like a childhood dream come true. It's like they took those beautiful hand drawn battle maps from the American Heritage History of the Civil War, brought them to life and made them interactive. This is the Civil War game I have been waiting a long long time for. Here's to hoping they add even more historical battles to the current line up.A must for anyone interested in the period."
76561198283217663,Recommended,502520,33344914,Posted: 7 July,all,ray_rockwood,"I must admit I originally bought this game a month into early access and quickly refunded it.  I decided now that it's nearing completion I should give it another chance.  I'm glad I did.  The recent patches have shown that the developers are listening to the community and this is turning out to be a very enjoyable game.  The two faults I have with it is that this game needs to allow the user to change the font size.  I play it on a large screen tv and a 15 inch laptop and in both cases it can be hard to read some of the text.  The other negative is it badly needs a tutorial, but if you've played Total War or similar type of games you'll pick this one up quick."
76561198013104375,Recommended,502520,29251722,Posted: 14 January,all,Konev1897,"Perhaps the most frustrating aspect of this game is the completely broken way that units flee. They do not flee towards their commanders or towards the nearest controlled point. Or any other logical manner. Instead I've seen my own units flee into the same fire that broke them, enemy units flee towards the objective they need to win the battle, or just mill aimlessly under fire. A second major issue is that unit turning is often broken. A simple wheel often turns into some sort of elaborate 360 degree pivot and leaves the unit vulnerable to fire. The last primary issue is that frontal cavalry charges actually work against steady infantry. A steady bayonet equipped infantry unit, in line, should completely butcher any Civil War era cavalry in a charge. Civil War cavalry is primarily for harrasment and recon rather than shock action, certainly shock action should at least require near parity in numbers or a battered and unsteady infantry unit. Or a rear charge to an engaged unit. Instead I've seen 300 cavalry frontally charge and route twice their number and more in 100% morale infantry.The game is really really enjoyable, but improving these issues, as well as perhaps allowing for position improvement and better cover mechanicswould make it really reach its full potential."
76561198038900517,Recommended,502520,29111635,Posted: 8 January,all,HuffinAround,"For an early access game, I think this has to be one of the most complete games out there. This game is fan for anyone who played Ultimate General: Gettysburg or just in general really enjoy strategy games. The computer will challenge you no matter what difficulty you play and customizing your army is a great feature.One of my favorite aspects of this game is the fact it will punish you for neglecting upgrading your army and/or not getting veterans. Without those, your army will crumble however, if you focus too much on veterans and upgrading, the AI will over run you with tons of soldiers. Must strategically plan and invest wisely.Great game so far for an early access. 10/10"
76561198006600487,Recommended,502520,28875756,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Vazco,"As a player who is experienced in strategy games, I must say this game is amazing.Advantages:1. challenge - most games tend to bore you once you find a winning strategy. Many games quickly get out of balance when you beat the system. UG:CW is different. It's automatic scaling system makes sure you always get a challenging battle. There's no one winning strategy, they change with every battle. In every battle you will get significant casualities. In the same time if you're less experienced, automatic scaling system will make sure you can still complete campaign.2. unique mechanics - schemas from other strategic games can't be used in this one. In the same time gameplay is really intuitive and fun.3. battles are engaging - in many games I found myself playing a battle just for results. Here battles are really engaging. Each one is slightly different and unique. In every battle you can find things you could do better, yet if you play this battle the second time it turns out an old winning approach wouldn't work any more, as AI played slightly differently.4. historical accuracy - your army's equipment is very detailed, based on historical equipment. In the same time it's not complex to manage.Disadvantages:To be honest there aren't many. Those that I found are minor.1. early access - There are a few inconsistencies - eg. some units have longer fire range than it's indicated. Savegames don't store information about unit abilities in battles. I'm sure those will be polished until release though. Even now they're not cumbersone.2. graphics - if you're searching for next Total War game with stunning graphics, this one is not for you. It's focused mostly on engaging gameplay, with a very simple graphics"
76561198008001676,Recommended,502520,28889940,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Pelennor,"This is clearly an excellent game.Gameplay is simple to understand but provides great tactic experience (seeking for cover, paying attention to moral and getting heavily punished if flanked). I paricularly love the degree of customization with your army through the campaign (managing units size, experience, weapon, commander and name).This is not a AAA of course, but this game illustrates the fact you don't need $$$ to archive good ideas, particularly in RTS games.It needs more polish during early access, particularly concerning the IA, but this game is already very pleasant and a great experience."
,Recommended,502520,28901264,Posted: 1 January,all,[GWJ] Aetius,"80+ hours in now. Without a doubt the best tactical / operational Civil War game I've ever played, and it's still Early Access. The Campaign mode is a blast - you get to grow and develop your army the way you want. Developers are responsive and making good improvements to the game. If you like the Civil War or Total War-type games and want more depth, this is the game for you.Some heads-up on Early Access - there's a game freeze bug that happens rarely, the devs have made a couple of hotfixes to help and are still working on it. They are still working on balance, and the AI scaling can sometimes be excessive and overwhelming. The help information is still pretty barebones, so it can be hard to figure out some important information sometimes."
,Recommended,502520,30482062,Posted: 12 March,all,Dragoneer (4th Lee),"For an early access game, this is a crazy good game, a big campaign with a crazy amount of battles, with focus on both micro and macro management, do you want to sacrifice all your hard earned rebel cash to get those juicy high tier Fayettville rifles, or do you instead go for troop training and more of a standard issue of muskets, the choice is yours, do you want to buy an entire corps full of cannons? go right ahead!The game has just alot of replayability, and its brutally hard even on normal difficulty, the ai is scary good at times, it knows how to exploit gaps, to flank and when to charge, and since youre troops carry over from battle to battle, if you have one bad battle, you might ♥♥♥♥ up your entire campaignDevs are also very active, and release new battles on a crazy fast pace10/10 would slaugther 60k federals on 2nd manassas again"
76561198006628934,Recommended,502520,33603007,Posted: 17 July,all,Vernon Fastback,"this is just an excellent game I have logged 200+ hours already, on the early release."
76561197997385617,Recommended,502520,28628820,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Alex,"This game is amazing and reminds me so much of ""Sid Meier's Gettysburg""Going forward I woud say that individual unit modelling should be focussed on as all infantry, cavalry, artillery units look exactly the same on the battlefield whether it be Union or Confederate troops.This is especially true when you equip infantry brigades with different rifles...it would be nice to see that rifle held/fired/reloaded on the battlefield with the units you've assigned that piece of equipment to in camp. This is also true with artillery pieces and all other unit types."
76561198031856250,Recommended,502520,28220649,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Konstantin,"This is an excellent wargame. It feels and plays like a digital version of a particulary sophisticated tabletop game system.In my eyes its perks are- an accurate depiction of civil war tactics and operational tactics (as far as I can tell),- a responsive AI that punishes (or rewards) you for your decisions- a well chosen scale to represent the small and big battles of the war in an enjoyable and playable way- good choices in scenario design, so the player stays interested and alert, but also constantly challanged- The game is fair. When you fail you fail because you did something wrong or the objective was just too ambitious, not because the AI cheats (like ignoring modifiers or reacting to hidden units) like so many other games try to keep it challanging.- While technically not sophisticated, the graphics are pleasant to look at, easy to work with and immersive.What I would recommend the devs to look into:- Camp screen sound effects. Every click results in repetetive noise.- Skirmisher units require constant supervision. Their standard behaviour leads to them failing to re-engage after a retreat. Also they need an option not to fall back, but keep shooting.- My biggest problem is the narrative. The game often fails to provide you with context. This applies to two levels.1.) You hardly get any info on the overall strategical situation. Americans might learn this stuff in school (at least in broad terms) but to the rest of us it is a closed book. This leaves the player with a feeling of playing through a string of disjointed battles. A handful of short descriptive texts and maps between campaigns would go a long way to make sense of it all.2.) When it comes to individual missions the game does a bad job of explaining how the scenario works game-wise.I often had a hard time telling what actually happens when the counter ticks out. Alsoyou never know if taking an objective will immediatelly end the scenario or if I had to hold it for a while. And if yes, for how long.Also, I was never told beforehand if the units I deploy at the start is all I get or if the rest of my corps will reinforce it later. Another example are multi-stage scenarios. (first one is Shiloh) In the middle of the first battle the player is pulled from one front and gets to play on the other, without any information about if or when that would happen.But irregardless of my criticism, this game has a lot of potential and is keeping me entertained. It even made me write a review.EDIT: Multiplayer. This game asks for it.1 vs 1 or multiple players vs multiple opponents each controlling a corps or a division."
,Recommended,502520,28459726,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,=SWF= Spartan0536,"Ultimate General: Civil War, the sequel to Ultimate General: Gettysburg.....Developed with help from the guy whom made Darthmod for the Total War games....Have you always deampt of making the south rise, or seeing if you could re-write history for the North and crush the south in record time? Perphaps you figure you would be a better commander than some of the legendary Generals that fought in the American Civil War; if any of these apply to you, then get this damn game.Ultimate General: Gettysburg was a decent game, there were things I liked and disliked about it, this game fixes ALL of what I disliked.Fight in historic battles: CheckAlter History in your own image: CheckAuthentic Period Weapons: CheckAuthentic Period Tactics: CheckCommand your own Army: CheckEquip your own Army: CheckManage your own logistics: CheckUpgrades for veteran units: CheckHistorically accurate units: CheckAmazing game depth: CheckEasy to understand: CheckAddicting as hell for an RTS: CheckI am not joking, this game is how RTS's should be made, and given some development, I could see this even getting into tactical RTS E-Sports. Imagine using a reource pool per battle to setup your Army and go head to head with another player or a group of players in a grand battle, this game can easily do this!Even from a singleplayer point of view this game is slated to be a masterpiece, and in an era that is not that popular for gaming. Some serious time, research, and development went into this game, and it shows. This game is currently in Early Access as of this review, and it already plays better than many completed and patched games, this RTS game is on the fast track for deserving the RTS GOTY award.But what about dem graphics, I have seen much better in older games?Sure its not the most visually appealing like Halo Wars 2, but its most certainly not ugly and the graphics are functional and unique.Early Access Scoring -Graphics: 7/10Sound: 8/10Gameplay: 10/10User Interface: 9/10Authenticity: 10/10Overall Early Access Score: 9/10Recommendation/Final Thoughts:I am not even sure what else I can say other than if you love RTS games or are an American Civil War history buff this game is a must have!"
,Recommended,502520,28191519,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Civillic,"First off if you are afraid of early access purchases I wouldn't be of this one because I trust the developers to deliver a good product like UG: Gettysburg. That being said, I have played alot of strat games in my life. This game gives me the investment into my units that I want, the intensity on the battle field that I want, and the ability to do hella customization for my army. This style of strat, in my opinion, offers up a new realm of strat games. Maybe even one day a good UG: The Great War, as WW1 is my favorite war. As for cons and negative comments of the game, I dont have any. I believe this team is trying to develop this game the best way they can and for it to make sense while playing it. The final copy of this game will be almost everything that I want from it, and that's good with me. Overall I give this game 8/10 for all games, 10/10 for strat, and 10/10 creativity. Take a break between battles or you might get PTSD."
,Recommended,502520,26635930,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Inquisition,"Did you like Ultimate General: Gettysburg?This is just as fun, yet amped up. You'll be able to play several historical battles like you did in the predecessor. On top of that there is a full campaign to play.I have not played too much of it as of now, yet I already like it even more than Gettysburg. It is basically the same gameplay (yet improved) combined with loads of additional content. Like the whole Civil War, for example :)"
,Recommended,502520,26754395,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Ivan the Agreeable,"This is the ACW game that I have been waiting for since I was five and started reading about the war. Campaign with slight RPG immersion and highly customizable units that maintain experience from battle to battle, battles that span multiple days, customizable order of battle. I was blown away by the smart (at least as compared to certain other titles: Total War, I am looking at you) AI, terrain that ACTUALLY matters, and morale that works on a believable system. I cannot offer enough praise for this game and its developers- and it is still in early access.10/10, would crush the Confederacy again. And again. And again. Also replayability... I can see hundreds of hours going into this title."
,Recommended,502520,32626062,Posted: 21 June,all,87th Foot Maj. Bell,"A fun RTS, that is very hefty in the ""Customization"" department, and very unforgiving in the ""I made a mistake 2 battles ago"" department.There are a couple odd design choices that keep this from being the best Civil War RTS I have ever played (That award still going to the Scourge of War/Take Command series).First and foremost, the Eastern and Western theatre of war are both mashed together, but only for the player. As the player, you will command, oddly, the one and only army the Confederates/Union have (Depending on side played), and fight battles in both the East and West. Problem is, the AI will have 2 seperate armies, East and West, with their own manpower pools.This makes the game more difficult in a way it shouldn't be, and trust me the game is already difficult.Competant AI makes for a tough fight most of the times, and most battles are lost by poor decision making on the Player's part.But this isn't to say there isn't a slight amount of ♥♥♥♥ery to some of the difficulty as well. Some ""Minor"" battles (Especially towards the end of the campaign) are so difficult, they are not worth the risk/reward. But if you DON'T do them, the major battle at the end of the phase will be even more difficult.This doesn't ruin the game by any stretch of the imagination, there is so much to the Campaign that it makes it a wonderful single player experience.There is sadly, no Multiplayer, something I think would have been amazing, given the customization options and such in game. And, in this day and age, it's almost criminal for a game to not have MP.The odder aspects of the campaign construction, the blindingly difficult learning curve, and the lack of MP are the only things that keep this game from being the BEST ACW RTS ever made.That being said, it's still a solid, fun as hell game that puts other, bigger, more bombastic RTS games currently on the market (I am looking at you, Steel Division, you disgusting piece of trash  disguised as a good game) to shame. Good AI, Good mechanics, Great morale/LOS/combat system. This is Chess to Steel Division's Checkers. A thinking man's RTS, that requires every aspect of your campaign and battle be well thought out, and a game that will punish you for a mistake you hadn't even realized you made.A very solid 9/10"
76561197992275453,Recommended,502520,33799040,Posted: 25 July,all,Dad,Fantastic RTS game.  An even better Civil War RTS.
76561197972622346,Recommended,502520,34357625,Posted: 19 August,all,toptom1,Not sure how this game slipped under my radar but WOW what a game. Plenty of content nice and orgional idea from any game i have ever played. Kind of looks like Total war battles but with a RISK game element to it. The AI is very challanging and im only on normal difficulty and they make smart moves.Well done devs who have gained a new customer :) I persoanly think a nopoleon/ european war would be great for this genre of game.With the next game they produce i would like to see bit more detial into the game but thats just a constructive critism because the graphics are nice to look at and very bright.I would rate this game a solid 9/10
76561198008318511,Recommended,502520,29789297,Posted: 8 February,all,Ammianus Marcellinus,Just a very good game with excellent pacing and strategic and tactical depth. Very good gameplay rendition of Civil War warfare and also an excellent history lesson of the war's greatest and most important battles.Even now already in its early stage of development......85/10A total war veteran and historian
,Recommended,502520,26636534,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,XenoMorph,Ultimate General: SommeMake it happen please
,Recommended,502520,27299142,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sztoikus,"It should be improved, but even without it, it is an awesome game. It is almost a wet dream for a Civil War-game enthusiast, or to any armchair general.It gives the player the best pausable real-time experience of the battles and between battles the player has all the options to form a small, or even a grand army to dominate the battlefield.It has some ligh rpg elements for the player's general, and every unit is improving according to the events it goes through.What I miss in greenlight is better handling of supply, a better understanding of the morale of the troops and less units of traitors, which just cannot go along the given plan.The stupidity sometimes of some generals makes the game historically accurate, but to give the same order five times and see it denied five times for no understandable reason is tiresome."
76561198231553620,Recommended,502520,28438750,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Watermonkey,"First battle as the Union-clear a small town whoop some skirmishers butts, take the town. More Confederates across the river, boot their asses out of that town with some nice up close cannon support. Confederates scatterring into the open fieldwhile my boys in blue take up all the happy points in town.....Death Train rolls in along with a few thousand more Rebs....things get a lil shakey but hold em off to take the big win home......reorganize, resupply.....walking into the next battle feeling like Gods of War (cause hell we just kicked the crap out of a train).....heads held high ready to go at it.....well heads were held to high, lost 2 officers charging into combat using no strategy any sane General would use, dear baby jesus i have effectively cut my force into three parts, my Cavalry just took cannister shot in the♥♥♥♥♥ my skirmishers decided i'm an idiot and ran off into the woods, ( i sent about 120 skirmishers after 800 Rebs, so yeah my guys were right i'm an idiot) massive loss on a massive scale lost 2 more officers....next battle i leave my supply wagon unguarded i could swear i heard the little guys on screen laughing at me.....cannons run out of ammo......more dead n wounded officers....i'm now fielding an army of 8 year olds cause almost no ones in command anymore....annndddd another loss.......I've never had more fun in my life lossing in a game than now......absolutey love this game because it puts up with my foolish tactics then hands me more men to punish in the next battle.....truly an awesome game with almost endless ways to play on the field of battle try....hmmmm i wonder what i could do with a 4 brigade division of just Cavalry.....the foolishness will never end for me!!! lol   again outstanding game even if you just want to screw around n not take it serious...love it"
76561198035461472,Recommended,502520,26707938,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,KlumsyK,YES! It is awesome. It is deep and awesome. Other strategy games are transparent and trivial but this is a sentient being.
,Recommended,502520,26642890,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Peursum,"Yes much much better, because the maps are much largers. So you actually have to think more about movement then before. Still can not beat scourge of war gettysburg.  But it is something new and fresh. And if you love civil war games you must have this one. Still EA so still more to come over time, that makes it even better for the price it is."
,Recommended,502520,26634407,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Nox,"If you loved, ultimate general gettysburg you will love this game. It is very polished for a early access game."
,Recommended,502520,26963112,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Myron_Wallace,"This is my first review on Steam and I simply cannot resist recommending this game to all history lover/civil war buff/RTS players.Basically this game is the best of Total War without all the flaws. Granted you cannot zoom into every soldier's face, but it provides the possibility of 100k vs. 100k battles, and thus ATTACK WAVES matter in a grand battle.Many people consider this game hard. I agree, but I must point out: a) It's still in early access, and many tweaks are anticipated from the devs, who are extremely active; b) The players may not understand many parts of the mechanics, since the game guide is still being written. Since the devs will address the two issues, difficulty should not be the reason to stop you from buying this game and support the devs to make this a masterpiece and produce more in the years to come."
,Recommended,502520,28047224,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"Put simply: The best American Civil War game ever made so far, and I have played almost all of them.   Amazing work by the  Devs!!!  Still in EA but HIGHLY playable and worth a purchase time now."
76561198025741125,Not Recommended,502520,30294479,Posted: 3 March,all,Inegaard,"There seems to be something wrong with a few things.Artillery: Does nothing at long to medium range.Morale: When I charge even though I heavily out number the enemy my troops break. When the AI charges, my troops break. Doesn't seem balanced.And why am I so heavily out numbered in the FIRST mission on the easiest level? Why so steep learning curve? I lose interest quite fast in this game because of the unballance."
76561198071276039,Not Recommended,502520,30329907,Posted: 4 March,all,Matches,"I actually really like this game...  It IS fun and it's super cool that you can buy diff weapons/cannons for your troops and what not.The ONLY game mechanic that completely drives me insane, is that it PUNISHES you for doing good.  Lets say your 3 missions in, and you've been decent.  You field 3 - 4 infantry and you'll go up against roughly double the units.That same mission and you've done WELL fielding 6-7 infantry and 2 artillery, you'll go up against TRIPLE the units and DOUBLE the artillery.So the better you do, the more you'll fight/lose and it no longer becomes a game of doing good/bad and progression.  It becomes a game of memorizing what missions put you up against ect ect.  oh this mission..  2 infantry and i'll only have to fight this."
,Recommended,502520,26638716,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,The Grand Strategy Nerd,"A great sequel to Ultimate General: Gettysburg. UGCW brings back a lot of the same mechanics from UGG but adds to the features. You can now send out skirmishers from your Infantry divisions and Dismount your Cavalry divisions. The maps look beautiful and the attention to historical detail is astounding.The biggest Con I have right now is that you can't save while you're on the map. At all. There are other drawbacks, as Game-Labs has removed the terrain elevation lines from UGG in favor of switching between overhead and isometric views of the battlefield to gauge elevation. However, these views do not offer the best view to determine subtle changes in elevation which contribute to LOS and the effectiveness of artillery.Overall this is a very good product to buy right now in Early Access. Need to see gameplay? Just watch below (WARNING: May contain Historical Facts)https://youtu.be/bmQZKrvExfY"
76561197994812200,Not Recommended,502520,30112974,Posted: 22 February,all,BeingDS,"Very frustrating. Units in this game DO NOT do as they are told. They shuffle back and forth endlessly, pivoting around getting flanked rather than lining up as ordered. Pathing is awful, facing is broken. Most of the time they're doing their own thing and your strategy never gets carried out.The Space key is supposed to issue a ""hold"" order. Yeah. Ha ha. More like ""pause for about 3 seconds and then keep doing whatever you want"".And here I thought Total War games could be frustrating. Yikes. I want my $30 back until this mess is fixed."
,Not Recommended,502520,28418329,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,[Q]wik,"So I started out loving this game. I played some historical battles such as Gaines Mill which was quite fun. Then I tried the campaign. Now, the first few battles are amazingly wonderfully fun. You get to build your army, get new weapons, blah blah blah. And then the real battles start to kick in.Now I was playing easy mode because, well, I had just bought the game and I didn't know the mechanics very well. And to be honest - I got ♥♥♥♥♥ slapped by the AI. And it's not because I'm new to these types of games. I literally have almost every Total War Game and I have hundreds of hours on them.Each battle sorta goes like this: ""Well, I feel pretty good. The rebs are advancing and I got my arty pounding on em. I think I'll win.""""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ That was close. Just got charged by the rebs but I'm all repgrouped now and I got reinforcements to aid me. I still have a good chance.""""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. WhErE TeH ♥♥♥♥ DiD 18,000 MoRe rEbS cOmE fRoM.""And this has been the past 5 battles for me. And I know you can't win all of them, but when you're completely outgunned and outmanned by a 2:1 ratio, it really gets to you. I hope they fix this issue because the ideal strategy game is one where the AI makes you work for your victory and actually requires you use your brain. This one, however, just makes you sit and stare at the computer for half an hour watching your men get shot up sitting in the same damn location forever. And then they break and flee. It's not like total war where you have complex manouvers of moving up skirmishers and postitioning arty and making cav charges to the flanks. The troops are slow moving and it's unbearable."
76561198041627728,Not Recommended,502520,28239035,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,cabraham3,"Controls are fine but AI won’t follow them as accurately as needed in tight engagements. Flanking system is a little off but will be an easy fix. Timed on getting to many objectives so I felt rushed a lot of the time. Your troops can’t cover the large maps quick enough to reach objectives and fight so you will be forced into bad fights with exhausted troops. No matter how badly you beat the enemy they outnumber you the next engagement, which if you’re the south is more accurate just unforgiving. Not bad to look at or play one of the untimed missions, just going to deal with the rush to get places even if you are soundly beating enemy and the objective is no longer a pressing issue.If you do want to try it there are definitely set formulas that you must follow in the beginning or you will be out gunned and outnumbered.That said I can’t recommend it to new players or players that like to take their time and kill everything, as even on easy you will be pressed. On hard all I can say is wow, won many fights but objectives where rough with time limits."
,Recommended,502520,28261203,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Anarhija,Nice game
76561197980632492,Recommended,502520,28364726,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Berowe,"Caveat: Original review was negative. I am tentatively recommending the game until I figure out if the Fredericksburg patch does all that it says.Original Review:This is a tough review due to wanting this game to succeed.It is a fun game for short periods, but not recommended until campaign battles have long-term effects. As-is, all that matters is maintaining the size of your force rather than destroying the enemy or taking objectives.In its current state the main draw of the game (campaign) is broken--it alternates between being too easy and placing you in frustrating situations due to buggy force ratios and inflexible battle scripting. Will adjust review if it's improved upon. As a fan of strategy/RTS/and the time period, I recommend waiting until they're further along with this (assuming they follow through with promises)."
76561198093753943,Recommended,502520,26652141,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,millerpsc88,Absolutely amazing. You have done the impossible and created a Civil War game that has RPG elements. I'm very happy with the game
,Recommended,502520,32261070,Posted: 7 June,all,dukejason,I enjoy this game and recommend  this game to any hardcore rts player.The company that createdthis title is supporting this game bigtime. Its just a great adventure with rts and rpg elements.
,Recommended,502520,32266961,Posted: 8 June,all,Saxopi,"With the overpowered AI problems actively being resolved I can genuinely recommend this game now. Fun, challenging game with devs that treat their customers right. A must have for every RTS fan."
76561198062979969,Recommended,502520,32279572,Posted: 8 June,all,EleventyOne,This game is absolutely fantastic. The only complaint I had was AI scaling through the campaign. Every battle felt like fighting a new army. With the 0.90 patch I feel like casualities are much more accurately reflected in each battle. Love it.
76561197984754674,Recommended,502520,33257865,Posted: 4 July,all,rd082298,I have Gettysburg and loved that but this game blows it away.  The battles are intense and your reputation means everything.  I bought it during the Steam sale and it is worth every penny!
76561198005552780,Recommended,502520,28248284,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,ordoxenosraven,"Time to put on your big boy pants!  Everything I learned in Total War did not prepare me for what lay ahead.  I found this game to be very refreshing and challenging.  Total War fan or ACW buff, I recommend this game!  Plus, the price, makes it a great bargain."
76561197986564754,Recommended,502520,28240630,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Afghanicus,"Update: And just like that the points I wanted fixed regarding AI progression and scaling are fixed... stop reading and buy thisStarted playing and couldn't stop. Campaign mode really sets the game apart and makes me care about the soldiers lives more. I would like an expasion of the perk system, maybe earned perks(traits) as well as selectable perks to further distinguish the various battalions.The AI in general is very clever and provides an excellent challenge! The UI is clear and concise (total war esque) however at 4k res I would like ability to scale it up as I miss messages and distinguishing which regiments need attention during the 60 unit 100k aside battles is challenging.My only gripe is that the enemy army scales to your best equipment which made me want to ""game"" the system and overall doesn't make sense (confederates having top of the line cannon and rifles for everyone).  While the union army was overal uniform it would be nice for the confederates to be able to mix equipment with the stats maybe averaging (except range) allowing units to progress as you capture better equipment. Waiting for 2000+ rifles of X variety is kind of a pain, and realistically troops could pick up a rifle and carry on.Overall, keep'em coming fantastic work!Depite being early access I expirienced no bugs or crashes."
76561198125180638,Recommended,502520,28637007,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,temujin17s18,"One of my favorite games of all time was Civil War Generals II. This is like an updated version of that, and I couldn't be happier. It's complex but not unweildy, dynamic, the AI is challenging but not impossible. There are upgrades and basic economics but with the focus on strategic combat where it should be. Overall very happy with this game and can't wait for future updates. It does have a few things missing, like the ability to group units more easily, but overall an awesome game for RTS fans and Civil War enthusiasts"
,Recommended,502520,28636941,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Space Ghost,My friend recommended it to me. It's a REALLLY good game!
76561198024259096,Recommended,502520,28843075,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,dumais11,"As a massive Civil War buff, I've been dying for a great Civil War game, and now it's finally come. I cannot express how addicting this game is, as I've absolutely latched onto it since I bought it on Christmas Day. I especially love the control you have over your army in camp mode, as it allows you to specialize your army how you want it, and certain builds could alter the course of your campaign. I would recommend this game to anyone who loves strategy games and anyone who loves this time period. 10/10"
,Recommended,502520,28877009,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DasH,"Amazing, Brilliant, what else is there to say, i purchased the 1st ultimate General and had no hesitation taking this one, dont know too much about the ACW but have read a bit on it, history wise maybe not 100% but i want to play a game that is entertaining and fairly accurate and this is it.I would have been happy to pay more.Just Brilliant :-)"
,Recommended,502520,28251326,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,2Pac-Man,"One of the best strategy games since Total War! Fresh, new feeling to strategy games. There is no ""conquest"" map. You lead a single army, not a nation, and how you use that army determines your outcome. Mistakes on the battlefield in Ultimate General far supersecede mistakes made on the battlefield in Total War. If your army is destoryed in the battle, you can't just make another army or 10 and win in mass, it's game over. 5 Stars!"
76561198024902731,Recommended,502520,29483631,Posted: 25 January,all,iceman_63,"So far a very rewarding game. Much better than Gettysburg, which was too restrictive to provide lasting entertainment. However, there are a number of points that certainly could be improved:1. Difficulty: Even for a relatively experienced RTS gamer, the level of difficulty for the campaign is excessively challenging. Sometimes due to overwhelming enemy strength but in other circumstances due to (mysterious) buffs that the AI enjoys at the moment. For example, the Union first mission pools you against Confederate defensive position and reinforcement that arrives in an ironclad train with heavy artillery support. Your reinforcement arrives just in time to witness you overwhelmed by enemy numbers and the rest of the mission might see you retaking the town and (trying) to destroy the train with 6 pdr. Unnecessarily difficult (and imo unbalanced) mission.2. Bugs and imbalances. For an early access, bugs and unbalances would be rather an unavoidable thing so this is more of a reflection than complaint. So far, the most annoying bug would be the flanking and rear flanking penalties your troops suffer while manovering. This normally happens when your troops try to turn to face your enemy in an awkward manner. (I would say pathfinding is an issue here).3. Controls: Greatly improved over Gettysburg but some improvements may still be implemented. Firstly, movement by corps or divisions would be welcomed to allow long disance marching. Especially useful for reinforcements. Secondly, instead of making brigades ignore fire by default, it might be more convenient to provide an ignore fire option. Too many times I see brigades trying to march past enemy position and suffer constant flanking fires till the brigade is decimated just because a previous order asks them to move a few meters more. This behaviour is neither realistic (I dun imagine the union or confederates to be so disciplined and selflessly recklessly bold) nor helpful for gamers.Otherwise, the game is extremely value for money. A must buy! Thank you for the good game."
76561198129388467,Recommended,502520,29613761,Posted: 31 January,all,davidmora100,"A very good game for this type, fluid and fun. Looking forwad to playing the full game.A good expansion would be to add the diplomacy and economy aspects to make a complete strategy game giving the player a full historical approach of this war."
76561198009947707,Recommended,502520,29751783,Posted: 6 February,all,Bobo the Third,"If you like strategy games, this game is pretty great.  I generally dislike gun combat in these types of games, the last game I played with such style was Total War Empire, and Shogun 2 Fall of the Samurai.  When you initially start, the game can be a bit confusing,   I had issues understanding the exact mechanics of flankly and melee.  However once getting over the basic hump, it becomes very fun very fast.You control your army makeup, you control your armory, you control pretty much everything.  Very good game.The few gripes I have with it is the, thus far, limited campaign and the way units route.  Routing units tend to simply go off on their own and die trapped in a corner.  Another issue is that the unit sizes don't accurately represent their numbers.  Now granted, if they did it would likely harsher tech requirements.If you got the money, and if you are fine dealing with an early release (a relatively good one, though) it's fantastic.  There is nothing better than holding the line against the Feds as you hope to christ your morale holds, or forming a brigade of skirmishers armed with long range rifles to flank the hell out of the enemy line."
76561198008841997,Recommended,502520,29551602,Posted: 28 January,all,ClayMoore-TPF-,Very polished for an early access game
76561198006631352,Recommended,502520,28379734,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,cad,"Very good game, lots of fun.The campaign system is great and even on normal difficulty it can be a chalange."
,Recommended,502520,27710511,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sluipkots,"It is a very nice gaem. It also has moments where you're like ""whoa"" which is quite positive."
76561198006644191,Recommended,502520,26645928,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Myshkin,An unexpected gem. Combines deep tactics with an abstract strategic layer that makes the game more rich. Beautiful to watch too.AI is not that bad. Did I mention I lost on my first run on moderate victory?
76561198035497266,Recommended,502520,26648386,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Seraph,"Very fun so far. I love the customization of your army. You can choose how large your divisions are, how well equiped, what type of divison, who commands them, what they are called, if they will replenish with veterans or rookies, etc. Really makes your army one of a kind. I also suspect that there will be high replayablity since there's so many ways to play and there's both a full union and confederate campaign. It explains very little about the game but you catch on very quickly. Definetly needs some work until it's a finished product, but it's far, far more finished than most early access games. I have only encountered one minor bug and it was a temporary graphical glitch. If you like strategy games than this is a must buy."
,Recommended,502520,28820276,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Horus,"Probably the best strategy game out there. Really unforgiving. Hard to learn, harder to master."
,Recommended,502520,28815749,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Tyrant of Troy,"This is a great game! I don't know why people are saying it is too hard. It is accurate, and gives a real sense of the back and forth of a battle. You get out what you put in, and numerical superiority means nothing against a mobile force that can pin and manoeuvre to their enemy's flank. Expecting to be able to just charge an enemy regiment and win is nonsense. the campaigh mode gives a lot of depth, with a varied weapon selection and officer promotion. It's a great upgrade from Gettysburg. Buy it!"
76561198012821328,Recommended,502520,32997711,Posted: 29 June,all,The Unfettered,"The deep tactical experience (further expanded with things like the ability to break off skirmishers from any infantry unit!) and beautiful battle maps I instantly came to love about the original, plus an ongoing campaign in which you have to make your troops and supplies count, enemy units can surrender to you, and more. I absolutely love it."
76561198091767462,Recommended,502520,28805247,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,stonewall59,Very cool game. Cant wait for more updates to continue the Campaign past Fredricksburg.
76561198003983369,Recommended,502520,28804065,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Tim 2k9,"this game is amazing, reminds me of Kessen on the play station, if you like total war series its worth gettin especially if you like the american civil war era!"
76561198157025808,Recommended,502520,28791308,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,marsyoung050794,"simply this game is legit playable and if there is a multiplayer mode in the future, it would make this game 10 out of 10!"
76561198045431391,Recommended,502520,34118986,Posted: 8 August,all,murse2010,"I've really enjoyed this game so far.  I'm into 1864 and have won every battle but Shiloh.  The army organization is a great feature and I really enjoy the scale of the battles.HOWEVER, I thought there was some glitch or mode I didn't play correctly when I didn't go to Washington after a major victory at Antietam or Gettysburg.  Instead I'm fighting still very large union armies (despite inflicting significant casualty ratios) at Laurel Hill and Cold Harbor now with dwindling resources of my own.  There needs to be some sort of victory path to Washington earlier if you're going to include the option of Southern offensive battles.Also, I would love a PVP mode, where you could battle your friend online in a historical or custom battle.  Other than that, I think this is a great game.  Definitely give it a 8/10."
76561197971942239,Recommended,502520,34161566,Posted: 10 August,all,Jasper,"Great game. It's fun to lead and watch your armies walk across a gorgeous terrain. You're required to be very thoughtful on overall strategy. The campaigns have a lot of content.I personally could have benefited from a little more explaination about certain game mechanics, but not a significant blocker."
,Recommended,502520,34172656,Posted: 11 August,all,XP-Chael,"This game has given me a satisfaction I haven't had in rts/war games since my first experience with PC games ~1984 with 'The Ancient Art of War,' my purchase of the original 'Close Combat' game released in 1996 and then 'Combat Mission' & 'Total War' in 2000."
76561198007605918,Recommended,502520,33233339,Posted: 4 July,all,Tony Montana,"Awesome game, i really like it....."
,Recommended,502520,33136533,Posted: 2 July,all,CheapP,"While the game isn't as expansive on some things that total war, for example, does, this game has focused pretty heavily on the battles and it shows. Battles are difficult, gruelling and a lot of fun. The attention to detail and  army customization is great, and I really liked that the battles have objectives instead of just 'drive the enemy from the field'. Bit of a steep learning curve but once you get the hang of it, great deal of fun."
76561198038672272,Recommended,502520,33174492,Posted: 3 July,all,AlexSF,Absolutly great and I have played a LOT of wargames in my life. Yes the game is hard but that's why I love it.Great graphics but most inportant is that army management and officers is very well done and together with brigades experience progression it makes you really attached to your army as a whole. Many other  positive aspects of the game are well described by other comments anyway.The only little minus would be the sound effects used in the game. Would be nice to have more;  sound of drums for instance. Some flags and different uniforms too maybe. It's a pre-release so hopefully the game will be more polished in that aspect. Still a no-brainer buy anyway.
76561198008261630,Recommended,502520,33220610,Posted: 4 July,all,radwyn,"Best Civil war battle simulation available, I enjoy it a lot. Would love even more maps and battles."
,Recommended,502520,33183837,Posted: 3 July,all,Longshankz,"If you enjoy watching thousands of virtual soldiers go through the meat grinder like I do. Then you will love this game. Graphics are not the best, but it makes up for it with solid gameplay and decent AI."
76561198038079571,Recommended,502520,33216851,Posted: 3 July,all,suncat,Incredible game!
,Recommended,502520,33220607,Posted: 4 July,all,Dang Hunk,Definitely the best civil war game out there
76561198077596725,Recommended,502520,32987243,Posted: 29 June,all,najh8811,"Just keeps getting better with every patch. If you like the civil war, and you like a bit of a challenge, and you accept that in games as well as life you win some and lose some, then this is the game for you. That moment where you must decide whether to thin your line and reach for the flanks, hoping the enemy doesn't break through before you get there; or when you have run out of terrain and must slug it out face to face or pull back and hope the foe overextends into a crossfire.This game 'tactics'!"
,Recommended,502520,34202487,Posted: 12 August,all,Smokems,"Think Empire Total War without the horrible AI and bugs. This is seriously one of the best strategy games I've played all year.  Lots of depth and one hell of a challenge, especially when playing as the CSA.  The line battles are unreal, and the graphics are breathtaking. I look forward to more titles and DLC from this group. Keep em coming!"
,Recommended,502520,29864610,Posted: 11 February,all,Gunznbuttaz,"Just started playing it so I'll update my review as my first campaign continues then on into my second one when I switch sides. I started as Union and the game so far is amazing. I've been looking for a Civil War game of this caliber for a long, long, time and I think I may have finally found it. After I make it through the campaign I'll give it an update but for an earl access game it seems to be all there as far as I can tell with my limited number of hours so far. If it continues to get support, updates, and added features like the develper is promising and has done so far then it's a no brainer. That is the tricky part about early access though, something can be going great one month and then nothing for another year so only time will tell. This does seem to have the potential to be the best Civil War game of all time though if given the attention it deserves so on that basis alone I would say to support the devs and buy it just in the hope that they do the right thing and have the ambition to go for it because if I as a player can tell that greatness exists in this title they certainly must be able to feel it themselves. I can only hope that all the pieces come together, if they do this is one of those games that will have thousands of hours of replayability so on that note.... Till next time.Edit: Right now the game is almost unplayable due to balancing issues. The opposing force whether Union or Rebel always has superior numbers and no matter how much man power you throw at them they come back full strength the very next battle while your army actually suffers from losses sustained throughout the campaign. This game has the potential to be amazing it just needs to be balanced or army size needs to be reduced to around the same number each battle but either way something needs to give right now it is just an excercise in futility.Re-edit: 6/7/17  Latest patch seems to have fixed the balancing issue and adding much more in terms of features and replaybility. The devs actually listened to the constructive criticism and used the feedback to improve their game. It is a minor miracle in the world of pc gaming and a true testament to the character and devotion of these devs to their game. There is some love being put into this title and it shows. They have my loyalty and I would recommend you give them yours as well."
76561198006630081,Recommended,502520,34233504,Posted: 14 August,all,Stelteck,The game is really amazing. I did 20hours on the union campaign and i'am only at the end of 1862.The battle are intense and well balanced. The model easy to use and it is amazing to see our little soldier fighting.I highly recommand it.
76561198027275122,Recommended,502520,35224063,Posted: 26 September,all,Rolvaag,"I really like this game. It has a deep quartermaster aspect to it as you need to resupply your men, equip them with better arms, budget, and recruit new men.I do wish the battles allowed for more player strategy as the campaign battles are scripted to be historically accurate and you can find that your strategy needs to be completely readjusted when the game moves to the next phase of the battle.I'd also love to see a multiplayer option where you can command your armies against other players. That would be awesome.All in all it's a really good Civil War strategy game. If you liked Sid Meier's games back in the day, you'll enjoy this one."
76561198102716584,Recommended,502520,26696938,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Techcop,"Great game, lots of fun.The campaign is a bit short as of right now but this game is in early access. Hope they are going to add more battles soonUpdate after the games gone live:They continue to add new content i've spent over 600 hours on this game and it's great, maybe on of my favorite games of all time"
76561198126423483,Recommended,502520,35190451,Posted: 24 September,all,[GB] chefvolas,great game best ive played in long time . took a while to get use to battle controls . but hten it was great . they should do a american revelution game in same format .
,Recommended,502520,35323705,Posted: 29 September,all,MonsieurFreeze,One of the greatest RTS I have played and I have played many!
,Recommended,502520,35259587,Posted: 28 September,all,fire003,Great strategic and realistic gameplay. Never seen anything like it before in any other RTS games
76561198418870356,Recommended,502520,35396902,Posted: 1 October,all,zackhutcheson31,"Great game. Very intriquite and quite hard, but I LOVE the strategy!"
76561198008562603,Recommended,502520,35140703,Posted: 22 September,all,kickinwing77,"I perfer RTS/Grand Strategy/Base Builder games that allow for a large amount of replayability.Which is why i was hesitant to pick up something that clearly did not have the level of replayability compared to a CIV 5, Paradox game, or Total War game.I'm glad I did! While it is on rails when compared to my usual taste in games, it offers a superb level of immersion that allows for alot of replayability.I can happily recommend this game to anyone whoms tastes in games sound similar to mine. Dont let the narrow(er) focus of the game scare you off. This one is a winner. And inbetween battles, there is tons of fiddly micromanagement* to be done if that kind of thing tickles your pickle.*I've spent a few hours and sheets of notebook paper drafting my perfect army compositions inbetween battle. This amount of time is not typical or required inbetween battles (spreadsheets are fun and dont let anyone tell you otherwise).P.S, Needs Mod/Workshop support for the game to last through the ages, however as i understand that wont be coming due to limitations with the game engine (citation needed). Dont quote me on this.P.P.S Some people are upset there is no multiplayer, I'm not, i dont have friends. Problem solved.P.P.P.S My BIGGEST gripe so far. I cannot find up to date detailed information on various things/mechanics in the game. Guides almost all outdated. Renedering them little more use than virtual paperweights. I desperately want to min max this game, but some aspects are either hidden within the game engine, or changed too much from when the game first released, to be accurate."
,Recommended,502520,35139872,Posted: 22 September,all,MartinWarrrior,"It was good for those who like to invest in pre-made historiaclly accurate battles. For custom battles, only customization of your own troops is availible. The enemy will still have the same amount of troops and will utilize them. Unlike the total war series, you cannot create your own battles by customizing both your armies and the opponents armies.Sound of battle is fantastic. Visuals are quite nice, sadly you cannot zoom in that much to see troop detail, nor can you rotate the camera."
,Recommended,502520,33710708,Posted: 21 July,all,PhanTOMMM,"Never really write reviews, I love strategy games but this has topped some of the best games I've played before, Still not even halfway through my first playthrough, so much to learn, you get attached to your units and when you lose a unit you really feel it as you've been through so many battles with them. Honestly love this game!"
,Recommended,502520,33686347,Posted: 20 July,all,jzachar1,"I really enjoy this game! The battle mechanics make sense, the AI actually reacts to what you do, and you can build your army in a way that suits your playstyle. I can't wait to see what this developer does next."
76561197965395077,Recommended,502520,28909430,Posted: 1 January,all,MoDan,"This is awesome.  If the Total War series goes into the 19th and 20th century, they need to do it like this!This game is challenging, fun, and addictive.If you love the Civil War period and love real time strategy, this is for you.  Hell, if you love strategy at all, this is for you."
76561197984081869,Recommended,502520,29192479,Posted: 11 January,all,Beren,"I really love the Army managment in this game. You get so attached to your Brigades and their Officers. I love it when games give me the possibility to rename units, i only wish i could rename the Divisions in my Corps too.My dream game would be a Total War like campagne with this sort of army managment.Before this game i was very cautious with my Units in stratetgy games. If a unit lost just a few guys i was mad. Now im used to send units in the meatgrinder, so its a good learning game for that :)The only thing im not to fond of is the scaling which purpose i understand (and its EA so it will be worked on) and the complicated controlls for skirmishers."
76561198038304078,Recommended,502520,28879225,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Hannibal,"I do not write many reviews but this one must be reviewed,I was amazed by how well the game plays great graphics, gameplay and I think if it progressed this will be one of the greatest RTS games I have played, does it need few tweeks YES but great work keep it up DEV team,"
76561198157714097,Recommended,502520,28283300,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Lord_Malacrat,"Im not very good at writing reviews and i dont do them often but man i had to for this game, sure the graphics arent flashy, sure it needs some work here and there (it is early access) but man i love the concept of this game. The managment aspect of this game combined with the combat is quite fun, the fact that i can equip my units with specific weapons is awesome i love being able to choose what weapons they use this lets me decide if i wanna a huge army with weapons so cheap they might as well throw rocks or do i want a smaller but more advanced army with advanced weaponary (no not lasers) i will however say this game wont appeal to everyone, if u like strategy games id suggest you check it out (maybe after early access if u hate early access)tl;dr guns go boom boom me have fun fun u buy buy if like strategyjust to note the game can be a bit slow at times, make use of that fast forward button"
76561198119528816,Recommended,502520,28520174,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,☭Aníbal Mílhaís☭,This game is amazing they did so much better for this one i love the fact i can create my own genereal and lead my own troops select equipment create new brigades replenish fallen soldiers with rookies or veterans this system is awsome 10x better than gettysburg
,Recommended,502520,28888104,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,theohn,"First real civil war game sence Grant, Lee, Sherman: Civil War Generals 2 from seira in 1997."
76561198021788490,Recommended,502520,28418464,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Arizona Bob,"I rarely write reviews unless I love or loathe a game, and this is one of the former.Absolutely outstanding game so far.  Even though it's in early access I've only encountered one serious bug and it wasn't in any way game breaking (got a defeat for a skirmish when I had fulfilled the victory conditions).  I played through the currently available Union campaign missions in around 20 hours, including a few battle do-overs when I goofed.  Combat is simple to pick up but still fairly in-depth.I love the army management between battles, which is something I've missed since the old Sierra Games' Robert E Lee Civil War General series.  It's very well done.  By carefully hoarding my men and avoiding messy defeats in 1st & 2nd Bull Run and the Peninsula campaign I was able to outnumber Lee 2:1 at Antietam, where I crushed him outright.There are a few minor features I'd like to see added for flavor and depth, but to be honest the game is pretty much mechanically complete.  It just needs the rest of the battles, which are steadily being rolled out with early access updates.  I paid $30 and feel it was $30 well spent.  I've gotten $30 worth of entertainment out of UGCW already, so the rest will be a pleasant bonus."
76561198007373034,Recommended,502520,28493258,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Andre Bolkonsky,"The game is going to be a monster when it's done, but it's important when reading these reviews to remember it's still early access.The game is more than playable, but all the bells and whistles and all the maps are not done yet. Having said that, it's a quantum leap forward in wargame simulations that has the feel of Avalon Hill but is going to be seamless in its ability to put an army in the field in real time.The game is based on tabletop miniatures with the computer doing all the measuring and dice rolling. The front part of the game are specific Civil War battles, with richly detailed maps, and fixed Orders of Battle that gamers can use to replay specific battles.The back half is a very rich 'Camp' experience. The developers provide all the factors that went into putting a Brigade in the field; political, economic, military training, and most important, armaments. The player has a WIDE array of weapons and unit builds with which he can custom tailor his army and put precisely the instrument he wants and can afford onto each specific battlefield. You will understand why McClellan hesitated before throwing his beautifully trained army into the fray.Right now, it's a very good game. Watching the enhancements roll out as they march toward full release of the game, it's going to be outstanding before they are done."
76561197972390711,Recommended,502520,28494095,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,WhiteFish,Solid game. It's only been in early access for a month and it's more polished than any other early access game I've seen on here. Good on the devs for using early access in the spirit for which it's intended. This is how you do it.Can't wait for the full campaign.
76561198023548511,Recommended,502520,34112911,Posted: 8 August,all,SilentSword,"Love this game, easy to pick up and learn, i wish there were more games like this where you can choose what units and weapons you can buy and your units gain perks as your leaders level up would be epic if the had whole map of america and you could put your armies in states and take over the map or defend your territories  for weapons and manpower, maybe im asking too much but we can all dream, definetly a thumbs up from me and will be looking keenly to see what you produce in the future"
76561198007815728,Recommended,502520,34088625,Posted: 7 August,all,Biotic,"Excellent game, more then worth its price."
76561198049391306,Recommended,502520,26636290,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,mister.hister,Biiiig improvement over Ultimate General Gettysburg. Make yourself a favor and get it.
,Recommended,502520,28093876,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Beautancus,"Am far from afraid of wading directly into an early access game and having myself a fine old time, but just from the 12.8 hours I've put into it over the past two weeks I can tell that this game is going to be a real gem once it's (even) more feature rich.  The subtleties in design mechanics are something to behold, truly, and it is very easy to get lost agonizing over them for some time - the hallmark of a proper good strategy game in my mind.  American Civil War history buffs and/or nerds will come to appreciate the depth of experience that the Grand Campaign is going to bring in ways that few other teams have yet attempted and accomplished.  I cannot highly enough recommend this game to fans of the genre, you will almost certainly find yourselves as impressed with Ultimate General as I have.Special Note and all that said (up to and at this point in development), I'd sacrifice a whole pantheon of just nigh forgotten deities for the ability to rotate the camera.  Dunno how possible this is, but it'd seriously make my day."
76561198008608002,Recommended,502520,26636187,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Frater Ambrosius,"With a ton of improvements over the previous game, UG: Civil War is totally worth it.It has Iron Clads!"
76561198007797042,Recommended,502520,34298595,Posted: 16 August,all,( TWD)thunderbird,The Best War Game I have in my library
76561198054710922,Recommended,502520,34032258,Posted: 5 August,all,Heial,This game is 2 addicting and amazing at the same time just get it if you love rts's
76561198272970797,Recommended,502520,34302784,Posted: 17 August,all,NaNa30005,"Top 5 fav games of all time I love this game, very worth the buy if you like historical RTS's."
76561198052950955,Recommended,502520,34688527,Posted: 2 September,all,HATEALLYALL,"With over 140 some hours in this game it sure is a lot of fun. I never get tired of it and still play the historical battles and campaigns over and over. As a advid civil war nerd and reenactor I like finding the brigades that my reenacting unit as well as my actual ancestors were in while playing the battles. Even if you do not partically fancy the American Civil War, this game would also be enjoyable for those who just like military history and strategy games. 10/10. I hope they keep adding more battle and maybe even add a map maker mode or workshop."
76561198080322851,Recommended,502520,33873474,Posted: 28 July,all,Bones Jackson,"Sid Meier's Gettysburg was one of my favorite games as a kid. This feels and plays like a modern version of that classic, with interesting army management elements and crisp gameplay. I am really enjoying this game!"
76561198012162240,Recommended,502520,33869749,Posted: 28 July,all,VonZander,This is a great game. It reminds me of Civil War Generals 2 in a lot of ways. Instead of turn based movements it is all real time. I feel like this makes it more realistic and a bit more enjoyable. I have been looking for a game like this for a long time I'm so happy I found it. Great game.
76561197983373520,Recommended,502520,35012699,Posted: 16 September,all,ManRammer,"This game was all I wanted from a US Civil War title. Meaning fast, maniacal CoD action with really fast TTK (Time To Kill). Totally. Or just an intense, beast mode strategy game with very interesting macro game play mechanics and army management :DAlso, for indepth feel for the game, read ""Company Aytch"" by civil war veteran Samuel R. Watkins."
76561198066136010,Recommended,502520,29041253,Posted: 5 January,all,danopkt,"If you're into strategy games and have an interest in history. this game is a really enjoyable experience. It has some issues that detract from the gameplay currently, but those are overshadowed by how awesome the other pieces of the game are.Pros:On the whole, the battles themselves play well. It maintains a pretty good level of difficulty throughout, as long as the AI doesn't do anything too wonky. On the whole though, it does a good job of recreating the historical battles and creating a lot of tense moments in the process.The battles look and sound awesome, it does a good job of creating an authentic-feeling experienceWhile a bit cumbersome at times to do, structuring your army any way you please is pretty cool.It's pretty rewarding to see your units become more veteran, better equipped, and generally more powerful over time. I started caring about my units a lot more than I have in other games, since I didn't want my prized elite units to get wiped out. The various perks that you get to select for each unit, along with the equipment options, do bring some interesting additional gameplay combinations too.Cons:The enemy AI can be a bit brain-dead at times. I've seen it completely give up on attacking a VP with little time remaining to chase a cavalry brigade. I've seen it wheel a brigade in front of mine several times to deal with a minor threat that caused an immediate route. I've seen it attack piecemeal with individual units, or only use a small portion of their force to defend a crucial VP while several brigades stand idly by. I'm hoping the AI will improve during early access, because I think these are correctable issues, but it definitely needs some work.I've had a lot of trouble with the AI doing silly things with my units too. There's an issue on the Malvern Hill map that can cause Union units to retreat through enemy lines, where they get obliterated. I've also had issues with artillery magically making its way in front of my line or units repositioning themselves under heavy fire, leading to them being routed.The enemy army scaling with the size of yours takes quite a bit of fun out of things. I understand the devs do it to keep things challenging as you go, but it feels pretty frustrating to obliterate the enemy in one battle, only to be faced with overwhelming odds in the next battle. There are some issues too where depending on how you structure your army, the scaling can really bite you hard, so it really makes having a small group of extremely veteran units, sprinkled with some rookie cannon fodder, a dominant strategy.There are still some random bugs in there that can be frustrating at times, like when my retinue of reserve officers suddenly disappeared when I went to look at the details of a battle, then went back to camp. I'm hoping most of those will get sorted out in Early Access though.Despite the shortcomings, I highly recommend this game."
76561198054210584,Recommended,502520,28950386,Posted: 2 January,all,Nummy,"I like this game, it has a lot of potential and depth.First to point out, it is not only strategy game, but also game about logstics and planning. Winning battrles gives you money and some credit points with government which you then spend to buy officers, weapons and other stuff. Having some good brigades can tip scale any battle in your favour very fast. For example I bought the most expensive sniper rifles for my 400 men skirmishers brigade, with which I then killed over 3000 enemy soldiers in next battle while only lost about 30 men in brigade. Sometimes it is even good to have some ""cannon fodder"" brigades which can soak some altillery fire while you move you units to flank enemy or just to snipe their most precious units.Game needs a little more polishing, but overall, I'm very pleased with purchase. Good graphics and good battles, some of them even head scratching :)"
,Recommended,502520,33821415,Posted: 26 July,all,crom,Simply Fantastic -  This is the game I've wanted to be made since Sid Meier's Gettysburg was released in 1997.  20 years was well worth the wait as this game goes well beyond my expectations.  Best part is that this game is maintained by one of the great indie devs in this particular genre.  I predict many hours playing every possible angle.  72 hours in and feel like I have barely scratched the surface.    Love testing unusual battle formations against the very good A.I.
76561198122645088,Recommended,502520,33616608,Posted: 17 July,all,Jon7088,"Fun game, also requires a lot of thinking and strategy. A great game for people who enjoy tactical games"
76561198021630797,Recommended,502520,33755967,Posted: 23 July,all,Hart,So far it is everything that it was promised to be...
76561198008149741,Recommended,502520,34441206,Posted: 23 August,all,superbobrik,"This is 100/100 product. The ideal example of how early access should be done. Everyone is used to the thing that you buy early access and then developers just become lazy as hell and work on a project for years, delivering strange updates.Here we got different situation, at the start of early access we got really stable game with not so much maps, but the thing is that maps are so balanced and accurate, tested for so long, that I usually ended the current content and like next week or two received a new update.This all started from ultimate general gettysburg, where developers tested lots of things, they actually prepared a base for Civil war. Ofc there were lots of tweaks and even, as i remember, new engine, but that was the first step and that was amazing.Now, to the game. It is amazing. I was a fan of Total war series, but now it is difficult for me to play  it just because of its fast paced battles and I think only napoleon and shogun 2 are still great for me. Civil war sets high level of game design and AI. AI is just great. This is the game where you may spend 3 hours attempting one mission, and then yousee that you have to fully replay it because even if you won, you got so little troops left that you will be destroyed next battle. You have to think in that game, really really think. And I love this game for it.I almost finished game for confederace and union on middle difficulty and now trying to move on with union on maximum legendary difficulty and I have to say that AI is better, it is stronger and it is a real competition. 200+ hours is a game and it is stil great fun. Keep up great job, guys, and I really hope to see Kutuzon vs Napoleon title.For now this is the most difficult, challenging, beautiful and amazing tactical strategy created.The main thing is lenght of battles, imagine spending 2-3 hours on battle, that is just great)"
76561198070135150,Recommended,502520,34757543,Posted: 5 September,all,casperthegm,"Super addictive game.There are three levels of difficulty, and while that may seem like not a huge deal, it really is.The easiest level allows those who like the quick action of moving pieces around the battle field and diving into battle; Quick action, fun action that requires some decision making on your part, without having to really dive into the micro-management aspect that might otherwise turn them off.The mid-range difficulty setting will require considerably more attention to detail regarding preparation and in-battle management.  Lots more of hitting the pause button during battle to make sure your units are positioned properly.  Once one of your units gets routed things can snowball quickly, so I find that hitting the pause button frequently, especially for larger battles, is a great benefit.  The downside, especially for those who favor point, click and let 'em fight style of play, is that it can get a little tedious to constantly pause the game.  I enjoy it, as it really lets you put your tactical skills to the test. But I can see how the frequent pausing can annoy some (or if they don't make adjustments, how they'll get frustrated with the AI's very competent moves).The most challenging level leaves you with less money and manpower, plus the AI is quite challenging.  You really need to make smart decisions in camp, where you decide on the weapons to supply your army, and again, on the battlefield you'll need to really, really pay attention to how the battle is playing out.  Right now I've got my hands full on the regular difficulty level. Those who master this level have my full respect.This is so much more than just a series of battles though.  As I touched on above, you'll have the option to choose the weapons (at a cost) to supply your infantry, cav, arty, and skirmishers.  And as you earn career points for victories you can use those points to improve things like politics, economy, medicine, etc.  Bottom line, you've got lots of options and how you prepare for upcoming battles does have a large impact on how those battles play out.I do wish that things were not quite so ""scripted"" as some others have mentioned.  It would be nice if there was a way to re-write history based on the outcome of the battles, or for us to split our armies up, and navigate in various directions(and have the AI have that same freedom, choosing where we want to attack next, or move to defend.  Also, the constant pausing on the more difficult settings in order to make sure your units are properly positioned may be a grind for some people, though I don't mind personally. Regardless, there is still a lot of replay value, as you learn, tweak your strategy and tactics, move up in difficulty level, or switch sides.Overall, I find this to be an outstanding, and after a few weeks, still very addictive game.  Highly recommended."
76561198036025670,Recommended,502520,28332184,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,wanderlustry,"Let me start off by saying this game is great overall and a blast to play. After buying it I basically did nothing else for the entire weekend and palyed about 30 hours within 2 days. The graphics, while not unbelievable, are suitably immersive and suit the overall flavor of the game very well. The sound design has some room for improvement. The AI plays well, using differnt tactics and positioning each time you play even druing the same mission, lending to replayaility. Leveling and experience are fun and exciting - if a bit unclear as to what stats practically do what. Overall, it's a great game that I see myself playing a lot in the near future, and eagerly await more content. While the game is currently early access I haven't run into any actual bugs or crashes. It feels very polished and plays like a dream. The only improvements I'd make would be minor gameplay tweaks and a little more instruction / help and story. Other than that, it plays far better than many games released by major studios as ""finished"". Well done.Pros:-Realistic historical battles are fun to play through as both sides, and trying different tactics each time is rewarding-Leveling, experience system is great, leaving you feeling as if you really are progressing and growing in veterancy over time.-The AI is challenging and far better than many other AIs-The game mechanics are pretty easy to understand after a few battles, and lend themselves to using lots of strategy, especially cover and positioning.Cons:-Cavalry (And skirmirshers as well) seems underpowered and only good for chasing down routing units, which often recompose before the cavalry can reach them and unleash a volley back at the cavalry which in turn routs your cavalry. It would be cool to see better playable tactics for cavalry, like more devastating charges or more ability to kite the enemy. As it stands I rarely find use for cavalry except capturing enemy supply and charging artillery from behind - and even this is often really risky for the cavalry. It just seems like it's rarely worth having a cavalry brigade compared to another infantry brigade.-Supply is a good mechanic, but in some battles or portions of battles you begin without a supply cart, so no matter how much you spend on it, it seems like at times it just depends on how the program decides to split your units up-The sound design for the camp screen has sounds at different volumes and of different quality leading to a somewhat inconsistent feel-Sometimes objectives are a little unclear, and the map is too zoomed in to see what is where. Additionally, the timers are a little confusing - it would be cool to have more clarity as to what will happen when.-It's a bit difficult to tell exactly what upgrade to pick in some cases. One example is two upgrades for tier 2 of infantry, one offers -10 reload +10 accuracy, the other ofers +10reload -10 accuracy or something like that. There is no explanation, nor is there any sense of which bonus is better and I can't imagine how you might begin to test this.I know I listed more cons than pros, but overall this is still one of the best war games I've ever played. It feels in some ways like a cross between Total War and Blitzkreig/Company of Heroes, where both the overall management as well as the tactics and postioning of units really do matter.Gameplay: 9.5/10Audio: 6/10Graphics: 7/10Story: 4/10Balance 9/10------------------Overall: 9/10Suggestions-Audio for distant parts of the battlefield should be more muted than nearby parts.-""Traits"" gained for commanders, both good and bad. Examples could be alchoholism, cruel, inspiring, fearless, etc. It would be awesome to have direct feedback during a battle that your actions have earned you a trait of ""fearless"" for fighting against superior numbers, or something like that. Additionally, if you dawdle too long you could earn ""hestitant"" and that would give you some penalties (or bonuses) in following battles.-Level-up notice in-battle. It would be cool if your units were leveled-up mid-battle, with a sound and notification on the map as well.-Story snippets. It would be awesome if there was an overal storyline from one or a few of the soldiers fighting under your command, including letter to his family, descriptions of the food and conditions, his thoughts and fears - much like in the Ken Burns documentary the Civil War. I think that would really add a human element and more of a personal story to the overall game story ark,-Abilities for commanders. It would be cool if your division commanders (which are nowhere to be found on the battlefield until you suddenly realize they have been wounded somehow) and generals could issue commands like ""stand your ground"" giving a morale bonus or ""forced march"" giving a temporary speed bonus.-Ability to ""fall back"" in a specific direction. Often units giving the fall back order will head off in a random direction rather than towards a more defensible position or to your other units. The same goes for routing units - I understand there should be chaos when units get routed, but they shouldn't run TOWARDS the enemy at least.-Increasing routing distances. If a unit gets routed and routed over and over, it seems like it would lose more long-term morale and rout farther each consecutive time. This would let you feel as if you're making progress when holding on area against many enemies, and would urge a little more caution when you're attacking.-Artillery rarely seems to kill its weight in enemies. Perhaps a morale shock bonus when a volley accurately hits an exposed unit. Additionally, I don't think artillery shots should count as ""flanking"" - it feels frustrating to get flanked by artillery shots which do the same damage no matter which side they come from-Post-battle grades. It woud be great to see post-battle grades based on casualties lost, damage incurred, experience gained, etc. Specifically, the grand battles where there are multiple objective and in some cases you can even beat the battle early and totally skip an entire day / phase of battle - it should say something. Even simply saying, for example, dominant victory vs strong victory vs slim victory  vs phyrric victory, etc. Additionally, ""bonus"" objectives with rewards would be pretty cool. Having the chance to rescue an experienced but encircled general and add him to your team, or grab a supply cache of good weapons, etc could add replay value. Also, If you go out of your way to kill extra enemy units, it should reward you as well with fewer enemies in the subsequent battle (maybe just for the next battle). This would help offset the extra cost to replenish your units.-More historical bonuses and penalties for each faction. For example, more supplies, weapons, and troops for the North. More veteran generals, food, and morale for the South. If these bonuses already exist, perhaps make note of that somewhere, like at the beginning when you choose North or South.Anyway, yeah it's a great game! I've never written a review for a game before, so I came here to wite this in the hopes that the developers will notice some improvements because I think this game has incredible potential and I would love to see it be made really well and improved upon its already fantastic core game."
76561198042916423,Recommended,502520,34999181,Posted: 16 September,all,Dogmatic Shrike,An incredibly fun and engrossing strategy game with a lot of tactical depth. I only wish there were more like it.
76561198137537767,Recommended,502520,28857657,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TheWaffler,"This is by far, the best game I have ever played. Although it can occasionally be historically inaccurate, everything else in the game compensates for that. I can't wait to see what the final version will look like. If you want a great strategic game, I urge you to buy this."
76561198019607735,Recommended,502520,27407390,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Astute Pornographer,"Absolutely brilliant little game.If you like strategy games;If you like Civil War games;If you like table top war games;I recommend getting this title.10/10, would rise again."
,Recommended,502520,35162053,Posted: 23 September,all,KunaMashina,"Worth every penny!PRO:- Very detailed, lot of historic accuracy such as locations, battle phases, generals, weapons etc.- Game looks beautiful, sounds beautiful and it has an overall very good polish- Campaign is pure epicness, assigning generals, forming divions, equiping brigades and what not. Just epic- Combat is very satisfying, morale, cover, veterancy is superbly designed compared to a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Total War series has. Routing is a thing, divisions (units) after a recovery come back for another fight etc- AI is one of the best I've seen in an RTS in ages compared to for example Total War series which is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ reaaaaally thumbs up for this ! Yo- Historical battles and custom battles with different angles. Also amazing- Higher difficulites can punish you because you just can't up with the strength the enemy brings, still great challenge and great experience unlike Total War Series where difficulity increase just makes the AI insanely rich and enables them to stack armies within 2-3 turns- No DLC junk thanks GodCONS:- Some historical battles which are scripted can sometimes rearrange the battle and remove the gains you had in previous phase. This is perhaps something the devs could address?- No 4k UI scaling, things become damn tiiiiiny on anything above 2k resolution"
,Recommended,502520,28992294,Posted: 3 January,all,Leszek,"This game is a great example of the issues I have got with STEAM.When I enter the main page I see a lot of suggestion for titles I'm not interested at all. They are shown to me because I have played some single player games, or one of my friends positively reviewd such game.Unfortunately most of those titles are not even within my range of interests.Today I heard for the first time that this game has been released, and I thought it was released today, but no, it happens almost 2 months ago, and it was instant buy for me.To sum up, why I gave it positive review, the answer is simple. It is the same as in Ultimate General: Gettysburg, but more and better. f you are not familiar with the previous title, just let me tell you that this is RTS tactical game with quite good AI."
,Recommended,502520,33226063,Posted: 4 July,all,BlueDomestos,"Killed Grant at the battle of Shiloh, crushed them at Fredricksberg...10/10, would secede from the Union again."
76561197972445514,Recommended,502520,32310707,Posted: 10 June,all,Hellbishop,ULTIMATE GENERAL: CIVIL WAR truly a stunning game in every way as if a classical painting had come to life. Makes me feel like am right there or playing on the ultimate tabletop setup only a very rich minitures lover could afford. The ui controls and troop reactions are very fluid and natural. The morale effects are surreal making both sides of the war feel very alive as they are broken turning to flee until they have their wits about them again. Then there are things like exhaustion to deal with when charging too much or not letting one's army rest for a bit.Seeing the battlefield carnage gives a eerie sense of loss as corpses litter the now silent lonely landscape as both sides of the conflict have moved on to another area to continue their courageous battle for what each side believes is right.The audio work is also fluid flowing perfectly with the action. It was a real rush hearing a bugle making the classic CHARGE! music as troops rushed into battle. Its been ages i have heard that in a game. The sound of canon/gunfire and soldiers battling is like stepping back in time to a past reality.ULTIMATE GENERAL: CIVIL WAR Buy it! Play it! Enjoy a masterfully crafted creation which sings with bliss everything that it is to be a wargame.
,Recommended,502520,26718694,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Baron Cardenas III,Killed or captured all 5 regiments of the stone wall Brigade at 1st bull run and then shot Thomas Jackson and Sydney Jhonson as they were fleeing.10/10 would unite the nation again.
76561197978480307,Recommended,502520,27595852,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Evan,"I bought this game the day it was released, and I already have 24 hours into it and still going strong. The dev team really outdid themselves with the sequal. To be honest, this game shouldnt even be considered a sequal as it offers so much more content and replayability than gettysburg. The ability to play the game how you want via commanders, equipment, OOB, is just so fun.Pros:-Vast maps, some of them are really huge so it gives you a giant strategic scope in which to play from.-The Order of Battle (OOB) system is really refreshing. At the deployment screen you can choose where to deploy units, and once on the battlefield, you can individually place your units within the deployment zone (similar to TW style deployments).-On some maps, there are 'garrison' type landscape effects that you can use for defensive postures-Graphics / sound seems about the same as gettysburg, still top notch.-The game has a slight RPG feel to it as you can build your corps how you want, everything from the cannon to musket/rifle can be selected.Cons-AI is slightly finicky right now when there are a LOT of units on the map. At Antietam where theres roughly 140k troops on there, the ai can get confused.-Some slight unit pathing and positioning bugs. Merely temporary and i imagine will be squashed soon.The game is a MUST buy as it crests a careful bridge between realism and simulation.Great job Darth and team!"
,Recommended,502520,34640976,Posted: 31 August,all,John,God Is A Southerner
76561198048163882,Recommended,502520,32397447,Posted: 13 June,all,Lufian,THE SOUTH SHALL RISE AGAIN!
76561198043341279,Recommended,502520,35004282,Posted: 16 September,all,GHOST MAKER,"Very simple to dive into very complex to master. I enjoy it alot. I do wish it was more sand boxish as some events are scripted. Overall 8/10 great game. Love controlling what is in my army and where it goes and how it used. Love the ammo aspect.Fun game, good price nice grand stragetry  will wirte a better review."
76561198119458740,Recommended,502520,33893914,Posted: 29 July,all,[R3TS]EggRoll,"It still needs work. However, it is a very fun, challenging, and overall good experience."
76561197997937996,Recommended,502520,26664646,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,1stNCSS-Pvt.GrayGhost,Awesome Awesome Awesome is all I got to say I'm a huge Civil War buff!!!!! Thanks Darth and Company and Testers for a beautiful game!!!
76561198064303484,Recommended,502520,33725414,Posted: 22 July,all,Baron von Geist,"This game offers an extraordinarily satisfying and engrossing experience. The AI is among the best I’ve seen in a tactical RTS game. This game is complex and very challenging, but relatively easy to get the hang of after a few hours of play.The most difficult aspect of the game is simply managing your army between battles, especially early on. It can be quite challenging to know how best to invest your finite money and reputation points ahead of time. In addition, there’s a dizzying variety of period accurate weapons available to equip your army with. Here too is a delicate balancing act that one must perform with limited resources. Most of the best weapons, as one would expect, are extremely scarce and expensive and only gradually become available as the game progresses. If you’re playing as the Confederacy, you’ll find yourself equipping new brigades with mostly captured weapons.That said, I really like that there’s an added incentive to not just win a battle, but to inflict as many casualties on your enemy as possible. Doing so will directly affect the number of troops your opponent will have available for deployment in the next battle, not to mention adding to your cache of captured weapons. You’ll definitely find yourself on occasion playing long past the allotted time in order to bloody your opponent as much as possible, especially when you have the upper hand in a battle.Overall, simply a great gaming experience."
76561198030890497,Not Recommended,502520,28896453,Posted: 1 January,all,Motoferret,"I want to like the game, but it seems no matter how many times I win in the campaigns the outcome is still the same (Union wins, Rebels lose).  If this is supposed to be a historically accurate simulation, please advertise it as such ... otherwise make it so your wins have an impact on the final outcome of the war."
,Not Recommended,502520,29412838,Posted: 21 January,all,Vog,"For a game focusing on player choice and strategy it is extremely frustrating to have half your army wiped out in a pickett's charge against a fortified position because you have no other choice. The point/strategic location system is completely immersion breaking and a totaly pointless attempt at difficluty.  The AI often makes attacks on units twice there size with no support but still manages to route them when morale is at 70+ at the begining. Skirmishers kill for kill simply aren't worth infantry and Artillery is only useful when canistering depleted infantry ranks. Throughout the campaign several battles had me outnumbered 2-1 in ridiculous assaults on empty churches in the middle of nowhere. Flanking system is bad, how does an army take more casualties when getting shot by artillery from the front or back? The moral drop makes sense but why the kill increase? Fix this and it will be good. Also how the hell does infantry stand 50 yards away from a barricade uphill and shoot through it. I tested out the combat by creating a custom battle with an all infantry/cheapest musket army and I totaly crushed the enemy."
76561198056917501,Not Recommended,502520,30436049,Posted: 10 March,all,cmar1461,"Well having played this some what, both sides, the AI is rubbish, the computer troops are way OP, doesnt matter if you are in behind barricades, with supporting artillery.   equal numbers will mean the computer wins every time.   Grahpically this is good, sound effects are also resonable good, but AI is pulling this down."
76561197976543418,Not Recommended,502520,32096368,Posted: 31 May,all,EroticOnion23,"At its current state, every mission is pretty much: enemy outnumber you 50-75%, every soldier soldier is a commando, every enemy carries an MG42. All that and you're forced to make suicidal frontal assaults. Even if you hug the map boarders and try to cheese from behind you're gonna get shredded by their 10x more artillery. Every major battle you'll lose at least 50% of your men playing on your personal reasonable difficulty level.When the scenario is more even, the game is: 'whoever reaches high cover first wins', no matter what tactics you use. It should be if you're in high cover like the woods, there's an accuracy penalty; but no.Stay away until they figure out the balance. IMO the Gettysberg patch was the best balanced, maybe except for the timers where you can 'sneak' major victories; but attacking in that patch could actually succeed without losing 80% of your army. Chickamauga was the patch that ruined this game..."
76561198007121918,Recommended,502520,26631500,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Regardless,Better than the real thing!
76561197963588013,Not Recommended,502520,28095629,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Ushiri Arrowhell coop,"The different recommend tactics used in each battles are quitemany to remember., also there isnt any key in battle that you canhold down to view them again from what I´ve noticed.There are also lots of different weapons and such to buy to yourunits ( Not any tooltips of what is recommended and why so far)+ handdrawn wonderful graphics which is very stunning.+ morale & fatique for units+ If you liked Ultimate general Ghettysburg you must get this since itadds a campaign system and a meaning to the battles.- No multiplayer co-op  (also was left out in UG:Ghettysburg,hopefully the devs will understandthis is people really   missed in their first game and will add later on)- Weird teleporting,If you skip the info in a battle enemy uits will seemingly be teleporting right in front of you without you having anypossibility to pull back your units, extremly annoying and weird design idea. I first noticed it in "" 1st bullrun"". I was so completely turned off by this that I just exited the game.-No clear interface in campaign  ( Quite personal opinion)I´d love to see the development in this game, but for now I wouldnt recommend it to anyone than diehard fans of UG:Ghettysburg to get it, I know it´s "" early access"" and sure it will be a quality game when its ready but as for now I dont think it´s worth 27 euro.      ( Proboably I will switch this if above problems will get fixed and there will be a co-op campaign mode)"
76561198057690856,Recommended,502520,34723700,Posted: 3 September,all,Gym Lad Butler,Pure litty 🔥💯💯 would recommend to other black people out here trying to make a living you know.
,Recommended,502520,31272833,Posted: 21 April,all,Gorillatore,"Are you the reincarnation of a war general stuck in the 20th Century?Are you a real lover of strategic warfare?Have you ever wanted to command +40.000 troops on massive battlefields?Looking for the best war simulation available ever?Did you like Ultimate General Gettysburg?Were you a fan a Total War, but grew tired of the arcade battles?Do you want to relive the Civil War in an amazing campaign?I answered yes to all those questions and many more. My whole life waiting for this game, and it's finally here.Yes it's got some small improvements. But what doesn't. Nonetheless it's the strongest war historical war simulator out there.So grab your general's hat. Get your strategy on. And get ready for the best campaign of your life.PS. when multiplayer hits, I'll see you on the battlefield. And I will defeat you. But until then, I salute you!"
76561197978932077,Not Recommended,502520,28422611,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,PaX1905,"i really wanted to like this game, but as several people stated before. autoscaling the enemies destroys all the purpose of managing your army in a careful manner. you are basically punished for playing well... you spend hours optimizing results just to get harder enemies and larger opponent divisions.. not to mention that they cheat on max unit sizes... seriously.. who came up with that idea.."
76561197993099192,Not Recommended,502520,33491085,Posted: 12 July,all,Louie Kaboom,"lot of room for improvement for this gamepros:+ fairly fluid combat+ army customization+ simple yet complexcons:- the game is not transparent enough about the battles.  it's too much ""unlock this, unlock that.  zomg, random train arrives with reinforcements are coming.  oh btw, that mission isn't your real mission"".  gets worse particularly in the big battles.  what is really my primary objective?  what do I really have at my disposal?  the directives for the battles are really crappy/chaotic.  the battles end up being chained mini-quests/missions/events galore within themselves rather than feeling comprehensive from the start.- interface for deploying troops is fairly bizarre- controls and losing command over AI can be frustratingwhile I don't personally recommend this because of the transparency issue, I think a lot of people could like this game.  for me, the unlock-heavy style of the battles just ain't my cup of tea.  if you don't think you'd mind that, this game could be worth a look."
,Not Recommended,502520,31708162,Posted: 12 May,all,Spedwagon,Fun but poorly optimized and I bought this Christmas Eve and its May so its been in Early access for more than the 2-4 moth maximum would love to give it a positive review but I hate lying devs.
76561198005964356,Not Recommended,502520,32118509,Posted: 1 June,all,Jessail,"I really wanted to like this game.I've been following Darth since his modding days, and when he moved to game design i thought.. this is going to be awesome. Gettysburg was a fun game, so i had extremely high hopes for this.Unfortunately it did not take long to find out that he had gone the lazy route and just autoscaled everything, which was a gigantic disappointement. Autoscaling makes whatever you do completely irrelevant. It completely kills all progression elements in the game, and their only function now is that you have to take them to not fall even further behind what is a default computer setup.To explain in-depth what i mean... the computer auto-scales to your army. But it has a ""minimum level"" of gear it will not go below, so it could for example mean that in battle 3, it will never have worse equipment than ""Rifle 2"", in battle 5, ""Rifle 3"", and so on.The problem is that it doesn't end there. If you are ABOVE the minimum level of gear (say that you have managed to trade and hawk and steal and using whatever method to get a unit with ""Rifle 4""... well.. now you are going to meet an enemy unit that is 1.5 times bigger than yours with those same rifles due to the auto-scaler.  Which means that the only point in equipping your troops is to not further gimp yourself.. you can never get ahead.This is not a game. This is the proverbial ""here is a wall, go bang your head against it"". And when you've knocked it down, proceed to the next wall, which will be stronger.I expected.... so much more :/"
76561197971809416,Not Recommended,502520,28417638,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,mp812th,"Still needs work in order to actually be fun. Units tend to do their own thing and the enemy always seems to outnumber you, even when historically it wasn't so. I can't recommend the game just yet, but there is certainly potential."
,Not Recommended,502520,28227163,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,nilloc93,"Oh you wiped out the CSA at bull run and caused a 5-1 loss ratio? That sucks for you because this games difficulty scale slaps you in the face for doing well.If you dominate the first few battles of your campaign you'll be met outnumbered 3 to 1 by a suicidal enemy who's losses don't matter while yours do.so don't bother capturing the enemy supplies or cannon, it doesn't matter, they'll just have even more next battle."
76561198040219008,Not Recommended,502520,32403292,Posted: 13 June,all,JeansWang,"The time limit in this game P**** me off. How can i strategize in this game when i dont have time to strategize, like i could be winning the battle and slowly pushing the enemy back but nope thats it the time limit is done so i lose for f*** sake give me an option to turn time limit off at least."
76561198053275642,Not Recommended,502520,34975534,Posted: 15 September,all,shanefoister,"I am a huge fan of strategy games, especially those based on historical wars.  This game sounded terrific when I bought it; however, it is a purely battle-oriented game.  This is not a game where the player controls the North or South from a strategic perspective throughout the whole war.  Rather this game focuses on controlling individual units in battles.  While giving generals orders is advertised, this is not how gameplay unfolds.  If you like age of empires, this game is for you.  If you were looking for a strategy game focused on the war between the states, keep looking."
76561198009735832,Recommended,502520,28305621,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,naswoo,It's a really interesting game.I hope it is completed soon.I will wait for completion.
76561198008292267,Recommended,502520,30181530,Posted: 25 February,all,Vanilla Hank,"Early access, but already a wargaming gem beyond doubt. Why? Because it emphasizes on modern elements of combat (fire, movement, cover) and adds the classical, occasional bayonet or cavalry charge, keeping it fun, simple and ""realistic"". An excellent approach for an operational wargame, US civil war era. It also shines in ""time/space"" effects on battle, staying true to the fundementals of warfare in the 1800s. Having the right brigade at the right place and at the right time is crucial to success. In campaign mode you also get the chance to grow your own army, with leaders, weapons, traits etc. Extremely addictive.Sound and music is excellent (opinions may vary with taste). Graphics are ""ok"", but that's not a major issue here.Cons?I would say that the unintuitive interface/setup for campaign mode are major drawbacks for newcomers, and there is no real tutorial. These drawbacks can become very frustrating when combined with the scaling mechanism. In minor battles you could get outnumbered pretty quick, not knowing what to do about it. Even in battles where you are supposed to outnumber the AI (you only bring one of your corps to minor battles).The scaling mechanism has been questioned by many. IMO, there's a risk that devs will ruin this game by listening to demands for change. Campaign is actually a linked battle mode, there is no way to wage your own civil war. Even when you win historical battles that were lost, you will show up for next historical battle with historical odds. Sounds irritating? Not to me. I'd rather play Antietam as CSA knowing I'll have a hard time winning, than playing ""battle of Boston"" or whatever, because I did so well in my campaign. IMO, historical battles need historical odds to capture attraction to history. It's much more satisfying winning Gettysburg as CSA than winning the battle of ""Unknowntown"" with overwhelming forces. If that's not your thing, you might get disappointed."
76561198049840096,Recommended,502520,28958052,Posted: 2 January,all,Sage,"It's a quality RTS game set during the American Civil War. Combat is tactically based, although the UI is a tad bit weird. This game is Total War Lite, and probably one of the best Civil War games to play. Buy it if you like history, or RTS games, are interested in the Civil War, or just have money to spend."
76561197983796375,Recommended,502520,29073163,Posted: 6 January,all,Cosa76,"Well after a couple of Battles and some Progress with my Officers i can say that a like this game very much.Pro:Graphic is okay and does not mean much in that gameMaps are great many different positions to defend or attackThe custom organization from the Corps, Divisions and Brigade is awesome and its the part i liked the mostThe skills for the officers are nice when gain some exp during battle you can choose what style if arty or infantery, ammo aso.Cons:The only thing i dont like is the troop movement, i like to have the joice between line, column, square aso. but you just klick an then they move. If you select more units its quite not easy to move a whole corps down the road and for more precise movement you select one squad after another to get them we they should.Fazit: Great Game and still work in progress. Keep up the good work its worth it. Price is very fair for what you get."
76561198007257529,Recommended,502520,28780534,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ashantai,"Ultimate General: Civil War is a fun and strategic game using real-time movements of troops on a variety of battlefields.Though the game is in early access it is receiving frequent updates as it builds towards full release. From what I can tell the design team has done a good job in moulding the game as they've gone on. A lot of the issues I noticed in the Let's Play videos from early on have been rectified.Having played a lot of turn-based strategy games set in the Civil War this was an interesting change in pace.The Good:- Maps are gorgeously designed, and quite close to the historical, as much as can be rendered on PC.- Building your own army and leaders is much more rewarding than using the stock historical forces for each battle. This way you get to see your units advance and progress.- The large variety of accurate period weapons for both sides gives a very historical feeling.- If you like this era this is a very good campaign based progression of the war.The Bad:- Although a recent patch added consequences down the line for your previous victories, the battles are still railroaded. If the South won Shiloh, killing Grant and destroying his army, the war would have played out very differently. This isn't a major negative, but I wish there were more branching scenarios to more accurately make an alternate history.- Possibly because it is Early Access, the game has a steep learning curve. My advice is to watch Let's Plays to get a feel for the game before playing. The 'tutorial' mission is perhaps the hardest one in the game because you are given a small force with no way of customising.- Also due to Early Access I assume, there is a distinct lack of tooltips and relevant information. To find what you need you have to go to help, and even that is a little confusing.- Some of the career abilities are practically useless, whilst some are simply essential. Army organisation and politics are so much more useful than any others, and some like medicine or logistics are almost useless compared. Again, will likely be balanced by full release.The Wishlist:I'm hoping when the game reaches full release that it will feature some other nice features.- Uniform customisation for your units.- A level of strategic planning rather than just replaying the historical path.- Even more weapons.Overall, a lot of fun if this historical era interests you. It is hard even on normal, so my suggestion is that your first campaign be at 'Colonel' difficulty if you're new to it."
,Recommended,502520,32889793,Posted: 27 June,all,CaSrBa,Great Game! The campaign mode is very fun and challenging. This game feels more polished and keeps me more engaged than their previous game.
76561198006684268,Recommended,502520,27463793,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zapp Brannigan,"If you liked Ultimate General: Gettysburg, you will love this game. It is fantastic.This game's major strengths are in its tactical gameplay and its historical authenticity. There is a level of tactical control to the gameplay that few war games are able to reach. It's all about positioning, flanking, and proper use of terrain rather than the size of the forces (although of course size matters).Regarding its historical authenticity, the game is obviously well researched. The weapons, maps, generals, and units are all authentic. More importantly, the game feels authentic to the period. It's hard to explain, but moving and fighting your armies just feels like you think it should for a war game set during the U.S. Civil War. Playing each battle feels like jumping into a chapter of Shelby Foote's Civil War trilogy.My one gripe, you should be able to zoom the camera in further. Ideally you could get right over your soldier's shoulder to judge distance and terrain, but I know the engine doesn't support that. But simply being able to zoom down a couple notches more than you can now would be helpful and create even more immersion.Differences between UG: Gettysburg and UG: Civil War- Hugely expanded scope. UGG was just one battle, UGCW has dozens of different battles, and it wraps them up into a campaign that has light RPG elements and the ability to create and  arm your own units from battle to battle. It feels like you're getting 5-6 times the content as UGG.- Cover works much better. It's easier to tell when your units are in cover and what the benefits of that are.- Artillery is improved. Better feedback for the user on what arty is doing.- Trains!- Naval units. A welcome addition, as naval warfare was an important and often overlooked aspect of the Civil War.- Units are destroyed easier. I loved UGG's system of units breaking, then rallying back to the fight, but it seemed like units almost never could be destroyed, just worn down. In UGCV if you really hang a unit out to dry it can get captured or destroyed, which I welcome.Conclusion: The game is great. If you liked UGG, or you like the USCW era, you must buy this game."
76561198007388528,Recommended,502520,30500065,Posted: 13 March,all,{LEONTES}_Dellodas,"After a 100+ hours in this game and after playing the campaign many times in various difficulties and from both sides i can safely say that i'm officially hooked with this game, sure it has some minor issues (AI, pathfinding... which will be surely fixed before official release) but overall, even in this early access state, the game is amazing and quite polished. It gets top marks for the army micromanagement and unit ""RPG"" elements (skills,weapons,commanders).I Highly recommend it for strategy fans out there."
76561198029704499,Recommended,502520,30941690,Posted: 4 April,all,tora75,"What I've been looking for in a civi war game. The dev team listens to community feedback and this game has improved leaps and bounds because of it (and their own blood, sweat and tears of course).Solid AI, which gets better with every patch (at times it feels like I'm playing against a human opponent).Not sure what the price for this is these days, but they have delivered on a long campaign; adding peices as every month passess. You should get a sizeable amount of time out of this game.I don't have the hours yet, as I have been waiting for release ( but do drop in off-line to check out new features when they roll out a new patch)."
76561198216309316,Recommended,502520,29130035,Posted: 8 January,all,killercam,"im really enjoying playing this game, the missions are fun and challenging and the AI is really good and regularly outsmarts me. it is really good and i cant wait till the full version comes out."
76561198017494322,Recommended,502520,26701374,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,johndjacko,"What i have always wanted in a ACW game. No micro managment just great fun and lots of proper details, you can really get attached to your units in the campaign! Even in early access i cannot reccomend this too highly."
76561198008104313,Recommended,502520,29143139,Posted: 9 January,all,El Capitan,"Worth every penny. Before you drop $100+ on a Total War game, give this a go!"
,Recommended,502520,29173979,Posted: 10 January,all,LionKeypr,"I live near where the battle of Gettysburg took place and Antietam...I guess Sharpsburg, Maryland as well. The south burnt down my home town of Chambersburg, Pennsylvania. Have read lots of books on the civil war. I played the PC games Sid Meier's Gettysburg and Take Command: Second Manassas. I was hoping for a new game set in the American civil war period that could serve up an enjoyable experience and be somewhat historically acurate. UGCW is that game...at least from what I've played so far. Looking forward to the other battles planned.The way the game stands right now it's worth buying even without the other planned battles. The ONLY thing I would want is to be able to zoom in just a tad further. But I understand why the zoom level is where it's at. I can live with that. Highly recommended game!"
76561198093534935,Recommended,502520,31077737,Posted: 11 April,all,Tex644,"I love this game, its a great strategy game, it is definately in my top 3. The only major issue I have is that the game doesnt learn what you do all the time, by that I mean it follows history (which is not a bad thing necasarilly) but I wish it would be like oh you're winning there? Ok, then I guess you dont have to fall back and reqroup, some of the larger battles can be one won in the initial fight, i.e. I won Gettysburg with the CSA on the first day, or 2nd Bull Run I won on the first part of the battle with the Union. The game seemed to accept that but on Shiloh for example, it forced me as the Union to fall back to Pittsburgh Landing and counter attack even though I had crushed the rebel army, they had less than 5 thousand troops left. Even with that problem however, I understand that its an early access game and that one issue is not enough to make me stop playing."
76561198287526723,Recommended,502520,34159837,Posted: 10 August,all,Gunr02,"Fun gameplay but more cons than prosneeds multiplayer, playing a computer gets boring fast."
76561198007793950,Recommended,502520,34052139,Posted: 5 August,all,tahoeq4s,"Good game, and not over priced"
76561198030560194,Recommended,502520,28325605,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Speedkermit,"Get this game!Get it now!Early access and already loads of content.Loads more content on the way.Brilliant tactical wargame, with a challenging AI opponents and dozens of battles already included. Change the course of history and give the arrogant yankees a spanking, or play as the Union and put Johnny Reb back in his place.If you like ""total war"" but feel that the TW series has become too ""dumbed down"" then try this game out."
76561197971421614,Recommended,502520,28204975,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,steveohagan,"Hardly ever write reviews like this for videogames, but I've got to say this is one of the best RTS wargames ever. And that's even when it's still in early access.It does for the Civil War what Close Combat did for WW2 - realistic, intuitive, and ultra-playable.Blows Total War out of the water for tactics and AI challenge. This is a serious classic of the computer wargame genre. You can finish a single battle in 30 mins, or be gripped by a campaign for days.Really hope this series is a success so we get more battles/eras.My advice for anyone buying - play mostly in half speed and lots of use of pause."
,Recommended,502520,28209877,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Lillibullero,With multiplayer and workshop this game can be one of the best wargames of all times. But now 9/10
76561198007880676,Recommended,502520,28313368,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,bradford174,"This is the best US Civil War game I've ever played. It's that simple. As a fan of the era and some of the games based around it (Take Command: Second Manassas was a favourite), this has it all, even in early access.Finally, an RTS that cares about elevation, movement and supply. You're rewarded by slowly flanking and pressing, using cover smartly, and setting up zones of fire. Rush ahead and get gunned down in droves; think and you'll probably still get gunned down, but at least you know what you're doing. At no point does it feel like you're being cheated out of victory or forced in to defeat. You always feel that there's something you can do, or try, to improve.There's a few features that don't exist at the moment - the campaign doesn't account for past performance, the interface outside of the battle is still a little hard to figure out in places, and it only goes up to Antietam - but already it's proved value for money. It may not have the strategic options of Gettysburg yet, and you're always going to be destined to be fighting historical engagements, so you're reliving the consequences of theatre-wide mistakes. But for US Civil War fans,  this is as good as it gets - dump George McClellan in the front lines! For RTS fans who aren't interested in base building and want a challenge, this is a great purchase. And with the constant updates from the devs, this is a case of open access being done right: I can't wait for the finished product."
76561197970850456,Recommended,502520,28297281,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,KilluH,"Really nice, fun game.   Its easy to get into, has that""one more battle"" feeling, has decent rpg elements -naming your units, upgrading weapons, changingleaders, upgrades to training and BIG corps groupsvia career mgmt..Decent graphics that remind me of all the civilwar books i read with the big two page layout battlescenes.  Little things like artillery craters buildup.AI is decent.  Many battles play out differently evenwith the scripting.All in all I think the devs have a pretty good game here.Its nice to play a good game again."
76561198007000317,Recommended,502520,28324508,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,JaM,"While i also own Ultimate General Gettysburg, must say Civil War is a whole new beast, on tactical side same principles as in Gettysburg work, yet where this game shines is the troop management, which increases the playability to a whole new level. While with Gettysburg you never actually felt attachment to your brigates, here taking losses to one of yours most experienced units will hurt you a lot!Game works quite well on its own, and its still just early access, so plenty of improvements can be expected."
,Recommended,502520,28212920,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ICEMAN,This is what i have been waiting for. Just buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥already.
,Recommended,502520,26674002,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,werewere,"Really good gameplay, reminds me of the Wargame series. 1 complaint though: no tutorial, and the advisor really doesnt help much beyond some really basic stuff, you have to figure it out on your own. Besides that, I cannot praise this game highly enough."
,Recommended,502520,28014775,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Icecreamcity,"This may end up being the closest that we'll get to having a Total War game based on the American Civil War. The ACW is still a very controversial time period in history, and no matter how the subject of slavery is treated in a potential story mode, it's bound to♥♥♥♥♥♥some people off. So, it's understandable that Creative Assembly and Sega would shy away from that subject.Game-Labs, creator of the popular Darthmod mod for Total War hasn't shied away, though. A couple years ago, they released Ultimate General: Gettysburg. UG:G was basically a remake of the classic Sid Meier's Gettysburg game from the '90s, redone in the style of Total War. Just like the classic Sid Meier game, UG:G focused only on the battle of Gettysburg, propeling the player through a series of different scenarios throughout the battle, with the scenarios encountered depending on what the player did in the earlier parts of the battle. It was very well done, and it did allow the player to make custom battles, too. It's just too bad that it didn't have a campaign.But this new game, Ultimate General: Civil War, has a campaign. I'll be honest and say that's it not the type of campaign that I *really* want. I want something like Total War with an overall strategic campaign map and the possibilites of different troop movements and battles in every game. What UG:CW gives you is a static series of battles that remains the same in every game. The player just has to manage and recruit their troops in between battles. It's not what I want, but it's *much* better than nothing.Now, the game is in Early Access, so content is still being added. Eventually Game-Labs plans to have every major battle of the war simulated. Considering how well they pulled off UG:G, and also considering how much content they put into UG:CW before putting it in Early Access, I'm willing to have faith in them and believe they'll follow through.Anyway, with the caveat that this is Early Access, you might as well buy this game. There aren't any other American Civil War RTS games (outside of Total War mods, of course)."
,Recommended,502520,26638701,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Normancon,"Dont let my 2 hours deceive. I played many on their orignal game. Ultimate General: Gettysburg. Awesome Game. If you enjoyed that game, This one is just more. All around amazing being allowed to decide what your units are and army sizes. Best strategy game of 2016 or early 2017 right here"
,Recommended,502520,28163356,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Yoda,"If you played and enjoyed Gettysburg then you'll definately enjoy this one.  This is the stradegy game this civil war buff has been waiting for.  It's game mechanics are perfectly suited for the warfare of the period.  My only gripe is the campaign isn't more dynamic like TW, but there are still choices in what battles to fight and the historic battles are fun as well."
76561197970510452,Recommended,502520,26646064,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,stetor.1,Ultimate General: Civil War slipped in under the radar and I didn't know this game even came out until I saw it on the Steam Store page.  I already have Ultimate General: Gettysburg and I really enjoy that game even though it has a few flaws.I noticed with this new game the game developer pretty much iimproved everything except for two things which I think are needed to make the game even better.  First is the zoom feature.  They have a zoom feature already but when you zoom in on the maps everything is still way too small to look at in detail.  They need to fix the zoom feature so you can zoom in even closer to look at your units.  Second is they need to have a rotation button so you cam rotate around the maps.  Everything is seen from one angle on each map and I want to be able to look at battles on the maps from different angles.I know the game is in early access so I hope the game developer listen to gamers who play these kind of game alot.  Fix these two items and you will have a great game to play.Right now the way the game is what I rate good but not great.  I rate the game 4 out of 5 stars.
76561198047559410,Recommended,502520,26764514,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheAltoonaWiseman,"Probably the BEST Strategy Game ive played in a long while.Ive played strategy games for years from starcraft to all the Total war titles to Europa Universalis to countless Slitherine titles, most of the Close Combat titles-to Civ5 and most in between. the outcome of every battle is different with mabey the overall Best A.I. in strategy games today! Ive fought battles where the enemy will withdraw, re-group, and attack in a completely different place. Ive had them charge me in the face of overwhelming odds- An A.I. that comprehends 'Desperation'!If your a strategy buff like myself this will not dissapoint you."
76561197970280194,Recommended,502520,27559001,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr. Gilbert,"Game-Labs did it again and how:Ultimate General gettysburg reminded me of Sid Meier's GettysburgThis game reminds me of a time when all games where fun. This game even still in early access is hugely playable, massively enjoyable and a must buy for everyone who likes games, not just strategygames or wargames.Don't hesitate, give em your money!"
76561198013868390,Recommended,502520,27953264,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SweatyPenguin,"Simple to control, complex and with a lot of depth to it. Customize your armies and then take them to battlefield where you will restart 5 times because you feel like you lost just that little bit more men than you should have, only to lose them all again because the ai won't be doing the same thing again either. I had good fun with Gettysburg and this takes to an entirely new level.Not worried about early access since the devs already have a ""prequel"" out in regards to which there were no significant issues, plus I've been a fan of one of them throughout his modding career and he tended to finish what he started, then fiddle with it afterwards. If they say something will be in the game, I trust them it will be so. And I trust them to stick to the schedule as well, if not perfectly.As the game is now it's stil easily a 7/10 and I don't expect it to get any worse. To anyone interested I definitely reccomend the purchase."
,Recommended,502520,28053451,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Filamu,"Great game, most of it works well. Biggest problem is the AI sometimes have problems pushing through, especially if you have lots of detached skirmishers as the AI regards a detached skirmisher as a full brigade and acts accordingly. This makes holding actions sometimes quite easy.Not as hard as some people say,  could be harder."
76561198032114167,Recommended,502520,28084055,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,acivs,The worst part about this game is that it's unfinished. I had a wonderful time playing the first third of the war though. I really look forward to the remainder of the game.
76561197968768348,Recommended,502520,28117799,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Renown,"This is the best Civil War wargame I've ever played. Admittedly a lot of the hex games have bored me, this was just so exciting.I can only hope for a UG: Napoleon, or and please please allow us to move troops before the individual battles. I really like your scenarios, but if you could SOMEHOW do something that would allow for a campaign metagame (rather than just logistics management - which is still awesome) I'd be on board in a minute.That said, I've still never had as much fun fighting scenario style battles as I did here. It was like a watered-down Close Combat in Civil War, but something about the ease of the game just invites replaying. It's simple, and yet complex at the very same time.I'll give those a snippet of what this game enables you to do... I was trying to attack a strongly held enemy position. I had minimal cannons (less than half of what the enemy had, and a mixture of long/short range heavy cannon/howitzers) and 3/4th as much infantry, not only that but the enemy would get reinforcements BEFORE my reinforcements (which would have ensured I had as many cannon - though they were all light cannon) the rest of my infantry and my light infantry/cav.I worried that if I waited before moving my divisions into combat, that the enemy would reinforce it's far superior position and I'd take MASSIVE casualties before the NEXT battle. (Meta-logistics is important, even though you don't decide the location of the battles or the general overall strategy, you still must adapt tactically and use the logistics as your strategy for the game.) So, I did what I was reluctuant to do, and I forced my infantry ahead, planning to take more losses now, for less losses later, and ideally force an opening in the enemy line.What I did not account for however, were the one AI cav and Skirmisher brigade that came out to meet my forces, showing my positions to enemy cannon. It started, 60+ cannon firing on my lines, long long before I had planned to get into combat range. If I run to cover, my troops would be exhausted very quickly. If I let them march, they'll take unknown losses before I drive the enemy cav/skirm out of the way.I hadn't brought skirm/cav with me, leaving them in my reinforcement corps (because I figured they'd have to move quickly, I gave them most of my light cannon and infantry/cav and only about 7500 infantry). I immediately detached (like I should have done earlier! my captains berated me endlessly!) light companies from my infantry regiments, and proceeded to secure my flanks and forward positions so my units wouldn't be under fire for ten minutes before engaging themselves - which as I found out earlier has more of an impact on MORALE then straight losses, but you NEED that morale to maintain combat, and will lose badly in a fight with low morale.Lo and behold the enemy cav were trying to flank me again, I used two light companies to pin them just outside of the woods, and pounded them with my cannon until they broke and routed off the map (cav take heavy losses from certain cannon when in the open). That enabled me to flank the same approach the enemy did, and I spotted their advance positions. My light company commanders failed to obey my orders, and for some reason charged the enemy with their combined 750 men along a narrow front against approximately 14,000 infantry. Incredibly one company managed to get into melee range before routing, and my remaining 200 troops (from 3 different light companies) were falling back to the woods they never should have left. Yet the infantry that had been engaged in melee (maybe around 6000 troops) pulled out of their fortifications and charged after that last 200 troops, who obeyed orders and ran to an open field where they were slaughtered to the man. Yet, those 6000 troops now found themselves facing 12,000 infantry in heavy forests between them and their previous positions. The battle was short. They routed, and my nearly untouched force proceeded to surround and hammer one flank of the enemy position, pulling troops off the line from their center.That was the opportunity I was waiting for, my heavy cannon started pounding the two closest batteries near the center, while an additional 15,000 infantry of mine wedged themselves in the middle of the enemy position, splitting their still more numerous forces in two. I disengaged my flanking attack (with approximately 10,000 remaining troops from a losing battle - advancing in open ground against minimal forces in fortifications can be painful) and let them rest, which caused the enemy to pull about 4/5ths of the forces in that position to support their counter attack against my center wedge. This way the third and last opportunity the enemy gave me that I seized. I had one reserve brigade, and with relish I ordered them into the breach.These boys were led by Stonewall jackson himself, and were equipped with the best melee rifles I could afford, this one regiment was my ""door knocker"", I knew that ANYtime I got them into melee with an enemy they would win, but I had never put them against equal (still) numbers in a fortification. Stonewall led them himself up the hill, and through a massive wave he engaged the enemy. Of his 2000 troops, he lost 500 quickly, then another 200... but then the other brigades that were exhausted got into range and unleashed their vollies. The enemy broke. Jackson led his regiment (before being wounded in a melee several hours later) down the line and turned enemy position one at a time. By the time my reinforcements (and the enemies) arrived, my army of nearly 30,000 men was down to around 20,000  but I had captured or destroyed nearly 40,000 infantry, cannon, and cavalry. With my reinforcements on the scene, I quickly isolated and captured an additional 15,000 troops.Victory!(Note, this battle happened prior to the rescale of troops on the medium difficulty, I understand these number differentials are quite different now.)  - My battle was in total (between my two corps) around 45,000 troops, with 120 guns, while the enemy had 150 cannon (mostly all already in place) and maybe 60,000 enemy troops."
76561198007191555,Recommended,502520,28149377,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,wmetcalf,"The developers of this game seemed to disappear after release of the first in the series, U.G. Gettysburg. How nice to know they were still at work and have expanded this excellent title. I made an early purchase of U.G. Civil War because I believe these folks deserve support, and the early version is offered in a very playable form, though not yet completed. It is a steal at the offered price.The interface in this software is cleverly and efficiently designed, and like nothing else i""ve played. It renders full immersion into the real-time play without requiring excessive micro-management. The tactical options and troop behavior and response tends to force the battle style of the period, keeping you honest without making things feel restrained.A.I. is very good at this stage. I have tested by playing the first scenario from both sides, under the same medium settings. I was able to achieve victory from each side but niether was a walk in the park. I suspect that playing under the highest difficulty settings would be a serious challenge, with no certain outcome. I also suspect that playing the campaign mode will add even more challenges.Without getting too detailed I would just like to say that this is one of the most enjoyable game interfaces I have ever experienced (and I go back to the Commodore 64 days). It is without question IMO, the best Civil War title ever released, and it's style of play rivals anything that has come to market in this category.Is it worth thirty bucks? Even at this stage? Yes my friends, it is worth twice that! Don't miss it."
,Recommended,502520,26669865,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,mvorkosigan,"Yikes! I am just finishing the opening moves of 1st Bull Run... and I feel like I can recommend this game already.  I haven't figured yet the camera controls but this feels like the high-end BMW of war games. It has a lot of battles already, and the incoming amount of content is just impressive. If you're into historical war gaming, you can't go wrong with this one."
76561198034610164,Recommended,502520,26701842,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Tony Soprano,"What I've played so far is really great. I can't speak to the campaign yet, but the battle mechanics have been refined from Ultimate General: Gettysburg, and most of my little frustrations with Gettysburg have been ironed out.Pros:The graphics are a little more detailed now, with little cannonball craters and more crisp unit models.It's a little easier to sense they lay of the terrain and identify the high ground.Cannons are still very effective, but much more vulnerable if not guarded. Your full brigade will no longer get slaughtered by canister trying to destroy an unguarded battery.Charges have been balanced nicely. They are usually costly for both sides but are a great way to tie down a unit. With a good defensive position, however, charges can be easily stopped.Cavalry are actually useful for scouting and cutting down wavering and routing units.Cons:There's no option to view terrain contour lines yet.That's about it!Verdict:Don't let the Early Access scare you. It's already an amazing game with more content than Ultimate General: Gettysburg. It's shaping up to be the definitive Civil War strategy game."
76561198010773014,Recommended,502520,28198418,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,TomDavisNY,Awesome! Challenging but balanced.
76561197999928439,Recommended,502520,32111691,Posted: 1 June,all,mfleone,"Been waiting for this type of game for a long time. About 10 hours in and I've decided. One of the best Civil War games to come along in quite some time. Right up there with Civil War Generals 2 and Sid Meyer's Gettysburg. Great campaign game with the decisions you have to make between battles and some RPG elements as you decide how to level up yourself and your officers in about a half dozen catergories. You start as a division comander in either the Union or Confederate army and work your way up.The battles are real time as in Sid Meyer's Game but with the campain option added as in Civil War Generals 2. The game isn't perfect but in my opinion the few flaws are minor and hardly worth mentioning, so I won't. The game as of this writing is in early acess and seems to have great support by the developers. Should see the few flaws ironed out and more content added as the patches keep coming pryor to full rease in about a month. The game is certainly in a very playable state right now though anyways. As a Civil War History buff I really do appreciate this game and want to thank the developers for a great prerelease. I would give it an 8 out of 10 as is and should be at least a 9 by final release. For now it's back to my armies campaign and more challenging, fun battles!"
76561197967780097,Recommended,502520,34436701,Posted: 23 August,all,Katharos,very good game !
76561197985343091,Recommended,502520,34563209,Posted: 28 August,all,MJB,love this game - its awsome 10 out of 10
,Recommended,502520,34575568,Posted: 29 August,all,Lion Heart,"a masterpiece of a strategy game. it has everything you could ever want; historical, campaign, army management, different equiptment, terrain, forts etc. it tries to be a great civil war strategy (kinda sim) and it nails it. i hope they do a revolutionary war expansion or new game. im 13 hours in and barely half way through the war."
,Recommended,502520,26675026,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Zakalwe,A huge improvement on an already great game. It's like the Cossacks 2 of your dreams. It has the playability of an RTS combined with the strategic depth of a board wargame. The maps are especially good and really draw you into the action. UGCW is a genre all-time classic. People will be measuring games against it for years to come.
76561198182778602,Recommended,502520,34670750,Posted: 1 September,all,the_macharious,"Great game. my only real complaint about game play is no way for units commanded to move a realatively long distance to recognise easiest and fastes routes of travel to destanation. for example taking a road, path or open feild around a clump of trees/ rough terrain where possable instead of sluggishly walking through them. would greatly cut down on micro managing reenforcements and manuvers in larger pitched battles where seconds count and add a bit more realism by placing empashis on controling travel ways on the battle field. but just an idea. keep up the good work guys"
,Recommended,502520,31807958,Posted: 17 May,all,Just James,"Pretty good game, just a few problems. Main one that annoys me would be routing enemies routing behind your lines and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your cannons after they regroup."
76561198278007535,Not Recommended,502520,34518256,Posted: 26 August,all,hiatt.joshua21,"use to total war games and having a blast with them and thought this would be something similar. Tried playing the first battle as the confederates and i always loose the fort after they attack the next day. what kind of fort provides the same cover behind the walls as just being on the ground? Troops get tired ridiculously fast and the foot soldiers squaring off against skirmishers doesn't balance out right either, nose to nose with skirmishers and releasing a full volley into them should do more than kill two guys while they blow away dozens at a time."
,Recommended,502520,35062604,Posted: 19 September,all,Sarcastro,"At the start of the campaign the game asks what you specialized in during your officer's training.These are all lies except for logitics. Half of the campaign is you staring at your brigades managing your logistics. You'll love every second of it as logistics wins your war, while tactics wins your battles."
76561198052803719,Recommended,502520,34701344,Posted: 2 September,all,Howiekapowie,"Nice game, only played a little but i noticed if youre not constantly moving to flank the battle kind of grinds to a halt. its nice how the troops move to. unlike total war you can guide your troops around insted of having them march in a straight path."
,Recommended,502520,34711970,Posted: 3 September,all,Civildude,I grew up playing civil war pc games in the 90's with Sid Meier's Gettysburg and Robert E. Lee Civil War General being my favorites.  I do believe that this game surpases them all.  The controls work well. Equiping and gaining experience with troops after battles is fun and makes sense.  Overall this is just incredibly well done and I did not think I would find this level of enjoyment in a civil war game again.
76561198026940846,Not Recommended,502520,35050559,Posted: 18 September,all,lmahl,Gave up on this game in just the first battle as the Union. Bite me for being shallow but I was already pulling my hair out just getting my units to do what I tell them to do and I wasn't going to suffer through and entire campain to see if it gets better.Game also needs a real tutorial for new players instead of just throwing them into the first battle of a campain without any idea of how ANYTHING actually works. Those advisor tabs just don't cut it.
76561198041955191,Recommended,502520,28701485,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Reformer,"I thought that Ultimate General: Gettysburg was a good game that had potential to be better. I think that potential has been reached in this game. It is a fantastic game that I would defintely recommend. I look forward to seeing more campaigns/battles/features added.(The only con is some historical inaccuracy regarding the suggested cause of the war. The North did not go to war against the South simply over the issue of slavery, as is suggested when the option is given to choose the USA or CSA. For both Southern and Northern soldiers there were multiple motivations for fighting)"
76561198047484973,Recommended,502520,30873903,Posted: 1 April,all,AmoveHacker,"So far my favorite steamgame , i had a blast in UG Gettysburg and when i saw this game i immediatly went to buy to it on the steam store .while this game has massive potential i got annoyed by a few things during the campaing.Positive points+ Same vibe like UG gettysburg , its somewhat the same game+ You choose who leads what brigade , and you choose what weapons your men wil carry+ Innovative Command system+ Competent AI- Losses dont seem to matter in this game , Unlike in UG gettysburg when the enemy brigade lost men , it would stay like that . in this game the next battle the enemy brigades get reinforced while i'm stuck with no money , not only that the enemy also gets 3 star brigades which is super annoying.- AI seems to have issues with its pathing , i had cases were it constnatly moved a brigade back and forth for the entirety of the battle .- It's a bit of a let down that u cant choose your own path and you're forced to follow the pre-setted battles . in UG gettysburg u had different options that led to different results and battles.- The scaling system , god damnit"
76561198006653748,Recommended,502520,26686545,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,BroncoYeha,"Wow just wow. This game is amazing. The historical battles are very well done and the maps and units look great.  The historical battles are very imersive and really feel like civil war battles due to the huge numbers of troops on the field. Great controls make it easy to command the large numbers of troops in my army, and I really liked how my units are pre grouped in divisions / corps making it easy to select and position large numbers of troops. I found the AI to be very inteligent, and despite the game being early access I did not experience any bugs or errors running the game.This is a step up from the previous Ultimate General game, and the battles are much better than anything in the Total War series of games. This is one of the best early release games I have ever played and I can't wait to play the finished product. If you like civil war games you can't go wrong."
76561198066416942,Recommended,502520,33561386,Posted: 15 July,all,Lord Margrave,"An excellent game, well balanced and challenging.  The computer takes advantage of flanking opportunities and tries to swing around your forces if you aren't careful.  Your actions make a huge difference in the enemy's strengths too: army size, experience of the units and their weaponry so make sure to do the missions and kill/capture as many as you can.The only minor issue is some lingering bugs like units turning invisible in one mission when they enter a position.If you love this time in history or RTS games this is one you should look into."
76561197972008327,Recommended,502520,33562427,Posted: 15 July,all,Khomrade,"Well balanced, interesting, fun take on the Civil War. Only wish they'd gone more sandbox with the grand campaign, but battles are very well done."
76561198177746559,Recommended,502520,33770743,Posted: 24 July,all,Lethal,I have played through a campaing once or twce every few months for at least a year now. Such a great experience. 10/10 would buy again.
76561198068753941,Recommended,502520,33777431,Posted: 24 July,all,Cyber Polska,"More detail then meets the eye, a really fun game!"
76561197970554115,Not Recommended,502520,32169158,Posted: 3 June,all,Cthulhu,"Sadly I have to echo the other players who comment on the INSANE inbalance between the AI and the human player. No matter how big your army is  the other side is larger and will just steamroll you, with the exception of the historical battles which at least limit the AI to actual factual army strengths. Even on battles on the easy setting your troops rout instantly and the AI reforms and blasts through, your arty is smashed easily. It's almost as if some sadistic programmer decided that the difficulty level should START and insane and get worse. Pity, because the game play itself is easy to learn, the topography is beautiful and the modeling is nice-not TOTAL WAR nice (which would be a GREAT US Civil War enigine) but nice. I'm amazed that curators recommended this frustrating torture chamber. Not playing it again unless I hear it's been made actually enjoyable. What a waste of $$$."
76561198127356183,Not Recommended,502520,32663614,Posted: 22 June,all,CigarandCoffee,"Like many others have stated, I wanted to like this game.But when a game made in 1997 does it better with more far more customization, modability, multiplayer, better maps, better graphics, and better music, I can't recommend this.Sierra's Civil War Generals 2 is still the standard in Civil War games."
,Recommended,502520,33621024,Posted: 17 July,all,landy77,This is a fun strategy game. You dont get buried in having to manage every detail which I like.
76561198007295935,Recommended,502520,33673733,Posted: 20 July,all,stanfordcds,"Fun game, worth the money."
,Recommended,502520,33635241,Posted: 18 July,all,Patriot03,"No multiplayer which is a shame, but this is a fantastic RTS even on it's own. As a commander you get skill points so you grow throughout the campaign, your army gains and loses experience if you fill your ranks with fresh recruits, you have money and reputation to manage to spend on specific weapons to arm your men and politically your government can give you supplies.This is easily one of my favorite RTS games,  I was surprised."
76561198007580341,Recommended,502520,33712083,Posted: 21 July,all,davemittal,great game easy to learn hard to master
76561198030923354,Not Recommended,502520,33545633,Posted: 14 July,all,Fulgrim,"Incredibly awful game.Units change targets including facing whenever they feel like.Engage in Melee even if you tell them not to, walk right into enemy formations.AI gets ridiculousBoni whenever it feels like, player doesn't.terrain is oversimplified.Artillery can fire through terrain obstacles.no friendly fire.AI wins pretty much every Melee (i.e. can rout entire fresh infantry formations within seconds with cav,) player can't (cav with best melee equipment losses against skirmishers)Pre-battle control about which unit to take with you not existence, random generator decides.Enemy units rout through your lines, then benefit from it since they cause havoc from behind.Even Empire: Total War has a better UI to control your unitsAnother example? Two units in line next to each other. One unit is being assaulted in melee. The other unit TURNS to shoot into a close combat that is already won, exposes his back to the entire enemy line and is routed within seconds.More? Enemy losses melee. Your unit is charging after, automatically. Not too far though, which is fine. Once they abort the persuit, they TURN THEIR BACKS to the entire enemy line again and walk ever so slowly back to where they were standing when charged. That's how the AI turns melee losses into  massive wins.Edit:Just gave this Shilo Scenario a second try.it is basically a bunch of linked scenarios. It is a great idea to start the 4th Scenario with an Objective way behind your back. Once the Confeds have that Obj, which they had right after starting the scenario in my game, you have 20 seconds to get there. Otherwise the entire battle goes down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. If your cavalry is not in place, well screw you.Same happens in scenario 5. Objectives spawn waaaaay in the enemies rear. Once he achieves them, you have 20 seconds to  take them back.Looks pretty nice though.Just don't waste your money on this the way I did."
76561198038994717,Recommended,502520,35087512,Posted: 20 September,all,Hawkstone,"I find Ultimate General: Civil War to be an awesome game of  strategy. I love Civil War history. I have been wanting a game like this for years. I have been playing the campaign mode on Medium difficulty as I learn more and more about the game. One thing is certain, the decisions you make during gameplay will affect the battles to come. My only concern was with Antietam. I wasted hours upon hours using many different tactics, even starting over the Campaign from scratch to find the AI continued to overpower my  CSA. I tried tactics that others have posted from videos on Youtube and articles and could never even come out the battle with a Draw. Not sure about that battle. I know the history of the outcome, but for all those who are playing as a CSA  General and have defeated it, hats off and a big salute. I expect it to be a very hard battle but on medium difficulty with no perks, I just cannot get past it without  routing my army early as possible to continue to have an army. But other than this particular battle, I love this game and I will continue to play and give it a BIG THUMBS UP!  Its about time that someone put together a Civil War game that is entertaining and strategic.  Thank you and to those who developed this game...keep giving us more!!"
76561198030626338,Recommended,502520,35006470,Posted: 16 September,all,Von Dyring,This is a truly amazing game.
,Recommended,502520,26640097,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ABSOLUTELY_AKBAR,By far the best early access title I've ever played. This is more polished than most games on release date.
76561198067582744,Recommended,502520,26639941,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Bentzkast,"This is hands down best early access game ! super polisedAs a wargame it is not to convoluted as simulation, but its not feels gamey either.Troop feels organic and Ai offer real tactic.Highly recommended to strategy fans and musket era fans"
76561198093006125,Recommended,502520,34924008,Posted: 13 September,all,harleyrebel42,Enjoyed the game. I would love to have a Vicksburg campaign to fight. The gunboats and siege would add to great gameplay.
76561198047418291,Recommended,502520,26714658,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,pgpkenny,"I enjoyed UG Gettysburg, so my interest was immediately taken when I saw this UG Civil War game become available. The price seemed a little high for a still-in-progress game, but viewing the youtube videos only reinforced my desire to purchase the game. Having now played for a few hours, my interest has certainly been rewarded by what is a fine game already.In my first battle I somehow managed to capture an enemy unit (unknown in any game I have previously played ever!) I won two short introductory battles and then faced the Bull Run (or was that Shiloh?) battle, where playing as the Confederacy I had to defend, but later counterattack. I won again, but only after facing severe tests of my ""tactical awareness and willpower"". Forgive my confusion over the battle name, as I'm still recovering from the intensity of it all.A fine game. One guy in a metacritic review slated the use of sprites in a 2016 game, he wanted models? Well it does not bother me if the graphics are a bit dated (sprites) but it is the GAMEPLAY which is most important. Does the game AI give me a good challenge, maybe do surprising things so I have to respond, do hours pass by in enjoyable and rewarding activity.... all are answered .... YES!Cons: I'm still a bit confused over the buying of armaments after the major battle, did my buying of Springfield rifles really make a difference? I don't know yet, but I expect this part of the game will become clearer the more I play it.Overall, I'm very happy with UG Civil War, 8.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,502520,34672515,Posted: 1 September,all,Schoperation,"Nothing feels more satisfying than a perfect flanking volley or a canister shot that wipes a brigade off the map.If you have any interest in war games, especially with this time period, this game is worth a shot."
76561198006384665,Recommended,502520,33570381,Posted: 15 July,all,cryohellinc,Simply put - a Great strategy and tactics game for you. I sincerely hope we will see more variations of this concept. As an example - Russian Revolution.
76561198042721859,Not Recommended,502520,28282055,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Oro,"Allow me to preface this brief review while saying that I absolutely adored UG: Gettysburg to the last. With Total War slowly sliding into DLC-mongering and a steady drop of quality in every release since Shogun 2, Gettysburg was a little ray of hope for us real time tactical fans. Though punishing, Gettysburg was always fair. Any poor situation you got yourself in was squarely your own fault- Not that tweaks to the mechanics didn't strongly favor the Union in the last few months of its life-cycle.This game doesn't do that. A good deal of the scenarios feel more like puzzle game riddles- Something to replay over and over again until you solve them. The dev-created (nonhistorical) scenarios especially feature such wonderful additions as enemy reinforcements arriving on the flanks or rear of engaged armies. Historical battles are just as hard, simply because you're either massively outnumbered and defending or slightly outnumbered and attacking.I was incredibly dismayed to learn that the enemy force scales with yours. Rather than, say, being rewarded for decisive, crushing victories by slowly weakening the armies you fight, you instead find yourself facing waves upon waves of brain-dead AI zombies who can't do anything but zerg rush or hold to their trenches uselessly because you've outflanked them and it can't seem to drum up enough basic understanding to shift its line away from the now-obsolete defenses. This game is a step down from Gettysburg in every respect except scale- Infantry units mimic the Fall of the Samurai ""Tosa Shuffle"" by slowly sliding out of their positions. Attacking forces, instead of firing, require pristine micromanagment to ensure they don't simply march in parade formations to hapless demises against enemy trenches. What was an occasional targeting bug in Gettysburg has now become endemic as your men ignore the people shooting them to fire at enemies you're pretty sure they shouldn't be able to see.The enemy scaling to your army also presents a problem in that it renders anything in the camp except replacing dead or wounded commanders superfluous and encourages lazy cheese by way of playing battles in an indecisive way- Something that the best Civil War commanders didn't do. Lee and Grant were both known for having KO-oriented styles to use boxing match terminology, but this game punishes you for visions of decisive tactical outcomes.Also, the supply system doesn't work. Get rid of it. I was excited about it initially, but it literally does nothing. Your men keep firing infinitely after their ammo runs out. I'm surprised this was not pointed out earlier."
76561198007277649,Not Recommended,502520,31975211,Posted: 26 May,all,gcktroll,"Great concept, but fatally flawed in that your success or failure in battles means nothing.  There is no point in developing your units with better weapons, experience, whatever.  The enemy will always improve to match or exceed  you, and will always have greater numbers.  Nothing can prevent you losing most of your army every battle.  Whether you annihilate the enemy in a battle, or barely squeak through with a narrow win, the next battle will be the same."
76561198213291352,Not Recommended,502520,32068556,Posted: 30 May,all,jed7312,"Are you kidding me? I am a war strategy game junkie, but this game is one sided as hell! No way to create resources and if you lose the battle of Shiloh....you are done! I had the shiloh battle won and all I had was a few feet and I caputured the main objective. Then boom! It cuts to the next day and Grant has the holy♥♥♥♥♥♥force from hell of reinforcements and your side has no reinforcements at all and then they kick your♥♥♥♥♥ Not to mention the side battles that show up with a freakin army that could conquer a whole damn state. I love difficulty, but this is just impossible!  Add a way to create resources for the south, the way you have it now makes me regret I ever bought the game!"
76561198103082240,Recommended,502520,28395609,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,【HAN】falcofyc,"I WISH I was in Dixie, HOORAY! ! ! HOORAY! ! !https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUjLE_N1Cuc"
,Recommended,502520,31519105,Posted: 2 May,all,Shibbyland,"Excellent in almost every way. It would be nice to have more of a dynamic campaign but that's not really what this game is about.Army management is well done. The battles are some of the best I've played in any RTS game. Personally, I prefer them to other similar series' of games. I really like the sound and the game has progressed at a reasonably constant rate which is always good for an early access title.I personally don't see much replay value after having played each campaign once through but theres enough content here to make it worth buying."
,Recommended,502520,30627818,Posted: 19 March,all,Sandy Hook Was A Hoax,The south will rise again.10/10 Sean Hannity approves of this product.
76561198337277667,Not Recommended,502520,33591975,Posted: 16 July,all,Ylang-Ylang,"Since fanboys disliked my review, I am posting a new one, negative of course, but longer.First of all, I bought this game as an early access titule.I have been following the official forum and even posting there. The good thing is, there was, and still is an active community. The bad thing is the fact, that the DEVelopers have their own fuzzy vision of the game. Nick Thomadis the main person responsible for this production is not only blind, but also deaf. Players suggestions and ideas are being completely ignored.The main reason why I wrote a red review previously [and now I am updating it] and stated that hardly nothing changed here, is because It is a fact. The only new game content that was added, are side missions, and main missions. Thats it. There are tons of bugs, that we had to deal with since the very first released. Apparently the DEV announced a ""release"", sorry, I beg to differ. As for me, and I am sure a lot of other players will agree, game is nothing else but still an early access experience.If I was to write a list of all the issues that Ultimate General: Civil War has, that would be longer than The Lord of the Rings written by John Ronald Reuel Tolkien.If you are interested in Civil War, and would like to purchase this game to enjoy the campaign, know this, it is scripted, from the very first click you make. You will barely have any freedom. This titule was not meant for you to enjoy it, like the Total War games, it was made to recreate the battles that took part.Thats right. You get to experience what happened. Every single mission has a time limit, a very short one, which is forcing you play the game in a specific way. Imagine that you are in the middle of a battle, band bang, boom boom... then suddenly it is all over, because... there is no more time. I mean, seriously, what the ♥♥♥♥? I can not recall how mant times did I find myself in a camp because of the time limit. I want to keep on playing, decimate enemies, leave not even one standing. That unforunately is impossible. I want to use tactics, etc., I can not. You either get to rush forward, or defend.The latter the battle, the worst it is. Some are divided into parts. You have couple seconds to charge the left flank, then a magic teleportation to the right flank, and once again, now to the center. I hate it. Campaign has nothing to do with campaign. It is a bunch of missions that you complete exactly in the same order, pretty much the same way. Sure, you have a bit of field to maneuver, but if it takes to long, then prepare for defeat, and restart.Is that how a game is supposed to look like? No. There are plenty issues, mistakes, just a poorly made game. The idea is okay, but when it comes to execution, it leaves a lot of room for improvements.Get rid of the ♥♥♥♥ing time limit! For ♥♥♥♥ sake."
76561198020178837,Recommended,502520,26750194,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,fanoren,"Ever since I got this game I've fallen into a bit of a pattern.  I get home from work around 6, think to myself ""You know what?  I can probably play for an hour or two.""  Look at the clock after fighting a few battles, and it's 2 in the morning.  I think I may have a problem.  AND THAT PROBLEM IS WITH THE ENEMY!  THEY ARE STILL THERE!!  FIX BAYONETS!!!!!"
76561198163259653,Recommended,502520,34069948,Posted: 6 August,all,Mark Martin CSA,"This Game is good if you are looking for a laid back, fun civil war game. If you are hardcore fan of scourge of war gettysburg or games of that nature, UGCW might not be for you."
,Recommended,502520,31964659,Posted: 25 May,all,MaGicBush,"If you like strategy, the civil war, and commanding an actual army with thousands from a top down view this game is pretty fun. I have played 20+ hours so far and enjoy the game. There are a few things that could be improved upon however. The campaign is based on a scaling mechanic that is a bit annoying. As you play battle to battle the AI has infinite manpower and matches whatever you throw out. So keeping your army smaller actually makes the game a bit easier the way the AI works. This is an EA review near completion, but I expect within the next patch or two the game will launch and maybe this will be fixed.Regardless of that this game is fun to play, and it has a lot of strategy involved. You have to take hills, forests, towns, crops, etc into consideration. I would recommend anyone that likes real time strategy to buy this game."
,Recommended,502520,31160731,Posted: 15 April,all,MrElevenses,Best AI I've seen in a RTS for a while
76561198169136597,Recommended,502520,31265815,Posted: 20 April,all,kecrook,"This is an absolutely fabulous game. I will buy whatever they make next! The only problem is there's hundreds of real leaders, and no General George Crook.-Keith Crook"
76561198243356928,Recommended,502520,31020269,Posted: 8 April,all,Dwarflordfilms,I enjoy playing this game becuase it is historicly accurate(i love historical accuracy) with the battles feeling more like your actually comanding in them due to the differing difficulty which some games lack. That said i find the scripting should be more flexible like in some battles your ordered to fall back or take up new posiions because your being overrun when your not. But other than that fantastic game.
,Not Recommended,502520,34175428,Posted: 11 August,all,Team Elite Storm,get rid of the time limits i understand you want to make it hard but i would like to go in sandbox and see and deal it all at a time
76561198144986666,Recommended,502520,31535153,Posted: 3 May,all,Ragpicker,yes
76561198033011491,Recommended,502520,31596431,Posted: 6 May,all,Mike A,I currently have version 0.79 and have played around 20 hours as both Union and Confederate.  Considering this game is still in development I'm very impressed so far.  Haven't played other than campaign so I can't comment on other types of play.  I'm looking forward to the final version.
76561198007290272,Recommended,502520,31529916,Posted: 3 May,all,adam.steiner,"Best straight wargame I've played on a PC.  Great AI.  Really makes you feel that you are a general, rather than playing against a set of rules."
76561198002290002,Recommended,502520,31745460,Posted: 14 May,all,wazler69,"Absolutely amazing game, if you love the theme and strategy gaming.  It's fast pace and enthralling, every battle is different and a saga in itslef.  Very polished (for an early release) as well.  Can't recommend more"
76561197975404391,Recommended,502520,30625086,Posted: 19 March,all,SegFaulter,A modern manifestation of the fantastic Robert E. Lee Civil War General series. Really fantastic game. Looking forward to seeing how it progresses.
76561198007554280,Recommended,502520,30480110,Posted: 12 March,all,jkubow,Awesome game. Its an upscale version of sid meiers civil war which I loved.Most of the people with bad reviews clearly didnt read that it was an early access game.Meaning that it is still being tweeked and content is being added. Unforunately todays society has to have that instant gratification and have no patience.If your thinking about getting this game get it.
76561198123675870,Not Recommended,502520,30482355,Posted: 12 March,all,drstewartsherman,"I like the way it looks, but it keeps crashing. Bummer."
76561198006603954,Not Recommended,502520,29701014,Posted: 4 February,all,NL jojo,"I played the game more than 30 hours but its become boring. The main reason is that i''m missig a dynamic map, that will be more nicer than play a map after a map. Im not searching a clone of TW but it feel more historical en less repeating than on this way (you don't want do a new campaign because you have than the same historical battles). I also don't like the scaling in the game. Its unfair. And one tip; more colourful units would be nice:-) .There are also positive thing of the game;- generals (could only be have more specific traits )- game about the civil war :-)- units which you can upgrade and manage- the UI and the graphics- strategic view"
,Recommended,502520,32936230,Posted: 28 June,all,Hephaestus,Great game
,Recommended,502520,26637891,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,sleepy,much better than the original. its actually fun 2 play
,Recommended,502520,32738813,Posted: 24 June,all,Johan,Really goodbuy it
76561198145134032,Recommended,502520,34470416,Posted: 24 August,all,ly,fun game
76561197973664976,Recommended,502520,32184380,Posted: 4 June,all,mdennis1point1,"Good game. Lots of battles.  Plenty of value. Some balance issues, and its not quite tweaked in, but still lots of fun and alot of hours of gameplay."
76561198044584052,Recommended,502520,32150201,Posted: 3 June,all,riccardo,"This game is fantastic. THIS is a strategy game as it should be. It's not a frantic clickfest. This is about, you know, strategy.Positioning, terrain, concentration of forces etc.It makes me laugh reading so many reviews that moan and cry cause the game is ""hard"". IT IS supposed to be hard."
76561198000747817,Recommended,502520,31832987,Posted: 18 May,all,Mr. G,I am a huge fan of the Total War games so this game was  a must try for me.  The controls are a bit simplified but the amount of strategy in this game is not.  You don't have to fuss with making formations like in Total War but you are given a lot of tactical options.  This game is great and your army and campaign are what make it fun.  You keep your units from battle to battle so you get attached them and you can even change out their equipment which is half the fun.  It is a challenging game and anyone who likes strategy should give it a go.Here is my first look at the updated 0.78 version and how it compares with the previous build.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpmuVhFhaxc
76561198048187655,Recommended,502520,33890283,Posted: 29 July,all,huginanya,"since i bought this game i have not been able to stopm playing it,fantastic game,game play,different maps,campagn all with the history behind them all.Really enjoying playing this game.Thankyou,Civ V  IS GETTING IS GETTING A REST(just incase you thought i got the civ wrong CIV IV  is the worst game i ever played)You will not regret getting this game,i didnt"
,Recommended,502520,34307048,Posted: 17 August,all,Ribs,"It's great!  As an idea, a dynamic battlefield generator based on a location of the map would make it even more amazing!"
76561197969010968,Recommended,502520,26639695,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,morismichael,"Wow! its really good!!i love the attention to the small details, highly recommended!"
76561197967801070,Recommended,502520,31194397,Posted: 17 April,all,SickDog,"I love games of this type especially American civil war strategy games ( no im not american ) and in general this is a good game, BUT there are a few problems.. units are way to expensive, i no you have to improve your general ect but after every battle it cost nearly as much as you earn.. i struggle to get units to what i want them to do, in one battle i had to order my supply train and cavalry regiment like 100 times each to move in to another area.. in the cavalry's case it was to chase down the enemies supply train in which was like 2 inches away on the map and they wouldn't move no matter how many times i issued the order which took my attention away from the actual battle, and since the supply train wouldn't move my forward units ran out of ammo, kinda annoying but the good does out way the bad. If you want a RTS game that will make you strain the brain ( and rant at your screen ) get this one"
76561198029903975,Not Recommended,502520,35132874,Posted: 22 September,all,SugarySnax,"This game should have a demo. I bought Gettysburg but this game is quite different and it looks different. I played it, but I felt like I barely knew anything about how to control the troops or why this game was great. Seriously, it would take at least ten hours of gameplay for me to familiarize myself with things.Apparantly there is no way to fight a small battle. I thought it would be pretty obvious that some people would want to play a few games on a small scale but the devs feel differently. To me the big battles mean that things are always hectic and sometimes I like to relax. I never feel like I can zoom in or out enough. There isn't a way to record battles. I like to watch the action sometimes, but I think that would probably be dissappointing anyway since there isn't much eye candy like watching troops getting thrown around by cannon shells and things like that. I hated the fort battle.Seems like most of their effort went into realism, realism of terrain and the challenges the generals faced. That's admirable but I don't see where that's translating into fun. It seems to be a game for hardcore history types more than it is a gamer's game. I think if I keep the game I'll play it for another five hours out of guilt and then I'll avoid it like so many other games. I'm just not feeling that old ""I can't wait to play"" feeling.How does the game make me feel? I feel like its all over for me and gaming. Its like game companies don't know how to make a game that appeals to me anymore. Are they making games for a new generation that is a totally different type of human being. I think that may be possible. Depressing. Have so many gamers of my generation passed on that our tastes are not worth caring about? Could be. Even worse, game companies don't feel like they have to make a great game that has mass appeal. ""Oh, we'll just make it the way we like and you know, we don't have to please everyone or anyone. The important thing is we don't offend or alarm anyone.""  *Sigh*"
76561198008711063,Recommended,502520,29075183,Posted: 6 January,all,Lucky Lovelace,"I have seen a lot of negative reviews of this game claiming it is ""too hard,"" etc... I too thought this, until I began to understand the game mechanics. One major flaw with the game is that there is never a prompt to use your ""career"" points... I played a whole campaign without using them; I got to Shiloh and I was painfully outnumbered with far less divisions than I was facing. The problem is that without the adequate ""army organization"" points you cannot make additional divisions or corps which would allow you to have an even matchup in these earlier battles. By the time I got to Gaines' Mill I was defending with 2 divisions against 2 corps of enemies as Union. I finally restarted the campaign, this time adding extra points to my army organization through the introductory phase. Then I realized that you can simply go to the ""career"" tab when in the army formation phase and add points as I had performed quite well in the early battles, having already fought them with minimal troops. Once you add points to 'army organization' you can form much bigger corps which allows you to fully flesh out an army and present the maximum amount of forces when in battle. I see this as a design flaw because once I figured it out the game became much easier, although I lament that when first playing through I was fascinated by the micro managing of a small army against a much larger foe... I was playing through on the 'regular' difficulty on this last run through, in which I most recently won Fredericksburg as the Union by a very large margin. Another problem is the Confederacy was so whittled down that my last few battles were a breeze... Imagine if the Union won Fredericksburg handily... although historically inaccurate that doesn't make this any less of a game... This is by far one of the finest strategy games ever made, and I can't wait to see what the developers do in the future.... take my money."
76561198026044942,Recommended,502520,33829709,Posted: 27 July,all,aidanbishop,yo yo yo this is the beast yo. this is best war game. so hard. it makes me so hard. i am general. are you? no.......yoos a ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198007364426,Not Recommended,502520,30484092,Posted: 12 March,all,fisktgaw,the ai is always faster and never gets tired.to win melee you need to always out number them like 2 to 1.you canpretty much flank them all you want and hit them with arty and they stand there until it is advantageous for them to leave.there are so many flaws that i would need to write a short book.i can only hope that it will be fixed.the good news is i have already paid for it right.it is too bad you can't vote nuetral.i would give it at most 6/10.nice try but no cigar.
76561198037878122,Recommended,502520,33769586,Posted: 24 July,all,Oliver J. Shagnasty,"The only bad reviews I ever see for this game is from people who dont know how to play it, and i'll admit there is a bit of a learning curve. My first mission as the CSA was a complete crap shoot, Lee was rolling in his grave, but by the battle of Fredricksburg i felt like i could have taken my ragtag Corps of roughly 60,000 Rebs straight to Washington. The feeling of satisfaction you get at the end of mission screen tallying up total casualties, supplies gained/lost comes in no small amount regardless to what side you play on. This a good game that will frustrate you if you dont respect its mechanics. but once you understand how to look for proper terrain and work on brigade rotation and flanking manuvers this game becomes your oyster."
76561198012241920,Recommended,502520,28967347,Posted: 2 January,all,{L4DR} Major Coverby {Leader},"Lots of potential but the campaign is extremely difficult.  I just lost the second battle of bull run as the south and I was outnumbered 60,000 Federals to 6,000 Rebels.  Why would the Bull Run campaign be fought with 6,000 Rebels?  A real head scratcher from the designers...With that said, the individual battles are enjoyable, as long as you aren't outnumbered 3 or 4 to 1.I would wait until it comes on sale again."
76561198007850058,Recommended,502520,28967267,Posted: 2 January,all,DevilDriver,Awesome game! I love this historical accuracy and customization of your army. Use the terrain and cover with fire superiority and flanking tactics to beat larger/stronger units. This game is great but it has tremendous potential and I look forward to finished product as of the time of this post.
,Recommended,502520,28976834,Posted: 3 January,all,merrillflint,"If you like a good, challenging stategy game and/ or you really enjoy Civil War history, this game is for you.  Very good game, and apparently it's not even in its final state yet.  Here are some thoughts after a few hours of gameplay:Pros- very challenging AI. Even at the lowest level you will find yourself losing battles if you make mistakes.  Different game modes to enjoy. The campaing walks you through a number of different battles- you can level up yourself (gaining more recruits, the ability to command a larger army, etc), and also the troops under your command.  Or you can do a quick battle, or you can play any number of scenarios based on actual historical battles.  Cons- graphics look a bit dated (don't get me wrong- it's still a great looking game).  In campaign mode,  victory is almost always tied to taking or holdiing an objective for a set  amount of time - I think it would be better to have to force the enemy from the field - at  least in some of the campaings.Overall a great game!  Grab a copy and enjoy!"
76561198128192938,Recommended,502520,28991742,Posted: 3 January,all,ContentedChunk3,Excellent strategy game. This game is much easier than Ultimate General: Gettysburg
76561198052722450,Recommended,502520,28996774,Posted: 3 January,all,Bravecamel,"Hi. This must be my second comment on a game, like ever. Before this, i was playing UG Gettysburg, and it became an instant favorite. Before that, i was playing Wargame: Red Dragon, really hooked on it. I saved a bunch and have become almost obsessed with this little gem of a game. After many years playing different strategy games like C&C and other classics, i feel like i've finally found something refreshing and very challenging. This game, in my humble opinion, could be a milestone in strategy making, and i can only hope they'll keep adding new content and making games like this. Congratulations to the devs. Strongly recommended, along with Gettysburg."
76561198015551308,Recommended,502520,29019024,Posted: 4 January,all,<XII> Bicius,Fantastic game! Great strategy and balance.
76561198050029865,Recommended,502520,28947106,Posted: 2 January,all,TheYinot,"Great game! Unique when it comes to the tactical aspect, every unit is very important and greatly customizeable.I still don't really know what the efficiency does and I wish the game had explained that better (if anyone knows please tell me).It would also be cool if you could get a constructer unit which could dig ditches or obstacles which could make better tactical positions!The time is killing and sometimes you need to do a last minute rush to capture a position, I always time them right so I can hold the position for the required time but it is a bit unrealistic to end an attack mission with 'safed by the bell' (if you know what I mean.With the defend missions this is not relevant because the story explains (for example you need to hold them back so the main army can withdraw).Overall great game! I am curious to what more will be added. Totally recommend it!"
76561198183911817,Recommended,502520,28953148,Posted: 2 January,all,johnfwilloughby,This game is awesome I highly suggest trying it out!
76561198048801286,Recommended,502520,28959417,Posted: 2 January,all,andrewfavre4,"Overall I enjoyed this game, it is an improvment over Ultimate General Gettysburg. The AI still provides a good challenge the  enemy will routinley attempt to outflan you and keep you on your toes.Pros* The campaign is fun to playing though it is nifty that battle have more real life consequences for instance if a divisional commander is killed then they are dead and not comming back. Also if you lose a battle then the enemy gets an advantage in the next battle.* Customization of the units is really cool, you can name your brigades, arm them how you want, assign them commanders, and determine their skill sets.*    Battles are challeging and if you forget a portion of the battlefield then your troops will end up getting slaughtered or will break.*Adding surrendering units/ supply depots adds more realisim, (this is a mix bag as I have some cons about this.) Overall it is an improvment being able to capture troops adds more realism and being able to completly overwhelm the enemy and force a surrender is incredibly satisfyingCons* It feels like I have to kill the same generals over and over again, in the battle of Bull Run I captured Burnsides Brigade and when I looked at the unit info Burnside was dead (probally helped the Union) but in the verry next battle I captured Burnside's Brigade again and they were led by Burnside again.  I think it would be niffity if generals who die on the other side stayed dead.*The Original UG: Gettysburg offered more alternates to the historical battle, if the union held Mcpherson's Ridge then they could decide the next phase of their defense andit was more open to an alternative battle and I was a but disapointed when this feature was not present in that if the Confederates historicaly defended a Ridge then by god you are defending that ridge rather than an alternative stratgey.* THe supply waggons deplete way to quickly, if I have my wagons hangout by my arttillery then within 10 minutes my wagons are out of ammunition and completley useless.*Liberated prisioners of war shouldn't be able to shoot, if they are captured then they should remain unarmed for the rest of the battle and liberation shouldn't change that. Also it is infuriating that their is a POW exchange cap of 1000, because at times I've cpatured over 3,000 men but only got 1,000 recruits out of it where as in another battle I captured 700 troops yet still got 1,000 recruits* Sometime the routing is not the swiftest, I feel that the routed troops should always head towards freindly troops. I ended up losing the battle of Shiloh because I routed a unit of Confederate calvary  and they ended up routing towards pittsburgh landing and captured it and I lost the battle because of their stupid routing direction.*The campaign kdoesn't give you warning about when it just leaves you with your corps, the first two battles have allied troops with you and then after that it is just your forces, a little waring would have been nice that way i wouldn't blow all my money on my corp regiments and spent more points in orginization.Some Ideas for improvments*I'd like the oppritunity to play the minor engagments in a free play mode like the historical battles. Sometimes I don't have the time to play a full scale battle but would like to play the battle Perryville or South Mountian.*Having historic officers be given certian attributes like if they were a cavalry commander then putting them in charge of a cavalry regiment should boost the units skill where as if they were in charge of artillery then their command attributes be dimminished.* More decisions on what to do with prisoners, like exchange them for money, or get some information from them like commanders strengths and weaknesses and some information on the enemy.* More uniform options, this will probally work better for historical battles rather than campaign but if a unit would wear a unique uniform it would be cool to see it represented, or if at the battle Fredricksburg and Stones River (when added) the Union wore their light blue overcoats.Overall the game is great and I have enjoyed it alot, It offers alot of custimization with your units, offers a unique and entertaining fight.  The AI for the most part is intelligent and will rarley blunder (like in total war) and you can't just go set it and forget it in an assualt and it makes you more invested in the game. There are some componets that can be better but overall it is worth a buy and a look.8.3/10"
76561198036269430,Recommended,502520,28985594,Posted: 3 January,all,black6romeo,Finally a great game that i have been waiting on for years. Disappointed that the full game has not been released yet but excited for more. Best game i have played all year totally excedes BF1
76561198013036954,Recommended,502520,29013101,Posted: 4 January,all,Sparky,Awesome Game! I am really Enjoying it!
76561198122106087,Not Recommended,502520,27903936,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aiden_the _great,"Being a huge military history buff and a lover of military strategy games, I really thought that I would like this game. And I really tried hard to do so. I slogged through 100+ hours of gameplay trying to find something good about this game, but I just couldnt. There are a number of fundamental problems with Ultimate General: Civil War that make it a frusterating grind of a game.1) The First and probably the biggest, is enemy army upscaling. Lets say you pretty much wipe the enemy army in a major battle. You kill 90%, normally about 90,000 men, and you wasted the lives of 15,000 of your own to do that. But it doesnt matter. No matter how big you make your army afterwards, the enemy army will somehow manage to replace their casualties with better trained, and better equiped men at the next battle. Other then gaining a slight bonus in the next major battle, like maybe -5% to enemy army size, there is no point in wasting your men trying to win battles because the enemy army will always be bigger and better than yours. This also takes away any point in trying to make your army bigger because then the game just scales up the enemy army accordingly. Battles really have no effect on each other.2) The linear path of the game makes no sense in the context of war. You win the battle of gaines mill as union, but then you have to fall back to malvern hill and hold so that you can retreat? How does that make any sense. You cannot alter the course of the war at all, which makes it even more pointless to try to win battles.3) Enemy units also dont suffer from the effects of moral and fatigue like your men do. All they do is march up, fire one volley into your position and charge. They break, and then fall back just out of your range, and suddenly they reform (Your men take at least 8 times longer than that to reform) and charge again. And again, and again. They eventually break and or destroy your entire unit and you lose the point. This happens in every damn battle. The enemy never gets fatigued and they also dont have to worry about any casualties they take because they are auto matically replaced by the game after each battle. Your men however, are not, and you must replace them each time the enemy uses this tactic. They also have no evaluation of strategic value. You could be in the most insignifcant battle of a campaign, and the enemy will act like its do or die and send their entire army at you over and over, which kills most of your men, and if this happens right before a major battle, then you are screwed and there is nothing you can do (This specifically happens at cross keys for the confederates).4) To win battles you must hold the historical points. This points may have no strategical value anymore, but unless you have them then you lose or draw the battle, which gives you less money so that you cant replace the ridiculous amount of losses you just took trying to take these points. These points were important in the original battle because generals decided they were important, not because there was a giant marker in the ground saying ""You must hold this piece of ground or you lose."" Its just stupid and it changes the whole way the game is played. The worst part is that these points just turn into a slaughter fest as the AI throws all its men at you over this small point, which forces you to throw all your men into this small point to win. And since the doesnt have to worry about replacing casualties afterwards, they almost always win this fight.In conclusion dont buy this game. No matter how good you think it will be. Its not. Trust me. It can basically be summed up like this: Two armies trying to cram as many men into a small piece of ground as possible, except one army has unlimited weapons and men. Doesnt that sound fun and balanced?"
76561198007282680,Recommended,502520,26683426,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,dajarvi,"(Note: This is an early access review)After discovering a large gamebreaking patch, I decided to have another run through with UG: Civil War.Here's What I Think:AI DifficultyTo start, I decided to test the difficulties.  In the past, no matter what skill level was played, the AI seemed to have full armies and good weapons, no matter how many losses they acrrued.  With the latest update, I tried the""easy"" skill level to see how things went.  From beginning to end, I literally stomped on the confederacy.  As the campaign unfolded I accrued total victories from one scenario to the other, beefing up my stats (which got to the point that after Gettysburg everything was maxed out except two of the given career point options), fielding a whole battalion of elite troops, maxing out all available top tier weapons, and getting kind of bored.  It was actually ""easy"".  I haven't tried the other difficulties, but given that easy is now easy, I imagine the difficulty increases with each setting.Career OptionsI still don't like having to use career points to establish reconnaisance.  In fact, playing on easy, I realized the whole career-point allocation system could use a little work.  It needs more options, options that make sense, and the player shouldn't be able to master all career slots, but should have to choose his career direction by allocating most of his points in a given direction.  As I stated before, playing on easy, my general was a god.  Medicine was maxed out, army organization was maxed out, ect.  And I still had three more scenarios to go.This late in development I'm sure we won't see any changes to this part of the game, but they did make changes to the AI difficulty, which is significant.  I hope to see a broader, more complex career mechanic to enhance the feeling of being a general, being in a war, and not being a god.My concern is that it limits replayability once the player learns that mid to late game the whole career thing actually isn't all that exciting.In addition, concerning leveling troops, I know there are options you can choose to make your regiments better, but I found the mechanic rather linear because I found that I usually chose the same options for every troop type.  Not enough variation.I feel the same way about weapon variations as well.  It's odd that every regiment has to be equipped with the same rifles or cannons.  There is no variation amidst the troops on what they are equipped with.  I know that would make the game more complex, but this could be mitigated by instead of purchasing individual weapons to have those weapons be called ""pachages"" or something.  For instance you purchase a package of muzzle loaders, the quality of the package and how it effects the troops firing range, ect. could be dependent what type and quantity of muzzle loaders are in that package.  It would solve the issue of not being able to bring more recruits into a regiment because I ran out of one particular type of weapon.The Battle MapsI know the developers have received a lot of criticism on the new map system they've developed.  As a former player of Gettysburg, I absolutely missed not having the names of roads or farms or hills or ect.  It was a neat dynamic.  However, I've come to enjoy the new look and feel of the battle maps.One mechanic the developers haven't capitalized fully upon is the ability to zoom on the map.  Can you zoom, yes.  In and out and you can change the view so you can see the hills.  But what I would like to see are the names of the roads and the farms and the hills and ect when I fully zoom out.  It would help me piece together more accurately what is actually happening and where as the battle unfolds.Having an overlay map would provide a more historic feel, plus it would like cool, providing that ""Gettysburg"" kind of feel without ruining the current map design.ConclusionPros*Battles are intense, fun, and original.*Maps are well constructed*Visuals are unique and fun*The ability to equip soldiers with better weapons to kill the enemy*The ability to reinforce depleted troops with veterans or gruntsCons*Career mechanic is shallow*Needs an overlay map to provide more detailed descriptions of the battlefield*Not enough variation in leveling up troops.*Troops can only be equipped with one type of weapon per regiment.  If you run out of that one type of weapon you can't recruit anymore troops into that regiment unless you change out tthe weapon.Overall, Ultimate General: Civil War is a fantastic game, but is somewhat flawed by shallow mechanics.  It's a step forward from UG: Gettysburg concerning the actual battles you play, but the mechanics involved with the Base Camp need to be further fleshed out before release.7/10ThanksDaniel McGlone"
76561198066035141,Recommended,502520,28107423,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,A deplorable,I like this Game! This Game dose brings the American Civil War to live.
,Recommended,502520,29306926,Posted: 16 January,all,JMcDerm1233,"The only problem I have with this game is the difficulty. In the Confederate campaign, for example, the second mission is near impossible. You are way too outnumbered holding a small fort and you get very little reinforcements. It's a cool game but the gameplay needs to be fixed"
76561198093802291,Recommended,502520,28265477,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,rcr2879,"This is esentially the sequel to Robert E. Lee Civil War General  released ages ago.  The only difference is that this is in real time, and looks to have many more battles when complete.  It is certainly more than enjoyable, even in the early stages of development.Some have complained that the AI cheats in that the player will always fight an enemy greater than himself, no matter how many times he smashes the opposing army.  This is due to the mechanics.  My hope is that the next itteration we may see a Total War style game in which the states are the centers of production and Armies will move around on the map.  But that is a wish at this point,Until then, this is the next best thing."
76561198009019172,Recommended,502520,31959193,Posted: 25 May,all,Relentless D,"I love this game. If you are looking for all the goodness of some civil war tactics and fun and exciting gameplay look no further. I have played a multitude of civil war games and this one is excellent. The campaign and grooming your army into a fighting machine alongside many battles... Its just great. It looks good, plays fun and if youre into the american civil war it will leave you pleased and provide many playthroughs trying different things."
76561198358534861,Recommended,502520,30485148,Posted: 12 March,all,[15th SC Company C] Aaron,This game is one of the best games I've ever played in my life. UG.CW is really unique in so many ways that it stands out from the rest. This game is a must buy and definetly a must play.
76561198011029320,Recommended,502520,30499696,Posted: 13 March,all,Nango,"Very good strategic rts. As well, the devs have been updating regularly and making the game much much better as weeks go on.Highly recommended"
76561198062263163,Recommended,502520,30798395,Posted: 28 March,all,Da Panda,"I really like this game it has a very unique style to it.My main probelm with the game is how touchy the mouse is. For example i dont know why, but sometimes my units would start to get closer to the enemy and break the long line of my infanty that i had. Then i would tell them to walk back wards to get back in the line. Which as you could probably guess tears the unit apart getting shot in the back and the moral just drops by a ton. Like its irritating because i never wanted the unit to move in the first place. So besides that the artillary seems usless in general i usually never take more then a single unit of five in my entire bridage and go pretty much strictly rifle and skirmish units. Other then that i really enjoy this game."
76561198093947970,Recommended,502520,30817680,Posted: 29 March,all,tbcolts61,"This game is awesome, cant wait to see what it looks like finished. Hope they continue to make these types of games because they have a great management aspect that is hard to find other places."
76561197972824874,Recommended,502520,30292224,Posted: 3 March,all,eg evo,"Kudos! This game is a gem.As you probably figured, in this game you pick your side (Union/Confederates) and build up your own Army  - from a single Corps with a couple Brigades in just one Division to a much larger one including up to 30 units, each of them customized by its experience level, commanding officers and equipment!)You'll get to fight small engagements to improve your army before tackling the larger historical battles of the Civil War, and although you'll fight ""real time"", the game allows for enough control not to get overwhelmed with information.Of course, the game is still early access and there are a few bugs to address - routing units recover too quick in my opinion and they behave very stupidly when close to the edge of the map, but the game is still very playable and enjoyable as it is.At this point, I'm stuck at the end of the battle of Gettysburg, since that's how far the devs are, but I'm really impatient to see the upcoming ones ;)(and I hope the devs are already thinking about something like Ultime General: Napoleon ^^)"
,Recommended,502520,30324163,Posted: 4 March,all,The Virginian,A great game well worth the money in my book if you like these kinds of games.
76561198014615543,Recommended,502520,30377325,Posted: 7 March,all,mace78,Simply the best historical strategy game I have played in years. I have so far logged 85 hours on the game and have played through the avilable levels twice as each faction and it gets better each time. Must play for anyone who loves the original Total War games before the became too bloated and for anyone who truly loves a tactical challenge on the battlefield. Great Stuff!
,Recommended,502520,30449288,Posted: 11 March,all,mak_47,"I've been playing the game for a few months and have found it very enjoyable and addictive.When i first got the game i was unsure that i would like it as i have played Take Command and Scourge of War which are pretty decent and detailed battle simulators and this seemed a bit too arcadey for my liking.  In comparison to those titles, it is a lot more arcadey but at the same time much more accessible and that is good if you dont always have lots of time on which to play the game.The one or two negative reviews of the game focus on realism in the use of artillery and criticims of the campaign game.  To some extent they are fair criticisms but this is a game based on US Civil War battles, it is not a US Civil War battle simulator.The battles are fun with a very good UI and the campaign is engrossing.I would definately recommend the game to anybody who enjoys strategy and tactical battle games."
76561198352905908,Recommended,502520,30474548,Posted: 12 March,all,gunny119,"The best Civil War game ever made.  I have been playing Civil War games since my first computer.  I love them.   This is the best and biggest yet.  At first I thought it wasn't very big but, that was because I was getting smoked.  Once I changed strategy I started winning and found out the campaign gets HUGE.The size, detail, and historical accuracy are so impressive.  I have put a huge amout of hours into this game because it is addictive and your decisions change everything.So replayable that you can't wait to start again.It will be amazing as this game gets even more expansive."
,Recommended,502520,30506497,Posted: 14 March,all,hiddensmoke,"If your a fan of tactical battle mechanics. This is an easy choice. Everything about it is good. The one downside is the campaign is not really dynamic. Battles are going to happen no matter what, all you can influence is minor statistics for the opposing side. +/- 10% weapon quality or troop numbers, that sort of thing. Which is all based on whether or not you win the previous battle. Fine, fine its a large string of set piece battles that you bring your continous army between.It is good though and I will continue to play it."
,Recommended,502520,30521241,Posted: 15 March,all,horrific existence,"The Campaign isn't there yet, it has good ideas, and promise, but just is still very much an alpha.The historic battles are great, it honestly feels like the civil war RTS we've been waiting for since divided nation."
76561198006654708,Recommended,502520,30807153,Posted: 28 March,all,demodletc,"The game that best gives the sense of commanding a wide sweeping battleground. I recommend it , but be prepared to learn the finer points and put the time in."
76561198006534458,Recommended,502520,31297571,Posted: 22 April,all,Metal_Grunt,"This game is incredibly strategic and foucses on good understanding of terrain, planing and foward thinking instead of ""click really fast to win."""
,Recommended,502520,31575180,Posted: 6 May,all,Screaming-Eagles101,"this is a great game but i have not been able to get past the first battle with either the confederates or the Union army. Also each time i play the game its like the enemy has learned what i did in passed battles and i keep getting beat. i would recommend this game to anyone that likes the civil war but you are going to have a very hard time getting past the first battle. i wish there was a strategy guide that can help you out in beating the game and how toalso  get through all of the politics side of the game. other than the very hard time i am having getting past the very first battle of the game i think this is a very good game and that alot of time went into the making of this game. If you guys can come out with a strategy guide for this game it would make it even easier for some people who do not really know how to play games like this(LIKE ME), or you could put an even easier mode like Captain."
76561198035650656,Recommended,502520,31943942,Posted: 24 May,all,[1stTX.F] 1stSgt Saris,"This game is honestly amazing, it puts you in the battle. I'm going to tell you about experience as the Confederates during thte First Bull Run.It was July 21, 1861, a brand new commander has risen through the ranks after defeating many small detachments of Federal forces. The Confederate government in Richmond sent him to assist P. G. T. Beauregard at the Manassas Junction aftering hearing reports of Federal Movements that crossed the Potomac and headed his way. Beauregard was not expecting the Federals to hit his left flank so  he gave the commander 2 Brigades of Infantry, 1 Brigade of Cavalry and 1 battery. He was ordered to hold the stone bridge against any force that might oppose him. While waiting for the imminent attack, the commander heard rumors of Federals trying to get around his extreme left flank and he ordered his only brigade of cavalry to head towards Matthew's Hill. Soon as the cavalry galloped off into the distance hills. He could hear thousands pairs of boots hitting the ground in the distance. Then, after waiting all morning, the attack finally came, starting off with cannon shots. He ordered one of his infantry brigades to a defensive barrier right above the stone bridge, which gave enough cover for the men to reload and shoot upon the incoming Federals. He ordered the other infantry Brigade to head up river to a patch of trees because there were more rumors of a flanking maneuver by the Federals up river. Lucky his brigade caught the Federals in the open and cut them to pieces, forcing them back. His battery was firing away at the incoming Federals, doing maximum damage to the expose columns. The commander thought that everything was under control until he heard of a new infantry column headed his way. The commander knew if he was attack Beauregard would send reinforcements but none has came yet. He also knew that Johnston was in Winchester and he would come if Beauregard would be attacked. But finally help came, it was Hampton's Legion, the commander ordered Hampton to run towards Matthew's Hill because the hill is a stragetic ground to hold. The cavalry he sent towards Matthew's Hill sent a runner relaying information about movements towards the north, a Federal column looking to capture Matthew's Hill. Lucky Hampton's Legion made it to the House before the Federals did and entrenched themselves for the impending attack. But the Federals that were headed towards the Matthew's Hill were bigger than expected and forced Hampton's Legion back. At the same time, his right flank was about to be overrun by the large infantry column supported by battries. He knew he had to retreat or they would be overrun. So the commander sent runners to all brigades to fall back towards Herny House Hill, a key strategic location where the commander could consolidate his forces and form a line against the Federal onslaught. The brigade he sent up river had to form a line to hold off the Federal cavalry that was trying to get near his only battery and supply wagon. Hampton's legion ran as fast as they could to escape the Federal push towards Matthew's Hill. The cavalry detachment made it back and was escorting the artillery across a shallow stream just north of Henry House Hill. With all of his forces in retreat, it was looking bleak for the commander but then he saw Beauregard himself with fresh troops who were able to form a defensive bulge agaisnt the Federal's attack. But it seemed like the Federals were growing stronger every minute. Fresh Federal brigades were pouring into the open, it seemed like there was no way he could stop this force from over running his position on Henry House Hill. But with a strike of luck, Thomas J Jackson arrived with his regiments of Virginians, who were able to plug any gap in the line. Even though his men were in good defensive position, they were slowing being killed off by combined artillery and rifle fire. The commander ordered his all the batteries he had at disposal and sent them close enough to the Federal line to shower them with grape shot. This was working, giant holes were being ripped open thanks to the precise shots of his cannons. But still, it seemed like if one Federal was shot down, another would take his place. Federals attempted many charges on his left flank but all where repulsed. The Federals were pushing farther and farther forcing his lines back. The only hope the commander had left was in the hands of Johnston who had to be close. If Johnston couldn't arrive in time, the commander would be forced off the field and give victory to the Federals. Most of his brigades were spent, they were losing more men than they could sustain. It seemed like victory was lost. But in the distance, there was a rebel flag waving with thousands of fresh troops behind it arriving in Manassas Junction. It was Johnston and his army, The commander order Johnston and his men to hit the Federal right flank, most of these yanks have been fighting since their first attack on Matthew's Hill and were tired. They couldnt hold against fresh troops and Johnston's attack forced them to run for their lives. With the Federal right flank collapsing. All brigades that were free, pushed against the Federal center and left flank. These Federals could not resist this counter attack and they fled in dispair like their comrades on the right flank. The commander was able to reclaim all of the land he lost since the beginning of the battle, the federals were on the run leaving many rifles and cannons in the dust, allowing them to be captured by the pursing Confederates. This was a stunning victory for the confederates and the commander, it showed that this man would be on a road to establish the Confederate States of America, free from the tyranny of the north. All across the southern states, cities and towns blew up with celebration, this battle looked like it would be a devastating defeat for the south but was turned around and turned out to be a decisive victory instead.This was my experience with my first major battle in my campaign to free the south from Lincoln and his tyranny. 10 out of 10 would expose the yanks again"
76561198007627209,Recommended,502520,30328490,Posted: 4 March,all,jarrod.temby,An epic and easy battle system that actually makes you feel like you are a small piece of a much bigger puzzle. Also a big move away from the arcade systems being chased by so many triple A games and as such a much needed rts from any perspective.
,Recommended,502520,30643472,Posted: 20 March,all,ian,"This is hands down one of the most realistic RTS games out there. This is not anything like Total War, and if you are ok with that, buy this game and support the devs.Also, I am 32 hours into this game and I'm not even halfway through this game."
76561198044364514,Recommended,502520,30931777,Posted: 3 April,all,NMEsoldier,"A vast improvement over Ultimate General: Gettysburg.Your skills in RTS will be strained as each and every decision you make will have long term benifits/ consequences. It is not as simple as ""win every battle at all costs"", for excessive casaulties and poor choices in equipping your army will indefinitely affect the course of your campaign. Your campaign could even be cut short by you being relieved from the army.Sidenote: when it comes to campaign, just stop at after Gettysburg. The rest of the levels are horribly designed in terms of army scaling and deployment.And with the absence of multiplayer, this game has little replay value."
76561198019604637,Recommended,502520,30949524,Posted: 4 April,all,Heretix,"Darth has done it again!! He has taken one of the darkest chapters in U.S. history and made it one of the best strategy war games ever all while it's in early access. The game will only continue to improve, Darth has never let us down before. It is far more in depth than Gettysburg with some really enjoyable campaign features."
,Recommended,502520,30421189,Posted: 9 March,all,ZigZag,This game is awesome if you like history and strategy this game is for you and  anyone on the fence of buying it do it you won't regret it.
76561198033465823,Recommended,502520,30440963,Posted: 10 March,all,mathias.holland,"Great game, just eats up the hours."
,Recommended,502520,30779577,Posted: 27 March,all,Matnor,"Wow, this game is awesome! I've been playing it for +68 hours now, both as Union and CSA. I've been playing most civil war games from the SSI Gettysburg - the turning point, Sid Meier's Gettysburg up until this game. The Ultimate General is currently THE civil war strategy game. Hopefully the full version will come with some more features and with some more balancing."
76561198127567936,Recommended,502520,31024373,Posted: 8 April,all,Maréchal Davout,Really liking it!
76561198047344005,Recommended,502520,31186823,Posted: 16 April,all,SaltyFish,"Great, the whole Civil War instead of just Gettysburg. I like this a lot! Not since Civil War Generals 2 (Sierra) has it been this good. I especially like the flexibility to choose different paths, modify equipment and organization and strength. I am totally in."
,Recommended,502520,31609672,Posted: 7 May,all,Irbisgreif,"Great game, even in early access."
76561198004763212,Recommended,502520,29124368,Posted: 8 January,all,tallpez,Definitely an amazing follow up to Ultimate General: Gettysburg.  Plays great for an early access game.  Would buy again in a heartbeat.
,Recommended,502520,29131607,Posted: 8 January,all,TheWOnderfulMrMicFister,Great game! Early acess offering limited but ample content to keep you busy for days!
76561198079285614,Recommended,502520,29133799,Posted: 8 January,all,chasebleonard,"Excellent game, I'm sure with all the feedback they are receiving it will turn out even better in the final product. I would buy now just to get it for less than what it will be later."
76561198007246123,Recommended,502520,29150310,Posted: 9 January,all,clevans32885,Excellent Game!!!
76561198344533962,Recommended,502520,29172909,Posted: 10 January,all,pwmoody1229,Love the strategy and continual game play through the campaign. Easy to learn but enough variables to make it challenging. Can't wait for the rest of the game to be released!
76561198049105840,Recommended,502520,27913785,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Terminator26,If you like killing dumb Yankee's then this games for you
76561198016303836,Recommended,502520,28695442,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ajimbert,"I just purchased this game and it's a great addition to the real-time strategy genre. I've played it a bit too much for the time I've had it, but the gameplay is addictingly simple. The AI is challenging, long-term strategy is required, and plus it looks pretty. The developers are still generating content and finishing the campaigns but so far I've found this game to be spectacular and combines a lot of the best points of gameplay from my favorite civil war strategy games. From the order of battle management of Civil War Generals 2, to the smooth user interface and real time action of the Sid Meier's games this even gives the Total War franchise a run for its money for enjoyment and challenge, although it leaves behind the higher order faction management. Definitely worth it, and a joy that keeps frustrating and challenging, as any solid strategy game should. Keep on keeping on, development team!"
76561198031534901,Recommended,502520,26643564,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Overrun,I played the first battle and I must say this is worth a buy. This game has a lot more bang for the buck with room for DLC's. Where's General Grant when you need him :).  If your thinking about it buy it. It's that good !
,Recommended,502520,26678130,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,mickieMcGee,this game is good now im too lazy to tell u why so ima tell u 1 thing (3)1.so the game is so bautiful and it plays great like gameplay is so fun2.u dont need to worry bout the frames u guys prbbly think that like a massive battle will dorp ur frames but no frames r caped at 4000 fps or some thing (well not 4000 but u guys get the point)3.thats it i lied bout the 3 thing i only had 2 srry but this game is great u should buy highly reccomend
76561198007269307,Recommended,502520,29435163,Posted: 22 January,all,[SHD]SteelWarrior,"Sort of a blast from the past, takes me back to the days of playing a version of Gettysburg on DOS.  Used to be a fairly common strategy settings back in the 90s, not so much anymore.  Was happy to see this game appear in the store, picked it up and while there are some issues with the game, overall its very engaging and enjoyable.   Would recommend."
76561198007228107,Recommended,502520,33838465,Posted: 27 July,all,Dusk1111,"This game is really good, just make sure to keep the div. close and nvere get flanked. Because the enemy will do his best  to flank ou."
76561198002187838,Recommended,502520,33851038,Posted: 28 July,all,Friit,Very nice game. It is nog difficult to learn the game and the game play is easy to use. Very addictive cannot stop playing and restart battles to do better.Playing at medium difficulty is hard enough for me
,Recommended,502520,29288231,Posted: 15 January,all,[CM]⚡KingTiger⚡,"Great game, only, wish you could zoom in more, but still, the mecahnics, and overall funness make up for it."
76561198008294260,Recommended,502520,34111635,Posted: 8 August,all,Taeostine16.0,Very good game
76561198413490721,Recommended,502520,34342810,Posted: 18 August,all,tyler,Great game!!!
76561198008419010,Recommended,502520,33545191,Posted: 14 July,all,Marquis of Montrose,"This is na excellent game, while the graphics are workable the gameplay is great. Playing the union is easier than the csa as you would expect. Takes me back to the 1990s where there were some great games in this genre. I would have liked to have had some traditional music and songs of the era playing in the game. with instruments and humans singing. However great game and I love playing it. The AI is smart and I find each time I play the same battle the AI changes the approach tries to out smart you and is always changing its approach."
76561198086976810,Recommended,502520,33489258,Posted: 12 July,all,The Crusader King,"I loved this game, it let me fight out the civil war as a confederate and a fed. The graphics were good with the game setting and i really liked the campaign"
76561198077713521,Recommended,502520,33496140,Posted: 12 July,all,mobileterror666,"Ultimate General: Civil War is, in my opinion, the best tactical linear warfare game on Steam at the moment. Although the game is still in early access, the developers are tirelessly working to refine an already amazing Civil War game. Currently, there is a Campaign mode and historical battle scenarios that you can play. Personally, my focus has been on the Campaign mode. The developers have included a wide variety of features including: the possibility to build, arm, and level your troops through combat; you can incease your character's competance as a military officer by gaining rank and through increasing his abilities by developing his skills by winning battles;  there is a wide array of historical officers that you can recruit and give them the command of their historical outfits (e.g. Samuel Carroll's ""Gibraltar Brigade); and much more.Although the game is great a it stands as an early release, I'm hoping the evelopers will release DLC in the near future."
76561198349449517,Recommended,502520,33504788,Posted: 13 July,all,hutchdaddy05,"Great RTS for History Buffs, I love the level of detail that the game provides including actual battle information, Officer names ect. This game has bit of a learning curve though I will warn, but it should not be anything difficult to grasp for a seasoned RTS player. Great Game."
76561198097860402,Recommended,502520,28532933,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,jgualy,It's a great game to play!
,Recommended,502520,28570685,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Cpl. Koala,"I know I dont have much time in this game at the time of writing - but this is without question an excellent title. For Total war fans and strategy die-hards alike, this is a no brainer. Incredibly well done rpg/rts environment, likeable artstyle and enjoyable campaign features. This is by far the most excellent strategy game I've played in years."
,Recommended,502520,28552433,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,BlueOrange,Thoroughly engaging.  Extremely credible combat simulation with a nice interface.  It sounds exactly like a Civil War re-enactment; the sound of musket fire popping like a thundercloud and the accompanying white smoke is oddly soothing.
76561198006706662,Recommended,502520,26791083,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,|GMT| Mud Crab,"If you like being swarmed by enemies without count, this is the game for you."
76561197984490772,Recommended,502520,28196885,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Nono,"Great strategy game! Definitetly worth the buy even as early access, specially if you like the Civil War period.I hope they build on it in future versions and add some more campaign features."
76561198019864139,Recommended,502520,28479520,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,CrashtestDummy,"I was pleasantly surprised to find this game, made an impulse buy, and was far from disappointed. It reminds me of Sid Meier's Gettysburg, just like it's predecessor, Ultimate General: Gettysburg. The addition of building up your own army, along with some minor battles, make this game great. I have some high hopes for Game - Labs now, and if they can find a way to make the Campaign portion of the game as strong as the Tactical portion, they'll get more money from me."
76561198026636462,Recommended,502520,28462404,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,meclayton6,"It is not a complete game. But it very promising.The decisions you make are meaningful tactically and strategically. You are constantly concerned with giving your units combat experience to develop elite units while protecting your fighting capabilities for future engagements while achieving enouhg battlefield success so the politicians don't fire you.For now however, the decisions are somewhat directionless in campaign mode as there is no end-state other than getting fired.Meaning that how I played the game in this iteration (0.68) could very well change in the future.Definitely worth a buy if you enjoyed ""Ultimate General: Gettysburg."""
76561198101454150,Recommended,502520,28192265,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,kenholtz1982,Buy this game before they figure out that its worth more!!!
76561197961291573,Recommended,502520,28433428,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Buddah,Way better than Gettysburg!
76561198006181094,Recommended,502520,26766922,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,karl_meers,a very brilliant thought out game. that keeps you coming back and back again.
76561198046472166,Recommended,502520,30662806,Posted: 21 March,all,Banjofrawg,"Just finished the campaign all the way through Chickamauga as the Confederates. Very happy with the gameplay, but I hope  we are able to see some alternate battles when history is changed. I understand that the game is set up to play each battle as an independent campaign, and its nice that additions to the army stack over time, but I don't think I ought to have to fight Gettysburg after winning Sharpsburg, or Chickamauga after winning at Shiloh. As a matter of fact, I didn't lose a single major battle.I'd also like to see the enemy army take reputation damage and carry casualties inflicted. Maybe even have seperate armies in the Eastern/Western Theatres so that I can't use my elites in the defense of Jackson for instance.I only bring up expanding the game because this is single handedly the best Civil War game I have ever played, and I've played them all since ""Shiloh"" on my PC Junior. I absolutely love this game.PRO:-I like the system for upgrading the army and its abilities. No problem with the way the points are earned or spent.-The graphics are sufficient and the gameplay is smooth.-The battlefields are nicely done, and seem pretty accurate to my knowledge.-No problem with the way that battles are scened out. I won Gettysburg on the first day through elite infantry charges.CON:-I want more, but only because whats done is great!-I'm terrible with cavalry, so Brandy was a nightmare.I could see this game developing into a monster. A theatre overview map for manuevering armies into position could be amazing. Maybe a real time railroad system on the overview. City development? Technology reasearch? Naval battles? Blockades? I know, I know, but I can dream."
,Recommended,502520,26860357,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Frosty,"The first Ultimate General: Gettysburg was a somewhat short, but amazing historical RTS. Ultimate General: Civil War takes that game and expands it with a campaign mode, in which you manage your army as you try to either matain the Union, or win secession from the United States of America. Either side has its flaws and traits, with the Union having more resources, but Confederate soldiers being more determined and hardened fighters. Graphically the game is simple, viewed as if you were observing a map changing in real time. While appearing 2D, the maps actually have a depth to them, in which the units can take advantage of. Hills increase line of sight and firing ranges, forests that obscure vision, valleys, and ravines to traverse through. The sound effects are well done too, as if you were hearing a battle occuring in the distance, musket fire, bayonets and swords clanging, orders and cheers.If you're a history buff, and are interested in the US Civil War, and a RTS fan, I would highly suggest this game. While there isn't any kind of base building, the game has a layer of strategy that can have to turn battles where you're out numbered in your favor if played out right."
76561198087414999,Recommended,502520,26668691,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Zul,3 hours in and stuck on river crossing which was a 'minor' battle.huh who knew crossing a river can result in thousands dead?not me.im bad at this game.10/10 would sweep away the blood of my army in the before untainted river again
76561197966433686,Recommended,502520,26669037,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,The Bodily Fluid of Christ,"Loved Ultimate General, and I would have been happy with just more of that - but the campaign systems here are great. Way more detail than I expected - you can form new corps, divisions, assign officers, exchanged prisoners for new troops, equip units with new and captured weapons. The operational level has been added, basically. Movement seems a bit more fiddly, at least by way of placing a unit block ala TW. Using left mouse to drag an arrow path still works great (not sure why I defaulted to the other method at first when I booted it up).Recommended for any wargamers, or any ACW fans."
,Recommended,502520,26676728,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,TomServo3k,"Great game that isn't complicated, but doesn't hold your hand.  Perfect amount of strategy and army building that will keep you occupied for hours.Developers have a fantastic record of updating their games and interacting with the community (Just check out Ultimate General: Gettysburg).If you enjoyed UG Gettysburg as much as I did - This game is a no brainer."
76561198006612539,Recommended,502520,26679202,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Blitzacgt,Super in depth gameplay.  Very Immersive.  I am hoping for a few things at full release.  I highly recommend for those armchair generals out there.
76561198021615515,Recommended,502520,26681554,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,nate186,I love this game and I am really excited about the updates coming. I am not very good yet but I am enjoying every minute. I a really hope they add multiplayer though!.
76561198008164494,Recommended,502520,26682694,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SABER*,like the game very much .map is beautiful.added alot more to the game since the first one.can't belive its the hole civil war.been looking for something like this for along time.And the supplyend of it makes you carful how you move your troops around
76561197993840520,Recommended,502520,26685016,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,onymous,Career-mode UG:G. So much more to do in this one.
,Recommended,502520,26685221,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Gold Man Sacks,"Amazing game, its already pretty much finished there are no major bugs and the only thing that is really missing for the most part is just some polishing up, for example the audio confirmations when you do something in the menu sounds straight out of the 90's from an arcade or something lol, but its clearly just a place holder and is no big issue at all.10/10"
76561198011541385,Recommended,502520,26699684,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,anthony1414s,I have played Ultimate General: Gettysburg and that was good.  Playing Ultimate General: Civil Warhas been great.  I love it.  It is tough and hard to Master and the AI keeps pushing you to be better.I look foward to many many many more hours of playing.
76561198031384864,Recommended,502520,26703209,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,MCBigOil66,"This game developed the excellent tactical strategy game Ultimate General: Gettysburg into a fully-fledged Civil War campaign game where you can take ""your"" Corps through the different battles of the Civil War, promoting (and losing) generals, equiping your men with the right type of riles/artillery, and deciding how to allocate your resources between your brigades. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes Civil War games or strategy games in general."
76561197980173411,Recommended,502520,26704662,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mucka,"My introduction to this game was in beta so still lots more content to come, which is amazing as there are so many hours of content just in this cut down beta version.For anyone who enjoys this type of historical RTS I would say this is a must buy.There are many huge single battles to be played as well as a wonderful campaign which has you embark on your civil war career for either side. This is not just a gimmic as it provides added depth, tactics and stratergy - from how to build and outfit your armies to what course your career takes as the war rages on.The only downside is that at time of writing there is no multiplayer but the AI is far superior to most games of this type and will react realistically and skillfully with no hidden cheaty algorithms to disguise weak coding like some games (cough)On top of all this there is a custom game mode which wasn't fully fleshed out at time of writing and still to come campaigns that cover the entire civil war.If you are unsure if  you will like it try the previous game from this developer, Ultimate General Gettysberg, which is quite cheap but  much more limited in scope (sill provides many hours of gameplay though) - if you like that you will go crazy for this!Ir was just over £20 when I purchased it, an absolute bargain. Buy it!"
76561198012742074,Recommended,502520,27915376,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,gregan146,This game is fantastic. Hardly any bugs in early access. I would recommend this game to all my friends. I only hope they make it multiplayer. If they did that then this game would get a perfect score.
,Recommended,502520,28014560,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Famu_Fam_Fam,"This is actually a challenging game to play.  It hass many pros and cons, but for me the pros outweigh the cons.  It has a great gameplay, very challenging battles and objectives, and it is realistic.  The major drawback is that I wish it had advanced commands that you could give, such as refusing a brigade's lines to meet attacks from at least two directions.(though that order might be there and i just havent found it yet)"
76561197991957807,Recommended,502520,28101671,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Klunny,"This is a fantastic little gem of a game. Simple and straightforward controls, a key depth to units and strategy.This is hours of fun and even if the final campign is linear there is good scope for replayability.The major drawback as I see it is the desire to make the title accessible on a touchscreen pad. I wonder what is cut from the product in order to try and grab a piece of this other market pie.The most exiting aspect for this game is that the battle simulation is solid and very workable. I would love to see a strategic map with continental US where you manage resources and move armys. The possibilitys with a future title with this in mind would be awsome.Building and fighting ships would also be very interesting also. You do see a couple in the first mission and id be interested to see if this could be expanded upon.Pros.-Well done battles.-Functional if basic interface (you have to toggle to see the two sets of information on a unit which should be displayed together!!)-Progression for your general with skills. (Also all other officers progress and have skills)Cons-Linear campign-Tablet imposed graphics limitations- No visual difference between units (As far as I can see all types of cannon look the same from a 6pdr to a 20pdr parrot rifled cannon)- If you win a battle just meet objectives VS doing that and slaughtering the enemy there is no disernable effect on enemy troop numbers in the next battle. You only get a quantity of captured weaponsIf your a fan of tactics in strategy games, and a real challenge this is a game for you!"
76561198036062433,Recommended,502520,28106967,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Calbuscus77,Awesome!So much attention to detail has been put in by the developers! Truly a labour of love. Can't wait for the full version to come out!Can not recommend enough!
76561198055669986,Recommended,502520,28113907,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,westdakota96,Best Civil War Game i ever played everything about this game is so realistic and everything in this game is so realistic like the real American Civil War that happend in 1861-1865 to the developers of this game and to the people making it keep up the good work on this game u guys are doing a excellent job on this game and making it so realistic like the real American Civil War that happened in history  can't wait to play the full version when this is released keep up the good work.
76561198040492303,Recommended,502520,26650879,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,CHARLEMAGNE,"Great Game! Worth the buy. Really enjoying the Campaign mode. Looking forwards to the full game and expansions! Only Criticism> Could use more uniform variations ie: Louisiana Tigers or any of the 100+ Zouave regiments that were raised they could also do the Iron Brigade ""Black hat""! And Flags I like Battle Colours in my Formations.SScharlie score: 8/10 only because it early access and there is so much more to come!"
76561197970433771,Recommended,502520,26680977,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Neofightr,Very promising. Smart design. Great soundwork. I love the detail. Keep it up devs. Can't wait to play the full version!
,Recommended,502520,26713334,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Praise the Great Horned Rat,"Overall a very healthy recommendation of this Early Access civil war gamePros-Battle length feels just right, long enough to have to deal with ammunition problems, morale, fatigue, to manuevre, but short enough it doesn't drag on.-Keeping some of your units with you feels good, i recently outfitted my favourite unit with Missipi rifles rather than their standard springfields and i reaped a massive reward in the next battle-Nice mechanic updates over the original ultimate general-Terrain is important. Assaulting a fort / big hill is BRUTAL-Sound design is very nice, hearing the crack of the rifles is greatCons-AI usually comes with ridiculous numbers of troops compared to yours in the campaign.-Sometimes clicking on some things can be a little bit fiddly, same with troop positioning. i've had my units have a brainfart and take flank fire because they wheeled around in an odd way-Early access, so its not fully complete yet-no more topographic view. that was a huge help in the original for positioning my artilleryBig thumbs up from me for the price. I don't have a good judgement on how smart the AI is just yet, but overall it doesn't feel too dumb. i really liked the ai in the original ultimate general so hopefully this measures up especially with multiple updates."
76561198067339526,Recommended,502520,26763245,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,vanrosi,Realy nice game. Early Access how it should be. Love this micromanagement for your corps and divisions.Maybe sometime we could see Ultimate General: Napoleon War. A dream would come true. :-D
,Recommended,502520,28082607,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,blg.Chestnut,One of my favorite RTS games so far. Can't wait to dig deeper into it.
76561197996287845,Recommended,502520,28150796,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Chiken Fetus,Excellent game. Really looking forward to some more fleshed out features. The campaign is fun but is heavily scripted. Would love a sandbox civil war campaign!!!
,Recommended,502520,26681943,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Husky,"Just finished the first campaign battle Bull Run (Manassas). Wow, it was really intense. My core Corps from the North while 1 Divison from the AoNV (essenial non-core troops) tried to take the Stone Bridge. The Battle went bad for me initially, taking quite a few losses at the Stone Bridge. However, the enemy became to overzalous and forgot to protect his left flank, which I rolled up with my core Corps and a 2nd Division from the AoNV. The battle for Henry Hill went for quite a while. Jackson actually did his ""Stonewall"" thing, and later a bayonet charge. But it failed to repel all of my regiments. I then slowly enveloped the Hill, squezing their units out of it. The counterattack by the enemy was a failure.All in all, the battle was quite costly on both sides, but I gained valuble experience and prisoners.I would recommend this game for everyone who is intersted in the Civil War (like the Sid Meyer game or Civil War Generals 2) or who played Ultimate General: Gettysburg. :)"
76561198190441005,Recommended,502520,26724332,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,"[3rdSCBn,F] Capt. Locke1740","This is AWESOME!!!! I love it! I fyour in for stradegy, historical games, this is for you! Takes a little to get used to, but its awesome!"
,Recommended,502520,26753689,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Yang,"as of version .66 its a damn good game needs polish and it works but, i was on shiloh and this complaint goes for all missions when you have the contest time and then the battle timer i think the contest timer should override the battle timer    you could be about too pull a win then bam those 3000 dead soldier you made to charege a hill are now in vain for it ended in a draw and though no enemy troops on on the objective it does not matter its a draw.(not asking for a dificulty change just the contested timer overrule the game timer like in ultimate battle gettysburg)"
,Recommended,502520,27577257,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sharia Lawbeouf,I love the length of the battles in this game.
76561198008681334,Recommended,502520,27904916,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hwyranger,"Being a big American Civil War fan.  I purchaced the Ultimate General Gettyburgs stand alone and enjoyed the game.  Graphics are very good and the game mechancis are very user friendly.  The AI can be as hard or easy to ones ability.  Having completed UG Gettysburg, I was disappointed it was over and only wished for more battles of ther Civil War.  Well I am glad to say my wish came true with UG Civil War.  A dream come true for American Civil War fans.  Now I know, the game is in its early stages and work still needs to be done but, I have just completed the campaign mode which ends at the Battle of Antietam.The game plays very well with well done maps and graphics.  The only downside to the game is while in battle it would be nice to be able to rotate your camara.  The AI is very good, which means you have to be tactical and have a strategy while in battle.  Also an important part is building your Corps and the attributes of your General (You).  Its important to increase your Corps and mainatin quality troops or fighting Mervin HIll Gaines MIll and Anteitam will be a challenge.  Looking forward to any updates and finish product.I know this is just my opinion, but I would recommend this game to tactical war gamers.  If your an American Civil War fan, its a must have IMO."
,Recommended,502520,27936722,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Garud,"Recommend this game to all RTT genre enthusiasts. The career mode and army management add a completely new dynamic compared to the previous title - Gettysburg. If you are looking for something graphically brilliant, this game is not the one for you.Tip* - Save your game every time you have to choose a battle among 2-4 options on the main screen. This was you can come back and select the other choices and play them."
76561198087807641,Recommended,502520,28089237,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Chantz,♥♥♥♥♥is beast bruh.
76561198022299140,Recommended,502520,28108161,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Elutz180,It very simple people if you love civil war games and what to fight the battles and lead an army either it be north or south this is the game for you best game I ever bought.
76561198115662040,Recommended,502520,28160443,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,SenorScholls,"This is a great game.  Are the graphics the best? No but this doesnt need them.  I love good graphics its why i spent a bunch of money on a computer, but with gameplay like this one I dont care.  I can tell this game will offer hours of replay value and there is a lot of depth in it.  It reminds me of a real time Civil War Generals 2.  There are a few things needed but they are minor and will probably be put in by the realease I really love this game and cant wait to see the finished product."
,Recommended,502520,26955789,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bennosuke,"Following Ultimate General: Gettysburg, it was obvious this team had the talent to make their refreshing ideas in the strategy genre come to the fore. Civil War seems a natural progression - expanding upon the combat of the original game with an engaging campaign mode.The persistent army feature is certainly one of the best implementations of such a design I've seen - allowing you to develop a sense of actual concern for your forces and presenting some tricky decisions going forward.Hopefully, the game will go from strength to strength in the future, and I am confident they can do that. In addition, it's going to be interesting to see what they come up with for their next game!"
76561198083572445,Recommended,502520,27643074,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,monkeytribe,"The campaign is awesome, the fact that you can customize your own army with different units, weapons and officers aswell as using politics to improve your men is fantastic. Darth made this game soo much better than his last one (which also was good btw)Oh and you can tailor your commander with skillpointsGreat game"
76561198143033261,Recommended,502520,27840974,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MrSuricate,"I love history, and strategys about it. Ultimate General - game about american civil war, where you can play for both sides. Union or Confederacy. You can lead your brigades to victory, using special tactics. As in Total War series, like Napoleon or Empire.In the start of game, you chose biography for your general. Its affect on skills. And I recommend to chose all that inscreases training. Becouse after every battle, you will lose some of your troops. Training reduce cost of veterans. Its will help you to make strong and experienced brigades. But its your choise, and it depends only from your style of game.What about battles, they are very dynamic. And some of them like battle for Shiloh or 1st Bull Run is even more epic then in TW.If you like good strategys, you must buy this game. Its worth it!"
76561198003386534,Recommended,502520,28011617,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,kaleraven,"Just a great game for fans of strategy and wargaming. Simple to play, but with immense strategic depth. I think it's a good value just with the current content, but the developer is planning to more than double the number of battles as well as continuing to improve and refine the features."
76561197986974223,Recommended,502520,28114061,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,unluckytoastboi,"This game is, frankly, amazing. I loved Ultimate General Gettysburg but felt it was fatally flawed in a lot of ways. Lack of troop variety was a big issue, and the limited nature of just fighting Gettysburg was frustrating, seeing as I could tell the basic features of the game would lead to fantastic gameplay.Of course, that's exactly where Ultimate General: Civil War comes in. This game features, not only additional Historical Battles ala Gettysburg, but it also features a campaign that is, frankly, extremely fun. The best part about the campaign is not only does it allow you to participate in a variety of historical battles and minor skirmishes, but all while managing and controlling your own army serving either the United States or the Confederate States. Both sides get different equipment and while I haven't noticed a significant difference overall, it does alter playstyles slightly. For instance, the USA gets Palmetto M1842 Muskets, while the CSA gets quite a few Missisippi Rifles. The USA gets more sharps carbines while the CSA gets Hunter rifles.The battles are quite challening on the normal difficulty, and the game really punishes you in the long term if you can't manage your men/weapons. You need to learn how to minimize losses by flanking, deploying skirmishes, using your cannons, etc. Its quite challening to manage an entire battlefield with tens of thousands of soldiers often times. Luckily the smaller battles are usually shorter and more manageable.I think the best thing about Ultimate General: Civil War is that its a rare gem in the dying RTS/RTT genre. I haven't had a Real Time Strategy game that I've put these many hours into probably since... well since Ultimate General: Gettysburg to be completely honest. I love the Civil War, I love the army management system, where each brigade of soldiers is unique with their own individual stats, equipment, etc (something sorely lacking in Gettysburg). I love the historical battles which really make me feel how brutal the Civil War was for those who fought in it. This really is a great game with an amazing civil war feel."
,Recommended,502520,28132130,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,TaNZhar,"So before I start this I would like to say that I've never been a fan of civil war games. However I saw the potential of enjoyment in this game and watched a few videos and picked it up. I am by no means an expert on the civil war nor have I done any reasearch outside of a classroom enviroment into the civil war and any of its battles. This has changed due to the amount of enjoyment I have gotten out of this game. I normally don't trust video games in early access due to the two incidents of developers never finishing their games, but seeing that this game is fairly well polished I can safely say that in a few months this will be a game where I can spend 6-7 hours in one sitting. Currently, however, I cannot-and now let us segway(segwey?) into the pro's and con's.Pros:-Great Graphics that works with the gameplay-Rewarding battle experience-Realism in fighting (you don't just fight to the death due to units running from moral)-Cav are strategic units only, unlike a few games where they are mostly used as a main fighting unit-The amount of unit customization and how a certain unit can be completely different than another-Unit progression sytemAnd a wide range moreCons:-Abysmal AI-I'm talking that when you right click to attack an enemy they will go in to melee, even with fully reloaded guns and full supply-Abysmal AI Pt.2-The lack of control seems realistic I guess but in a gameplay aspect it pisses me off to no ♥♥♥♥ing end., For example, you're waiting for like 10 minutes just for some of your units to respond to an order (move up, stop moving into 20k enemy troops, stop ♥♥♥♥ING GOING THERE CAV, ect)-AI in general seems broken-AI usually is♥♥♥♥♥♥for the player, however sometimes enemy units will just stand there watching you for half the battle as their men slowly become  full with lead. This also happens with your units as well, even when given a command to attack the enemy right infront of them, being fully reloaded and near full supply, they sometimes just stand there in the idle animation state not even raising their weapons (and no, they were not on hold or halt fire)In conclusion, this game got me interested in learning more about the Civil War, something which games rarely make me want to do. The game is fun until the major battles (Shiloh, Antietam, Bull Run 2), as it becomes very apparent at how♥♥♥♥♥♥the AI can be. Overall however I would give it a solid 6.2/10 seeing as its fun and worth the price but just wait till they fix the AI since, well, its really ♥♥♥♥ing bad.TL;DR-good game bad AI, recommended buy after early access"
76561198318492651,Recommended,502520,28133770,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,markalan12059,"This is a great game. I love UG Gettysburg and this is even better, especially the map graphics. I can easily see the elevations now as I play. Also, you can save a game in the middle of a battle, which if I recall correctly you couldn't do in Gettysburg. You had to finish the battle before you closed the game. Highly recommended!"
76561198035304467,Recommended,502520,26717197,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,mammoth20,"wow just a great game, I wrote a review on FB of the old game , the day this came out praising it . I did not know this was a different game .  Okay I have a head injury so excuse my grammer/spelling  that being said lets startThe first of this game was getteysbug was just great I have some115 hours on that one. I love that you can just jump into a battle play it for hour or so . was easy to lear as well  Grphics were okay . for the 10 bucks 5.00 on sale was woth it .I seen this said ouch 30 bucks  but seen all the battles and the ones yet to come , so it came out to  about a buck a battle if you switch sides 50 cents so great by again . I am into 25 hours of the game just learning and having a blast  . Building a armry  really you do a corps  division and so on . It is a little confusing bad .The graphics have improved over the first game as well .   I live in texas and do wood working so this being the winter months is when I work more in shop when it is not so hot out . It is a shame since I been wanting come in and play this game so much more .I think I got a bug  normally a game does not get under my skin this one has , simply because it is easy to grasp , but hard to master , Make sure your saving your games as well  so if you lose you can try a diferent stratergy .Normally I do not pay mor then 10 bucks for my games and have to be on sale , this is the second time I have bought a game that was NOT on sale and PRE release  for 30.00  both were worth every penny .Buy this game if there is one game you going buy this Holiday season make it this one  10/10and when the rest of the battles come out wow going sleep with this game on my brain"
76561198023668587,Recommended,502520,26735873,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,phatrice,Exciting and engaging while offering sufficient depth. The only thing is that campaign doesn't seem to reward you for managing size of your army as the size of enemies' armies scale up with yours.
76561198001098622,Recommended,502520,27634006,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hess,"This game is very well done.A step up from the previous title Ultimate General: Gettysburg in many regards. The new addition of the campaign provides an intresting personal narative and allows you to roleplay yourself as a commander in the Union or Confederate Armies.The game can be challenging at certain points if you are not prepared for the next battle.  You need to conserve your forces in order to keep your army intact. Playing as the Confederates is in my opinion the way the game is meant to be played as you are faced with much greater odds against you and the resrouce management is a very intresting part of playing as a Confederate commander.The battle of Antietam, the final battlew in the current alpha,  is a very brtual affair.  You will find yourself horribly out numbered if you play as the Confederates. I had an army of 80,000 men and i had to fight a Union army 120,000 strong.I managed to win the battle with just 24,000 casualties to the Unions 82,000 i practically destroyed the army of the Potomac at the Sunken Road and Dunkers church.  A great victory but the battle can be extremely tense especially when the union cross the river just to the right of the Sunken Road.I have clocked over 150 hours already and i have to say this is one of the best civil war experiences i have  ever had and i highly reccomend it to anyone."
76561198007664471,Recommended,502520,27636946,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Olly,"Great game with excellent RTS elements, it realls adds to the feeling of being a general throughout the war. Being able to customize weapons, divisions etc. really adds to the depth and playability. It's in early access but to be honest it feels rather polished.Highly recommended. Side note - people saying it is too hard, I think it is just trying to be realistic, you need to actually think, plan and react to the action."
76561198047063409,Recommended,502520,27694706,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Dark Chieftain,"This game is an awesome, mostly realistic civil war game with a nice art style. However, i can't recommend this game unless you are hoping to go crazy. The campaign is slightly unbalanced in that you don't make enough money per victory to hire the amount of high quality troops needed to defeat the elite confederate forces later in the game.  Aside from that and a few small, annoying bugs, this game is extremely fun and a pretty good game."
,Recommended,502520,27906065,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Astrolis,"Great game. Really like the army creation options. I played 500 something hours of UG:Gettysburg and always wanted another UG game to encomposs the entire civil war.My only wish is that smaller engagements were included. The smaller unit actions (5k-20k vs 5k-20k) offer more importance to tactical choices where as the larger fights are just slug fests. One unit fails, you send another in its place."
76561198009950709,Recommended,502520,27910931,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,voyager48,Have always been waiting  for a civil war game - this one is a little tricky - no tutorial - but not a bad game - only a few hours - still working at it
76561198032645593,Recommended,502520,28111226,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,PillowRay2Times,Great game for RTS fans who want a game that provides in-depth battles with logistics in the 19th century.It's a game with great AI who will make you pay for rookie mistakes.Can't recommend it enough. 30 bucks too expensive? Try the Ultimate General: Gettysburg. It's how I fell in love and had to have this game.
,Recommended,502520,28111227,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,AsaOfHearts,This was my Childhood and First ever Video game which this series is based on. When I found out they had made it into a full Civil war Stratagy game I was more than trhilled. This game contains great features that improve on every aspect and I love the progression/Army reserve feature. It makes you take into consideration what tactics you will use and how to approach objectives givven to you. Fight to the last man or save the experience you get with those soldiers to ensure a victory next battle while taking a hit to your political power. This is a great game and I HIGHLY recommend it even in early access. There is already enough of the game to be more enjoyable than most full releases.
76561198007499422,Recommended,502520,26676541,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,crlcw21,"A game for every civil war buff, love it."
,Recommended,502520,26679391,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Troy_The_Man,It's like Ultimate General: Getysburg but better
76561197982204032,Recommended,502520,26739013,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Upper,LOve IT =) miss terrain layout lines sometimes
76561198153851349,Recommended,502520,26763580,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grasvin,"As expected from an early access game there is still a lot of work to do. There's a small number of missions available compared to how many they'll have in the full release. More importantly, there is a huge issue of balance in the missions.You might be fine in the early game, but after the first few missions you'll constantly be outnumbered, outgunned, and outtrained as the enemy will always field three star units against your zero or one starred units. This is a great game if you want to improve your strategies and tactics against an oponent objectively superior in every way. It's not a great game if you to choose how difficult the game is.Despite the current balance issues, I can see this game growing into a perfect example of an RTS game done right."
76561198064093478,Recommended,502520,32164948,Posted: 3 June,all,Meatjerb,HANDS DOWN one of the smoothest and well polished games ive ever played. worth ever penny.
,Recommended,502520,32762975,Posted: 25 June,all,*Yunix*,"Verry addictive game, the AI still needs some adjustments but tbh is a ♥♥♥♥ing deal!!!+ Rep."
76561198072605351,Recommended,502520,28697586,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,alex.evans.d,"Great game. As other reviewers have pointed out, this is the ultimate Civil War simulator and puts you in the world of being a General. I have only partially gotten through a campaign but have loved how battles give a sense of realism when they can jump quickly from under control tactical mission to all out chaos as the AI gets around a flank. Lots of fun here."
,Recommended,502520,28757957,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Falrinth,Nice game. Only big minus is that its not yet finished - so seems short (at least for Confederates campaign) :(
76561198019503925,Recommended,502520,28764602,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Capt. Pete,Amazing! Best civil war game I've played - and I've played most of them..
76561197971329958,Recommended,502520,33566875,Posted: 15 July,all,alohaptd,"Having played just about every tactical level Civil War game out there I can clearly give Ultimate General Civl War the highest recommendation. The individual battles are of the highest quality from the interface to the tactical elements. The Campaign level strategy could still use some refinement to carry forward the impact of previous wins or losses. For example it is often advantageous on the strategic level to skip a minor battle this breals the immersion as in reality, no such choice was available. However the innovative Camp part of the game allows the General to make critical decisions on manpower and resources which more than makes up for the above mentioned issue."
76561198012271576,Recommended,502520,34713331,Posted: 3 September,all,aquapoolman,Great game. Takes it back to some of my very favorite Strategy games. The pace is perfect when trying to control so many units yet be able to see your glory develop without having to be all over the place at the same time.
76561198031788448,Recommended,502520,28861644,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TypicalBoot,Awesome new style of combat ive never had before.
76561198052858232,Recommended,502520,27099763,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Valkyrie,One of the best American Civil War RTS Game of all time! Worth every penny buying it.
76561198035881488,Recommended,502520,27428009,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jpellejr36,"This is a brief review of the game so far i am enjoying it immensly at first it was a bit confusing but once i figured the game out, (at least a little bit still learning) it was fun. It brings me back to the days of civil war games such as, civil war generals 1 and 2 as well as the blue and the grey gives me great nostalgia and they should make more games like this. If  you love the civil war like i do you will love this game. still in early access i'm sure it will only get better with time!"
,Recommended,502520,27608828,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Alexander Alexandrov,This game reveals my inner southerner. Damn Yanks.
76561198036378229,Recommended,502520,29507696,Posted: 26 January,all,holly20112011,a masterpiece of a game for the cost. been hooked for days game gets you thinking and is a challenge for any general
,Recommended,502520,30119382,Posted: 23 February,all,highnz,"First I thought ""how can this game be good?"", but trust me its a very good strategie which is 99% flawless.I bought it in the Alpha where just 60% of the battles are implemented and I spend for half of the game already 40 hours.If I would calculate, +40% more missions, I would add 40 more hours of gameplay.Usually I dont like to pay more than 20€ for computergames, but this game was every cent worth it !"
76561198006615479,Not Recommended,502520,32128538,Posted: 2 June,all,spaynter,so totally unbalanced that it takes the fun out of playing the game.no matter how many victories you acheive the ai opponent just keeps generating more troops which is totally historically inacurate.iam playing the union and the further you progress in the game the bigger the confederate army is getting.and this is on the normal setting and can only imagine how unbalanced the game would be on the harder settings.and dont lose a battle or the game just ends the campaign and throws you back to the main menu.it is a shame because this game is very well made and  could have been the best civil war strategy game out there.
76561198037695716,Not Recommended,502520,33702603,Posted: 21 July,all,roostershoes,"This is a good game, it's enjoyable and it seems to have some replay value. But I can't recommend it at the moment. Lots of balancing issues and it just doesn't feel like my larger strategic or smaller tactical decisions even matter. The cut scenes between days of battle seem to cause me more hassle than they're worth. I don't understand why an army would voluntarily give up hard-fought ground or just randomly move elsewhere on the map because the cutscene dictates it. I get that it's part of the historical accuracy, but it really screws up any actual strategy I might have. Let the battles play out!"
76561198009001596,Not Recommended,502520,31941070,Posted: 24 May,all,Swisspike,"I want to like this game..I really do. But, I have the same complaint that many players do. I can micro the bejeesus out of my forces, and play a PERFECT game, and STILL get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked in.This is no fun, and I will never play this again until the game balance issues are addressed.DO NOT BUY AT THIS TIME."
,Not Recommended,502520,34265181,Posted: 15 August,all,15thAL(G) Pvt Dether,"this is no masterpiece and a far cry from ultimate general gettysburgh. buy this game if you want nothing that makes any sense and want to click click click to try and beat the timer, which at times makes no sense either. the clicking is harder because you have units all over the map, and enemy skirmishers and calvary which will at times fight to the last man even against elite veteran units (i am speaking of sending 1847 man brigade with enfields against a 243 man skirmish and the skirishers hold them up for ever even after being shot to pieces and charged) (even on idiot mode not general or legendary)in huge 2 day battles your units are not where they were at end of day 1, you actually loose any gains and your units are all mixed up.the game could be better, right now it is not.on a good note, they are updating constantly and the game improves but ai is still ify at best, but improving.final note: play at own risk."
,Recommended,502520,31831197,Posted: 18 May,all,Squidward,One of the best strategy games I've played in a while.  The only thing missing now is multiplayer.10/10
76561197970107837,Recommended,502520,31350082,Posted: 24 April,all,Mahone,"Since being a teen in the 90's playing AoE and C&C, I have waited for a quality RTS Civil War game. With a brief learning curve regarding the proper uses and employment of various units with getting them to go and do what you want I can now say that I am extremely pleased with this game. It has enough realistic complexity to make it fun without getting frustrating. I hope DLC and upgrading patches are a regular occurence in this games future. Well done creators! I highly recommend this game."
76561198112648124,Recommended,502520,31643414,Posted: 9 May,all,Alfrion,"This game is great, the sound of the guns and cannons the enemy that want to go past you, creating youre own army and the numbers of the man fichting are realy great, it is sometimes realy hard to play but it is realy fun"
76561198092571202,Recommended,502520,32188375,Posted: 4 June,all,Nikola Tesla,"Really good in early access great game played hours on it, each battle is at least a hour long."
,Recommended,502520,31500251,Posted: 1 May,all,Best Waifu,"As the game isn't out I'll keep it to my general impression:Game is generally well balanced and fast pace. The fast pace can be a pain since you need to use pause quite often to be anywhere nearr effective.All around I like it and I think multiplayer would be it's best strengh (custom army or not.)The campaign is actually easy to beat and in my normal play through I had no problem winning every battle with ease and 14 to 20% casualties on most of the maps. You jus have to half-as* it.Tip: You can put as many troops as you want in the smallest of space on the map as long as you keep them moving. And you don't have to use the charge button, running into the AI is enough."
76561198122537690,Recommended,502520,31477581,Posted: 30 April,all,KingBelowMe,"Great Game! Lots of strategy and good stratigic use of terrain. I've already recomended it to all my friends from the south.  Great depth and historic accuracy.  The morale system is nicly done.  Some small flaws(not quite flaws as I don't know how they would model such things) are friendly fire, and the flanking system.  I also wish they had a topographical view of the map. Overall 9 out of 10"
76561198096702994,Recommended,502520,31691689,Posted: 11 May,all,Big Wet Napkin,"There aren't any options to increase the number of visible soldiers that are on the field, and they are also giant compared to the landscape. It would be more realistic if there was large sums of smaller soldiers. May be a bad idea but if any moders want an idea to improve the graphics here you go. Overall poor visuals for a $30 game.The timing for each battle is FAR too low. Trying to push for the objective in the miniscule amount of time the game provides you can be described as unfair at the least. I am already outnumbered in EVERY SINGLE BATTLE. Why aren't I given more leniency on the time then? Do you want me to slaughter my troops and lose the battle? Because' that's exactly what happens. Very frustrating.The gameplay itself is tactical. Terrain is vital when in conflict, so use cover when possible. The most powerful trait this game has is its ability to make the player act as an actual commander. The game is unforgiving, and extremely difficult at first. Most battles (in my Union campaign) were fought against forces that doubled my own. In other words, it is not unatural to suffer a defeat or have a draw.Other than that though, the gameplay isn't anything fancy looking. The graphics are 2-Dimensional and look extremely dated. If it weren't for the quality of the audio it would be a borefest.AI is also tactical and does not pull any punches. Better than in any Total War titles I've played.Music is also decent, but could be a little more impactful. Pre-battle music is the best by far.A system to provide supplies for your army at some kind of headquarters would be much better than the ""Camp"" you have. It would be more engaging if I could deal with internal conflicts as well as facing the enemy. The only internal conflicts are the power of your army and the state of your officers.It would also be nice to be able to actually survey my force as I'm upgrading and recruiting. Not that radical of an idea either since it would be less than the size of a gameplay map (in my opinion). Upgrades are also (debatabely) a waste of money in the early game.)Review will face revises"
76561197995814268,Recommended,502520,31690708,Posted: 11 May,all,Fencible,"Only 11 hours, but spent a number of hours observing my son play it as well. We both have experience with the previous 'Ultimate General: Gettysburg' game. We've won all battles so far in our respective campaigns on 'normal' level. I find it hard to believe that anyone with any knowledge of battles from the civil war era finds this game too difficult. If you follow the 'rules' of linear musket/sabre combat (like use flanking, avoid being flanked), keep your troops supplied, and rest them when they get into poor condition (which means maintaining reserves like real generals do), take advantage of terrain for protection and height advantages, have a plan for falling back to defensive ground if your force gets out-numbered, and REFRAIN from charging all the time, you're going to do OK.  This is a brilliant game by the man formerly known as master modder Darth Vadar to the Total War: EMPIRE community. If you want realistic battles, a realistic command challenge, and beautiful graphics, this is highly recommended. If you want easy-peasy dumbed-down shooter games where beginners are guaranteed a walk-over without having to learn anything or use their brains, look elsewhere."
76561198038466696,Recommended,502520,30501033,Posted: 13 March,all,Downright.,"Don't take any notice of the gloomy and the nit pickers this is a very good game.Emphasis on ""game"".OK so some  your troops don't  obey every order given,  mill about stupidly and don't seem to want to die for you today.Any of us who have been soldiers will recongise that behaviour. Sure it's not strictly historic,grant you that, but if it was I rather doubt it would be much of a game...The South is going to  loose eventually, industry, population ,wealth ,Sherman and Grant ensure it...,..Me playing for the North the South could very easily win,its a tough game but a good one.It looks fine, I think I rather prefered the Gettysburg  controls but these will do, the game runs superbly,no glitches or bugs and the help and the instructions are excellent.They are there if you want them but in no way intrusive that's yet another good feature.Heaps of data if that's your thing skip if it aint. Your choice.  Here I comit  sacrilege because I think  it is better than old Sid's""Gettysburg"".High praise indeed..."
76561198312095932,Recommended,502520,29112186,Posted: 8 January,all,epiclolyay,"Great Game it is so simple to command and that's what makes it so fun, because you can command thousands of troops, cavalry, artillery and so on, so easily. I strongly recommened you buy this game if you are in war, history or RTS games.Love the game keep up the good work developers! :)"
76561198023863899,Not Recommended,502520,33153964,Posted: 2 July,all,arlis98,"Ok for a table top type game but it's no Total War game.  Says 50+ battles, but doesnt allow to advance past Gaines Mill (about 1/3 way thru game.  So so for a couple hours of distraction.  Not quite enough zoom to battlefield level."
,Not Recommended,502520,34217523,Posted: 13 August,all,Neesan Addict/Superior Siscon,"There's quite a few problems with this game that make it so i can't recommend it in it's current state,This is sort of a minor issue but in the campaign you get to create a custom general as sort of an avatar, But you don't get to change his appearance so he just uses one of the random portraits.There's a lot of weapon variety in the campaign, But with a lot of the weapons they never appear in large enough numbers to actually arm units with so for the most part. And there's about 9 minie muskets with seemingly random stats, along with the fact that you have to give a unit a completely uniform armament means that you could have 2,499 lorenz rifles in your armory, But you're going to be stuck equipping your men with 1842 smoothbore muskets because you can't give them a single enfield rifle, It would have been cool to have these rifles with their unique names and descriptions but combine them into a single pool of weapons, Especially considering that confederate made arms are almost exclusively copies of weapons that already exist in the game eg. CS Richmond = Harpers Ferry 1855The Organization in the game is weird, You have brigades which are your units under divisions which are under corps and you have to have officers as divisional, corps and brigade commanders for your units... But the divisional commanders don't appear in the battle at all, The corps officers operate like the generals in Total War boosting moral and effectiveness of troops within a radius and the brigade officers are commanding the units, But the divisional commanders are seemingly spanking their monkey back at camp.The campaign is structured poorly, No matter if you win or lose a battle it continues to the next battle in an hisorical timeline, Only to abrupty shift from Cold Harbor to taking either richmond or Washington based on if you're the Union or Confederates. The heavy focus on history is good for single battles like in Gettysburg. But when you have a full campaign you're going to get whiplash from suddenly going from winning the war, to losing the war to suddenly defeating your enemy in a climactic final battle. Like the way the confederate campaign is structured.And finally the game is objective and time limit focused in a really bad way, turning enemy soldiers into casualties and routing them doesn't help in the slightest since they have infinite amounts of manpower that scales based on the size of your army, The only viable strategy is to put the least amount of effort as you can towards completing your objective. so you can preserve your forces and not get fired, Making the game a whole lot of cheese. that in itself is the biggest reason i'd never recommend this game to anyone in it's current state. I hope we'll get mod support for the game some day so someone can fix these issues."
76561198093433638,Recommended,502520,30108942,Posted: 22 February,all,tatellrton,"Lets start with the most important bit: Is it fun....yes. Secondly, does it have significant problems that majorly detract from it as a game.... yes.Pro:-You can outfit your troops with different weapons.-You can draw with a line the route you want your troops to take, unlike total war where you have to use straight lines which is stupid.-Battles look great despite relativly simple graphics-Flanking actually registers andgives an appropriate ATK boost-Overall, its fun, refined gameplay which is exactly what you want in a strategy game.Con:-Spelling and grammar. I can barely claim to be any good at these myself, but thats why I have people edit the things I put out before they go out. I hate grammar Nazis, but the sheer number of random periods and capitalizations, as well as unatural sounding language, makes you feel like you're playing a game made by someone who speaks english as a 9th language. Seriously, never complained about this before, but its so bad in this game you will wince. Totally takes you out of the action and mindset making you facepalm hard like Picard.Its especially pronounced since theres no voiceover, just text... very poorly written text.-THE BIGGEST ISSUE: Campaign: Horribly thought through. Its as though they made it without ever trying to take on the players perspective, or having anyone test it all the way through. Over the course of your campaign you can level up a bunch of different stats and invest in units. Later on in the campaign, without the game ever hinting at it to you, you will need to have leveled up particular stats emphasizing a bigger army. The jump is extremely abrupt, many players who didn't adjust their stats to a massive army build have to restart the entire campaign which is very, very frustrating. You go from many battles requiring 8 units, to suddenly needing 60. You can try to salvage things by selling off all your gear and equiping 60 units with the battlefield equivalent of squirt guns, but you're likely to pull your hair out. VERY POORLY THOUGHT THROUGH. Or rather, clearly not thought through at all.LACK OF INFORMATION: Take the Second Battle of Bull Run for example. It tells you to divy up troops for the battle. Put some in diversionary force, most in the main attack. So I put some skirmisher and 2 full units of line infantry, not wanting a big cumbersome force to act as the diversion. WHAT IT DOESNT TELL YOU!!! is that this is actually a four day battle. Next thing I know, my ""diversionary force"" is being expected to hold out for 3 days, 5k confed troops against 50k union troops. IDIOTIC. Not once did it explain, hey the plan is to have them hold out for longer then the length of most full battles or that this would be a multi day battle when all previous battles have been 1 day.Overall what the game comes off as is a school paper written by an 5th grader who assumes you've read the book. The devs consistantly structure the campaign as though you know how its going to play out beforehand, a strong sign they didn't read their paper over before releasing it, and this is echoed by the incoherent text in the game. Basically, its an unfinished game that needs a lot of work around the edges.HOWEVER: The core gameplay is very strong and well polished, if you arent blindsided by it, and have a reasonably well equiped force to deal with the opponent, it is a joy to play.8/10"
76561198045787898,Recommended,502520,26643634,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Kim Jong Chill,Let's see so i have to go to sleep by 2 so i can wake up and get to work on time...oh whats this a new Ultimate General Game? Oh what's this its 8 in the morning? Well I guess it was time to get a new job anyway.
76561198120428259,Recommended,502520,30314794,Posted: 4 March,all,scoops4040,This is as legit as it gets for strategy enthusiasts.
76561198006833685,Recommended,502520,30528611,Posted: 15 March,all,meeksjr2002,"Great Game, hours of fun."
76561198064402774,Recommended,502520,31761539,Posted: 14 May,all,TheBLOB,"Wonderful game. While it is a departure from the original title, it has complexity and  a good risk-reward structure designed into the campaign."
,Recommended,502520,26644104,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,=7Cav=SFC.Sparks.N,"Its a good Civil War game, just wish you could have a more dynamic map of the whole US than Missions here and there."
76561198129510208,Recommended,502520,31899487,Posted: 22 May,all,chrisbee1980,If you like games similar to Total War you'll love this. I've never replayed a game as much as this.  Its great!
,Recommended,502520,31891648,Posted: 21 May,all,Bizzle,"This game brings the Civil war to life. It is indeed a very clever and well thought out game. I like the historical accuracy of each battlefield and the campaign design. However after reading other reviews on this game, i can agree that the major flaw  is still the fact when you completely and utterly destroy the opposing army. As i did to the Union at Sharpsburg. To then contine onto the next part of the campaign where i am outnumbered 2 maybe 3:1 which can be moral destroying considering my army is still crippled after the last engagement and all the hours ive played on getting to that point. Although historically the Union did have the superiorty in manpower and munitions. But then this game should be based not on historical outcome but players ability which will effect the future of following battles.That said, i would recommend this game to strategy and avid history fans alike. I feel once the bugs and fixes have been sorted and hopefully the issue of being constantly outnumbered by the enemy either North or South. This will become a very fun and enjoyable strategy game."
76561198093244201,Recommended,502520,31911292,Posted: 22 May,all,Cdog7736,"I played alot of Ultimate General Gettysburg and I really enjoyed it. That being said this game is not as good and that makes sense, its the whole war and that is a huge change from on battle. I do think that it is a game that you should buy only becuase the game is only in EA but there needs to be some big changes and fixes if this review stays thumbs up at release. Here are my needs for the fixes and this is a person who does put a great deal of importantance on historical accuuratcy.1. Flow of the War; this is a huge problem, I can whip union forces in a battle without mercy, kill off brigades make them surrender and drive the others from the field without missing a beat. Then I repair my damaged army to a fraction of what it used to be and I fight the next battle and the union army is stronger, brigades I captured litterly days ago are fighting at full strength aginst me. This is stupid. You have to make a choice from a design POV. Is it better to have the army comp as historical as possible, but frustrate the player becuse past battles have very little importance. Or do you make a game where the war is a story and is less acurate and past battles determine who is fighting in the future one, this though will never give the historical feel of the real war. I personally like the latter but that is me.2. Scale of battle; This is just broken. Im sorry but there is no reson that first Manassas should be a absolute blood bath with over 10 or 15K deaths or wounded. It was just over 5K in real life. Also battles like Cross Keys should not destroy your entire Corps and no give you enough money to repair it. On the other hand Antitem, Gettysburg, Cold Harbor and Petersburg should have a great deal of blood.3. Army Composition; This is more of a personal thing but I do not like that I can have some of the most legendary Corp commanders of the war lead my divisons and Brigades without handycap. I can have T.J. Jackson, P.G.T and Albrect syndy Johnston as subordinates in my army. Who is running the rest of the war then and how are we still alive. Also under very few ciurcumstances did Corps go between theaters of war back and forth like we do.4. Flow of battle; Most of the game is in battles and that makes sense but there are also so serious problems with battles. For one the damage is way out of wack, I shouldent get 75 deaths from 250 sharpshooters and then kill 30 with my brigade of 1.7K. Then I charge Nathen Bedford Forrest in to a artillry unit and have him lose in sustained melee thats just stupid the artillery should have just broke and ran. Also when I click retreat my units just run forward for a little bit then run back, this tends to cause huge damage to the brigade and then they will route. Melee is out of wack, UGCW is a brigade managment game but I cant control my Brigades as much as I should. they often rout and I cant control them which makes sense, but then they just stand there with there wepons raised and dont fire. Im just like ""THEN JUST RUN AWAY"" then they get shot to bits and I loose a key briage for the next two battles.Overall a game with lots of potential but needs to decide if it will be a death based game with bloodbath after bloodbath that lead to little or negitive gain for both sides or a historical one with less death that makes the pitched battles way more important."
,Recommended,502520,31911487,Posted: 22 May,all,mattsd53,"Fun game, much more detailed than its predecessor. There is a bit of a learning curve but once you get past it this game becomes very fun."
,Recommended,502520,33485022,Posted: 12 July,all,No One In Particular,"no gripes.fun strategy, dynamic, amazing level of customization, just has all that good stuff.ratings should be higher. probably the old reviews about how the ai armies were composed, like always being outnumbered as union, but its all fixed as of the recent update. so yes, great game"
76561197975245217,Recommended,502520,26646193,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Searry,Great sequel for the first game. Things are improved all over and the new management aspect of the army is lots of fun. One thing I'd wish for is more political aspects of commanding an army.
76561198128235974,Recommended,502520,26677449,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,dvictory85,I ain't got much time in it but i have to say i love it.  Much  better then UGG but that was good too..
76561198180339542,Recommended,502520,27558449,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,EventualMassacre,"Such a good game, has amazing graphics and has potential for possibly adding a multiplayer aspect of the game."
76561198010315390,Recommended,502520,32122810,Posted: 1 June,all,dmccord25,"Historically appealing and a marvellously set up game. Many points of the Gettysburg game have been reworked to create a more fluid and interactive game play. And if there are bugs, or comments that the gamers share (the developer actually listens). Wonderful."
76561198391427700,Recommended,502520,32129175,Posted: 2 June,all,dmossop,"Hi guysLove the game, the historicl accuracy, the graphics etc.  It would be great if  i could have access to the smaller battles envolved within the campaign scenerio without having to go through setting up a campaign  scenerio which for me is to much time and effort. It would be great to play smaller battles through under the historical battles tab.  It seems most war games are geared for the really hard core guys. Just a thought. I really love the game itself.  Tanks,  Dave"
76561198011408475,Recommended,502520,32132807,Posted: 2 June,all,Drill,"Men slowly marching toward the enemy's entrenched position, all the way eating Roundshots, Shrapnel and Canisters. The enemy skirmishers mercilessly firing down in enfilade and their infantry reserves now smell blood open up on to your front with their thunderous musketry. Your leading brigade whom their general lay mortally wounded now at half strength took off on a rout leaving the following brigade to finish off the terrible fight hand to hand.Out of the day's carnage you found yourself victorious, The objective was taken and the enemy defeated - yet all you could do was standing there sadden by the terrible cost your victory was won.--------------------------------------Great singleplayer game with befitting graphics. I wish Multiplayer is also included (though not the confusing way it was done in the previous title).Highly Recommended."
76561198020024278,Recommended,502520,32162421,Posted: 3 June,all,Saman Wilson,"It's a good game, with a lot of potential. The Devs have to listen to people here. They have to listen to the people here that are giving nice feedbacks, if they don't; well it's gonna get♥♥♥♥♥♥reviews and people won't buy it. Simple as that."
76561198002175625,Recommended,502520,34469402,Posted: 24 August,all,NeatKefe,"A really interesting take on the strategy genre. No hassle with micro managing cities or regions, but full focus on your army and the strategy of 15th century battle. I you like the Total War series you should give this a try. I've only played for a  couple of hours now but the genuin historic feel and large maps / battles is promising.A few annoying kinks that I have yet to figure out: regiment movement in the battlefield, and the cover mechanism. Some indication of how good the cover would be on different locations would be good. I don't really get how to order regiments to charge (some times they do, sometimes they don't). Also I'd really like to be able to zoom in more, get in the action."
76561198022454961,Recommended,502520,31960352,Posted: 25 May,all,S0LST0RM,"I played Ultimate General: Gettysburgh on my iPad a while ago and it was brilliant. This new Ultimate General: Civil War develops the game-concept further and focuses on the whole Civil War, offering you a complete campaign and historic battles.The Controls are top-notch, the graphics & sounds are very atmospehric and the gameplay is easy to learn but hard to master. Logistics and career management are really good and have a significant impact on your chances. Altogether, the strategic depth you can achieve can be really demanding and rewarding.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,502520,32157838,Posted: 3 June,all,oldSerge,"The best Civil War strategy game ever, hands down."
,Recommended,502520,31933845,Posted: 24 May,all,Elara2 ex machina,"Gameplay is good, a lot slower than TW but I think that's a good thing. There are issues, however. Firstly, pathfinding on your units is attrocious. They will waltz into the line of fire when they could stay at their effective range to fire. Secondly, the way the units reform when you change their facing is stupid - sometimes the unit will invert while changing formation, rather than just having men move to the closest point.Only other nitpick is that the game treats the irritating background noise it foists onto you in the menus and army screens as SFX, meaning you can't turn it off without also turning off the game's battle noise. Quite annoying and very unnecessary.It's a good game, though. I would recommend it and I think you could easily overcome the problems I have."
76561198005635861,Recommended,502520,32113091,Posted: 1 June,all,CozyMoses,"A fantastic strategy game, a fun mix of vintage civil war simulators and total war style real time mechanics. The most realistic civil war simulator I've ever played."
,Recommended,502520,34544395,Posted: 27 August,all,STEVE (스티브),"This obviously begs the question:When is Ultimate General Napoleon going to be released??It wouldnt be so hard. They can use the existing engine and AI and make some changes, improvements and additions. Some of the foreseeable changes and suggestions are<> Infantry as is<> Cavalry >> Ranged Cavalry<> New Class: Melee Cavalry (Hussars and Lancers)<> Main Campaign with 300+ Battles of the Napoleonic Era. I feel like the current 38 battles is a bit too small. At least 60+ per faction would be more fun<> Allow us to build forts<> Fort Siege battles"
,Recommended,502520,29022683,Posted: 4 January,all,snooze,"Pretty good game, they've updated so many features and added pretty much the whole civil war campaign, worth a buy."
76561197973012941,Recommended,502520,31234930,Posted: 19 April,all,Andolf,"I've never left a review for a game I've played on steam before; but in this case I just have to.  Simply put, this is one of the best historical strategy games I have played in years.  It does everything right.  Frankly, I have a hard time beleiving that this is an""early access""  indi game - it is so well done.  Hats off to the developers of this future classic.  Bravo!"
76561198006720317,Recommended,502520,26643830,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Achilles the Myrmidonian,"It's early access game.. Since many early access games failed to deliver promises I dont trust early access anymore but I gave 28€ to this title...That aint small money for early access so I truly hope they will achieve the end goal for which I have paid!I cant nor I want to say much but this game is something great, especially if you have played Ultimate General: Gettysburg it is much of a improvement.Great thing is that you can create, equip and fully manage brigade's and corps before entering any battle. It has strategical and tactical meaning that makes it really great game!Great job for now, but I expect to see more and soon!"
76561198019125066,Recommended,502520,31265400,Posted: 20 April,all,Widdowmakker 175,Excellent and getting better!
,Recommended,502520,26678091,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,MattBlueshift,Very good. Way better then the original. Great customization in the campaign (IE: Choosing the weapons the brigade uses etc). Btw. Try not to lose your entire army in a battle. I have suffered from this mistake. (Goddamn bull run)
76561198049686337,Recommended,502520,33542310,Posted: 14 July,all,Saturn,It's very good. Worth a buy if you are into RTS or the Civil War. Still needs multiplayer and coop.
76561198021780068,Not Recommended,502520,29384571,Posted: 20 January,all,Slurms McKenzie,"I wanted this game to be at least decent as imho, there hasn't been a good Civil War game since Civil War Generals 2 long ago. I bought this as it looked fun and I have Ultimate General: Gettysburg so I thought I would give this one a try. Below are my thoughts ont his game thus far but keep in mind that it's still being developed so some of my complaints might get resolved later.Pro'sGame is fun at firstHints help you out in the begging of campaign missionsNo FPS drops or bug crashes that I experiencedCon'sBattle timer if RIDICULOUS. This is just a lazy LAZY way of adding difficulty to the game and you will find yourself being forced into frontal charges just so you can capture an objective before the timer runs out. This absolutely DESTROYS any strategy at all as strategy is about maneuvar and WAITING for the right time to attack. (This is my biggest problem with the game)AI is subpar at best. The AI often times attacks you head on instead of going for an obvious flanking attack on you and the AI doesn't coordinate anything with their troops. They often would attack me piecemeal in suicidal frontal charges.Graphics are worse than UG: Gettysburg and the camera can't be zoomed in at all and even when zoomed out, you can tell that low res graphics are used for units.Units will ALWAYS move themselves unless they are stationed defnding a fort wall. Otherwise, your cavalry, skirmishers, general and supplies move themselves. More than once, I went to look for my general where I left him only to find him across the map surrounded and dying.This game is all about Infantry. They are like tanks and take hit after hit after hit while your artillery, skirmishers and calvary are all absolutely worthless especially when you tell them to attack and they decide to ignore you and move on their own backwards away from the fight. Artillery is stupidly weak even at point blank range. Firing range doesn't do jack except for Inf. Whether you are at max range or point blank range with every other unit type, you get roughly the same results.Overall, this is a subpar game as of right now with major balancing issues needing attention and a better AI."
76561198260604643,Not Recommended,502520,34538742,Posted: 27 August,all,ftgcritt,"Can be fun, but the devs bit off way more than they could chew. They ignored glaring problems during development and opted to add more and more content instead of fixing the existing content. Major gameplay issues that were serious topics on the forums were completely ignored. I honestly don't know why they even had the bug report option during development because it is clear they weren't reading the reports."
,Recommended,502520,32689454,Posted: 23 June,all,McChicken,"first RTS i've played where a battle is actually a battle, not that simple ""place your troops on one small map and kill all the bad guys"" type of battle. the ai is also quite smart, unlike most ai in other RTS games"
76561198085310347,Not Recommended,502520,29987893,Posted: 17 February,all,dougbiv,cannot get the hang of how to play this game though was very excited about it.  if u know tactics based games maybe its for you. otherwise dont frustrate yourself
76561198116946655,Not Recommended,502520,29304039,Posted: 16 January,all,SGTBurns,really starting to become unplayable with all the freezes
76561198052501049,Not Recommended,502520,33162159,Posted: 2 July,all,Number 12 with eggroll,"I really wanted to like this game. I did. But the bottom line is this: you're always facing an unlimited enemy. As soon as you have the upper hand, the message will flash ""general soinso is reinforcing from blah blah blah. And 10,000 more troops will appear.  AI is very competent so you take massive losses while your enemy takes hardly any - like a brigade of 900 enemies holding off 20,000 of your troops. (fredricksburg) it is WAY lopsided, and makes the game unplayable. It is neither fun nor relaxing."
,Recommended,502520,33634641,Posted: 18 July,all,Wolfardan,.
76561198049363959,Recommended,502520,31469521,Posted: 30 April,all,niten57,Not nearly as good as I had hoped.  I'm giving it a 6/10 so far. I've only played the union champain so far but I think the single battles will be the best part of the game. Really wanted a good champain but so far this is not it. If things change I will edit this review.
76561198319890750,Recommended,502520,30536210,Posted: 15 March,all,Louis-Nicolas Davout,"Great game, though I find the charging a bit odd, it seems everytime I charge 3000 men into 500 the 3000 break when the 500 fire one volley, but other than that it's a great game."
76561198011353652,Recommended,502520,30571192,Posted: 17 March,all,Bulldog773,Get It!!!!! You want be disappointed
76561198102226247,Recommended,502520,30578183,Posted: 17 March,all,negi1274,I have been playing this game for over 3 months now and i have to say it is one of the best game during this period of US history. I really love the game and all the aspect that it has. I new dual and the AI is very smart in thier strategies and tacties that they us to commbate me and my armies. Overall Very good.
76561198167578899,Recommended,502520,31895223,Posted: 21 May,all,jimmynguyen277,"Beat the Union at Malvern Hill....Lost half of my best Corps....Total Confederate casualties = around 14,000 menLost 5 good Brigade generals...Moment of silence......10/10"
,Not Recommended,502520,29827824,Posted: 10 February,all,NativeJewmerican,Whatever changes they've made in the past month have made the AI so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ they're barely capable of anything
76561197976977063,Not Recommended,502520,34221312,Posted: 13 August,all,todd.fielder,no idea how to play this game...no tutorial or instructions
,Recommended,502520,31921615,Posted: 23 May,all,zeoblow,"I've played Ultimate General: Gettysburg and all of the Darthmods from Rome to Shogun 2. Unlike Gettysburg tho, I can't even beat the game on normal. Basically like other reviews have said, the AI army scaling during the campaign gets very frustrating. After winning all the minor engagements leading up to the 2nd Bull Run battle as the Confederates, I have two deployment spots. One holds 25 brigades and the other 60 brigades. Well I have only 24 brigades TOTAL! but the Yankees will sure as hell bring the max number of brigades, most have 2,500 men compared to my max of 2,000. When the odds are so stacked against me like this I STILL have to drive THEM from their fortified position on the hill…AAAAAWWWWW!See I'm getting frustrated just talking about it. Maybe it’s all by design though. I actually like this game a lot. I'm giving a positive review because it actually feels like the situations generals found themselves in during the real civil war. Insurmountable odds, not winning every engagement, playing to survive and fight another day, etc...My only complaint is that I can't recruit and equip my army fast enough to keep up with the enemy. Pretty much all new recruits are put towards replacing casualties from the last major battle (I like the feeling of building up to a climactic battle), BUT with all my new recruits going towards replenishment, my army size stagnates unlike the enemy.Ultimate General: Civil War and I have a love hate relationship. It's very abusive and kicks you when you're down, but on the rare chance you win against everything thrown at you it feels incredibly satisfying."
76561197984116734,Recommended,502520,31929811,Posted: 23 May,all,Joe1013,Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing cool.
76561198021502079,Recommended,502520,31924876,Posted: 23 May,all,Lord Drax,Seriously one of the best Civil War games out there. This is a must have for ANY armchair general!! 10/10
76561198046396491,Recommended,502520,31984366,Posted: 26 May,all,stinascarlet,"I lost count of the years i,ve been waiting for a civil war game like this you guys are the best!!!!!!!!!! I have never commented on youtube or anything accept fb I dont game online often, and have only commented on one other game but have played 100,s, but people need to buy this game!!!!!!!!!! civil war fan or not this game is great quit worrying about the latest greatest in graphics and play something with good gameplay, historical value, a great campaign, many custom options for arming your men, and is just endless fun."
76561198010021695,Recommended,502520,32045318,Posted: 29 May,all,Squirrelknight,"At the time I'm reviewing this the game is technically still in early access, but it is such a polished and well-made game already that I feel pretty confident about this recommendation anyway.Normally I'm not into Civil War games because of the discomfort factor of dealing with that whole era in general, but I'll be damned if this isn't one of the most satisfying strategy experiences I've ever had that easily rival the likes of Total War and Supreme Commander; in tactical depth, fun factor and the ease with which you can pick up and play the game within minutes of purchasing it, Ultimate General: Civil War satisfies on all fronts.The style is very interesting; it looks very pretty without a polygon in sight. The 2D graphics are very sharp and very appropriate, with the tens of thousands of troops that will need to be rendered on-screen at once to perfectly recreate historical battles like you've never seen before. The terrain is rich and colorful and the many units under your command contrast quite nicely with the backdrop, making tracking your forces a breeze. The sound effects are also top-notch. Maybe could use a little more variety with the sound effects but I only say this because I know I'm going to be putting many many hours into this game.After playing this, I wonder why every RTS doesn't let you hold and drag the mouse button to instantly lay out precise paths for your troops to follow. I never played Gettysburg, this game's predecessor, but for all I know, there's a few mechanics introduced here that feel both essential in this title and sorely missed in ones to follow, a feeling I haven't had since Blizzard revolutionized the genre with Warcraft and later Starcraft back in the 90s. For the most part the gameplay works very well. Sometimes I just want to make a slight adjustment to a column's positioning and instead they spend a good ten to fifteen seconds rotating around, pushing other columns out of the way and taking unnecessary flanking damage, but USUALLY they behave if you learn to play the game and manage your forces properly, which in the game's early state is pretty applaudable. There seems to be a LOT of talent at work here with just about every aspect of the game.There are a few different game types and you can even create your own battles if you like. I usually stick to the big, awesome, famous historical battles with troops all ready to go and backstory presented with each one. The campaign is a little impenetrable for the casual player. If you like the thought of managing your funds and making sure all of your troops have the best possible muskets you can afford and are adequately trained and supplied as you try and scrape by with leftovers from previous battles as you scramble not to let your new recruits die before you can afford to give them something better than rocks and their daddy's pellet gun they brought with them, you will get a big nerd stiffy over the campaign, but I am a man of simpler tastes.Overall, I can't wait til the game's release and picked it up when I heard the price will likely increase after early access because it looked so good I didn't want to wait for a sale that could be many months down the road. The game's pretty much done anyway and you owe it to yourself to give it a shot if you are any kind of RTS fan."
,Recommended,502520,35210127,Posted: 25 September,all,cape,i never thought having a 100k confederate army breezing through the entire civil war would be so much funi never thought i'd be living my guilty pleasure of seeing my dixie land rise from it's high taxes and terrible unemployment and not-destroyed infrastructurei never thought i'd be jealous of this universe's me to see if dixie actually prevented the libtardismgod bless america
76561198028296503,Recommended,502520,30573041,Posted: 17 March,all,Swade,game needs better graphics lol.. cool concept though
76561198136579557,Not Recommended,502520,30085637,Posted: 21 February,all,ciresmoke1,they say they are fixing bug. but they are just adding more. complete♥♥♥♥♥♥game. dont waste time. or money. no matter what  the enemy will always have you outnumbered. no historical accuracy at all. this game is just buttered up by people that hump game-labs leg. again dont waste time or money.
,Recommended,502520,33566719,Posted: 15 July,all,LETSDOTHIS,"I brought this game as a cheaper alternative to Total War: Warhammer, but soon found this game to be rather slow and too realistic. For an era-realism stratergy game, i have to say it is well made and pretty fun, but for someone looking for a faster paced chaotic stratergy, choose Warhammer!!Bring me some redskin meat!!"
76561198067411023,Not Recommended,502520,33388001,Posted: 8 July,all,Knife'd,"I honestly wanted to like this game and I tried to again and again and again but honestly: make the game fair.Those side missions can do you more harm than good. Killed 6000 soldiers? Too bad the enemy gets them all back. AND MORE. That is nice.Have fun seeing those 1000+ skirmisher per troop or the near 3k infantrie squads. Or the fact that they don't give single damn about condition (read: stamina) and recover from routing way faster. Or outright 'retreat' towards you.But I could forgive all of that, aside from the last one maybe the AI can be pretty stupid after all. If it weren't for 1 thing: they can fire through their own troops.To elaborate: If a unit of yours, that is not artillery, is behind one of your troops it is unable to fire since... well friendly fire (lets ignore that it doesn't exist in this game) would be bad. They also can't shoot if the 'blocked' unit is on a hill and the 'blocking' unit at the foot of said hill. They can fire into the melee of one of your units though.Now I have seen it a couple of times (mainly when they focus a single unit) that the Ai, as you can probably guess, outright says 'screw the rules' and does exactly that: Form double line and fire massive volleys at you. Either let the player also do that or fix it.Also please stop the freaking auto-disengage."
76561198031664917,Recommended,502520,33550302,Posted: 14 July,all,={GMU}= Ney(Lützow),One of the best strategy games one could ever play.Its a must buy for any person fan of strategy games.
76561198119766433,Not Recommended,502520,29935574,Posted: 14 February,all,☭,Trash
76561198007332469,Not Recommended,502520,29430019,Posted: 22 January,all,Josip B.,"Previous was : game average but on path of being good (in january), with lots of examples and arguments blah blah.Now is : game average but game design doesn't fit the ambition, patches keep putting the game on a bad trajectory. Ai exploits OP weapons and gameplay flaws, scaling is still a thing... too many things change from patch to patch.Game is NOT a strategy game : you have no impact on the strategic level except your army's quality, composition and armament. This is a tactical play of the Civil War in the East. Couldn't even say with respect to tactical simulations that this a tactical game, most of your input in the big battles gets ruined by the timer and the AI run for strategic points even when the battle is lost. Maps are nice and huge but I hate having to play the way it was meant to be and get spanked for experiencing.To add some things that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off :- artificial difficulty with AI armies almost always being in superior number and quality- LoS is very very badly implemented- OP skirmishers spam. Units used to screen movement of larger units are now berserkers, charging and routing units 5 to 10 times their number- absence of topographic lines (AI knows which positions are the best, you can just guess after having played the same maps over and over)- absolute lack of impact of your actions strategically (no change in campaigns, or army quality your gonna face) and tactically (the magic spawns on arty right in front of your lines on Malver Hill which insta kills 2-3 brigades before you can suppress them because ""the frontline was historically there"" when you managed to get the upper hand).- That ♥♥♥♥ing AI magic arty, killing hundreds with no LoS and poor quality cannons when you need to micromanage yours constantly to have any impact on the game.- The scenario's limitations :  You have 20 brigades in your corps because you chose to upgrade your army organisation ? Well games says ""♥♥♥♥ you"" and only lets you play 10 of them Vs more and better opponent.Verdict : wait release, maybe months after release, read comments and critics. Don't go for it yet, very frustrating atm. You frequently feel as if the game was presenting you the middle finger. Weel, ♥♥♥♥ you game !One last thing that, imo, needs to be underlined and which advocates strongly against getting the game now : it is available as an early access without any news about a release date since november 2016. Game info told ""2-4 months maximum"" as an EA : we're now mid-may 2017.But it got me back on the Total War series with Darthmods."
76561198120286258,Not Recommended,502520,33183214,Posted: 3 July,all,Wobblyshrimp,"Not a bad game but I can't justify the price tag for it. The battles feel like a mobile game with little 2d sprites marching around. You can't zoom in on the battles. There's no campaign map, just a screen to edit your armies in between battles. The total war series is much better. I would suggest checking out Total War: Napoleon."
76561197966874698,Not Recommended,502520,33324776,Posted: 6 July,all,Megadeth,"A really good set of ideas for a fascinating grand strategy civil war game marred by a bare bones battle interface that makes larger battles a micromanagment hell.  Watch yourself get micromanaged into oblivion by AI that knows instantly when to react to opportunities while you press pause every 2 seconds to monitor every individual unit lest they stumble into flanking fire or get charged out of nowhere. This game was done better 20 years ago by Sid Meyer, its called Gettysburg!(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sid_Meier%27s_Gettysburg!)The developers of UG:CW may want to play this and disect why the battle interface and the AI is so superior. Everything was done better from Cavalry to Division level formations to Corp level advances. Never have I been so eager to play yet totally frustrated to the point of giving up.Well meaning attempt at injecting some real interesting strategy elements without the proper debugging and playtesting that makes all the elements come together properly. I give it another year before its ready for prime time, if the developers actually learn from their mistakes."
76561197998926155,Not Recommended,502520,30842522,Posted: 30 March,all,Jay_13thstep (DAB),"Yeah there are problems here. I havent clocked too many hours into the game but its frustrating the hell out of me. If you are expecting Ultimate General Gettysburg - dont. Somehow this has stripped back some of the features in that game, and added others that are questionable.I like the idea of a supply chain and it works as its not overly punishing when you have lots of other things to think about. But why has the topogrpahy map view gone in place of 'slightly jaunty angle map view'? If it is there I'll be damned if I can find it. Why cant I move several units at once? Seriously you have to move each unit by itself its ridiculous. Also the amount of times Ive seen my 1500 stack units run around aimlessly getting wiped off the map, I've lost all patience. I've played on easy so far, but in reality its incredibly hard, every map I play is a draw. Maybe the game needs a tutorial or an advisor setting because it just throws you straight in without any tips on how to actually play the damn thing.Its not a user friendly experience and I cant advise playing it at the moment, but do hope it turns into something more playable soon. The groundwork is there, it just needs a few more months in development to really make it stand out - hold onto your [oh my god this cost] £23 for now."
76561198254609054,Recommended,502520,33545948,Posted: 14 July,all,[Virgin]ia,Good game to bring back the south
76561198011918994,Recommended,502520,33554727,Posted: 15 July,all,[KG] VonRosNos,Awesome Game. Best American Civil War game to date.
76561198006572653,Recommended,502520,33549041,Posted: 14 July,all,Centurion,Best Civil War game I've played. Good tactical gameplay with a decently challenging ai!
76561198087074302,Recommended,502520,26753555,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,mab,"This game is like crack. It is so fun and addictive. In fact, it is probably one of the best early access games on steam. I loved it and found myself binge playing for 8 hrs. The more I played the more I wanted it.These are the reasons why I liked it:1). You get to customize your armies and decide which weapons you want. However, the choices are limited by money and year. Choose wisely.2). human-like AI. You make a boo-boo; Like one time I left a 24 gun 10 pounder parrot cannon battery exposed and they charged it! I lost over umpteenth thousand dollars of artillery. I lost a f*ckton of money. the officer, who was a colonel, and had six battles of experience, was KIA.  Oh and I lost 600 men in the first four minutes of the battle.3). I like the ability to choose perks. There is no ""right choice"" only what you need for your overall strategy."
76561197992078088,Recommended,502520,27422754,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Artillery Horse,"I want it all and I want it now, I want DLC week after week..."
76561198394048137,Recommended,502520,33531526,Posted: 14 July,all,Legoshipmaster,"This game is great. I have put in a lot of hours into this game. This is hands down, one of the greatest games I have ever played"
76561198031866950,Not Recommended,502520,29399833,Posted: 21 January,all,(4eD) Krutan,"UUUGGGGHHH. OK BEFORE I START I REALLY LIKE THIS GAME AND ILL PROB CHANGE MY RECOMMEND STATUS LATER WHEN THEY FIX STUFF. OK SO IVE READ SOME OTHER NEGATIVE REVIEWS AND PEOPLE DONT LIKE THE TIMER, OR THEY DONT LIKE HOW THEIR INFANTRY WONT HOLD STILL AND THEY WONT CHARGE WHEN I TELL THEM TO..... GEEZ CMON OK EVEN I KNOW THE TIMER SIMULATES TIME LEFT IN THE DAY UNTIL NIGHT TIME... YOUR UNITS WONT HOLD STILL BECUASE YOU HAVE THEM STACKED ON TOP OF EACH OTHER DUH.... AND THEY WONT CHARGE BECAUSE THEIR TIRED OR YOU RECENTLY GAVE THEM A CHARGE ORDER AND THERES A COOLDOWN FOR THE ABILITY... OK SO WITH THAT SAID PEOPLE WHO HAVE THOSE KINDA GRIPES PAY ATTENTION TO THE TUTORIAL NEXT TIME YOULL LEARN SOMETHING. NOW ON TO MY GRIPES, THE GAME IS AWESOME THROUGH AND THROUGH HOWEVER, OCCASIONALLY MY UNITS WHEN GIVEN THE FALLBACK ORDER WOULD RUN HEAD LONG INTO THE ENEMY LINES THATS DUMB, REALLY DUMB, SO DUMB THAT IT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ME OFF ENOUGH TO WRITE THIS REVIEW. DONT GET ME WRONG IT DOESNT HAPPEN ALL THE TIME BUT USUALLY AT THE VERY WORST POSSIBLE TIME.... AND THE DEVS REALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ME OFF WITH THE BATTLE OF CHANCELLORSVILE I HAD 2/3 VICTORY POINTS 30 SECONDS AWAY FORM VICTORY AND THE DAY ENDED... NOOOOOW... I WASNT MAD UNTIL THEY TELEPORTED ALL MY TROOPS BACK TO MY CAPTURE POINT AT THE START OF THE 3RD DAY.... I WORKED SO HARD AND WAS SECONDS FROM TOTAL VICTORY AND THEY STOLE IT FROM ME... OTHER THAN THAT I LOVE THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,502520,34090223,Posted: 7 August,all,[WK] Keragon,"This game looked like it would be a lot of fun, and I had some pretty high hopes for it.  However after trying about 4 times to even get past the FIRST BATTLE and being unable to on NORMAL difficulty, I find myself writing this review.On easy the game is somewhat playable.  You can actually make progress but still feel like your on the edge of losing at any moment.  The enemy outnumber you in every single fight...  I tried a few other missions and it's the same thing, never will you have even strength battle, you are always outmanned and outgunned.Then there is the problem with unit control.  Half the time you order your men to move, and you expect them to do such in a way that makes sense.  Every time a unit moves it get's rear flanked or just flanked...  Even if the front of the unit is still facing the enemy.  It dosn't make any sense.  Then the units go off on their own accord and do their own thing regardless of what you have instructed them.  This really gets frustrating when a unit is holding the line on a flank and decides randomly, that they want to charge out of cover headlong into 1000 muskets aimed their way and get mowed down.  Then your flank collapses and you lose the battle, even though YOU NEVER GAVE THE ORDER.I just can't handle this game.  It is incredibly difficult and it puts you into perplexing scenarios that in reality would be entirely un-winnable yet it expects you to win them.  The battles are not historically accurate in the least which really removes any interest I had in the game since it already failed me in the strategy department.Unfortunately I'm too far in that I can't refund it now.  Just save yourself the time, money and frustration and find something else to play."
76561198009573578,Not Recommended,502520,35030216,Posted: 17 September,all,sabot67,This is NOT A STRATEGY game as advertised.  This is a simple (very simple) tactical civil war game.  How do I return it?
76561197987355055,Not Recommended,502520,29169452,Posted: 10 January,all,Urza,"I really took a chance during the winter sale on this game, but I expected great things from it due to the reviews here.I'm writing because I feel like the positive reviews are not being fully honest and many are vague about a game that is pretty obviously still in the working process. Not only do reviews like that hurt the purchaser, but they hurt the devs. trying to make the game good.When you start a campaign you are given choices on stats, which have no explanation on how they will effect later gameplay. Very bare-bones, but hey, its early dev. so I just plowed through with a balance of stat choices. I do like that there were many options. You are immediately thrown into a battle, despite the stat choices at the start, and right off the bat the unit movement is sluggish and the unit graphics aren't really that great which contrast with the very nice terrain. I still go back and play stuff like Chrono Trigger & Age of Empires II, so graphics really don't bug me. But I was surprised because none of the positive reviews on here mentioned that.Responsiveness is an absolute basic must for me in every strat. game. Even though the command card is limited, my troops were not responsive; they would skirmish against charging enemy skirmishers when I was trying to get them to engage in melee, they would retreat even with full health, supplies, and condition. There was no clear indication when I ordered a unit to engage another if they had actually received the command without sound. The movement is slow and very dissatisfying on the real time map. The poor unit responsiveness was made worse by the lack of unit detail in graphics on their movement.I didn't continue playing past the first battle, because I didn't buy the game to review it, I bought the game to enjoy it. But I'm really surprised very few reviews seem to mention this. The initial battle was so dissatisfying I decided that even if the game had great army/map management mechanics, I wouldn't be able to play any of the battles. I do like what I saw as a base, and will try to keep track of this game for a future purchase, as I think it has a lot of potential.To the devs: if your in-game map/army management is the strongest point to the game, (which the stat choices before the first battle, reviews, and trailer would indicate) I suggest starting your players off on the map/army management proportion of the game, and then let them select and delve into the first battle from the campaign. First impressions are very important, and I think starting off a campaign intro with your best assets would retain players.As of now I do not recommend the RTS porportion of the game, though I expect my review to change when I check back after a third or half of a year."
76561198023994482,Not Recommended,502520,29946511,Posted: 15 February,all,RaptorJesus,spent 30$ on a game that i played once to find out the videos are nothing like the gameplay aweful son dont do it
,Not Recommended,502520,34541859,Posted: 27 August,all,FeuerKuh,poor controls
76561198006609428,Recommended,502520,33547676,Posted: 14 July,all,andrewauHK,There could be possible betterments for improvements in later versions.
76561198097727698,Not Recommended,502520,34283285,Posted: 16 August,all,Gremlin,"calvary cant kill skirmishers on a charge over flat ground when they out number them 3-1 the most unrealistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t right there.  skirmishers can out run cav, one volly from a infantry unit a quarter your size can shatter a infantry unit. infantry will stop its charge immediatly after it beguins even if it has full stamina causing the charge ability to go on cooldown (which in its self is very stupid).  calvary will run 3 feet towards a unit in a charge then immediatly turn around and run away even though it has sabers and pistol build.  all in all this game makes empire total war vanilla unit mechanics look like a god send.  dont waste your money on this game till they actualy try to balance it properly."
,Not Recommended,502520,33755486,Posted: 23 July,all,Jorge,"This is a game that I really want to love.  I very much enjoyed UG:Gettysburg and much of what makes that game successful was transferred here.  The strategic layer that was added as the stepping stone between the mostly historical battles in this game is fun and I spent a lot of time tweaking my units.  History buffs may want to suspend disbelief at that camp screen as the base rifle for all units is called ""farmer"" or ""hunter"".  Not sure why units couldn't just start out with historical weapons, but oh well.  Also smoothbore muskets are given weaker damage and there seems to be no knowledge on the parts of the developers on the use of ""buck and ball"" for smoothbores which was devastating for units at close range (Irish Brigade loved their .69 smoothbores).  But that is a minor quible.  The heart of the game is the tactical battles, a la UG:G.  Here is where the real problems occur.  Often times a battle goes really well and occurs in a way that tactically makes sense and is historically accurate, even if you lose you still understand why.  Sometimes, battles turn into situations where AI hordes are charging all over the screen.  When these situations occur you will now find yourself in a battle that seems to resemble the Total War series.  There seems to be little rhyme or reason why one unit breaks or holds fast in these situations.  I've seen vastly outnumber units hold firm against a charge and I've seen three star units of superior strength run for the hills.  Also, surrendering seems to be totally random.  The most frustruating flaw in the tactical battles is the enemy units penchant for routing through your lines, regrouping and then taking rear objectives.  Some of the battles need to have their maps redrawn.  I was able to inflict 3 to 1 casualties on the US AI at Antietam, but could not help getting overrun on Marye's Heights at Fredericksburg.  The scale on the Fredericksburg map seems to be off and results in the Union troops starting really close to the Confederate troops.  Fredericksburg is the site of another frustration, which is that on some maps you get to repair your unit dispositions and other times you don't.  I can't explain why the Confederate commander cannot lay out his troops for Fredericksburg, a battle where the confederates were on the defense and had days to prepare their positions.  Also, the defensive strongpoints on most maps will actually lead a novice player to their doom as the AI rarely attacks those locations front a direction that would be beneficial to those units.  Unlike UG:G, there are no terrain lines and you have really no idea where is best to locate artillery for observation and advantage.  I learned to keep my artillery really close to the front because there seems to be no damage advantage to owning the heigher ground.  It seems to be impossible to kill opposing generals even if they walk into multiple infantry volleys.  Overall, it is a game with a lot of potential and if you don't mind reloading a battle multiple times after the AI routes multiple units into your rear area then you will enjoy it."
76561198007366988,Not Recommended,502520,31766968,Posted: 15 May,all,Unreconstructed Rebel,Sorry I can't recommend this game.  It is not ready for prime time.  The game will not start instead of trying every suggested fix suggested by the developers.  The game should be titled Ultimate Black Screen of Nothingness.  My pc and laptop are both more than capable of handlinmg this game but it DOES NOT WORK.
76561198022297880,Recommended,502520,28730044,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,fetter1031,Great Civil War game.
76561198121781281,Recommended,502520,32461934,Posted: 15 June,all,DRA _CPG _Jacob,hi
,Recommended,502520,33549897,Posted: 14 July,all,Sex Pistolero,I absolutely love this game! It is by far the best Civil War game on steam.
,Not Recommended,502520,29077783,Posted: 6 January,all,[52ndNY][Sgt]David Dire,"Plagued with bugs, and lacking any real strategy at the moment. Less battle depth than the first one, and many of the same problems the original had. Buy Gettysburgs and wait for this to be completed, unless you enjoy nonsensical, completely untactical ""strategy"" games."
76561198008398020,Not Recommended,502520,33963166,Posted: 1 August,all,Robinicus,"I normally really like this style of game and thought having one closely tied to history instead of something fictional would be a great plus.Unforunately, this one is just far too slow playing to hold any interest. The battle units move very slowly and do not respond to immediate threats, they get stuck in the streets in the towns and hold each other up, they have very cryptic problems with a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor interface.Maybe they will eventually get this right but it sure is a long way away from anything enjoyable at this point."
76561198198520667,Not Recommended,502520,35393030,Posted: 1 October,all,Mr Meeseeks,Sh*t just Sh*t.
76561198024163561,Recommended,502520,33552593,Posted: 14 July,all,Strawdognz,Ti's awesome
76561198003154378,Not Recommended,502520,33231493,Posted: 4 July,all,devinsono,"I don't know why the rate is so high?What is the Strategy to win?Even my army is 2:1 at some portion, but my loss is still as same as AI.Sometimes, I thought it may be the artillery ratio. So I increased the quantity of ARTILLERY, but did nothing.In this game, CAVALRY is USELESS!!!  Is it for FAST-MOVING or CRUSHING the formation of infantry(Musketeer)?I thought it is JUST a MOBILIZED MUSKETEER without any advantage against ordinary infantry!I completely never know the mechanism of this game.will be updated after more trials."
,Not Recommended,502520,28886466,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Voidwalker105,"This game is over priced, EVEN with the 15% sale. The confederate campaign is impossible, even on the easiest difficulty. The controls are terrible, and the AI is overpowered, eventually leaving you with nothing and flat broke. Dont buy the game, and go buy an actually good game."
76561198087777839,Not Recommended,502520,29520946,Posted: 27 January,all,El Ganja,"This game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ The first level on without any penalties to either side is impossible. I spend nearly 2 hours trying multiple strategys. The enemy gets way to many men, they run if they loose which makes you either let them go and get ♥♥♥♥ed in the rear later or you comit half your army to hunt them down.My men don't listen as well, I try to get them over the bridge and my whole army just falls over each other till they run back over the bridge just to stand still and do nothing.I hold the defensive position in the town and all the enemy needs to do is charge me and my men just rout. And when I want to charge in myself... they just waste all their energy just to stand still 50 yards away and start shooting...."
76561198133837305,Not Recommended,502520,30823036,Posted: 29 March,all,XCLBR_{W*A*R*},no multiplayer even on the horizon = shelf dust. I play because im a fan but i cant recomend and wish i hadnt bought it just to protest no multiplayer
,Not Recommended,502520,29489915,Posted: 25 January,all,PFC Anarkey,"In this game you will feel like a Civil War general. You will feel the unrelenting power of the Northern Union or the hick infested southern cries of ""Yee yee"" but no matter. If you play either side it will be the same. You will be outnumbered 10 to 1. You will spend all your money making regiments that reach up to 1 thousand with no chance of reinforcing them as you have no money or manpower. Then get stomped by regiments the size of up to 3000 because the game says ""Hey , ♥♥♥♥ you."" This game is amazing but the balanze is just straight up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198008104899,Not Recommended,502520,29546731,Posted: 28 January,all,JG51_Angriff,Game is a decent attempt .  The campaign aspect between differnt battles does not allow the player to change things up a bit so it might as well be a boring advancement scenario game maybe it is already.  You cannot seem to take advantage of tactical flanking was the AI routs you men with the simplest of skirmiser flanking while you flanking skirmisher do little to the AI.  Really not worth the trouble.  Though I will continue to play it with limited interest for a while  any player with less wargame likings should not buy it.
76561198041770092,Not Recommended,502520,26726409,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Gloomy,"tl;dr: Great game with great mechanics, but easy is way too easy and normal is incredibly difficult, near impossible and ruins the entire experience of the campaign.This is a great game, in theory at least. I liked Ultimate General Gettysburg, but I love Ultimate General: Civil War. The only problem is, the difficulty is insanely difficult. I have probably around 2000 hours in strategy games give or take. I am by no means a newbie and by no means a master, so I decided to play normal difficulty on the campain. The mechanics of this game are beautiful and I can not wait for them to be put to good use. The real issue with this campaign, is that the enemy is constantly outnumbering you. I have played 8 battles so far and I've been outnumbered by 1.5 times or more every time. If I have 10,000, the enemy is garunteed to have at least 15,000 without a doubt. I find myself barely clinging on for dear life needing to restart frequently and change out units to appease the deployment gods and get the enemy unit deployment numbers a little lower. Normal difficulty is too hard for me, well just play easy you say? My friend who has hundreds of hours in Gettysburg and thousands in strategy games also cannot play normal difficulty in this game and I rarely see him lose in any strategy game. Regardless, we tried easy difficulty and it's so easy that it's no longer fun. I feel like fixing this problem is a minor easy fix for a very large problem. It's my only problem with the game, but it's big enough that it entirely ruins this great game. When this is fixed I would love to recommend the game and talk about it's great mechanics and enjoyability, but for now I can not enjoy this game.Edit: I think the reason they've got it set this way is because of how stupid the AI is. It's not overly stupid, but it can't play tactically and so they just try to overwhelmingly outnumber you. If you increase the amount of troops you're bring in a battle the AI does too. Not a good fix to a problem that a game based on intelliegence should have.Edit: It also seems as though the supply system is completely broken. As my men run out of ammo they continue to shoot throughout the entire game long after they, ""ran out of ammo""."
76561198413521497,Not Recommended,502520,34268286,Posted: 15 August,all,luigi5320,It crashes uhhhhh
76561198318206404,Not Recommended,502520,29849381,Posted: 11 February,all,1838534434,"Very easy to freeze or crush, the worst game experience ever."
76561198073557424,Not Recommended,502520,29595073,Posted: 30 January,all,HeartDigger,how can i get a refund
,Recommended,502520,33552479,Posted: 14 July,all,Bouncer,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
76561198056461008,Not Recommended,502520,31334985,Posted: 24 April,all,Rekztam,"1/10Oh, also it's slow paced and just an awful game honestly. Overpriced for the content you get. Unbalanced. Bad game design choices. Can't get a refund for it though because it made so little an impact I had forgotten it for months."
,Not Recommended,502520,26743592,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,SanDiegoNorman,sure does crash alot
76561198103903100,Not Recommended,502520,27013511,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Element Nihonium,After 8 hours of gaming the game will not run.
76561198063223539,Not Recommended,502520,33912365,Posted: 30 July,all,beastsailor,I don't think this game should be classified as an RTS. The only thing you do is click units around a map. You can't select how they attack in melee or using guns. The game just seems really limited and the unit graphics of games made 10 years ago look better than this game. The only cool thing is playing historial battles. Its not worth $30.
76561198048511352,Not Recommended,502520,28512501,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Inoke,Promised more battles in early access than provided.   Only one battle in the campaign.    Feel cheated.
76561198068779165,Not Recommended,502520,31445715,Posted: 29 April,all,b90sours,Age of Empires is 100% better than this game... constantly outnumbered no matter what side you play as.. you do not have total control of your armies and when your need your reenforcements they dont come until your all but destroyed\ when the game decides it wants to give them to you.wish i could get my money back not with it...$30 Wasted......................
76561198004608407,Not Recommended,502520,29527896,Posted: 27 January,all,TwoStepsFromHell,"Weak mechanics, poor graphics. Dumbified gameplay. Simply put, not worth it - at least not in the current state."
,Not Recommended,502520,33595489,Posted: 16 July,all,The Solid Beast,"I wanted to like this game so bad. Looks totally fun watching on YouTube people moving their forces across a gorgeous map. Unfortunately, this game is NOT beginner friendly to people new to RTS games. It is simply way too overwhelmingly and hard, even after watching 2-3 hours of YouTube videos and reading. The AI is way too good even on the easy setting. If you're new to the RTS genre, you ought to think twice about buying the game."
,Not Recommended,502520,33254793,Posted: 4 July,all,OldGrumpy,Seriously why is this eaven on the marked.Removed and refounded this is not close to a game.
76561198056627258,Not Recommended,502520,28523840,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,gn.shef,THIS GAME DOESN'T LAUNCH ON MANY PEOPLES COMPUTERSA SIO IF YOU BUY IT OUTSIDE aMERICA BE PREPARED TO NOT GET ANYTRHING FOR YOUYR MONEY.  STEAM BUYERS BEWARE they dont tell you this when you buy the game but o-just offer you a refund later which they dont pay for weeks
76561198006736389,Not Recommended,502520,28080770,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,johnni777,I have tried but I really dont like this game I have played Total War games for years and wanted to try something new but I was greatly dissappointed it is a bad game in every aspect compared to Total War why is only Total War games and Red Dragon the only wargames with more than decent graphics and sound ? So no I can not recommend this game it is just really annoying.
,Not Recommended,502520,33494726,Posted: 12 July,all,android3000,"In its current state 5/10. In its current state, do not release it. My recommendation is based on releasability not on the final product or progress as I hope to be helpful. I love the attempt though. Some major glitches but overall good for a beta. Th objectives in the historical battles are hodge podge and not really based on how you are doing. At Shiloh, I routed the confederates but was stuck falling back to pittsburgh landing. Firaxis' Gettysburg should be used as an example of what this should be. God, I wish that game had expanded to the entire war. The open and large maps, attention to detail, history, morale, fairly decent graphics, gore, and strategy were outstanding. It was historical but not confining. This game is a long way off from that classic. If I route a division/brigade whatever the hell those clumps were, they should probably lose morale when forced to fight and flee pretty quickyl wihtout a general around. It seemed I was routing enemies who would turn up again as if they were fresh. The AI gets stuck sometimes, the map is horid in that it loses track of a large battle, when out of ammo or for some reason, sides stop fighting, and the cavarly and skirmishers are impossible to control. I liked the campaign idea though. Fix these things and keep improving. My rating will go up to. Best of luck."
76561198107074626,Not Recommended,502520,33629522,Posted: 18 July,all,mOV_manny,"NOPE This game even after what 2 years This game is still broken with its Idea of what flanking is Gets SHOT from the Front game logic ""FLANKED"" I can not have fun playing this Poorly made game. I don't understand how any of you are having a good time playing this All I get is I try to trun my unit slightly to the left or Right they do a 360 so they get flanked. I charge Cavalary Its gets flanked because the men they were charging shot them in the face And thats a Flank. The AI nolonger Rout in to my lines anymore so I guess thats a PLUS. In the end This game should still be in alpha. I have tried so much to love this game but I can only watch as everything Is a flank and offericers don't know how to trun properly."
76561197989393819,Not Recommended,502520,34012315,Posted: 4 August,all,LordBaka,There is no multiplayer. So other staff is useless
76561198030616471,Not Recommended,502520,33565057,Posted: 15 July,all,ositodefelpa,"I've been interested in this game for over six months, and was delighted to see it was finally released. I bought it straight after release.What a disappointment!There is an outstanding game here, but it is nowhere near ready for release. So many really important issues that interfered with my enjoyment of the game. Perhaps they will fix these issues, and I will come back to the game in the future, but I don't intend to touch it for at least three months."
76561198331663045,Not Recommended,502520,33637488,Posted: 18 July,all,dlysmorrison,Not worth it game is fun but after a while SUCKS!!!!!
76561198358613906,Not Recommended,502520,33618686,Posted: 17 July,all,alabama26th,I just paid 30 bucks for a game that has nothing but a purple screen. I can't get anyone in support to answer my questions about how to fix the problem. I have Ultimate General: Gettysburg and it works just fine.
76561198097439998,Not Recommended,502520,28739502,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,deinoslogos93,Worst money I ever spent.
76561198108243212,Recommended,502520,30415595,Posted: 9 March,all,jlindbe5,"This is a wonderful game.  Very well made.  Aside from a few issues I love it.  Mostly being when I play as the south and win all my major conflicts, why does that not alter history?  The union doesnt keep winning if they loose 60000 to my 9000 at fredreickburg followed by defeats in all other battles and a victory at gettesburg.  Lincoln wouldnt be president and i sure as hell wouldnt be fighting chickimagua.  Aside from this and a few minor issues this is an amazing game.  I highly recomend it"
76561198007316856,Recommended,502520,29225602,Posted: 13 January,all,Ritho,Fantastic game.  It's a lot like Sid Meier's Gettysburg.  The developers actually fix issues in the game as well which is a bonus!  It's early access but the game is still very polished for early access.
76561198277817152,Recommended,502520,29517075,Posted: 27 January,all,Panzergraf,"Have been playing this game for a few weeks now and definitely deserves a full recommendation:1.Extremely immersive, allowing you to create and build your own private army, customizing various aspects and constantly expanding/upgrading it.2. Developers list to player feedback, constantly work on updates and increase/tweak the number of battles available.3. Compared to other strategy games, AI does challenge you at least some times and for most players there will be batlles where you have to try hard in order to succeed.While the game is still in Beta, it already works well and is worth playing now. Can't wait to see the finished product."
,Recommended,502520,29551976,Posted: 28 January,all,Madjaguarskillz,"Great game,  battles can last hours and you get a grand sense of how battles were so costly. Deffo recommend"
,Not Recommended,502520,28665200,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sokolov,Negative rating until they add option to disable scaling.
76561197971629660,Recommended,502520,26681330,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dadaan,"Only two hours in and I love this game, it's everything I wanted since CWG2.  The ability to capture equipment, reorganize/add to my Army, upgrade units, select the leaders I want and their skills. All these things are amazing.EDIT:Just about done with the Union Campaign and everything is great.Just finished Gettysburg on the Confederate campaign. So much fun and the game is constantly updated."
,Recommended,502520,28227614,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,[49th]Rec_Giu10,> Started with CSA>Hard level>Take the fort and kick the yankees♥♥♥♥♥>Send my troops to take the wall>Was destroyed by a hiding artyFired from command at first battle11/10 would be fired again
76561198353708524,Recommended,502520,29411971,Posted: 21 January,all,alexjinidaho,awesome gameits addictive
76561198042585620,Recommended,502520,27829986,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,toy poodle of gaming,Very fun game that I have a hard time putting down.  As this is early access I can't wait for the finished product.
76561197970225416,Recommended,502520,27818292,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gunfreak,"This is a copy paste from my Prewview/Review from  my wargaming blog.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------What a fun game!This is the second  game in what is now a series, called Ulitmate General.The first game dealt  only with Gettysburg, it had a series of battles that got affected  by how you did,  like if the union held on the first day,  the battle would be different  from how  history recorded the second  day  of Gettysburg.The game  was fun, nice to look it, and the selling point was the ease  of control and the AINow this second game, will let you play the entire civil  war! (when it's done, as it's in early  access, and the game ends after  Antietam)You start with creating  your general, through a sort of ""light RPG"" character creating screen,  You create a general, You choose  which studies you had at West Point  and so get various  points.Here we meet the first problem, the nr 1 skill  you  have to put points  in is; Army Organisation. This skill is needed to get; more brigades, bigger brigades,  and more corps. You just have to dump  your skill points as much as possible into it. This kinda defeats the purpose of having a choice in  your character creation. The second skill you need  to dump stuff  into is reconnaissance, so you'll be able  to see at least some info on enemy strength. The other skills seem much less important  and you simply fill up some of them  after getting as high as possible in Army Organisation.ou then do small battle, where  you have  to  take  a town with  a few thousand men at your disposal. Then hold the town against a counter attack. After this you'll start to build  your army!After you win the battle  you  get a new skill point(which  goes straight into  army  organization.And you get; money, manpower, and reputation. Money  is spent on creating  brigades and buying  weapons, manpower is how many recruits  you   have available. And reputation is a sort of political  currency. It  can buy used to ""buy"" more men, weapons or  generals. But it's also your life-line, if you loose to much reputation you will be fired!To start your army  you'll have whatever is left after the first battle. You'll need  to add brigades and divisions as soon as possible. It's relatively cheap to make a new brigade, as  long as  you have enough weapons  in your armory.  However adding veteran reinforcements to brigades you  already have is extremely expensive.  When I neared the battle of Antietam, it cost me some 50 000 to  add 500 veteran reinforcements to my best brigades.  Because  you do get best brigades. Not only can you  buy better weapons to them, But they level up, a  Level 3(the max) Brigade is  a monster compared to  a level 0 brigade. If you got a level 3 brigade with 2500 men(the biggest you can  get a brigade) You can count on them standing under extreme pressure.But as I said it's extremely expensive to reinforce them(you can reinforce them with rookies, but then the quality  of the brigade goes down)--------------------------------------------------------------------------Apperantly there isn't room for my whole review!!!So follow the  link for more indepth preview!But the short  if It I  wholeheartedly recomend  the game.http://apartmentofwar.blogspot.no/2016/11/previewreview-ultimate-general-civil-war.html"
76561197963315984,Recommended,502520,27505985,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ben!to,"So, lets see - it got the first few hours in and can give a temporary Review.Pros:-A good and fresh scenario, the American Civil War is not overdone, althought the Game Mechanics could work really well in the Napoleonic Era aswell.-Solid Sound Design-Decent Graphic Style-A really really nice Campaign, you Start with your little Corps with 3-4 Brigades and expend your Army over time, playing Historcial Missions and Random Missions on a little Campaign Map-The Game Focus on its strength, which are a decent AI and a intereseting Combat System, this Requieres constant Checking of Cover, Ammo and Moral of your Troops.-additional you just can play Historical Missions, i guess the Campaign the Mainfeature (its really good and addictive)-If you loose one of your Brigades in a battle and they Surrender, you can try to get them back and free them from the EnemyCons:-While the Graphic Style looks decent, its looks worse then the previous Game-The AI, sometimes its does great Outflanking manouvers but other times is just Sits there and let your Artillery cuts it to pieces-Difficulty trough Massive Enemy Numbers, you will find yourself often outnumbered, even if your the Attacking Side, Playing the Southern States this is even worse-Then again the Sound, Musket sounds are kind of dull and repetetiveOverall a Solid 7/10.I gues they will flesh out the addictive Campaign Gameplay and improve the Graphics.Battle Gameplay is really good and just needs some minor tweaks.I really hope the Ultimate General franchis will go over to the Napoleonic Era in its next installment, the Playerbase in the Napoleonic Era should be much lager then the niche ACW scene."
76561198010102489,Recommended,502520,27535525,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yarev,"First of all its a GREAT GAME, no doubt about it. So much has improved since UG Gettysburg, the most important is the map which is far more readable (in UGG that was my major concern). A campaign is a most welcome thing instead of just 1 single, long battle (wouldnt mind some buildings and economy though). I love that my brigades continue to the next battle, with the abbility to arm them as I please and name them as well. That customization of the armies makes this game so far interesting. If you want your army to be composed entirely of cavalry, its your choice ... and your funeral.The only 2 negative things I can find about this game is that the campaign is not balanced enough and some small bugs.But since its an early access its quite understandable and pretty obvious its going to be addressed.Buy it, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,502520,27595714,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KustomElvis,"After finishing what you can do so far in the game, I must say this game is TRULY something special. FINALLY after so many many many years, you have here a very tactical, but very accessible game for anyone interested in The American Civil War and all the battles/skirmishes that happened during that war.This game runs very well, is easy to understand, the learning curve is not huge, and the more you advance your tech tree for your army, the more intense and awesome it gets. I really do enjoy how you can create your army and be more artillery or more infantry or heck go nuts and have a whole division of Calvary! It is whatever strategies you want to implement.This game so far (as of 11-25-16) gives you the battles from your first skirmishes all the way to Antietam. The rest of the war will be added in the next 2-3 months from now. Look forward to it!Overall I would say if you love real time strategy games with some great tactical points, then you should give this a shot since it is well worth every penny. It is still early access, but I truly am enjoying this game quite a bit. GO AND BUY IT ALREADY!!(I will update this as the game gets more content and gets closer to full release)"
76561198007512734,Recommended,502520,27591875,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ARNDARP,"Even though it's still in Early Access, it seems to have the makings of an incredible strategy game. It's very deep, but isn't too diffcult to start playing, and the difficulty levels make a huge difference. The Ai is no pushover, and will quickly react against you and exploit weaknesses in your strategy, making the game very challenging, but still fun. The game does of course have it's flaws. Cover seems incredibly strong, and oftentimes defending is far easier than attacking. The game also doesn't do a great job at showing elevation which is very important. Also, there is no tutorial, and a lot of important commands are never mentioned or explained. The game is still in EA though, so overtime these things will be fixed, and it's already high replay value will become even greater.I fully recommend this game, especially once it's fully out in a few months or so."
76561198067253350,Recommended,502520,28174178,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ceutermark,Good game from what i played controls are a little weird but not to bad.
76561197983407664,Recommended,502520,28261746,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,navmetro,"If you are a fan of a Table Top Wargamming this game is for you!  I feel like I am playing 10mm Civil War.  Forces are varied with many choices for weapons, skills and numbers.  Do you have small experienced regiments or large cannon fodder?Even though still in Beta UG Civil War is one of favorite Civil War games.  I can not wait to see the finished product.  I will warn the learning curve is bit steep but can be picked up.Overall a great game but hey that is my opinon."
,Recommended,502520,28279880,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Roofus,"So far, i have to say i really enjoy this game. its just like any other RTS, and its different all at the same time.Where other of my favorite RTS' like the command and conquer series, or AOE where they require you to fight a battle while balancing an ever changing economy, this one just gives you a bunch of people (usually out numbered by the enemy) and says now go win.its a bit on the tough side, but it will prove that superior tactics will win the battles. elevation, cover and stealth as well as unit size and numbers play a huge role in the battlefield.i recomend this to anyone who enjoys ""active"" rts."
76561198007399255,Recommended,502520,28176209,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Yossarian,"Pros* Loved the original Ulitmate General Gettysburg. The interface is really intuitive and the graphics are just godo enough to be immersive, and just simple enough not to strain my machine. Not Total War level, but enoguh that you get a feel of moving brigades across the battlefield.* New campaign version, and more battles, really expands the replayability. I played a LOT of Gettysburg and I expect I will play even more of this game.*Customizeable army, officers, gaining experience, and re equiping weapons all remind me of Sierra's old Robert E. Lee Civil War General, a game I loved. I think the different stats and role of officers (which now seem like largely placeholders) could use a bit of tweaking around the edges, but I really like where the design is going.Cons* The AI isn't too bright and the main difficulty modifier seems to be ""The computer gets more stuff."" I have heard that programming good AI is hard, but I think it would be easy to offer some different variations. Is there any way to collect player data on how players play/win the different maps and perhaps allow the AI to adjust? I know I personally gimmick the heck out of going through woods on a narrow frontage in strength to avoid artillary fire and get close to the objective while avoiding keeping up any sort of pretense of a line. If the computer probed more, and responded to where I was, he could punish me for these sorts of tactics (or at least provide an effective counter.) This is particularly an issue compared to Gettysburg, as if I am on the offensive, unlike in Gettysburg, I don't have any objectives of my own to worry about meaning my tactics can be more unorthodox.""Needs Work""These are a few items that bother me, but are not worth putting under ""con"" as the game is still in progress.*The campaign mode needs a lot of tweaks to make it competitive and engaging. Some skills are inherently more useful than others (with some, like army organization being essential) making choices seem less meaningful. There is not many successful routes of skill placements that really result in diffreent interesting ways to be a general. So I'd recommend taking out ""necessary skills (like army org) and simply hardwrite those changes to occur in the course of the campaign and perhaps add new ones (say, infantry specialist/artillary specialist etc) that suggest different strategies.*The campaign mode also doesn't have much in the way of meaningful or interesting variation/decisions regarding battle choice. While the meat and potatoes of the game is the battlefield command, it'd be nice if choices mattered on teh campaign level. Examples of this include how the ""Wargame"" series in both European Escalation and Red Dragon had a Total War style map where you moved your subcomponent units around. The old Close Combad A Bridge Too Far series had different operations and sectors, sucess in which impacted your performance in other areas. This would be easy to copy here with perhaps Northern Virginia, the Missippi and... for a fun expansion... the west (smaller skirmashes and battles). Perhaps, for example, if you keep the Missippi open you get access to more weapons or different resources.* Could use some proofreading and editing on some of the battle descriptions and text.To Sum up:* Great war game built on solid fundamentals, keeping the magic of the original game. New featuers expand the replayablitiy and tactical challenges. AI still needs work, and the new campaign mode could use tweaking, but incredibly fun as is, and (given the support the company gave to Ulitimate General Gettysburg) likely to get much better. If you like the period or like war games I woudl definately get it."
76561198062779680,Recommended,502520,28176533,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,stuka444,"It is fun, rather difficult but definitly fun. Looking forward to the rest of the battles"
76561197994687910,Recommended,502520,26995311,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord Kikkawa,Shut up already and take my money!
,Recommended,502520,27026325,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dgibso29,Absolutely rocks so far. Very rare to see such a solid early access release. Can't wait to see what it looks like in two months!
,Recommended,502520,27024957,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Noders,while you wait for the next historicla total war game to come out try this trust me its worth it
76561198032538717,Recommended,502520,26680567,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Deadpool,How can I put this delicately......THIS IS F*CKIN AWESOME!!!! 61/10
,Recommended,502520,26680570,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Throckmorton,"I've logged a ton of hours in UG: Gettysburg and this improves on the formula in every way.From simple things likes having supply wagons to the ability to detach skirmishers (learn it, use it, love it) to the tons of new scenarios and the very promising beginnings of the campaign it's a solid game already, even though it's in early access.And that doesn't even touch on the army building, which allows you to create and control brigades and divisons where you choose thier makeup and armament. Though it's kind of weird you have to buy your weapons, I mean you're in the army, maybe they're trying to simulate limited supply?Still some weirdness to work out, notably it's not clear why certain units choose to move automatically. It's minor, not like, they randomly walk off the fieild or anything, but I'd like an indication as to why, like a little ""Repositioning Sir!"" or ""The Men Need to Pull Back Sir!"" pop up above the unit or something like that.If you love grand tactical black powder gaming, or just a good war game, support these guys, there's more than enough here to keep you busy and get your money's worth while they crank out the rest of it."
76561197988746050,Recommended,502520,26681175,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,nilocshepard,"Bottom Line Up Front: a well-made game that could pass for complete even now in early alpha. A must buy for RTS / History fans.I played Game-Labs’ first game, Ultimate Battle: Gettysburg and enjoyed it thoroughly. This Release puts a great new spin on their initial concept with several new and interesting features. The game has far more to offer than Ultimate Battle: Gettysburg with an entirely new campaign system. The interface, controls, and graphics have all been improved. New features like weapon types, perks, commander death, and capture are all awesome and make the game more challenging and entertaining.  If you want to be challenged, engrossed, and thoroughly enjoy your time spent, think about picking up this game and support the devs to add new features and continue to improve this fantastic title."
76561198091287991,Recommended,502520,26681360,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Sayonara,I am not an american but i have read its history a lot and this game is really of the charts . A must buy for people who really like games like Total war .
76561198071089373,Recommended,502520,26682023,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Laecrosius,"Even for early access, this game is well worth the price. It is everything that I would have loved to have seen in this first game; UG:Gettysburg. Cudos to the team for improving on an already great game."
,Recommended,502520,26742229,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Belisarius,"I played the previous Ultimate General game and loved it.  This is a deeper game without being too detailed.   You can customize the weapons, divisions, leaders, etc.  Every battle is a little bit different PLUS you can replay the battle with a different army mix!  Totally re-playable.This is a massive game and you can play it for hours!!Loved:- Risk / Reward for Calvary - Expensive but deadly!  Keep away from infantry brigades or they will melt away- Spliting Skrimishers from infantry brigades!  Awesome!  More games should allow splitting units up.- Variety of battles!  Each one different!  Awesome.- Multiple Battle Objectives!- Thank you for no technology tree!!!  God those take up too much time in other games.- Buying and equiping your own units!  Awesome.- Officer ranks makes a huge difference in the units.- Pretty much everything about the units, weapons, leveling up, veterens vs rookies.  Awesome.Didn't Like:- Skrimisher brigades seem to suck.  I would rather have 1000 normal infantry than 500 skrimishers.  (This is for the brigades only.  Deattached skrimishers are awesome)- Career Path....apart from organization and recon this seems like a waste.- Some brigades move on thier own?  This must be a bug but sometimes a key unit just slides out of position for no reason.  I have to keep an eye on the entire battle line to make sure nothing moves.- Some advanced weapons have less than 100 units available to buy.  This is not enough to equip a useful brigade.  Seems like a waste.Wish List:- Better history / story / introduction between major battles.  Different if battles won or lost....or a draw?- Campaign objectives (Like battles) with each battle leading to the objective.- More often if you win a major battle it affects your army or the enemies.  Describe to the player the effects.   Gain a unit.  Take away a unit.  Gain supplies.  Lose Supplies. Gain weapons, Lose weapons.  I loved that winning shiloh as CSA I recieved the 3 star Forrest Calvary!So much more to say!  But for now back to the war."
76561198036649021,Recommended,502520,26740396,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Kinmuan,"Did you ever play the original Sierra Civil War Generals (CWG, CWG2)?  This is the spiritual succesor 20 years later.I love this game.  It reminds me so much of CWG2, if they had taken another step forward and made it real time.  The skirmishers act like sharpshooters, the cav/infantry act the same, but the artillery is a little less powerful, relationally speaking.There are some things the tutorial doesn't really help show (I didn't even know the Career points existed until after the 3rd or 4th scenario), and the help isn't as filled out as it should be, but this game is ridiculously solid.I'm having a tonnnnn of fun.  The scenarios are great, hte pause/speed works well, the multiple-stage-objectives are a nice touch.  It's a fantastic Civil War game, and a great tactical management game.  The individual unit/general customization isn't overly complicated.  One thing I *hate* with some games is you can get 'too' specific and you wind up spending 20 minutes to set up 1 of 30 unique units.  This has enough customization without over doing it.I have veteran infantry units with solid gear, specifically trait'd for speed in movement, and several rookie infantry units with basic high-melee guns.  They're my front line pickets, with my veteran units moving swiftly to fill gaps.I can set up my artillery to be long-range harassers, or short/mid range powerhouses.  I can use my cav as mobile infantry with moderate ranged power, or as charge-melee-masters, outflanking the enemy, and cutting the command units/supply trucks/artillery batteries to pieces!I love it.  Absolutely love it.  Can't wait for more to get added, but this game is already a fantastic buy.But seriously -- if you played the Sierra CWG games, you want this game!  Those are available on GOG btw!"
76561197983237917,Recommended,502520,26751769,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,teric,"it's really good, can't tell its an early access game at all"
76561198006303971,Recommended,502520,26755980,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,LaJeeper,"Excellent follow-up to Ultimate General: Gettysburg, incorporating the favorite features of UG:G, and adding fantastic new features like deploying skirmishers and choosing your brigade/battery/troop weapons. One feature from UG:G lacking in the new game is the ability to select various ammunition for your artillery. This game may automate that selection, I cannot tell.  Like UG:G, the game has great replay value. I definitely recommend this to outhers, have done so, and will continue to do so. If you're on the fence, go buy this game!"
76561198002782063,Recommended,502520,27862517,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Notmeinlife,Never appreciated direction and rotation more than ever in this game.
76561197962210036,Recommended,502520,27701304,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Seifer,"This game does an excellent job capturing the time and element of the civil war. The battles, weapons, and officers are spot on. The game is fun and challenging, even on the lowest difficulty. I also must add that their are very few bugs to none for an alpha release. I highly recommend this to any fan of the RTS genre, or anyone who wants a realistic play-trhough of the civil war."
76561198050354450,Recommended,502520,26869878,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ziddo,"Deceptively simple with an extreme depth to strategy. Incredibly fun, I can't wait for the full release!"
76561198013058748,Recommended,502520,26732518,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Jouwar,Definitely a few steps up from Gettysburg and looking good for an early access game.
76561198035329157,Recommended,502520,26702257,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Lomak,Early access... version 0.66...mhm it feels unbelieveable balanced and is a lot of fun to play even more if one looses because one can try different strategies.
76561198035101139,Recommended,502520,27778309,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Iceblizard,"Solid for an early access game. While there is some balance issues and some annoying bugs/decsions (why are my guys retreating INTO the enemy?!), I still recommend the game. The decision on how to build your units inbetween battles really adds to the game.Right now the game is not 30 bucks but once its full release with the content they promise I think it will be worth it."
76561198007445701,Recommended,502520,27744459,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,kingpin21344,"This game reminds me of Sid Meier's Gettysburg in its level of addictiveness. This game is so enjoyable it leaves me wanting even more. I wish there was more to the overall strategic aspect of the game at the macro level. As much as I love the battles based on historical fights, I wish the following fights were in response to the outcomes of the battles fought. How different would the war be if the Union handidly won the first battle of bull run. Enjoyable experience nonethless I hope they continue to work on the product."
76561198006614240,Recommended,502520,28587703,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Herr Landgraaff,The most addictive strategy game in the pas year. love the gameplay. Tthe best ACW game I've played up till this date.
,Recommended,502520,28346488,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Bell,"This game....words can't describe how it makes you feel. When you play a Total War game, you could really care less about sending your troops in and watching them get slaughtered. In this game, you grow with your units. You name them, want to equip them with the best weapons if money allows, and most of all have them incur less losses per battle. Having one of your best units fight a battle and incur nearly 80% casualties makes you rethink all your strategies and put realism back into strategy games. This series is amazing, although the price tag might put you off at first. Trust me, it is worth the money. It will completely immerse and leave you wanting more."
76561198019010178,Recommended,502520,28304100,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Makhinmon,love this game! Literally the only problem i found with it was constantly being outnumbered as the union. I understand as the confederates but not as the union?
76561198156623494,Recommended,502520,30184371,Posted: 25 February,all,saucier_nicolas,"Game with a great potential, but the ""scaling"" system needs a major rework.To make the game more challenging, when you get more experience, troops and better weapons, the AI also get them proportionally (scaling).  The problem is the system lacks transparency. The player should know how much troops he is allowed to have before scaling gets under way. Also scaling should be based on the troops your send in one specific battle, not in your entire army. That would be really interesting if scaling was included in the difficulty level setting so each player could customize it to his liking. The ideal would be three sliders for troops, weapons, experience.As for now, you are punished for building a better army as the so-called campaign progress. Which gets me to another problem, even if you win consistently battle after battle and kill tens of thousands of foes, the AI gets stronger, so it's not really a ""campaign"". You get no reward other than better troops and weapons, but as the AI also gets them anyway (because of scaling), that is not a real reward. I do understand that is intended to keep the game challenging, but that breaks immersion and some sense of fulfillment. So a balance must be found to make the game both immersive and challenging.Visible bonuses for brigade and division commanders would be nice. Now they can command more troops efficiently, but that is not clearly visible, only corps commander have bonusess you can choose. Special bonuses available only for historical commanders would also be great.Also, there are still balancing issues, notably for guns (cannons), skirmishers (including cavalry).A special dislike mention for the Rio Hill battle, battles that you cannot win without (unhistorical) gamey tactics are not challenging, they are highly annoying.The good news is the game is already quite good and we are still in early access. So we may hope most of these problem will be adressed and, at least partly, solved."
76561198050611073,Recommended,502520,26734165,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,amoffat2,"If you enjoyed Ultimate General: Getysburg, then you'll love the newest iteration. There are now dozens of battles, a campaign with great progression elements, and a myriad of other smart and subtle changes to the game.For those new to the game, the Ultimate General series places you in the role of a general on the civil war battlefield. Rather than controlling individual units, you control entire brigades and batteries at once, in much the same way that the commanders of the era did. Battles in these games are slow paced slogs that rely on managing various unit conditions (morale, condition, ammo) while taking maximum advantage of the terrain, with a nearly obsessive historical accuracy. The battles are most similar to those found in a total war game, but far better.Each day of the battles is now much better connected and the ability to build your army outside of combat is excellent. There's enough little details you can tweak to give it depth, but it never feels overwhelming. The graphics engine has been completely overhauled, switching to 3D. Thankfully, the beautiful art style from the first game is more or less in tact. There's now a much greater diversity of units, with several types of cannon, muskets, rifles and so on to equip brigades with. The combat also feels slightly quicker, with units being able to cover much more ground in a battle than before. Cavalry is also a lot more important and artillery a little less.I could go on and on about all the little improvements made to the game, like how your screen no longer gets cluttered with red and blue lines when executing a large maneurver, but the bottom line is that if you enjoyed the first game and simply wished there was more of it, your prayers have been answered. If you're new to the game, it's more approachable than ever, and a much more rewarding experience. There's certainly work to be done on the game, but given the track record of the developer and the degree of polish already in the present build, I would recommend."
76561197980093009,Recommended,502520,26683014,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Happy Greybush,"If you have any interest in stragtegy games or the civil war, you owe it to yourself to get this game. Very well made.Edit:So I've put in over 20 hours now and I can honestly say, without a doubt, this is the BEST alpha release I've ever played. Simply stealler gameplay if you're a civil war nut or strategy fan. If you enjoyed Empire or Naploeon total war, you should enjoy the gameplay of this.I feel like this game is, in my opinion, the spirtual successor to Sid Meier's Gettysburg. It's that good. This is probably going to be deemed the best American Civil War game of all time (up to this point of course). The major battles are really intense in the campaign.Very, very excited to play the full version. Outstanding quality."
76561198005479402,Recommended,502520,26760312,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Goodbye Babylon,"I would like to write a more detailed review in the near future so I can talk about what defines UGG:Civil War as a fantastic game, but I want to give it the time it deserves.In short, this game is absolutely worth your time. Once the early-access period completes this game will easily outstrip its predecessor and provide you with hours and hours of fun, challenging, and emotionally engaging strategy battles."
76561198011109800,Recommended,502520,26686129,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Tomi,"I have played UG: Gettysburg a lot of times. I was really excited when the Early Access came out. The game is a faithful successor to Gettysburg / new installment. Being a Civil War buff I find it really good. The management of your army is well implemented, the graphics are fabulous. I can't wait to see the final version. Until then let me go back to my Confederate corps. Best wishes."
76561197968102633,Recommended,502520,26686218,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Andreas notaVestberg,What can I say that's not already been said. This game is every Civil War nerd's wet dream! I can't wait for the finished product to be released.Keep up the good work devs!!
,Recommended,502520,26682239,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,DDS95555,This game is as fun as everyone says it is! Building your army and units is a great way to spend time and the battles are always a challange. This game is ABSOLUTLY with the $29.00 and im very excited to see where they will take it!
76561197991480145,Recommended,502520,26652002,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Boarsnouts,Amazing game. I'm really impressed by the beautiful maps.
,Recommended,502520,26652058,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,C-zom,"A successful followup to Gettysburg that hopes to establish a bigger footing in the genre, and in the scope of the war itself. It promises to achieve two things; a myriad of historical battles that play out in tiers much like Gettysburg, and a linear campaign where you move from battle to battle and try to tech up your corps/buy new and improved weapons and traits and spent political and financial capital to secure bigger and stronger armies. That may sound good on paper but due to the sheer chaos of battle and brutality of engagements, you'll often struggle to do better than 1:1 k/d ratios so that you will be capable of gaining as much as you just lost. This leads to engagements, especially on the Confederate side, where you're overwhelmed to a ridiculous degree. The battle for Newport, for example, has something like 8000 union soldiers with 250 cavalry and 18+ guns attack the town which, by the way, only lets you deploy 3 units. That can be, mathematically, up to and only 3000 soldiers of your own.I enjoy what the tactical battles offer. They're slow and meaty and have a resounding feel of power, but terrain and ballistics have a strategic layer added not unlike what total war does. Graphics are hard drawn but not as pretty or refined as Gettysburg, and most assets as of 11/17/16 are flat terrain meshes with no depth (Hedges, fences, some buildings) are all plastered on the floor. It looks weird.I would like to see a lengthier campaign mode with more features in the customization and deployment process. A better directive towards their battles, like deployment, time of day, and your choice of strategy especially on offensive battles. Medical triage and losses being mitigated so that not everything is a near-draw, and less punishing minor skirmishes in the very beginning in order to get your campaign gears rolling."
76561198009515021,Recommended,502520,26667978,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Bondy,This has to be the best Civil War Game i have ever played
,Recommended,502520,26666398,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Polaris,"Go for a campaign. Starts with a ""tutorial"" mission of take and later hold.Lose 25% of my army on the first mission figuring it's just that. Second mission comes around. With an armored train.Barely hold the line.Finally lose the town with just 0:10 left to go.Click end battle as soon as it pops up, not realizing that I lost.Get forced into retirement because of my failure on an easy task.Cry alone."
76561197976770032,Recommended,502520,26666961,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Asterix,This and UG: Gettysburgh are abolute gems.
,Recommended,502520,26665641,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Logar T. Logarian,"I had long resigned myself to the fact that there would not be anymore GOOD Civil War RTS games coming out. I recently bought Empire:TW JUST to install the ACW mod to get my fix, but to be honest it wasn't cutting it.  Within 5 minutes of first seeing this game on the Steam store and checking it out, I bought it.tl;dr version is this | THIS. GAME. RULES. There are LOTS of customizable options from your General down to the compositions of your armies that you then get to take into an awesomely entertaining RTS battle on huge maps. You really do get to shape the battles the way you would have fought them. I would definitely say that this game is worth $30. You will absolutely see where your money went once you start playing the game, and I'm blown away this is early release. Feels like a complete game already.Not TL;DR | Whether you are into the civil war or not, this game is incredibly enjoyable. And this is way more than an RTS. It's got tons of customization for your Army. You create the army that you play these battles with. You choose how many cannons are in your cannon brigades, you choose which weapon the 1000 man infrantry force will bring in, or if your skirmishers are crackshot snipers or have cheap guns and are just a meaty speedbump to slow down that enemy infantry advance.  Your general has different skills that affect the flow of the battle, you create his divisions and choose who leads each and every one. There are so many good things that make this game so fun that there would never be the same playthrough twice, never the same experience.The maps are huge, your units constantly arriving and needing directed into the heat of the battle. It's large scale and blows me away. I cannot understate just how FUN this game is. Watching the infantry division you created, lead by the leader you chose for it charging into battle, blasting huge clouds of gunsmoke at the enemy, watching that enemy unit melt away and flee is incredibly satisfying.Thank you for creating a GOOD Civil War game, and an excellent RTS to boot. This game rules and I have no doubt I'm gonna lose a lot more of my time playing it."
,Recommended,502520,26666008,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,FalconX05,"Finally, a great Civil War game!!"
76561198003448219,Recommended,502520,26649466,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Niftyeye,"Like Gettysburg but much more improved and polished with better sounds, graphics and features, I have only played a few battles but it feels so much more immersive and complete.Being able to name my own custom regiments, decide on whether they get replenished with grizzled veterans (which costs me more money but results in overall better performance) or green recruits is awesome, you can even pick from a large variety of weapons for them to use with different strengths and weaknesses. For example one Regiment has been armed with rifles making them excellent for long range supporting fire with a fast reload rate, whilst its sister regiment has been armed with heavy muskets devastating at close range before closing in for the charge.For early access this feels like a complete game and there are still many more features to come, stop reading this debating on whether to get it and get it."
76561198012355904,Recommended,502520,26648407,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,dany-heart,"Great Game!(Even) Better than ""Ultimate General: Gettysburg"".With a lot of new tools and features.I hope that more battles (throughout the historical war) will yet be built in the game."
76561198006747032,Recommended,502520,26664032,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,kingy138,"Great game, almost perfect sequel to UG: Gettysburg...."
76561198009421952,Recommended,502520,26688955,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,manstein,There are some bugs and the game needs some ghaphic improvements but after 2 plays I can say it's a great game! I like much the after battle phase.
76561198313941619,Recommended,502520,26702902,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,morettba,"A very refreshing game. I am not a tactical war-gamer. I mostly play grand strategy games, like CK2 and EU4. With that said, this game is, even in its early access state, incredibly enjoyable. I have been playing only the campaign so far. The campaign reminds me of a career mode in most sports games. You can customize an army and your own characteristics and then fight with that army in historical and pseudo-historical battles. The AI performs very well, although it tends to be a little overly aggressive, which can cause it to make foolish mistakes. Overall, I would defintely reccommend this game."
76561198009479513,Recommended,502520,26710062,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Oubley,"Plays very well for an early access game, didn't encounter any bugs and game seems very polished already. I started a campaign as the Union and the first battle the confederates ended up retreating and conducting a counter attack. I ended up starting over but the second time around there was no counter attack triggerd, so in essence you can play the same battle and have competely different results. I actually like how in the campaign you are told approximations of the units strength if you have the appropriate recon skill researched. It appears troop strengths are approximate strengths in the area, and your generals skills appear to trigger how much of the force you are able to bring to bare; and you don' t  necassarily get all your troops at once so you have to plan and consider if your strength at present is  strong enough to take or hold objectives, similar to a real battlefield tactician. This is one of the best Civil War games I've ever played, it was tons of fun"
76561197995055752,Recommended,502520,26714697,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,RAFEL,Another great game from Game-Labs!Again I have urgent need of digging into Civil War stories!
76561198020884663,Recommended,502520,26711179,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Peace Love Bunny,"I've played a lot of tactical wargames in my day, and this one is one of the better ones. There is very little tedious 'record keeping', however, that can be a negative in some ways. For example, in Total War: Empire, a player may take different formations with different effects -- an infantry unit can form a square formation that obliterates cavalry, for example. Not so here. The units recover from routs or being chased off on their own (although, as usual, a general nearby helps quicken the recovery.)On the other hand, it's kind of nice to be freed from all those decisions. The units have enough intelligence to do what they need to do and all you do is direct them on a broad basis. ""Go here."" ""Attack them""....and so on. It also might have been nice to have a little more in terms of economy -- I have so many towns, each produces this and that, and etcetera.But that's all the record keeping that can be tedious. I suppose if they had included that, and allowed you to skip over it if you wished, that would have made it the ideal game.But the lack of record keeping is refreshing, on some levels, too. It's nice to have a game that doesn't become 'work' to play. When I want a bit more mindless of a game, this one is it. Don't get me wrong, it's still very challenging -- just, less work.The graphics are poor though. 1500 men look like 200. The graphics are 2000-era.Still, on the whole, this game is excellent.... certainly worth the $30 I paid. II rate this a B+."
76561197982609056,Recommended,502520,26738977,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Rossi,"This games is awesome. It is a much improved version of Ultimate General: Gettysburg.Right now, it has a polished gameplay. But it always crashes and reboots my machine on the aftermath of a battle. Please guy, fix it.Another thing, this game is very cheap for what it offers. You guy deserve to profit better and have conditions to deliver the ultimate Civil War game."
76561198007324792,Recommended,502520,29432337,Posted: 22 January,all,Counter Ops,"My favourite ACW game used to be Civil War Generals 2 by Sierra many years ago. You could lose a battle or 2 but still play on in the campaign ( with reduced men and supplies ) which i found very realistic, afterall, whoever won every battle in a war? My favourite ACW game now is this game. Why? Mainly because of the way the campaign plays. You win some battles, draw some battles and yes, lose some battles, but guess what, the war continues just like real life. I personaly hate games where you HAVE TO WIN every battle/mission to proceed to the next one. Hats off to Game-Labs for implementing this aspect to the campaign. Theyve obviously read about dunkirk, operation market garden and many other real examples of major defeats in battle, but who managed to turn things around and win a war.I love the movement of units, their strenght and weaknesses, the way you can upgrade the brigades/divisions/corps and get promotions for your officers. When you lose a great unit/Officer, there is a real sense of loss. The battle maps are fantasticaly realised and look great and have a great number of ways to exploit them with hidden movement behind hills or in small woods/forests or through a farms wheat fields. Even the smoke from the musket fire looks good and can obscure movement in big battles. I have only played 30ish hours but so far have thoroughly enjoyed the experience and can only hope the the rest of the game will be finished.This is how to do an early access game. If you like the setting then I recommend you give this a go. If you liked Civil War Generals 2 like I did then i dont think you will be disapointed.5/5"
,Not Recommended,502520,28520816,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,hb,"I changed my review. This is a repost of another persons review they expressed how I feel.""I want to recommend this game because I have enjoyed the time I put into it but I can't, at least right now.1) The scripting of the battles and the larger campaign leaves a lot to be desired. For instance, at Shiloh as the Union, I held the CSA at the first battle line. The game then said ""fall back to this line"" and I said ""rather not, doing fine here."" It keep telling me to fall back. I killed all but ~800 of the CSA army. Day 2 starts and I have an army of 25,000 facing their 800 - but I've bet set back to the edge of the map at Pittsburg Landing. Why? Also why did the AI engage on the second day?2) The larger campaign has these same problems. I was playing the the series of battles in the Peninsula Campaign as the Union and won each one by huge margins. And the next battle would load - a holding action to cover our retreat. Why are we retreating? I've inflicted massive losses on the AI but am retreating because that is what historically happened?This leads to a cognitive dissonance. I have control over the units on the battle but what the units do doesn't matter because the next events are all pre-scripted and rigid.If we allow the player to deviate from history in the battles (e.g., by winning or inflicting massive losses in an ahistorical way), it doesn't make sense to have the next battles be bounded by history. A battle, like Gettysburg, happened because of what happened at Chancellorsville. Having Gettysburg occur in a reasonably historically accurate way after a union win at Chancellorsville just doesn't make sense.Without a branching or dynamic campaign, it feels pointless to win/lose/draw the battles.3) The scaling. I understand the importance of the scaling to keep the game challenging but it needs some sanity bounds. If I inflict near-complete losses on the AIs army, they need to start the next battle with similarly low solider counts. The soliders could be better under the hood (harder to kill, better shots under the reasoning that some of those who survived did so for a reason) but to inflict 80% losses and then see the army with near 100% or more than 100% recovery at the next battle just doesn't work.4) Broken mechanics, specifically the AI's ability to run everywhere and do endless melee. Also the endless melee. It seems to have gotten worse. I recently watched a battle as the AI charged my lines. The targeted unit had a 2 to 1 or more advantage over the AI in troops, was totally rested and had 100% morale. There was no attempt to soften the target with rifle or cannon fire - just a charge. The AI unit was routed and it retreated about 300 yards, regrouped and then came back and repeated the charging process.Elsewhere on the battlefield, an AI unit charged an approximately evenly matched unit, again totally rested and ready to fight. The AI did this charge up a river bluff and without any other prior engagement. They just saw my unit on the top of the hill and went for it. They had 2 batteries of arty that could have been deployed and another unit or two that they could used to provide some fire or attempted a flanking move. Nope. They just went for a headlong frontal assault. Which failed, lead to a rapid regroup, repeat and eventual sucess.Basically, once the AI sees a unit, it charges. There seems to be no regard for the unit's relative strengths or the tactical situation.This is a larger problem because the AI can charge over near-infinite distances and doesn't suffer issues with dropping condition in melee/movement/battle (at least as far as I can see). Melee itself is broken (sticky melee is the bane of my playtime). The AI also doesn't have the persistance that your army does - high losses are okay because they are reset as soon as the battle is over. So there is no reason for the AI to not meat-grinder its units into your lines.This just results in tactically uninteresting battles. ""Oh, there is the Rebel corps I was looking for - they are running across 2 miles of open ground in a charge for my center. Despite being outnumbered 3 to 1 and me having a strong position.""5) ""Magic hill syndrome."" The game has this by the truck load. The reason the hills became important on a field was because of the actions taken by the armies on the field. Suppose for some reason that Meade had set his line far to the east of Gettysburg and Lee had choosen to attack him there. Would Little Round Top have mattered? No. The hills and strong points became important in the tactical context of the battle - otherwise they are just as unimportant as the hill down the road from your house.But that isn't how the game treats the hills. You absolutely must hold certain points on the battlefield because they were tactically important in the historical battle - regardless of their importance in your current battle. Kill and rout the AI but fail to capture the magic hill in time? Draw or defeat are your only options.The AI is aware of these magic hills. I was playing Antietam and pushed the CSA back to the limits of the town of Sharpsburg. Both of our armies were very beat up. The only points on the battle that mattered tactically were where we were fighting to the NE of Sharpsburg. I'm getting ready to do a slight flanking move with my cav and notice the AI is marching a unit towards the VP at Dunker Church. That point has no value - the AI is about to have several units encircled to the NE of town and the first few blocks of Sharpsburg. But the AI is like ""hey, Dunker Church is undefended and historically important, so we should capture that. The actual tactical situtation on the ground is irrelevant.""Eventually, every playthrough, I lose interest. Why spend this hour fighting this battle if the result doesn't matter when it comes to the battle I fight next? Or the army I face next? Or how well I fight doesn't matter as much as if I can send a unit on an end-run march to capture and hold some historically important (but not important in the context) point on the map?Hopefully some patch comes out that fixes the melee, fixes the endless charging and maybe someday a branching campaign mode. Because it certainly does not ""fully depend on player actions and battle results"" right now. It is almost fully independent of player actions and results. If that happens, I'll be excited to revise this review and put as many hours as I can spare into the battles."""
76561198350854886,Recommended,502520,28686375,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,jpenn1186,"When I was much younger, I played the legendary Sid Meier's Gettysburg a lot. Well, if you played that game way back when, you will absolutely love this game! I do! Between the beautiful maps and the attention to detail in each aspect of battle, its addicting to say the least. The battles are massive, overall to keep it short, its worth the money! Looking forward to the full game being released soon"
76561198098299089,Recommended,502520,28659823,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mskervin,Upgrade in every way from the original.
76561198042398182,Recommended,502520,29095221,Posted: 7 January,all,foozball_playa11,For an early access game it is a hit. Graphics are better than gettysburg. You get to build your divisoins with alot of weapons choices. brigades level up and you get to choose new perks for your generals. All in all a lot of fun for hours. I cant wait till the full game comes out.
76561198042233611,Recommended,502520,29087973,Posted: 7 January,all,calcified,this game is awesome. ever played a total war game and ypu frlt it doesnt feel realistic or it is whatt u would read in books. this game here is the solves that particular itch. grand stategy without being too obtuse like a paradox game or too arcadey like a total war game. this will make u feel kile a general
76561198012471161,Recommended,502520,28672454,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Roudapple,"Great game, highly recommend"
76561198017276208,Recommended,502520,28855557,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ring77medic,"First off, I have been waiting for a game like this, and I have thus far been both pleased and a little disappointed in the game.It is massive, and that causes its own problems, but I think they are doing a fine job of providing this product.  It has its problem because it is so massive, but some of these things need to be addressed.First off, there is no way that I should be able to hit the enemy, cause thousands of of them, and they come back with even mmore troops in the next fight.  If I can only deploy 1500 troops, how can the enemy deploy brigades of over 2000?  And they seem to have unlimited abilities to do so.Second, if I have three brigades charge a single enemy brigade, how the heck do my troops break and run?  I mean the AI  has like the best moral I have ever seen.  My troops will break and run if they lose 200 of their members fom skirmishers, but I can hit them point blank with artillery and they will fire volley after volley.Third, in real world, the cavalry was the armour units of their day, and yet the only cavalry units worth a dang belong to the enemy.  I can hit a Routed enemy brigade with a fresh cavalry unit, and my unit is almost wiped out.  In the real war, those cavalry units could and would destroy a running infantry unit to a man.Fourth, the time limits on the battles needs to either be lengthened or removed altogether.  You'd be better off providing a clock of what time of day it is.  Then as a commander, you would need to plan your attack based upon what time of day it is, and how much daylight you have left to use.  Otherwise, you are rushed into an attack on an enemy you outnumber, but they have unbreakable moral.Finally, you need to provide better explanations for what things are in the game, and what features mean that you can select and add.  With no tutorial, it leaves you guessing on what you need to do, and a little better explanation of what means what would help.  When choosing your opening settings, you don't know why you need Army Organization +1 or Logistics +3.  You don't understand why you need Traiing +1 over Medicine +1.Otherwise, this game is going to be epic, and will raise the level of all other games of this style."
76561198006864050,Recommended,502520,28818173,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[95thNY.CoA]SgtMaj-MacK Dizzle,"As an avid Civil War fan, i absoulutely love this game. It somewhat feels like a modern day version of R.E. Lee Civil War Generals. You have some RPG elements on your character as you build your forces throughout the campaign. You decide what weapans your troops are equiped with, bolster some numbers with veterans or recruits, and more.Pros:+RPG elements+Great RTS game+Customize your forces+Challenging+tons of potentialCons-unfinished-difficulty - i like it, some might find it too much-minor bugs and glitches - but hey its early access stillIn the end, if your an avid ACW fan, or a big fan of RTS games, its worth the $$ now."
,Recommended,502520,28771248,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ceaser | R6,"When I heared about this game i fell in love with the idea. I love the overall feel for the game but one of the biggest downfalss of the game is that it isnt very clear in the opening tutorial on what and how to play the game, I really hope that Game Labs fixes this as then it will be amazing"
76561198215134693,Recommended,502520,28765449,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,HellWulf,"If you liked gettysburg well this is the same just 10 times better. Much better grafic to see landscape around you and battlefield. Nice campaing and the most important thing, its hard! THe game doesnt allow you to take things too easy, I did that once to a enemy when I thought I got them all and I lost a full artillery division to an enemy who saw a chance to wipe it out. Enemy is smart and will exploit every mistake you make. Would like missions to last less, since it takes a lot of time to finish it,but thats just me.Will update at game realease, but for now its amazing improvment of gettysburg game."
76561198011886025,Recommended,502520,26718460,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Human72,this game is good I like it the batteries should be larger since you can feild up to 24 guns in it and have 600 men in it thoguh why the confederacy always outnumbers your bergaids heavally even though they lack the numbers of reserves to do it is beyond me. other wise I like it. :Danother thing I noticed is that the rebs always out vet you when playing as the union. :/ why do they always pay the cash to get the vet troops. :/ I recomend this game greatlly. :Dalso with it being updated alot and with a active community it will be one trully epic game. now if this allows multiplayer and custom skermishes then it will be epic cause who does not want to see true numbers of the union on the feild. :D and to have a maxed out force for some trully epic clashes with the AI or players to on the best day possible.
,Recommended,502520,31940659,Posted: 24 May,all,zilkila,"This is game is in Early Access, so I don't know why so many people are complaining about it... It was a much better game than I could have hoped for considering. Even though the challenge is greatly increased in this game, I think that just makes the game more fun for experienced players. So, overall I rate the Early Access of this game a 9/10."
,Not Recommended,502520,28348586,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Ottoman Aatami,"As much as I want to like this game, I have to say it's not worth the money, I would never pay for a game like this not even a penny. It's too flawed and the game itself is punishing you for it's bad scripting. IE. If you put your units to charge they might just stand still and keep on shooting (Happens quite often in bigger battles, doesn't seem to affect the AI though) So either remove that feature completely which would be a a bad thing, but it's not working anyways so it's just doing my head in. I wish I could go for a refund. I'll never buy a game from the same creator though his ideas are good, but he is just not capable of making the game playable. Please do not waste your money on this game, you'll only force yourself to play it because you paid for it."
76561197988542422,Recommended,502520,27600786,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pk soldier,"I have defeated the North and taken DC causing, in total, around 1 million in casualties in the war. The campaign part of the game is virtually complete.  However they may add more to the game itself or tweak the campaign. This game is well worth the price tag for the amount of time you will spend trying to win just one campaign.   The developers have done an amazing job improving on their previous game Ultimate General: Gettysburg and it shows through the challenging campaign, competent ai, and the tweaking you can do to make either side represent your play style.  You can build a cavalry corps, an artillery reserve divison, or just build up an entire army of infantry.  You can capture or purchase better weapons so that your army can have better accuracy or even rapid fire with breechloaders.  You can win Gettysburg in a flash only to watch your troops get ripped to pieces at Chickamauga.  All of it is possible in this game.For those who loved the Ultimate General Gettysburg they vastely improved on the system.   They fixed the three main problems I had with the Gettysburg game (complicated artillery placement, no way to capture enemy troops, odd bonus stats for either side) while adding in bonuses for winning minor battles, improving your general's stats, and balancing victory against price (You can win a battle but if you lose more men then you gain it ultimately works against you).  If you are looking for a great combination of the old Sid Meier's civil war style combat and American Civil War Generals' campaign and unit building then this is the game for you.Pros:Easy to learn controlsNoticable changes in battle effectiveness due to weapons equipped and bonuses selectedInteresting campaign that allows players to build their own armies and leadersDeveloping AI that, even in easy mode, can overtake you if you are not paying attention.Can capture units and artillery is not as finicky about placementAccurate""ish"" major battles of the west and east  that offer different challenges for the player.Great replayability.Cons: mainly just minor issues so far that may be dealt with as the game is completedtrying to select large groups can get difficult to do.Nothing else!What they could add:A New Game + mode would be great.  This would allow you to start the campaign again with the army that you had after Richmond or DC 1865.  This could be nerfed with a limit on divisions allowed to fight in each battle.  Allows for greater replayability and would allow players to build up their armies instead of having to rebuild if they want to play the campaign again.Possible Multiplayer system in which you can control armies or split the armies with teammates (1v1,2v2,3v3,). Each side has a certain amount of money and manpower to build a force and fight in one of the maps of the campaign.Gettysburg day 2 for a Confederate successful day 1.  Gettysburg is pretty easy to win as the South as you only have to play day 1 if you decide not to be Ewell and take the heights.  It would be a nice add-on to have a second day where the Union troops try to push you off the heights.Possible European intervention and blockade run:  As the confederates to put points towards blockade runners for more weapons and money. If the campaign goes well maybe even increase available manpower or offer some British or French units that can be put into the army.Possible Naval expansion or DLC:  Add a naval campaign where both sides fight over the rivers and ports of the Confederacy.  Or allow greater use of ships in the main campaign for certain battles.Finally I would love to see Ultimate General do a Napoleon or 1800s European game.  This has nothing to do with the current game but I believe their system is amazing would mesh well with those two time periods.  This may not even be on the horizon for them but I hope they do consider it.The creators are doing an awesome job!"
,Recommended,502520,32153857,Posted: 3 June,all,Hodor,One of the few games out there that can still provide a satisfying challenge. If you like tactical and strategy games this is for you.
76561197990808209,Recommended,502520,32512552,Posted: 17 June,all,Petar Wombosauce,"It's like Empire: Total War with no grand strategy map but tons of options customizing units and battlefield tactics. One niggling aspect: all units of same type (infantry, cav, etc.) look the same regardless of abilities or weapons"
76561198006890837,Recommended,502520,31593028,Posted: 6 May,all,skywalker,"My review used to be negative due to the previous impossible difficulty. But, one of the recent updates to the game has resolved that, and so I have since changed my review. The game is now challenging, possible, and exceptionally fun. Definitely one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,502520,33093739,Posted: 1 July,all,Murray Hogarth,This game is really good
76561197960558358,Recommended,502520,33281324,Posted: 5 July,all,Oberst Josef von Hartmann,"I have found myself sucked in by this game.  I'm not a huge American Civil War fan, but I really enjoy this game.Thank you DarthMod!"
76561198030636722,Recommended,502520,33324466,Posted: 6 July,all,Totonno,"Just bought it and played only the battle of Gettysburg 3 times: 2 at easy and 1 at mid level. 1st time a disaster (well I was still learning the basics ...), the other 2 times was able to change history :-) Both the battles were very challenging. The game basics are pretty easy and well done (in other word there are not 10000 crazy command, but only what you need), so you can quickly enjoy the game. Sure it will be difficult to master. Despite I didn't try the campaign my 1st impression is pretty clear:  If you like tactical game and have interest in the American Civil War, well this is a TOP buy. I bought on summer sale, but even at full price it's ok."
76561198006636410,Recommended,502520,33358943,Posted: 7 July,all,(R.I.C)Yuir,Extraordinary.
76561198022675945,Recommended,502520,33358501,Posted: 7 July,all,Superfly,Spot on.
,Recommended,502520,33336822,Posted: 7 July,all,Nwood,Charged a skirmisher unit of only 340 men with 2100 troops of my 3 star maxed out infantry brigade armed with 1861's and got routed having only killed 40 of the skirmishers. 10/10 would charge again
76561198039851375,Recommended,502520,33249337,Posted: 4 July,all,Paddolphin,It is a great game as of it's current build and is shaping up to be a great follow on to gettysburg.
76561198032038403,Recommended,502520,33240141,Posted: 4 July,all,bubbachumphrey23,This game is just fantastic and the developers are solid. They are totally committed to improving the game mechanics and depth of play. Buy this game and be amazed!!!
76561197970843102,Recommended,502520,28303557,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Roez,"I had a long, negative review since early pre-launch, largely because of some serious balance problems.  The developers have resolved these issues.  Just as importantly, they have introduced enough details to help determine how you want to utilize your resources battle to battle.  The changes are impressive and this game is no longer unnecessarily frustrating.Beyond those issues, I've always loved the game design itself.  The graphics and scenarios are comprehensive and amazing.  Strategy is involved; not cookie cutter.  The leeway given to design ones army--making tradeoffs for size, skill, weaponry and composition--on top of choices about where you chose to engage, how you position your troops, and when to fight make each battle creative and engaging.  Moreover, the battlefield designs are detailed, vast and enhance strategy options.I can't recomend this game enough now that it's more polished."
76561198024190798,Recommended,502520,33297187,Posted: 5 July,all,Claytonimor,"Like The World Wars, the Civil War has lacked a proper tactical-level strategy of any worth (barring total War mods). This game changes that. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've never before felt more like a mid-level general so much. Neither have I ever been more personally proud of individual units in my armies before. Other games offer some customization for the various battalions you field- this game actually makes you want to use it- if only to reward the ~400 suvivors of your infantry division of 200 for holding the god damn line and saving the nation.Buy it. Whatever the price is right now, if you want to feel like the little cog that could- with all the struggle that entails- then hop to it."
,Recommended,502520,33300187,Posted: 5 July,all,sammysticks,"Skip the earlier version of this game, UG Gettysburg. All of that content is in this game, and the gameplay is much better. I am a huge fan of the Total War series, but in those games I often dislike how much I have to mess with the economics and larger map. In Ultimate Generals it feels like all I do is fight, and it's GLORIOUS."
,Recommended,502520,33390143,Posted: 8 July,all,Mason,"WOW!First couple of hours are tough, but what follows is truly fantastic. This is a great strategy game which has simple looks but advanced, fun and awesome features and mechanics. This beats any Total War-game I've ever played. If you like those games, you will love this one. Get it! Worth every cent!"
76561198400788172,Recommended,502520,33388661,Posted: 8 July,all,spanky6804,"I love Civil War strategy games.  This isn't as gritty as titles like Forge of Freedom, but it is a very fun game and has something for casual gamers who want beautiful graphics and serious strategy fans.  I would warn you that in it's current iteration, the game isn't as strategic as hardcore grognards would like.  It is relatively easy to beat the CPU on the easiest mode, but other levels offer a bigger challenge.The strategic game doesn't have a strat map like Forge of Freedom.  The campaign is scripted and linear.  How you perform in the minor battles (and you can skip them if you want) will determine how your army (and the opponent) is set up for the major battles.  You have to make some tough choices in deciding whether to field a large, poorly-equipped army or a smaller and well-armed army of veterans.  Even on the easiest level, you won't be able to buff your army into max size and best weapons for each unit.  The campaign is too hard for that, even in easy mode.I encountered only one minor bug in my 50+ hours of game play, and that was on a startup screen, so I never lost any game time.My only issue with gameplay is that the game engine will let you (and the computer will do it instictively) keep feeding chewed up units into combat until they wither away permanently when they have lost 70% or more troops.  While this happened to a few units in the actual Civil War, most units that lost even 30% of their men as casualties in any given day were cosidered too torn up to put back into line. If this game were perfect, it would account for that and battles would end more quickly when one side had virtually no units left to use.  That army would withdraw quickly in real life, trying not to be captured.  In UG:CW, the computer will throw units that have lost 60% of their men back into the maelstrom until they all evaporate or surrender.But overall, this is a relatively easy to learn game that is a tremendous value at this price.  You can play it so many ways, including just stand-alone battles with completely historical units.If you play the campaign, my advice is that it's better to have a 1,500 man brigade with good weapons (the $25 or $30 rifles) than a 2,500 man unit with the $5 rifles.  I buy enough vets to keep my best units at about 75% quality (moral, firearms, efficiency) and use big rookie units to mop up and gain experience.  Once I get a brigade maxed out with it's quality, I buy rookie replacements until it drops back into the 75% quality range.  I can get a big brigade of 2,000+ troops at about 75%-80% quality and armed with CS Richmonds or some top-quality rifles.Three last tips: 1) be very careful not to charge cavarly into a prepared unit of infantry.  Cavalry is VERY expensive and hard to keep at vetaran status if you waste it. I typically avoid combat with my cavalry as much as possible, and use it to ride down supply wagons and unsupported artillery.  That is what is best at.2) I never spend money or unit slots on skirmishers.  It is far cheaper to just have an infantry brigade with good rifles (Lorenz, Enfield, Richmonds, etc) split off a unit of skirmishers.  I use them as scouts when pushing my army forward to make sure that there aren't any enemies waiting to pounce on my flanks.  Then I use the skirmisher units to work around enemy flanks to gert the flanking bonus.3) like in the real life Civil War, there is no danger to your troops as deadly as flanking fire. If you send a unit forward on its own with no flankers, it will get chewed up, and even a veteran unit like the ones I described above will panic and rout quickly if it flanked or surrounded.  ALWAYS protect your flanks with other units and skrimishers."
76561198035632913,Recommended,502520,33390071,Posted: 8 July,all,pohlkat210,The best civil war game I have ever played.
76561198049783137,Recommended,502520,32623139,Posted: 21 June,all,stlin,"Really neat.  Yes it is tough to win, but if your playing the union, historically they lost many battles at first.  I may try doing that on purpose next time to see how hard it would be to ultimately win, just like what really happened.  Haven't tried the Confederates yet.  It'll be interesting to see if early battles are easy and later ones hard, even if you've won all the early ones.Couple of hints.  Don't buy too many expensive weapons you might lose to the enemy.  You really have to protect them.  So have some not so good weapons you aren't afraid take risks with.  In close combat, high malee might be best anyway, and they aren't that expensive.  Also hold back from charging with low energy troops.  The hold button is needed to keep rouge officers from charging on their own (very realistic proplem).  The ""split skirrmashes off brigade"" button for a large group is handy to offer two areas or directions to fight from.Tho a good game, there badly needs to be these improvements.  First an option to man the walls when you move troops into a fort.  I could not get single units to set themselves up to fire in more than one direction.  Second, you need to be able to close doors to forts that cannons would have to blast open.  It is way too easy for calvery or whatever to just waltz right into a fort.  Third, exhausted or retreating troops should never head towards the enemy!All in all tho a great game that keeps you informed and keeps you in fairly good control of what is going on.  I love being able to assign weapons, leaders, and add types of units.  It is also neat to get breifings prior and during battles, yet the fog of war keeps the enemy cloaked until they get near.I've now played the Confederate. Other than Ft. Sumpter, it is fairly easy to win on the Colonel level. A badly needed improvement is when you want to fall back with a unit. Now they turn their backs to the enemy! They should just back step, continuing to face the enemy, like to nearby better cover. If a unit is in trouble, you're only choice now to keep control is to select ""hold"", and hope you can get reinforcements there in time. Still loving tnis game."
76561198006407752,Recommended,502520,33445645,Posted: 10 July,all,jaw20waj,"Fun game, love the army managment and campaign, battles are hard enough to keep it new and interesting, great job."
,Recommended,502520,33438681,Posted: 10 July,all,Tank (FireSoul),be cool to put in the game. The first is a multiplayer mode (nuff said just read the other comments) and adding bugel calls along with music groups to signal commands and confuse your army if you lose it. I thank for your responses to our comments as a community and i am excited for the full release!
,Recommended,502520,33451227,Posted: 11 July,all,Envy,Love the game just hoping they add Co-Op and/or Multiplayer
76561198009125461,Recommended,502520,30166926,Posted: 25 February,all,nigel.tomlinson,This is my first ever review on Steam but I feel compelled to write a review of this game. I bought it in late 2016 and have replayed it several times on campaign mode. I have to admit that it is difficult if you are playing the South and prefer the North as it is easier to make progress and survive into the later battles. It is realistic and enjoyable.I only have a couple of minor issues that I find annoying:supply wagons seem to get captured easily and they sometimes go into places that don't really make sensewhen moving large groups of troops in different brigades etc forward they soemtimes fan out and end up separated or crossing over each otherHowever these are very minor issues and I would wholeheartedly recommend this game.It is a significant step forward from the stand alone Gettysburg game which was hugely enjoyable on its own. I am waiting for the rest of the battles to be added after Gettysburg and can't wait for the franchise to move to the Napoleonic or other periods.  The other significant things to note are that the game seems to be 100% bug free and loads easily and quickly.
76561198007273167,Recommended,502520,30174227,Posted: 25 February,all,sammyg12428,Two words...awesome game!
76561198006577366,Recommended,502520,28310892,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,lordybarbo,"I concur with a lot of the negative comments.Some of the units, especially in a big battle, have to be given orders over and over.Also, I played Shiloh twice, the final battle for Pittsburg Landing, had it won, and both times it locked the whole PC up.They need to fix these issues before I will play it again.Waste of money.01/06/2017I stand corrected.I told them about the problem, and they fixed it!Great support and awesome job!Thanks!"
76561197998934731,Recommended,502520,26727272,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Sirtom 66,"After writing a rather scathing review, i'm rewriting it because i gave the game a second chance. I initially got so frustrated at the Battle of Shiloh that i thought it was utterly unwinable; but after watching a few you tube videos and trying it a few more times i was finally able to win. So now i think it is a pretty awesome game. You just have to utilize all of it's many tools and manage all of your possessions when setting up before a battle as well as, of course, learning how to fight more strategically and, in many cases, more defensively."
76561198088632710,Recommended,502520,29236750,Posted: 13 January,all,DanteChristmas,"DarthMod was a great modder,  but Nick Thomadis is a great developer.    This is already one of my favorite strategy games and is proving to be a the perfect successor to UG: Gettysburg.The Good:The gameplay is what makes this game.  Controls can be grasped in a few minutes and are incredibly fluid.   None of the sillyness that comes with Total War games.  No fidgiting about making lines the prefect size or perfecting formations while your right flank is bulldozed by the AI.  I want to direct my brigades as fast as possible and move my army effectively.  I mean this is Ultimate General, not Scrub Colonel Simulator.  Battles play out unpredicably and mercilessly.  This is a real strategy game and requires real thought to play well.  Charge at the wrong time and watch as your 3000 man brigade is completely shredded in a few seconds.   Cannons can devastate entire divisions or amount to little more than glorified spitballs depending on how you deploy them.  Maps are huge, pleasing to look at, and offer plenty of options to feint and flank.  Learn to use skirmishers and calvarly effectively or prepare to make a large investment in battlefield medicine.The Bad:It's not done yet, but I don't know if I would fully consider it bad though.   Early access when used correctly has been a very useful tool to creating a great finished product.  There is also the fact that this is an isometric view which some people might have problems with.  Personally I love looking at the hand drawn maps and a mild 3d effect has been applied to the terrain to help identify elevation changes.  This is a huge improvement over the first UG game and is so effective that more than once I've caught myself pressing the 'Q' or 'E' key and expecting the view to rotate.Conclusion  (for now):A Total War style strategy game for people who don't suck at strategy games."
76561198060352155,Recommended,502520,29217562,Posted: 12 January,all,joeylewis9169,I think this game is great! It would be fun if the General (the user) got to pick here his Armies marched after each victory or lose. Over all the game is lots of fun!
76561198060347042,Recommended,502520,29227388,Posted: 13 January,all,rogerhammond1973,Would recommmend this game to anyone. Best game having to do with the Civil War. Would recommend it to any Civil War Buffs out there.
76561198012822015,Recommended,502520,29230152,Posted: 13 January,all,GM,"I've been meaning to write a review for this game and it is a strong thumbs up. I enjoy it so much, that i'm trying to not play it now so that i can experience the finished product instead of seeing it one piece at a time. The game really has you on the edge of your seat trying to hold back the enemy in a way that i would think reflects the civil war.  One thing i'd like to see is field p[romotions (If they haven't added this already)"
76561198031072009,Recommended,502520,29261070,Posted: 14 January,all,Olaf,Great little game! One of my favorite strategy games of all time.
76561198005697398,Recommended,502520,29179181,Posted: 11 January,all,EmilioV,"Civil war meets blitzkrieg, lots of fun."
,Recommended,502520,29096308,Posted: 7 January,all,Steven,Takes everything that was awesome about the first game and makes it bigger/better.  I really enjoy the battles which can be quite challenging. What really seals the deal for me though is the persistent campaign complete with requisitioning and reinforcements. If you don't grow and take care of your Army correctly you can set yourself up for some very difficult battles.This game is definitely a spiritual successor to Civil War Generals 2! Something I have been looking for a long time.
76561198357430916,Recommended,502520,29209253,Posted: 12 January,all,adamwv25,Great game over all.
76561198011425884,Recommended,502520,29203659,Posted: 12 January,all,Apollo,"I have played many PC strategy games since the 80's - this is hands down my favorite of all time, dethroning the close combat series (realative to its time)."
76561198182088677,Recommended,502520,29308872,Posted: 16 January,all,mpsouth21,"For an early access game, this totally blew me away. I have had no problems running the game and am very impressed by the content so far. The game is very addicting and can not wait for finally release."
76561198057488412,Recommended,502520,29309608,Posted: 16 January,all,kingoli2,Will be one of the best game 2017
,Recommended,502520,29308444,Posted: 16 January,all,Berg,Best and most interactive civil war game ive ever played.
76561198007090828,Recommended,502520,29302103,Posted: 16 January,all,Praxatiles,"HIGHLY RECOMEND.Excellent game.Purchased when first came out as early access game(still is)..have NOT been sorry.The updates(new battles,fixes) are just great,these people are working for THE PLAYER...GAME- this game is so heavy on REPLAYABILITY you can play it over and over..as you learn how to play and understand the different aspects of the game  you can restart and the game battles maps stay the same but your growth (in learning how to buy weapons,troops,upgrading your skills etc.changes gameplay) but the AI and the tactics will develop and change with you.I have 225 hrs on time in game.Restarted many times using different skills etc.Game changes.If you like the ACW this game is for you.you must like tactical games and requires micro management of you units in all assaults,shooting etc.AI handles all aspects of game play as far as like doing all the firing and such without your help or control if you want to sit back and shoot.example:you have a unit of snipers 125 strong and you can control that unit,sneak around and kill the enemy general.these is so much to this game can't put it here..highly enjoyable game,highly recommend"
,Recommended,502520,29287484,Posted: 15 January,all,Tygur,"Very good and very unforgiving game. You play the part of a newly appointed Corps commander and have to work your way up the ladder; using skill points to increase your Division and Brigade sizes and troop sizes within said Division and Brigades. You can pay for veterans or recruits to expand your armies but they must be equiped with weapons (and they don't just appear out of nowhere). To get additional weapons you must either purchase them or steal them from your enemies through managing to capture an enemy supply wagon.After your first battle (hopefully you don't get your butt handed to you), you will embark on several campaigns; I say campaigns because each significant battle has smaller skirmishes/battles that can directly support your efforts in the main battle (lets say Shiloh). If you do well in the two battles leading into Shiloh then you can tip the scales (although slightly) in your favor.How you play on the battlefield can really screw you up if you are a bad tactician; for instance, you can forget to put your infantry in cover that you've been building XP with the past 5 games only for them to be descimated and the commander KIA. Now your back to building an infantry brigade all over again for the next five games.I would recommend it, graphics are quircky sometimes and you can't zoom in very far or change the direction you are looking at the map (which can be akward from time to time); but the depth of the game and how enjoyable it can be really do outweigh the cons."
76561198011272969,Recommended,502520,29701746,Posted: 4 February,all,Brado,Great game!
76561198163856241,Recommended,502520,29750432,Posted: 6 February,all,Sam Peckinpah,"I recommend this game, it has all the potential of becoming a masterpiece."
76561197990233689,Recommended,502520,29266259,Posted: 14 January,all,ruoste,"In EA, so far excellent gameplay experience. Would probably not recommend for everyone of my friends, but for history enthusiasts and especially war-history enthusiasts, must try. Combat is challenging yet graphically a bit dull, no blood and gore in a game about a war that begs to show the player the horrid state of warcraft in 1800's. Then again the combat is also rewarding and you really start to save your elite troops from the tough spots, and put the new meat into the grinder, since the difference between a new unit and a veteran unit of many battles are significant.Still, 5/5."
,Recommended,502520,30071297,Posted: 20 February,all,☭ jumin121 ☭,"Great game, I enjoy it quite a bit."
,Recommended,502520,30124861,Posted: 23 February,all,Taurus,Advancing from one battle to full scale campaign mode with management was an amazing movement by the devs. I have enjoyed the game from beginning and it's even only in alpha! I recommend this game to every strategy fans!
76561198040094726,Recommended,502520,30004436,Posted: 18 February,all,gavbr,"Love this game love it, love it, LOVE IT!!  Don't get me wrong it's hard, very hard to get the hang of. Units don't do what you tell them and then run away when they get slightly spooked, there's cooldowns on abilities like charge, they like to do their own thing and head off to places you haven't told them to and when you're men are tired they won't do much more than stand still slugging away at each other.However as i've played i've found that there's ways around all of these things if you use your mind.  The more i thought about it all these little things make sense too. They simulate real battle conditions rather than many strategy games which use troops which act like robots.To counter the negative reviews i've not had a single crash whilst playing this game.  Many of the comments about troops in battle can be countered by using tactics or thinking about what you're doing.  The points about always facing overwhelming numbers are not valid i've found. If you're playing the CSA it makes perfect sense. If I have been outnumbered i've still been able to win by again using tactics which i believe is the point of the game. You can turn huge numbers of troops on their heels by outflanking them and decimating their numbers in the process. Nothing's more satisfying than trapping a massive body of troops between a frontal infantry charge and cavalry at the rear.This is a thinking persons game requiring some cunning to win battles which i like a lot.All that being said the army recruitment is a bit basic and the campaign can drag a little but it's early days for this game yet.On a final note give this game a try. It's doubtful it's for everyone because it's not easy to get the hang of but persevere and you'll find a truly excellent game even in this early stage."
,Recommended,502520,29978089,Posted: 16 February,all,Missionaria Protectiva,"Although it is still under development, it is FASCINATING!As a history lover, I decided to try it out the first time I saw it. After completing the 1st Battle of Bull Run as rebels, I feel like I'm dragged into it.As a game about the Civil War, Ultimate General is quite historically accurate and is very detailed - just look at those historical equipments and commanders appeared in the game. The UI and graphics are also quite beautiful and I like the map.Really enjoy campaign mode where you can become a commander and experience the whole war. There are also historical battles that allows you to play all the major battles on both sides. Highly recommend this game and hope it can grow better.Indeed it is pretty hard (AI is really hard to deal with and is very impressive) but you will enjoy making strategical or tactical decisions and beat your enemies, either as the Unions or as the Confederate rebels."
,Recommended,502520,29994827,Posted: 17 February,all,Wolf,"Really good strategic game. The first level is a little complicated, but over all it's not so bad."
76561198059227402,Recommended,502520,29988173,Posted: 17 February,all,Ktufuathama,"A very well put together game, hopefully the beginnings of a awesome series of games. The combat it realistic, the army creation is personal and in-depth, and the battle setups are perfect. It thrust you into uncomfortable positions and uncomfortable odds, forcing you to tactically fight hard and earn a win."
76561197972429071,Recommended,502520,30086022,Posted: 21 February,all,starbuck310,"Great game, best Ive played of the musket era. Strongly recommended. Its early access but plays very well. Improvements all the time. Played 45 hours both sides."
76561198208563457,Recommended,502520,29986800,Posted: 17 February,all,Pizza  2.0,After ultimate genreal Gettysburg i thought the game could not be any better but boy was i wrong i got the game and i was amazed at what the game was and when the game hopefully get multiplayer i cant wait if you love the civil war time period GET THIS GAME!!!
76561198008296962,Recommended,502520,29991093,Posted: 17 February,all,Torvold,"I play alot of different games, but my favorite genre is strategy. Most RTS's bore me... build, produce, spam, rinse, repeat until you win...Not this game... you live the life of an army commander and you can literally end up running out of men and material if you have too many pyrrhic victories.The interface is easy to use, the game play can be brutal, and the AI will try to out think you. Easily top 1% of strategy games."
76561198086960985,Recommended,502520,29979193,Posted: 16 February,all,swsmith92,"COH2 and Ultimate General tie for my 2 fav strategy games, But the sound effects are kick♥♥♥♥♥!!!!"
,Recommended,502520,29668124,Posted: 3 February,all,Xiaoluobo,"I normally don't write reviews. Certainly not long reviews. I will write this one because first of all I think this game is great and is deserving of your hard-earned cash, and second, there aren't that many reviews yet and someone might actually read this.You SHOULD get this game if:1. You want an example of excellent early access implementation. As far as I understand it, this game is feature complete, but missing about half the content in terms of battles in the campaign. Its also stable, runs well, and nearly bug-free.2. You are a Total War fan but have long wanted something that plays similarly (at least in the real-time battles) but is vastly more realistic, deep, and has noticeably better AI.3. You want a strategy-heavy wargame where decisions outside the battles when managing your troops, money, reputation, officers, and equipment are just as important as the decisions in the real-time battles.4. You are a Civil War history buff. I personally am not, but I've learned a lot in-game and have spent a couple hours in total looking at Wikipedia pages reading about battles that I just played because they so fascinated me. I can see why others have said this could easily be the best Civil War game of all time.5. You want a strategy game where you both have a ton of units, but also controls well. It's hard to go back to a Total War game after playing this based on user interface and controls alone. I generally groan a bit at the chore of controlling so many units at once, but I've found it to be a joy here. I actually LIKE playing out the huge battles, as they don't feel unwieldy in the same way other games do.6. You want a difficult game. Even as a RTS/grand strategy/Total War vet playing as far back as the 90s I couldn't cut it even on normal difficulty, where the AI got no bonuses whatsoever. Now that I'm a good way though my ""easy"" campaign (which I still am NOT steamrolling) I feel more ready to tackle normal difficulty, especially since losing one battle is not game over, just a reputation, money, and manpower hit. Multiple losses is the failure state: you get fired as general by the president.7. You appreciate a cleanly-crafted, high-quality game. Everything from the sound and graphic design to the interface is simple, unobtrusive, and a pleasure to experience. VERY well done indeed.8. You want a fair game. If you are losing an engagement over and over, its probably a mistake that YOU are making, such as funneling troops into a kill zone, trying to run them on an uphill charge, not paying attention to your flanks, or expecting your injured regiment to stand and fight when being shot at from multiple sides. Interestingly enough, many of these mistakes could be ones that actually happened in history in that battle, which is why the engagement was lost. Think it through, watch a more competent Youtuber play it, and don't ask the impossible of your men.You SHOULD NOT get this game if:1. You want ""flashiness"". While the game certainly looks nice--particularly the terrain--a graphics showcase this is not. Units for example are very low-res spites even at max zoom. The upside of course is very low system requirements.2. One of the main reasons you play games like Total War is to zoom in and watch your units beating the tobacco juice out of each other.  You simply can't zoom in very far here, and units are very simply animated.3. You want to play on both your desktop and laptop. There's no Steam cloud integration, and in 2017 there's no excuse for that. Maybe it will come at full release?4. You want to play multiplayer. There's no PvP, no co-op, no nothing, and as far as I understand it, there never will be. That's a shame.5. You want any kind of ""grand strategy"" game where you are a conqueror, painting the map your color. This is NOT Total War style where there's a turn-based grand strategy layer, or an actual grand strategy game like Europa Universalis. This is all about real battles at real times, with persistent army management aspects between fights. To be fair, this management layer is far more in-depth for your actual armies than any other game mentioned. To put it another way, you are NOT truly playing as the Union or the Confederacy; you are playing as a custom-made general with his own history and skillset that goes and fights predetermined battles for said countries.6. You want a game you can put 500+ hours into. I personally have put more than that into games like Medieval II Total War, Crusader Kings II, and Europa Universalis IV over the years, but I cannot see that happening even when this game is finished. You fight realistic, historically accurate, but very predetermined battles throughout the Civil War on one side or the other. The battles themselves are not scripted (except between the persistent stages of the huge ""grand battles"" like Gettysburg), but they are in fact the same battles with the same setup no matter how many times you play the game.7. You like good tutorials. I don't know if it's a symptom of early access, but I had no Idea what I was doing in the beginning, and the few advice tips were so general/vague/obvious they were no help at all. It only took me about an hour to get into the swing of things, though--and for a strategy game, that's not too bad.8. You love good unit variety. Realistically so, there's not much actual variety here: this one one country fighting itself. There's infantry, skirmishers, cavalry, and artillery--that's it. To be fair you can customize each with a surprising variety of different guns, officer ""perks"", and unit sizes, but there is no thrill of pitting Redcoats vs. Minutemen, Ork Boyz vs. Space Marines, etc.TL:DR. This is an incredible war game in every way that matters to me: AI, strategic depth, and controls/UI. While it may not have the nearly-unending longevity or open-endedness of some grand strategy games, I highly recommend Ultimate General: Civil War even in its current state to any experienced strategy gamer."
76561198066098566,Recommended,502520,29675565,Posted: 3 February,all,widwi,"I would highly recommend getting this, not least simply because each fight is hard-fought in the extreme. I've fought as the CSA through Fredericksburg, and I've won every battle, though some of them were incredibly close - even Fredericksburg. I made a tactical blunder there. In the final phase of the battle, the far left of the CSA line is cut off and Union forces moved down from there to the middle and far right (each one is technically its own part of the battle. Still large in scale). Well, needless to say, I had a few brigades waiting virtually at the edge. I misjudged how many men the Union were throwing my way. What should have been a defensive battle on my end, where I would have had the advantage, it became an all-out brawl as I was forced to move my forces up from their defensive positions to ensure that few or none of my forces got utterly destroyed. I eventually pushed the Union back, but at a cost of roughly 1:1, what I consider to be an intolerable cost of life on my end. I won the day, having been outnumbered 124,000 some odd men to 104,000 some odd men. That stone wall on the far left was a godsend, let me tell you."
76561198026249316,Recommended,502520,32325924,Posted: 10 June,all,tervuren,"I found the game, at first, to be not neccasarily hard, but more unfair. As whichever side I played the other didnt seem to ever take any effects after a victory or loss. This has now been fixed, so there arent really any big problems with the game. That i've found anyway. But there is one thing I'd really like to see. It seems that hills dont allow troops to fire over eachother, it simply says that the group behind is blocked. Even though, they are on a hill and the soldiers below are not. Overall though i would recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of civil war history, or strategy games."
,Recommended,502520,31616191,Posted: 7 May,all,scotbuff,"The last two updates have fixed the AI issue and made the game much more realistic.  I started a new play through on each difficulty.  The easy difficulty is easy, the other difficulties are challenging but not impossible.  Much happier with the game balance at this point.  Hopefully things remain somewhat consistent through to the official release.  Right now, I highly recommend the game."
,Recommended,502520,32028620,Posted: 28 May,all,Gene Parmesan,"Edit 6/25: With their latest patch, the developers have fixed the issues that I saw leading to my review. The campaign now has a dynamic enemy army which changes in both size and quality according to how you perform against it in battles. It's now much more realistic, in the sense that when you defeat the enemy army it will be smaller and less well equipped in the next battle, translating to a better sense of progress and an overall easier game if you play well.Original Review: I like this game, but cannot recommend it in it's current state. As a number of other reviewers have noted, scaling makes this game frustrating and in some battles nearly impossible. There are some battles where it simply isn't possible to win, even on the easiest setting, due to the objectives and the strength of the enemy. The developers have tried to make it easier by adding a ""fixed enemy strength"" option where the enemy has the same number of soldiers regardless of your army, but this has the effect of making the battles trivially easy. I don't mind losing battles if I feel as though the AI has outplayed me, but this is never the case with this game - the computer has the benefit of always having a much larger and better equipped army than you."
76561197970477313,Recommended,502520,32789104,Posted: 25 June,all,AggonySpoon,"Great standalone single player campaign of the US Civil War, play as either side, as a fan of Total War I loved it, fantastic campaign and some awesome multi day battles.Basically if you like Total War games give it a go its really good, by the modsters who did the Napoleon TW Darth mod."
76561198202209634,Recommended,502520,33043708,Posted: 30 June,all,trfreeman4761,Wow! more arcade in some ways but mainly a simulation of civil war battle. Hard only begins to describe how tough this game is. I hope that it will become a multiplayer like UTG: Gettysburg. I highly recommend both!
,Recommended,502520,33064162,Posted: 30 June,all,[OTS]VaaSHARK,"Have only played a handful of hour in it, but gotta say I love it so far it took me a second to figure a few things out but its all fairly easy! The only down side that I can see so far is there is to multiplayer or Co-Op :/ but sides that great buy"
76561198067053930,Recommended,502520,33047551,Posted: 30 June,all,JustDucky,"I've played 40 hours so far and do not plan on stopping anytime soon. The gameplay is very interactive. The AI reacts to all your moves and will do everything it can to stop your advance on the battlefield. I have played the Gettysburg title as well and find this just as entertaining if not more so.I will be the first to admit that there are still plenty of bugs to work out, but the devs seem eagre to fix them. I look forward to the improvements that are made in the future. I highly recommend this game but also suggest that you wait to buy the complete game if you cannot handle working with a  few bugs during development."
76561198010731543,Recommended,502520,33097488,Posted: 1 July,all,CWL,"Great game from my playing of it so far. Recommend a buy, even in early access. Looking forward to the full release."
,Recommended,502520,33157566,Posted: 2 July,all,Spectre7m,And I finally beat the Confederate Campaign. After it taking over 35 hours to play I'd say this is well worth your $$ if this sort of genre suits you.
76561198045919174,Recommended,502520,33322490,Posted: 6 July,all,Morocka,Picked this up over the summer sale and gotta say WOW!  Really good game and a definate must have for civil war lovers.
76561197980521612,Recommended,502520,33328876,Posted: 6 July,all,HouseOfSwing,"I had just finished watching ""Ken Burns: The Civil War"" and i figured i never searched for a Civil War game on Steam, Good a time as any right....... and i happened upon this Masterpiece.Now i havent been around since the begining seeing as i have just purchased this July 2017, but what i have seen so far in amost 60 hours playing is exactly what i mean by Masterpiece.I am a fan of Total war and really any grand strategy game including space 4x, and i am seriously happy that i contributed to this games development with my early access purchase.We need more games like this and by that i mean no muss no fuss no feature creep, no need to detail the soldiers down to the chevrons on their uniforms.I'm currently playing v0.94 and haven't played through a full game yet because i restarted a few times trying different things over and over and over seeing if i could improve my play up to that point.The game is HARD on HARD which is what i think is sorely lacking in this day and age of refilling health bars and accident forgiveness......you screw up and your soldiers die and then rout and then die some more while routing, then the flank collapses then you run a reinforcement Brigade up only to find your previous position is overrun now its time to fall back and think of a way to fix the mess you just created all because you answered a text message while the game was on double speed and you took your eye off of the screen for 30 seconds.10/10 i need you to make a WWII game and a Revolutionary War Game..... hell anything else after you finish this please"
76561198007421583,Recommended,502520,33329602,Posted: 6 July,all,luckymarine,"Nice little game for the strategically minded, I have limited knowledge of USA history and this does a fairly good job. I like to cross reference certain battles with what the internet says and it would seem that most of them are fairly accurate.The game is not dynamic however, so even if you're stomping the enemy with canister shot and bayonets to the face you may get a pop up that goes something like ""The enemy have overwhelming numbers, fall back to a defensive position"". Almost as if the narrator is blind to what is actually going on. An I get it, the game it trying to keep historically accurate to certain events.Game is still in development and judging from the forums there is a good level of dialogue between the devs and the community, certainly seems to be a title that will go from strength to strength and not just be dropped."
76561198316100472,Recommended,502520,33343997,Posted: 7 July,all,HerrRommel,"Good game with little to no mistakes, as historically accurate as a CoD game but heh you have a non-existent army in the real world anyway so I guess it can be accepted. The campaign is more dynamic as you can cause casualities to the enemy. Would like to have multiplayer but its early access so what can you expect?- Guy with 90+ hours in this and has completed legendary mode"
76561198098473372,Recommended,502520,33459610,Posted: 11 July,all,Dumbo,Feels cool as ♥♥♥♥ when you win an important battle after like 3 hours
76561198023181149,Recommended,502520,33472173,Posted: 11 July,all,jackmaclellan,"Great game!!!! Love the tactics and building your own corps. If I had a wish list, having a strat side to the game similar to (Forge of Freedom) would be a nice addition, The game is well worth the price. Keep them coming ,"
,Recommended,502520,33545824,Posted: 14 July,all,ajdoro94,"amazing game but... i was so disappointed when the game ended so early. in my opinion there are not enough battles.  whether it be side battles or main battles. this game was so great but it really ended quick and i know that there were more battles that the developers could have added in. such as fort sumter, or battle of vicksbug, and even the great battle of missuri. with a few more battles to fight i think this game would be my favorite game. (and one last thing. i wish you could have 3000 soliders in a brigade)"
76561198030727571,Not Recommended,502520,27994711,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gman,"There was no Beta -> Alpha.  They just took comments, read them, and then rolled out the Beta.  This could have been great but the combat system makes no sense.  I charge for 50 yards and then am exhausted for 10 minutes?  My cavalry gets demolished unless I pay careful attention whereas the enemy is Jeb Stuart 24/7?  No RPG element.  No zoom in.  No thanks."
,Recommended,502520,28380759,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,nigimingi,"Overall good game for its budget. The developers listen to its community and constantly make improvement. It's a pretty chanllenging game even at easy difficulty and requires a lot of time just to get familiar with various scenario of the campaign; at high difficulty the player must be absolutely flawless,  especially during later campaign to stand a chance before AI's infinite resources.Pro:1.Interesting Army management system. It gives you a sense of accomplishment when you gradually expand and upgrade your army.2.Each campaign battle is historically accurate, which is addicting to civil war fans like me. However, if you are looking for flexibility like the Total War seris, this game might disappoint you.Con:1. A bit too difficult2.Although all big bugs have been solved during beta, various small problems lurk here and there. For example, The deployment for beginning and inter-phases can use some enhancement. Sometimes the positioning of player's army is random and troublesome."
76561198369848531,Recommended,502520,32029952,Posted: 28 May,all,housebound1,"Winning Means Loosing. As far as I'm concerned this game is broke. 15000 man army against 40000 in entrenched positions.Reward is.. your army is now 12000 after winning and refit.I purposely targeted and enemy brigade of 3000! and he finally gave up at 165 men,Please don't bother with it till they sort it out.I have been persevering with it as I love this kind of game but I finally give up. I'm an old guy and remember the original dos based game and Civil War in the 80's. Least you had a chance with them.Best wishes . Paul U.k."
76561197960416558,Recommended,502520,33917720,Posted: 30 July,all,☣ʍѧd☢ʍѧи☣,"Very fun strategy game, its challenging and rewarding."
76561198036478468,Recommended,502520,33932795,Posted: 31 July,all,SeneKai,Pretty good RTS game set in the US Civil War. Definitely recommend buying when on discount and if you like RTS.Pros:Runs on a potato (old laptop for me)Have not encountered any bugs so far in 60 hours of play. (Retreating towards the enemy is just really brave troops)Fun intuitive gameplay with enought variety in different armnaments.Looks fairly nice.Cons:Extremely rigid campaign. Dont expect to change history. You will fight the same battles in chronological order as you progress through the campaign.AI leaves somethings to be desired. Competent enough to put on a challenge initially but can be figured out pretty quickly. Game relies on giving the AI better equipment and more manpower to provide most of the challenge.There are problems with the game mentioned in the forums: mainly retreating towards the enemy and sticky melee. (I personally have experienced the dodgy retreat a few times and the sticky melee never)No tutorial coupled with the first couple of campaign battles being pretty tough on newer players. Experience in other RTS games like the Total War series can help.
,Recommended,502520,33936651,Posted: 31 July,all,gybrsh3pwood,"My neighbor has a dog. His name is peter. (the dog) Peter doesn't listen well, so neighbor yells. Sometimes ""Peter!"" but mostly ""God dammit!"" My neighbor is also a professional voice actor. You can hear him in this game. Help support my neighbor who can't control a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ animal, and buy this amazing game. If you enjoy strategy at all don't bother waiting for a sale."
76561198286104576,Recommended,502520,33941512,Posted: 31 July,all,strikerman8,Great Game!
76561198407676602,Recommended,502520,33939378,Posted: 31 July,all,loganogle11,very good game
76561198031332362,Not Recommended,502520,26640574,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,A Violent Fart,"This is my third review.  I started loving this game and now I really can't stand it.  I have 95 hours as of now, I'll probably end up with more eventually.  I play it because, frankly, I bought it.  But I was looking for the spiritual successor (and modern) to the Sid Meier's games.  I thought originally that's what this was.  Nope.  It is not.  It's all about what happens off of the battlefield in the Army Camp where you get to develop your Army.  The actual battle's don't matter that much.  Even if you are the Union, if you take casualties, you'll eventually be outnumbered by the CSA EVEN IF you inflict more casualties on them then they do to you.  The scaling system is there to ""make sure the game doesn't get boring by always offering you a challenging enemy.""  Ok.  Then maybe if you win every single battle up to Gettysburg as the Union, the war should be over?  Cause as we know, that's not how the actual war happened.  So why is the CSA so powerful?  I guess so you don't get bored of slaughtering them all over again in the next battle.  And so they have plenty of men to slaughter when they use their primary tactic: CHARGE!!!I can't recommend it because old school gamers, people who study the civil war, or folks who love challenging tactics on the battlefield won't like this game.  People who like strategy with army planning and building in a screen that isn't real-time will love this game, though.  Just... don't expect to find the battle's pleasing, especially the further into the game you get.  You might have more fun reading a college textbook or paying your income taxes."
,Not Recommended,502520,28856283,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Crazycaptain,"Pros:-Big Battles and Small Battles-Big Battles Flow into a larger narrative-Campaign-Solid AI-Beautiful Maps and Sprites.  Really pleasent to look at.-Highly strategic.-Very few bugs or gamebreaking activity for an Early Acess title.Cons:-No Multiplayer: This is dumb.  Many of the problems of the game can be fixed with multiplayer, but there seems to be a refusal to add it to the game.  Honestly, I am surprised I have played this game as much as I have.Poor game design: Many of the campaign battles feel ""cheap"".  Most of the time you have such little time to accomplish an object you spend half of the game in melee like this is Rome 2.  When defending, you will have too much time and the AI will have troops than you.  I frequently can only play one battle at a time because it is rage inducing.This is not ""intellignet AI""; it feels like your being cheated.Custom Games: They are lame.  Just portions of other battles usually dealing with the same times issue.  Needs several custom maps that are random with randomized objects. These  modes of thes game is utterly useless at this point and not finished at all."
76561198006780641,Recommended,502520,34134292,Posted: 9 August,all,Karl-Heinz,This is a very beautiful wargame. At last.
76561198006885534,Recommended,502520,34381902,Posted: 20 August,all,gorbag1,AWSOIME  game            enjoy it more than TWW.
76561198047917461,Recommended,502520,34395460,Posted: 21 August,all,twentythreeakira,A downgrade from Ultimate General Gettysburg. No dynamic consequences. But still a good game. Expect the next one to be better!
76561198039324240,Recommended,502520,33977473,Posted: 2 August,all,Pierre,The absolute best game out there about the American Civil War. Highly recommend it.
76561198111815070,Recommended,502520,33975271,Posted: 2 August,all,cmcphedran83,"Really good RTS, best played on harder difficulty as the smallest error can end you chances of victory.  It is very satisfying to build your units experience and getting the role playing feel, especially sad when one of your favorite division commanders takes a ball through the head.The AI is tough, enemy will react to your movements and not just be dumb!  You need to learn the units and weoponry as you progress as obtaining maximum effectiveness is always an interesting challenge.  Finally getting those cannons into a good position and dishing out hundreds of casualties is greatly satisfying."
,Recommended,502520,34195936,Posted: 12 August,all,skull1kyle5,"A great tactical RTS game! UGCW provides one with a 19th century feel in how you go about commanding your troops, while also ensuring that YOU are the one leading them; as the game lets you name your general and choose his backstory. Overall UGCW is a game I'd recommend to anyone looking for a fun single player experience that allows you to manage your army YOUR way (naming Corps, and Brigades), while also getting some rather interest immersion moments throughout. Only downside for now is the lack of MP for those who are looking for that sort of content, and the inability to name your officers... the latter of which is the one bit that somewhat takes away the immersion as you'll sometimes see 10 officers with the same last name commanding your troops. However the developers do listen to suggestions and feedback and continue to update and add new editions to the game as time goes on, which is a huge positive.If you love that 19th century command style, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,502520,34248881,Posted: 14 August,all,kirdaddy,This game is an amazing experience that helps to show how incredible yet abominable the civil war was.9/10
,Recommended,502520,33958605,Posted: 1 August,all,jaggot67,"Yah yah. The game is great and all but one quick question... did the devs really need to include Nathan Bedford Forrest? I do realize this is history but don't you thinks this is pushing it a little far for a video game in this age of political climate? Again, I love this game but the devs might want to be more careful."
,Recommended,502520,29301827,Posted: 16 January,all,JohnnyRico2007,"This game is the tactical part of the Total War series, will all the strategic stuff stripped away. Wouldnt be bad honestly, but it's kinda quirky if not buggy as of Jan 2016.  A significant percentage of the time I don't know why stuff is happening. Units not following orders leading to complete disasters. A tactic which worked too well on one map (unit in a building holding off 5x their number) are completely useless on the next map (getting rolled 1 on 1 in the same defensive situation). On a mission to capture 3 supply convoys, one would not register causing an automatic draw, insted of a win. My advice right now, is save your money; grab it in 6 months when it's either patched up or in a bargain bin.UPDATE: returning to UGCV months later, I became quite addicted to it. I've had  lots of fun playing it, enough so to change my recommendation.  Learning the game is easy (get in cover, always flank, between battles improve troop quantity and quality) but the subtler aspects of tactics are challenging, esp on hard (baiting the enemy, forcing him to fight out of cover, distracting units, cavalry raiding in the rear).That being said the game is still quirky: units doing bizarre things because they lose LOS to their target, entrenchments being often useless. rare weapons being rather ineffective. However, the quirks are minor and the game shines enough overall, to keep you coming back."
,Recommended,502520,34649451,Posted: 31 August,all,Confederate Honor,"This game is awesome, cant stop playing. It is like A US Civil War version of total war. must get."
76561198173093967,Recommended,502520,34783874,Posted: 6 September,all,FlappyMeatCuRtAiNzz,im a few missions into the campaign atm but need to give this review..for what it is...ITS GREAT! i feel like its in between what you would expect from a RTS Smartphone Game and something along the lines of a total war game and thats a good thing for me personally because its not a straight forward charge the animated bad guy and over power him boom you win... but also i dont have to spend 20 minutes managing the administrative side of a total war campaign (which dont get me wrong i like when im in the mood) you need to use your head with this game but not alot if your good at RTS gamesi bought it last night played for a few hours and was thinking about playing it all day today at work.would suggest you buy this game if RTS is your big thing
76561198012963265,Recommended,502520,34788562,Posted: 6 September,all,MawLr,"Great game overall, even if you're completely useless when it comes to strategic thinking this game will force the general inside you to come out and take command of your army whether you choose to side with the federals or the confederates, the game is also great when it comes to micromanagement as it's key to have control over your army logistics for the numerous battles you'll face throughout the campaign.Just buy it already, it's worth giving it a try,"
76561197970681398,Recommended,502520,34801012,Posted: 7 September,all,ja2fan,"Highly recommended for any strategy gamer! This is what Total War series should be like .. focus on gameplay and functional nice graphics. TW's obsession with graphic, graphics, graphics has made me lose interest in their offerings and i was a diehard fan since the original Shogun.I have a hard time finding any negatives about this game, it's polished, has lots of content (insane amount of fighting to be had) and offers nice RPG elements and micromanagement of your army."
76561198030166744,Recommended,502520,34801889,Posted: 7 September,all,Livingston,"Ultimate General Civil war is a very fun rts with a fairly shallow learning curve. Its unit movement mechanics allow you to set paths which lets you issue commands and go focus on something else without having to micromanage a brigades precise route. The variety of troops and weaponry make the game fun and replayable since you can deploy completely different strategies each playthrough. Army custumization is something I particularly enjoy, especially the promotion of officers(even having my favorite officers get killed) adds a  fun dynamic to the game and properly managing your commanders can easily influence a battle and the war. The AI is a little too easy to outsmart but with every patch the developers seem to be making the AI more adaptive and unpredictable.Overall this is a great game for the price, expecially if you're a fan of Civil War era games."
76561197994803941,Recommended,502520,34803375,Posted: 7 September,all,oldfox,Vwey good
,Recommended,502520,34805367,Posted: 7 September,all,Lukwich,"If you think Total War is a difficult game then don't play this. Period. For if you cannot defeat that A.I it will be utterly impossible in this game. As in this game the A.I does not care one bitt for your consent, and will utterly devastate  your precious bits without even the hint of lube. However, if you do feel like your ready feel free to buy this rough, but valuable indie gem.Side Note: I love this game, but it does a large amount of bugs, however I think it is worth it. However, I would HIGHLY recommend you watch a youtube playthrough first, as the commentator will undoubtly run into the problems this game has."
,Recommended,502520,35030868,Posted: 17 September,all,Knightlol123,Its good
76561198409175728,Recommended,502520,35057751,Posted: 18 September,all,hawkdad123,LOVED IT
76561197991769549,Recommended,502520,34857375,Posted: 10 September,all,Winnerschnitzel,"To say it´s a neat little game wouldn´t be enough for me.For oldshool couunter chip boardgamers it´s a must!The core mechanics are easy to understand which putsyou in a place to find your playstyle quickly.In the campaign mode you´re thrown into battle in an instant.And you will get a strong reaffirmation of right and wrongchoices, so be prepared to reload/restart a battle :)Inbetween battles you´ll find yourself tinkering with your corps.Should you increase the size of your bad♥♥♥♥♥brigades, or shouldyou rather found new ones for more tactical options.Should you get a harassing cavalry brigade, or will theirobjective be to counter enemy cannons?Will your skirmishers be cannonfodder to slow down anenemy attack, or do you want them to be elite snipers?-The equipped weapons will give you these options.Only money and manpower will limit your decisions,so choose wisely ;)A reckless playstyle is seldom rewarded, since yourbrigades morale crumbles eventually until they willrun, get captured or in worst case fall apart. Withyour commanders eventually getting killed whichwill be a bad thing because their talent in leadership(represented in unit skills) will be lost. And it´s damnexpensive to build them up to former strength.So the real game is to manage your units characteristicson the battlefield and trying to build them furtherinbetween.Really a great game!"
76561197967455034,Recommended,502520,34856631,Posted: 10 September,all,mathman18,"By far, the best Civil War game I've ever seen.  Tons of replay value.  Excellent game!"
,Recommended,502520,34820439,Posted: 8 September,all,udel007,The best civil war game since Battleground Gettysburge. It is quite challanging but not impossible and stays relatively true to history! Definitely worth the buy.Cons:The graphics aren't the greates but thats not what the game is about.The controlls take some getting used to but after a couple of battles they are intuitive and function very well.
76561197964796555,Recommended,502520,34825887,Posted: 8 September,all,rushtomydeath,"Awesome game, very similar to the total war series.  Took about 50 hours to win a campain."
76561197992660810,Recommended,502520,34918034,Posted: 13 September,all,poison,kick♥♥♥♥♥game 9/10
,Recommended,502520,34881664,Posted: 11 September,all,noremaC,"Does what it aims to do in a very fluid and easy way. The genre is great as there is no other big US civil war game out there. I think they could improve it if they made the actual battles more complex, suddenly hill advantage becomes a thing, more formations, maybe one for moving faster like a column and different fire formations, as a unit gains veterancy the faster they form these formations maybe? lots of stuff they could do and i hope in their next game they build off of this game."
76561198146491514,Recommended,502520,34905997,Posted: 12 September,all,ACIDSUN,you should add sandbox with unlimited money and recuits. also more battles. it's should be 150 battles in Civil Wars. i know it's too much stuff. what's about add workshop. ez have a nice day. :) just beat this game of both sides.
76561198007618347,Recommended,502520,34907685,Posted: 12 September,all,crtaylor1,This is a great Civil War tactical game. You are constantly engaged in maneuvering your forces and thinking out the best strategy. The battle games are exciting and fun. The campaign game needs some help though. You keep fighting the same battle over and over again. If you don't win the battle you just have to repeat it again. Boring.But the game flows smoothly and the tactical interface is fast and easy to use. I would just stick with the battle scenarios.
,Recommended,502520,34953751,Posted: 14 September,all,MegaBearsFan,"Ultimate General: Civil War is a solid indie Civil War game and is well worth checking out for strategy fans and for people interested in the American Civil War. It's not quite the deep, complex, free-form Civil War game that I've been hoping to see from Creative Assembly's Total War series, but I can't really expect it to be. Overall, I recommend the game! It doesn't have the polish of a bigger-budget title, but what it does do well, it does really well, and it provides some deep and compelling strategy gaming.Those of you who do try it out will find a game that does have some genuine innovations. Strategy game developers like Creative Assembly should definitely look closely at Ultimate General's unit movement commands. Drawing movement paths and including a ""fall back"" command are things that should probably become standard in real-time strategy games -- especially those with historical or realistic settings.For my full review, please check out my blog:http://www.megabearsfan.net/post/2017/09/12/Ultimate-General-Civil-War-game-review.aspx"
,Recommended,502520,34960245,Posted: 14 September,all,xS1lver N Black,A great US Civil War game. Love the historical accuracy and the feel of being a corp commander. The ability to purchase your items for war along with troops selection is fun and provides the ability to play your way as a corp commander. Great civil war game!
76561197977375351,Recommended,502520,35039532,Posted: 17 September,all,Farmo E. Jones,"Ultimate General: Civil War, is a real blast of a strategy game, one of the better one I've played revently.The carnage and chaos that ensued when I played the Battke of Shilo was just nail biting would I win, or would my strategy backfire?the visuals are nice (but not top tier) and the army management in Campaign is well thought out.one thing I find strange though is the soud the voice acting in a lot of parts is Bad, while the battle sounds make the whole game more realistic, i wonder what went wrong there.also some of the text seems to be a bit rough, and like it was left that way since development.And as i hope those issues will het sorted out later, I also hope that there will be mod support as this game would make an awesome platform for a mod community.But all in all if you like strategy you'll love this game althoug it is a bit rough around the edges."
76561198002635638,Recommended,502520,35046815,Posted: 18 September,all,Koopasa,"The closest thing to Sid Meier's Gettysburg! you can currently find. Very solid top down civil war game.Many people complain that the historical battles are too scripted and vote the game down. This is silly to me, as the same battles in campaign do NOT script your forces to giving up ground, and you fight with an army that you have personally chosen and set up as you like. Historic Battle mode is doing as advertised, you have to overcome the historic.Campaign is the strongest portion of the game. You begin with a few premade units on level one, after that you create new units, divisions, and corps out of infantry, skirmishers, cavalry, and artillery. You can arm and train these units any way you see fit. Personally I have a 450 unit of cavalry equipped with the longest range skirmisher rifle available. Sniper Cavalry. Yeah.Before patch 1.4 (I think) I would not have recommended this game. After this patch, units properly face the enemy when moving or flanking around the enemy. Previously the unit would turn 90° and drag the flank through the battle. Now they continue to face the enemy, and march into position while maintaining formation. Two units can coninutally fire and move to pincer the unit from both sides, previously you would distract while one ran behind.I will say that even on easy, this game is NOT for the faint hearted. You have to lose or save scum for a while to figure out the mechanics. Even when you do, you will make mistakes, and they will hurt. Thankfully the game tracks how decisively you win, and factor that into how much weaker the enemy army would be after that, so it is an even handed system.As I write this review, the game is 30% off at $21. This is a steal if you enjoy non-basebuilding RTS, or ever enjoyed Sid Meier's Gettysburg!"
76561198084900938,Recommended,502520,35093286,Posted: 20 September,all,FRE∀K,"A great RTS game that always left me a tad frustrated with the UI and troop placement. I could never get my troops exactly where I wanted them, and it always took something away from the game. The mechanics are there as are the satisfying volley fire effects that I desperately need when a game is taking place in this era. I love supporting a indie developer. This is no exception."
76561198123618057,Recommended,502520,35322478,Posted: 29 September,all,GeneralWorthington,"I do recomnd this to anyone who love's stradegy game's and one's about the American civil war, this game is perfect for those who are looking for a challeng gameplay experence. This is total war on steroids while on steroids while high on acid while shooting total war with a american shotgun to the face. You have to manage your moneys and man power and you do get a feel that you are a genral in this time peorid. This is what a good stradegy game looks like if i hade to complan it would be that there's no Multiplayer or Creat charter options but it more makes up for it in huge battles and massive armie size's that put total war to shame.  GET THIS GAME NOW GOSH DANG IT :D"
76561197982155680,Recommended,502520,35388416,Posted: 1 October,all,ferrata_vi,"Just started playing.  Great game so far.  Comes with Army management, supply, unit/leader perks and promotions.Battle sounds are excellent.The Unit UI (the quick select panel at the bottom of the screen that allows you to select unit groups, like divisions, corps, etc. could be a touch better, but it's not bad.)If you like tactical CW combat, I highly recommend this."
76561198075387173,Recommended,502520,35393374,Posted: 1 October,all,Driger117,I have done what Lee could not I took the union on and war. The is South Rising FU Lincoln and your taxes.
76561198032681359,Recommended,502520,35413775,Posted: 2 October,all,neilhd,"very realistic, emphasis on economy and management - needs a balance of topping up losses and trying to increase your corps, get it wrong and you end up with lots of  understrength corps which get trounced by the enemy! As the Union got as far as Gettysburg although a bit confused as to how I lost Culps Hill scenario as it was still in my hands when I was sacked!Tactically - rush into winning and you will have heavy casualties which you then need to replace...costing money which means less money to build new corps.... Strategically fighting chronologically gives you the rewards ready for the big battle when you need your corps at strength. Balance rookies to vets at around 3:1 to gain them experiece without breaking in combat. Surprising how quick they become steady soldiers. Finally worked out how to use artillery effectively (give 'em 10lb Parrots and Napoleons at 12 guns per brigade asap for effectiveness and keep 'em away from the enemy!)I love ""historical"" games such as the TW genre and try to play ""historically"" (NO cheats, rush to get points etc) which I find satisfying. This game is a goodie very little faults in my mind...put yourself into the mindset of a 19th C. commander and you will play this game for hours. Congratuations to the designers and crew for a job well done 10/10. where do you go next after this?PS I've no links to the designers, company etc for this positive review although beer tokens would be acceptable!"
,Recommended,502520,35481883,Posted: 4 October,all,Redstorm,Basically just shoot as many people as possible while you get slaughtered.
76561198006714268,Recommended,502520,35504700,Posted: 5 October,all,Jesse,I hope to god they are making more games like this!
76561197970024915,Recommended,502520,35087741,Posted: 20 September,all,The Apostle,"This is a great game if you love Wargames and trust me Ive played a hell of a lot of em.Positives:+ Excellent unit management (unit formation displacement becomes invalid as every unit in a formation can use his rifle allowing you to focus on the bigger picture.+artillery that actually feels like artillery (however it could let you select shell type although this is invalid as canons switch to canister automatically at close range-again allowing you to focus on unit movement and the bigger picture).+Great balance in distributing funds and upgrading your units.+Gorgous maps and campaigns with intense objects that leave you feeling physically sick at the sight of thousands of men exchanging lumps of supersonic lead at 10 foot distances.+stimulation of loins+Great value for moneyNegatives-your eyes will bleed, maybe I need to buy glasses or stop sitting in front of my pc for ten hour stretches.-some people wont like the unit graphics and will want more details."
