user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,503180,30866541,Posted: 31 March,all,Thel Gribble,"With a setting that is a mix between Robocop, Judge Dredd, and the novel 1984, you play as a cybernetic constable of the ministry of law. You fly around the city, responding to crimes in progress, beating, shooting, or intimidating goons into submission while collecting clues to find the city's gang headquarters, in an attempt to save the city from a terrorist bomb plot by locating a nuclear warhead, and the codes required to defuse it, all within twenty four hours, and with only one life before the game restarts and you start over.I thoroughly enjoyed this, and I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a fun little time-consumer."
,Recommended,503180,25157413,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Frosty,"MiniLAW is a combination of Robocop and Judge Dredd as far as the theme goes. Your job is to maintain a dystopian cities crime levels by addressing some of the more critical crimes that occur in the city. Fairly simple, either injure and subdue the criminals or start playing judge, jury, and executioner with your assigned side arm. There's a interesting function with arresting criminals where you press Q to tell any criminals around you weakened enough to give up and put their hands up. Another press of the button has them face down and potentially out of the way of cross fire. Mind you you can still accidentally kill criminals on the ground. More lethal take downs, the worse it looks on your after reports. There's a stat system, you use your points to either get more gear, upgrade stats (ie. more effective call outs to give up, more health, agility, etc.), and repair/re-arm.The enemy variation is interesting, from low level thugs with knives, shotguns, smgs, snipers, to the mutant monstrosities, psychic renegades, and mech suit mad men. With your justice dispensing cyborg by no means being graceful in anyway. Usually a mission has you accompanied by several cannon fodder regular officers, who can usually help take on that first wave of criminals, but more often than not they're turned into red mist by anything with more than a pistol.There's a cover system, which all can be destroyed if shot up enough. Melee system for those none lethal take downs. Two other items worth mentioning.I played this game back when it was a free alpha and gladly paid for it. This game is fun and for the price it has it's a steal. Nothing more satisfying than gunning down mutant trash, punching some stim addicted druggie, and diving into a shotgun wielding thug, tossing him through a glass window all to finish up with a message from HQ about how you're a loose cannon."
76561198118929268,Recommended,503180,31023640,Posted: 8 April,all,Theoneandlonely,"Definitely a recommendation. This game, as you can tell, is everyone's supercop, cyberpunk fantasy come to life. You know all the basics from everybody else's reviews, so I'll go into more detail with this review. First, it is very impressive how much the devs are cramming into the game, from phone conversations with your support members to varied shouts (or 'diplomacy' as it's called) that contain cheeky references to franchises like Dredd and Robocop (As well as a Demolition man one, surprisingly enough!). It doesn't  feel like a shooter so much as Hotline Miami if it were crossed with a sidescroller. Action is quick and calls for tactical thinking as enemies can make smart manouvers such as waiting you out in cover or providing supporting fire to their melee comrades.Of course it isn't without it's cons. Like Hotline Miami you will die, a lot. Whilst I didn't  find it  as frustrating as Miami in this regard I did find that many deaths felt a little cheap and based on luck. You have a plethora of abilities on hand, maybe too many, instead of just having cover mechanics you also have a block, jumping and dodging mechanic, all in theory can be used to  fight off enemies. However when facing ranged enemies you will almost certainly be swamped by close combat perps. When facing ranged enemies they are almost always camped on the roof and have angles that you cannot react from. You also must repair and manually  restock special ammo from minilaw HQ, whilst you can buy and install systems and ammunition instantly, repairing your armour takes time off the clock and must be done multiple times, albeit with only a small cost in your Requisition Points.Enemies range from interesting and fun to fight, to utterly nightmarish and keyboard smashing frustrating. Uzi wielding mooks will nail you for an entire bar of health (Thankfully you get many MANY revives in the form of the defibrillator on your armour, which fails once your armour bar has run out) and sniper rifle mooks do the same with one shot at close range. However melee perps are much less frustrating, crawling Biofreaks avoid your shots by  shambling along on all fours, smaller gangsters run and attack you but are quickly intimidated, while hulking thugs can be dissuaded by a well placed shot and a shout. The same goes for special mooks, the Biofreaks EMP using fatties will cause interface screw and a healthy dose of health damage, making them a bane. But the Sadako-inspired psychics will induce visions and teleport around the map, making intimidating and arresting them a triumph when achieved.All of this would probably be a deal breaker were this not in early access. As it is, what IS there is very impressive mechanically but it often feels as though you have too many options and a little too much emphasis on both managing resources, requisition points, your own skills (I didn't even realise there was an option to increase skills until I stumbled on it by accident) and the city itself as blocks will become more and more angry and dangerous the less law is applied to them. However it is challenging but  fair in many instances, already  has a wealth  of upgrades and depth to it and can easily be restarted without very much loss even if you have a ton of upgrades."
,Recommended,503180,33104912,Posted: 1 July,all,ＫＡＹＯＭＮ,"Good game, not a lot variety on what you do in the levels but as far as gameplay systems go it's very fleshed out.Graphically it's what you'd expect. However a huge gripe I have is the pixel scaling inconsistency. Some objects are very detailed, and are therefore scaled up less, while other objects such as surroundings aren't scaled up at all. I can only assume they were going for a 2.5D effect with depth. The issue is that it doesn't work when everything is flat, expecially not at 1080p, and ends up messing with your eyes trying to figure out what everything is due some objects being at different pixel scales from others.Luckily the actual levels don't suffer from this much."
76561198070156228,Recommended,503180,28359836,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MikeThePlayr,"Super hard but Super fun!Have you ever wanted to roam the streets of a futuristic city as the latest in crime fighting technology with the absolute power over life and death ala Robocop or Judge Dredd? Now you can! Justice is yours to dispense out like fresh Girl Scout cookies as you see fit in miniLAW: Ministry of Law.You are a Constable and you have technology and an itchy trigger finger on your side, but they have the crazy and numbers on theirs. Go from random mission to random mission killing (or sparing) badguys left and right until you get to the main suspect who you are ordered to either capture alive or kill. Do either and you might get a clue toward the main progression of the game, and that is finding out where each of the four gangs hideouts are.One of the gangs has a huge bomb in their hideout and the other three have the codes needed to disarm it. Sounds like one of those super elaborate but really convoluted comic book villian plots, but it works great in a game like this because it gives a nice and tense structure to your badguy killing.There's also character building and permadeath in this game, and they also serve to add to the fun of being a techno super cop, because you get to invest in your Constable and then watch them die because you bit off more than you can chew in a mission or got killed trying to bring a guy in alive. You really should have just killed him, but ya I know, you are tring to challenge yourself, I get it.Believe me, you challenged yourself the moment you bought and started playing this game."
76561198029090067,Recommended,503180,29216108,Posted: 12 January,all,Hellishmuse,"Lay waste to criminal scum in a dismal future where a few bad apples threaten to blow up the last bastion of mankind as a cyborged enforcer of the law while dispensing one-liners, hard-knocks, and bullets.You play as a trusted servant of the law in the far-flung future racing against the clock to discover and dismantle a nuclear bomb.  In order to discover and dismantle, you must fly to various locations threaten by the criminal elements, literally dropping in from a flying car to punch and kill criminal scum so they drop clues to the location of their hideouts and if they have a code or the bomb.  The other part of the game is sweeping the streets so you can earn requisitions to upgrade your law enforcement officer with various upgrades consisting weapons, skills, and cybernetic parts.It is a very good to excellent game where the action never stops with the euphoria never stopping with this thrilling early-access game.Now, with some downsides.  The controls are a bit janky at certain times for certain actions like when you want to fire your gun only you go into hand-to-hand at the worst possible time.  Suspects leaping off of ledges when you least suspect it to go splat at your feet.  Trying to grab ledges to reach the highest levels to clear a map only to waste a few precious seconds and minutes because you are not at the right spot to latch on to some pixels.  Unable to hop up to make a simple jump knee-high.  Being mobbed by over 12 enemies from at least two different directions without a chance in hell.Inventory issues when you are offered the same item without the chance of rerolling stock.  Lack of buying regular bullets even with the option of your ammo being restocked for free when you view your HQ.  Very unintuitive UI regarding buying parts and weapons on one screen and upgrading skills and equipping weapons on a different screen while at the same location.Yet despite these shortcoming, it is an enjoyable game where the thrill of throwing criminals off ledges while sprouting ""You fought the Law and the Law Won"" can send a chill up your spine.The dev is aware of these flaws and works dillgently with the community to collated them so the game will be purged, then upgraded to create a magnificent product, including more game modes other than deactivate nuke and enjoy endless mode cleaning up the streets of crime.What more can you ask in a dystopian game in the future where you are the law and you make it look good?"
76561198032083559,Recommended,503180,25604610,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,joeythemachine,"This is the greatest game.  I love it so much.  Every time I play a new game, I think: ""I hope this new game is great,"" and usually it's not great.  Not great like this great game.What's great about this game as that you gotta do it.  You gotta rock the steez from above and go back to base to get your jawn straightened out.  Then it's back to rockin the holy heck outta the streets.  I love rockin these means streets.  They're so cool.I never thought I would feel this way about a game.  I feel so good and overwhelmed with awesome emotion, like I stepped into a room where all the light was red and blue with occasional muzzle flashes and lasers cutting through fog machine fog.I'm gonna go play some more now."
76561197999219692,Recommended,503180,32697068,Posted: 23 June,all,morin7897,"An entertaining little gem though  with low bit graphics and challenging control i repeatedly find myself going back out for more punishement, Dealing out justice and receiving alittle beating in return. All in all an interesting and entertaining time sink. Buy on sale and get your credits worth."
76561198089263356,Recommended,503180,27887312,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BAR00,"Interesting game. Fun action, neat design. I love the upgrade options, chosing whether to extend your life, make your punches harder, or improve your ""diplomacy"". At the end of the day it's a bit of a shoot-em up side scrolling game with some twists. It definitely is a fun game, and a good looking game. Fun in small doses."
76561198155141817,Recommended,503180,31558170,Posted: 5 May,all,i.like.to.eat.brains.yummy6341,Awesome game! It's a crime how little attention it seems to have recieved.
,Recommended,503180,26060292,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Xamp,"Do you like Robocop? What about Judge Dredd?I'm pretty sure you know where this is going and i'm pretty sure i'm not the first one to bring up the comparison.This game puts you into the boots of a cop in powerarmor, who is, at this point, probably more machine than man himself.Forget about writing parking tickets or filling out reports at your cozy desk and instead hit the streets of New Babel in your sweet hover patrol car and carrying your trusty sidearm, ready to give warning shots to the kneecaps of a variety of the baddest dudes the local gangs have to offer.And if that doesn't work, you can always just kick 'em in the nads...Combine firearm usage with karate chops to apply JUUUUST the right amount of force to weaken the thugs and either make them surrender by themselves or yell them into submission.Why do that instead of just shoot everyone? A bigger paycheck of course! Besides, HQ might point out a VIP target you are to bring in alive and you wouldn't want to accidentally shoot THEM to death for the 500th time, now would you?But theres a bigger threat than just the steadily growing crimerate. Your main objective is to find and disarm a nuke that has been armed by one of the local gangs. Float around town and dispense justice on your hunt for clues that could give away the location of the nuke and the code to disarm it. Do it quick though, as you only have 24 hours before the city is whipped from the face of the earth.Pros:-Controls just clunky enough to make you feel like Robocop, without making it tedious to move around or interact with the enviroment. Although newcomers may have to take some time to get used to them-Loads of items to buy from back at HQ to optimize your performance. Divided between bits and pieces to implant into yourself as well as specialized and exotic types of primary and secondary ammo. Some more, some less lethal.-Awesome 80's movies and cyberpunk inspired, 2D artstyle-Fairly big variety of enemy types, that'll require different tactics-Roguelike, if you're into those-In Early Access with a team behind it, that'll listen and respond to bug reports and feature request quickly.Cons:Hard to say, since a lot of the problems are being worked on and bugs are constantly being fixed buuut...Gameplay may start getting a little bit stale after hours upon hours of play. There is some variety in how sometimes HQ wants you to execute someone, instead of capturing them alive, how you may have to free a hostage without getting them killed, identifying a dead body, the more rare raids on gang HQs, as well as the pile of mods, ammo types and skills you can buy.This isn't a problem for me personally, because the gameplay, as it is, is so entertaining, i can play for hours on end and not get bored. I could understand how someone else may find it repetetive after a while though.Other than that, there are no real contra points i could bring up. Certainly nothing that you couldn't be resonably request to be fixed or adjusted. And even the point i brought up may be subject to change in the future."
76561197972947102,Recommended,503180,25197279,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Shawdawg,"Loving the game so far. About the same as everyone else is saying, takes a while to get used to controls...not sure if I like gamepad or keyboard more. But once you get to arresting and taking down perps, it's fun.Basically, your character, called a Constable, is a combination of Judge Dredd and Robocop in a Dredd type city. As you do missions and get req (skill points) you can repair your Constable or upgrade for better gear and skills. Making perps surrender or non lethal gets more req than killing and there are several ways to try to do things like that....you can shoot warning shots, or hit them without killing them, punch them out, even yell and possibly make them surrender.Overall a very fun game and highly recommend at the price."
76561198048481603,Recommended,503180,33171314,Posted: 3 July,all,Seany2Horny,"Can be difficult to get into as it just literally plunges you into the action, but once I figured out the controls and how to kick♥♥♥♥♥ I really got into it as it is challenging and different, and punching perps of a roof is fun. The visual style is brilliant, and it has a similar vibe to Karl Urbans Judge Dredd, which is great so I'm looking forward to what else the Devs add."
,Recommended,503180,27785218,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,grigrat,"This is the Robocop and Judge Dredd simulator that you've always been wanting, but, maybe, didn't know you did. As my nomination for the ""Literally Robocop and Judge Dredd"" Award, this quality game tickles your brain in all the right  ways - even if you're too busy busting perps and brain-cuffing scumbags into the iso-cubes to worry about all that nuke nonsense."
76561198040349805,Recommended,503180,34586988,Posted: 29 August,all,hellblazer40k,ROBOCOP MEETS DREDD MEETS ROGUE LIKE GAME :D
,Recommended,503180,26447589,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Willy D. Longpong,"tl;dr If you like the idea of being able to tell criminals to get down on the floor, having the option to arrest them and killing them anyway. if you like the sound of a dystopian future, post apocalypse and fascistic state control of public opinion. if you like smashing down doors, dashing, shooting and/or beating to death people. you should at least put this on follow and your wishlist.Thematically it's a mix of things like Robocop(prime directives, cyborg, more traditional police force), Judge Dredd(post apocalypse, giant cities humans have retreated to, hi-tech/flying car and guns with multiple ammo types) with a dash of the underrated Not a Hero(iso-slant 2d cover system that has you dip into the background and avoid gunfire, lots of mobility in all directions) like the oddly satisfying jump mechanic, it feels like you are in control of a very strong but heavy character. It's a fun and funny time with loads of action.You can violently defibrillate yourself back to life. There's no better reason to support a game.I'm really looking forward to seeing it evolve."
76561198054446303,Recommended,503180,34665111,Posted: 1 September,all,Dervantar,"Great Game for low cost. If you ever wanted to be Judge Dredd in a Bladerunner world, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,503180,34663980,Posted: 1 September,all,Narcoticrobot,"""The best decision you've made today."" -The constableIt's actually kind of weird, just the other day I was waxing nostalgic about a game on PS1 called G-police. I was thinkin why there isn't a game like that nowadays. Then this pops up on sale. The best 6 Bucks I've spent in a while! Like everyone else says it's Robocop meets Judge Dredd meets Blade runner and I even feel a bit of the nostalgia of rise of the dragon in it as well. Even in this early access stage I feel it is a very strong game.There's a Nuclear bomb in the city, one of the three major gangs could be behind it. So you have to go partolling the city stopping crimes and finding clues to the locations of the different HQ's of the gangs so that you eventually can find the nuclear bomb and ""SAVE THE CITY!"".  You don't only have to shoot the bad guys, you can also knock them unconscious or ""negotiate"" them into a surrender. This all comes together in game surprisingly well. Shoot a guy in the leg and then tell him ""Dead or alive"", if their resolve is low enough they will surrender, then you tell them ""Get acquainted with the floor"" and you've made an arrest. It feels really awesome!You earn requisition pts. that you can then spend on upgrades, LVL ups and weapons and such so you can develop into the super constable and give crime a swift kick in the A! I have not come close to beating it yet and there is a timer counting down 24 hours until, I presume, The nuke detonates. So there is a ""race against the clock"" factor.I have totally enjoyed the few hours I have put into it and am looking forward to finding that nuke! One of those games that you say "" damn, I wish I had this game in 1994, FTW!""When I first started it up I did have the black screen deal. As with most games find the executable file,click it's properties, click compatibility and switch it to win 7 and since I use 4k tv usually I have to click the tab that says DPI scaling BLAHBLAH. After that, it works fine as can be. Only thing that bugs me is there's a lil' hitching in the framerate every second or so, minor issue that I'm sure will be resolved. And if the devs could make hacking locks and sequencing DNA a lil' less difficult, that'd be great.There's alot more details I'm sure I could go into but you just have to play the game to really see what I'm talking about. And with it on sale ATM, ""What seems to be you're boggle?"" Pick it up Today!"
,Recommended,503180,26599152,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,FrenchToast,"In a word - MeatyThis game has more meat than a god damned butcher. And that's a good thing, because slamming through a door and beating the populous to near death with your god damned hands is an incredible experience only allowed via a sound effect worthy of a batman TV show. The randomly generated terrain allows a fairly large amount of replayability, and the skill system is simple but fun. All in all a good experience. Will play again, IGN."
,Recommended,503180,25411396,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Lemonaide,"A good game.... If it would stop crashing, the game is a good challenge. I love the mix of Judge Dred and RoboCop. Not as responsive as one would hope, but soon to be improved upon I hope."
76561197964563358,Recommended,503180,25309670,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,NicoFar22,"miniLaw is, hands down, one of the best cop sims I have ever played. It is an amalgamation of Robocop and judge Dredd in story and tone, drenched in neon 80s cyber punk. As is currently stands, minus a few bugs and some issues with control layout that is currently being fixed, this game is worth every penny I placed on it. I can't recommend this game enough. Give it a go if you are a fan of 80s action movies and cyber punk master pieces like Blade Runner and Robocop."
,Recommended,503180,25209069,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sacheverell,"I sunk double-digit hours into this game when it was still an Alpha demo, and it's only gotten better since.As with any EA title, be aware that things aren't quite balanced or ironed out 100%. That said, what is on offer is still amazingly fun: you're NotRoboCop*, a cybernetic constable in Definitely Not New Detroit*, and your job is to dish out the law. Apprehend criminals (by force, usually), search for clues, and upgrade your gear, for maximum law-dispensing efficacy.Something about the gameplay is just ridiculously addictive. Couldn't tell you if it's the over-the-top gunfights with destructible cover, or kicking people off the side of a building, or just the overall feel of the game. It just clicks, and even with the hiccups it has mid-development, I can't stop playing it.Definitely worth a look. Development has been steady, the dev(s?) are responsive and friendly, and the game is just plain fun."
76561198195063154,Recommended,503180,25192779,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Hardcore Slime Rancher,"Love it! Once you get used to the controls (wich are easy to learn) it's a blast! Although, obviously more  conent is apreciated (gernades?)but, I would apreciate some clarifacation as to how I gain the clues as to how I track down the gangs. I've got a decent idea of how (when you aprhend a target and you obtain a ""clue""). Devs did say they were going to work on plot and  such, so, hopefully this falls into that categorey.EDIT: After spending a bit more time in the game I realize how i'm supposed to gain the evidence. It all makes sense now, and I also understand the chart. Once i realized how it worked, it was pretty cool. Keep up the good work! :D OH! One last thing, AI needs some improvement. Thats all!"
76561197998364699,Not Recommended,503180,26468043,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,SavageShark,"The game is a lot of fun.  It's like a pixel scroller combination of Judge Dredd with Robocop.you unlock new gear and ammunition by REQUISITION (REQ).  Which is earned by Taking down perps (killing or live capture), Apprehending or Executing a key target (though you lose Req if you don't) and other good cop events.You patrol in your hover car in a post apocolyptic world brining order to the city, while doing so you're looking for the where abouts of a Nuclear bomb and the codes to deactivate it, all within 24 hours.The game has a good progression of introducing new thugs and keeps to a set when it comes to the various gangs of the future city.  So BioFreak Gang members tend to be mutants who can mess with your hardware and do significant melee damage.  Where as other gangs have variations of fire power.  From a pistol, a SMG, shotgun, sniper rifles and rambo machine guns.  No seriously, there is a guy who looks like a mix of Rambo and the Terminator with a big♥♥♥♥♥machine gun.At one point I even faced a mech suit.The events are random so there's never a single instance.  Even at the start you can select what kind of robo-judge your are.  The Daredevil, Keen eyed, maticulous with tech, feared by gangs, respected by gangs, etc.While all this is very very cool.  The game has some issues.The first, obvious being, it's early Access.  Which means it's still in development and not yet polished or finished.Secondly, you're doomed to fail.  You can spend hours searching for the clues and whereabouts of the bomb and the deactivation codes, but the bomb still goes off.  This is mostly on the development side, they have plans to finalize it from what I've heard.But it's still difficult and annoying as hell when you cannot find hte clues you really need.The controls are wonky and crazy at times.  Much of the aiming and firing is done while holding space bar and aiming / shooting with the mouse.  Doing this causes the camera too follow your cursor, which can be dizzying and confusing to your overal vision of the situation.  Not too mention frustrating when you're surrounded and trying to shot every which way while trying to find out ""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS HAPPENING?""The movements of your character are highly sluggish.  Wheter it's due to a need for upgrade or just bad controls, it's hard to tell.  But it can be annoying when you're character is slow on the reaction of moving away while sliding and skidding out of control, even when he's not under fire.So in summary:  I would recommend waiting until it is finished before purchasing.Pros----+ Pixel Art graphics look awesome+ High Replay value with random outcomes+ Combination of Robocop and Judge Dredd++ Great concept idea for a gameCons------ Movements are sluggish and slow- not finished (still in dev)-- Combat controls usually unresponsive in big fights-- camera controls for aiming are dizzyingI rank this a 3.5 / 5"
76561198015856732,Recommended,503180,34621672,Posted: 30 August,all,Edeinawc,"This game is an absolute masterpiece.The graphics are beyond amazing, and the attention to detail is uncanny. Even more importantly the core gameplay is there. The mechanics of moving around, shooting and doing melee feel like entire systems by themselves. You actually have to make a decision about what to do next in every given encounter, and I'm glad the controls aren't over-simplified by context sensitive actions and whatnot. It rewards proper execution and makes the linear nature of the game quite fun.About the attention to detail, welp....all the animations are amazing. The menus are a treat in themselves. Whoever played the game certainly recognizes the switch to start a mission, which took me a few minutes to figure out since it's so different from the usual ""Start mission"" button.It certainly has some jankyness to it, the melee in particular can be a bit frustrating with how characters walk around all over - even though striking is oh so satisfying. My biggest gripe is the lack control - keybinding control. For some unexplicable reason, you cannot bind an action to Mouse 4 or Mouse 5 (the side buttons). That's something I'm very used to and would be a great help given how many actions depend on directional inputs, and there aren't enough fingers in me to do that and use WASD. Just as inexplicable is how in the controllers you cannot use the analogue stick.I hope those user interface issues get fixed soon, but as it is.....gawd, this game is rich. Oh, and if you like the setting of Judge Dredd at all, then it's a must buy.PS: Another issue is the lack of mission variety, but again, since the core mechanics are so nice, you'll easily spend hours on it."
,Recommended,503180,25958967,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Kralion,"""I am a cop, you idiot."" Blared my exosuit-clad constable as I made him throw another criminal off a three-story building to their bone-snapping demise.A damn good cop."
76561198151956731,Recommended,503180,34755946,Posted: 5 September,all,no hope left,"it is good, if not laggyblame the game engine not the game dev"
76561198003316075,Recommended,503180,34884928,Posted: 11 September,all,VXV,"Damn fun game. As of writing this, you woun't find a better Judge Dredd experience."
,Recommended,503180,28856544,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BERGfu,"Nobody's innocent, citizen. We're just here to determine the level of your guilt."
,Recommended,503180,30969115,Posted: 5 April,all,Appr3h3nd3r,Best RoboCop Game Ever
,Recommended,503180,25961735,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Big Snake,"This game is a 2d beat them up, shoot them up, yell them up, Judge Dredd, Robocop Sci-fi Dystopian-esque law-enforcement sim, in which you have 24 hours to collect enough clues to save humanties last metropolis from a nuclear damn bomb. You're an augmented mother****ing Judge Dredd on a mission to beat hoodlums into a pulp, because after all, you are a cop. 10/10 Great for Early Access, even Greater when FinishedEDITED :It's now beed nearly a year since MiniLAW has been released, and now with new content, and endless mode, new enemies, I'd say the game has improved most definitely. The game now supports steam trading cards for all you badge freaks, there's now multiple crises, you can upgrade yourself in many ways as you continue, the game runs on low end computers, thank's to the frameskip option in the video menus, but if you have a good pc, disable that to get all those smooth animations that you want.Overall, I'd say that nearly a year later the game still hold's up, and if you haven't gotten it yet, you should while on say, it's most definitely worth Five to Six dollerino's."
76561198146012716,Recommended,503180,26023880,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,LOTSNESSMONSTER,"I AM THE LAW! I AM THE JUDGE,THE JURY AND EXECUTER!"
76561198050405068,Recommended,503180,25854560,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,FatGravity,"The price is fantastic. The graphics and style are 100% my jam. Sound is great, content is great, story is great. X-input controls (360 controller) are.... not great. Please shore up controller support (for example, got stuck in the car and couldn't start the mission, pressed ALL THE BUTTONS, what do?).You're still getting a thumbs up, this game is awesome. Feels like someone spent 20 years developing a game for the Sega CD, and squeezed every bit of gangster out of that system they could."
,Not Recommended,503180,33024813,Posted: 29 June,all,Swordude,"I have to say, I went into this hopeful and interested, I was thus pretty disappointed, not with the game's premise but with it's execution.Sound:-Sound is awful loud initially and you have no ability to change various parts of it individually (Talking vs. Music vs Gunfire for example) except to raise or lower master volume.-Good lord, the Shout command, it has like a dozen lines, all voiced by Microsoft Sam himlself. Considering you have to Shount inoder to advance dialog? This gets old fast. VERY fast. And you have no option to turn it off.-The NPCs make a droning sound whenever the dialog boxes are filling whic very quickly starts to grate on the ears. And again, you have no option to turn it off.+The actual music is very Cyber Punky and interesting, so there's that.Controls: (Note I played with game pad, so everything I say below I can only say applies to that)-Controls are clunky, other than an optional tutorial which seems to alternate between ""Do the action to advance"" and ""Just shout to advance"" with no rhyme or reason, there's no guidance.-The default gamepad button choices are awful. D-pad for move, seeming randomly chosen buttons to do random functions with no real regard for standard functionality or player expectation. 'A' to melee but Up D-Pad to muther-effin rocket jump yourself at speeds of Way-too-gdmn-fast. etc. Speaking of which:-You move either really slow or way, way too fast with no good middle ground. EIther you plod or you rocket, no in-between.-Menu navigation sucks. I spent 10 minutes just playing the 'Dafaq does this button do"" game trying to do things.Gameplay:-When you start you are given 3 options and I have no idea which of them is any use. Or even if they do anything at all.-The game throws you into the story with no warning of what to do or where to go. Or if I does it does so in a very easily skippable dialog box. .-The camera tries to keep you view to have 2/3 of the screen in front of knock-off robo-cop which can be very nauseating when fighting someone who will run back and forth over your character's location (Which, by the way makes it impossible to make out their health/resolve/stamina from the background)-Menu options are not easily discernible and are unexplained and with the font color choice were actually not easily able to be seen from the background at all.-From the openning screen when I can start I eventually open an equipment screen and can see stats. There is no explination of what these stats do when changed, or what my base stats are, or even if the stats matter at all for that matter.I wanted to like this game, I love Robocop, I love Bladerunner, I love love love Shadowrun. I loved Gunpoint which operates a lot the same as what this game is trying to do. I loved Steam World Heist which has a much the same aiming and movement-ish stategies as this game is attempting to do (Well, one is TTRPG the other is Action Platformer but you get my point).I want to like this game a lot, the premise was interesting and the pixel art is pretty, but I couldn't, there were just so many bad design choices made. Maybe if the devs can get it cleaned up, get the game's head on straight, do some audio tweaking and ditch that God-awful text droning I might come back and try again in the future.I really want to, please make this game worth coming back to and I will gladly, merrily, destroy this review and exhange it with a glowing, rave review on how awesome this game has became.Please."
