user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198018083635,Recommended,503350,32403674,Posted: 13 June,all,Toph,"Fun team-based survival horror game. Extremely underrated when compared to its peers(Dead By Daylight, Friday the 13th), especially considering the price."
,Recommended,503350,32081049,Posted: 31 May,all,Brain98,"To the prospective and inquisitive buyer,A little bit of background on me: I'm rather new to the online gaming scene, especially when it comes to online multiplayer games. I played a lot of them before when I was younger but eventually fell out of them when I turned 16. Now returning as a 19 year old, things have been interesting to say the least. I've played everything so far from CS:GO to DbD... and then one day my freind recommended me this game when it was in early access. Although I never played it a whole lot in earlier access or saw the changes that took place there, I did enjoy the game. Now that it is out of earlier access... I can say with 100% certainty that White Noise 2 is one of the best games I've ever played out of any genre.*First, a very very brief overview of the game itself: White Noise 2 is a thrilling addition to the 4v1 Survival Horror genre that really puts its focus on team play. The team of 4 is a group of ""investigators"" who are investigating a paranormal event for their own various reasons. Their job is to collect 8 ""clues"" that come in the form of Cassette tapes, a magical chest that you have to press three buttons to open, a light prism that can only be broken by shining your flashlight on it for some time, mysterious Grimories  (books of spell) that you must ""read,"" and a mysterious rift that must be closed. Each of the investigators have their own stats and support different playstyles. Do you want to be a lone wolf and find clues on your own? Or do you want to be a team player? The choice is yours. Your teammates are your lifeline in the fight against the creature and conversely you are theirs as the only way you can stop the monster is by ""stunning"" them with a flashlight. This will cause the monster to teleport after a few seconds to start the hunt again.As a monster player (the ""1"" in the 4v1) your job is to hunt the investigators. You can choose from up to 5 different monster types that each have their own powers. You must grab each survivor a maximum of 3 times to completly ""devour"" them, turning them into a ghost. Once all 4 investigators have been ""devoured"", you win.*Everything I like about White Noise 2 can be summed up in three words: Devs, Community, and Replayability.The devs in this game are top tier and I'm surprised I haven't heard about them before. They are incredibly active in the steam forums and respond to nearly every thread that is posted with meaningful information. They take the ideas presented in these forums to heart and changes that many players feel would benefit the game as a whole often find their way into future updates. Every Monday, they post statistics about the game showing win/loss rates for each investigator and monster depending on rank. Every Friday, they add something new to the game in the forum of an update. The product and environment they have set within the game itself is exquitely riveting and rather freaky when you first start playing the game. Everything from the noises in the background of each map to the striking visuals is simply astounding for the genrous price tag.I have to say (coming from DbD...) that the WN2 community is probably one of the most helpful communities out there right now. There is very little salt to be found anywhere because the game itself doesn't promote that kind of atmosphere. No matter what happens in game, win or lose, you'll still earn some expereince towards leveling up. There will always be a few who will be upset with a loss, but it is usually forgotten about quickly. Not to mention, every player on the forums has given me great insight into how the game itself is played and some useful tips for completly mastering the game itself. They even played a few matches with me when I was still getting my feet wet to help me out. If you get the chance, I would highly recommend checking out the community made guides. All in all, the best thing you can do for yourself in this game is to get involved in the community and learn everything you can from them. You'll be surprised how good you'll get.For my final point, I have to say this game is extremely replayable. You'll never get bored playing it. Every match is unique as you join forces with different players who use different characters (monster or investigator.) There is a level system in the where, after each game, you earn experience towards leveling up. As you level up, more characters and flashlights become available to you, adding to the game's depth. There is so much to explore in this game in regards to flashlight/investigator combos, monster/idol combos, map layouts, clue locations, etc that even after you surpass 100 hours you'll be back for more.I hope what I have said has made a positive impact on your decison to buy this game. In my opinion, the game is worth much more than they are asking for it even with the DLCs tacked on. You won't regret buying it and who knows... it could end up being one of your favorite games of all time.-Brain98EDIT: My review hasn't changed all that much I just removed my part about the How to Everything guide. It did help me through my newb days, but it's become outdated now and was a point of contention amongst players who believed it shaped the meta too much. Therefore I figured it was best to leave that part out. Still a great game and I still plan on playing it for a long time."
76561197960976461,Recommended,503350,33731865,Posted: 22 July,all,Geff,"I don't get why so many people with less than 3 hours played write reviews and people trust in that kind of reviews.So after having played a bit more hours, my review:Short description:4 investigators vs 1 monster (each can be controlled by players) in a complete dark map. investigators have to find 8 clues, after that delete 8 sigils to win the game. monster has to catch all the ivnestigators to win. Each investigator can survive 2 caughts after being out of the game. This means monster has to catch rather often. The only way ivnestigators can defend is to put their flashlights on the monster's face and run away, after a few secs monster will vanish then. There are 16 different investigators, 7 maps and 6 different monsters that can be chosen. Each investigator has different values (e.g. different speed, endurance, exploration,..) and also specific advantages and disadvantages. Each monster has 3 different abilities. There are different items for investigators aswell for the monster.reviewPro:- rather big variety: many possible invetigators, monsters, maps, items.- high skill ceiling: after having understood basics, you can use many tactics and can still learn a lot.- high replayability: because of big variety it makes fun to test new tactics with each different investigator- a real coop game: vs experienced monsters you can only win when you have a good teamwork.- fear factor: it can be freaky to sneak around with lights off being alone.- active devs: almost each week there is an update and devs are very busy in finding out what players want.- more or less friendly community. compared to other games it is rather good.cons:- as beginner it is a bit hard. It is normal that monster wins vs beginners very often. Don't get frustrated because of that. It is a coop game, so you need to have good teamwork to win vs monster. Otherwise it would be boring.- still a rather small community. -> so buy it ;)- few people said it can become boring. For me it was only a very few times. After not having played a few days I wanted to play it again ;). Furthermore in future a competetive mode is planned."
,Recommended,503350,26253395,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,I be Zappin,"OverView: White Noise 2 is and asymetric 4v1 co-operative horror experience. It requires 4 investigators to track down and collect 8 casette tapes akin to something like slenderman. The creatures job is to track down and 'Devour' the investigators before they complete their objective.Playing as the CreatureThe experience is very well done on both sides. Playing as the creature you feel quite powerful and it is very fun to track down the investigators using abilities like a compass that points to the nearest investigator but requires a cooldown, burst of speed useful when closing large distances that just isn't possible with it's rather slow move speed. once you find an investigator, it isn't all hack and slash, it requires a certain degree of tact. When you get within range of an investigator you will grab them and after a few seconds they will be killed, but you are very susceptible to light, if you just run up to a group of investigators and grab one they will simply shine you with their lights and you will be teleported away, the investigators relatively unharmed. Due to your weakness to light, possibly the most useful ability is lights out, which shuts off all the investigators lights temporarily, the perfect moment to strike since they will be completely helpless. Stalking and finding the investigators can be a bit arduos at times. This is helped by idols which you walk up to and power which let you know when an investigator is nearby, but if you feel nowhere near anyone you can use his teleport ability to be transported to the general area of the investigators, close enough to be able to find them without much trouble, but far enough away that you won't be right in front of them. Overall the creature feels well thought out and balanced, it isn't overly easy to kill investigators, but you are certain to kill atleast 2 if you play right.Playing as the Investigator.As an investigator you will spawn with your up to 3 other team mates. all armed with flashlights you must explore the maze of hallways in an abandoned hospital, or the empty wilderness of the forest. the game is quite dark and so it is very hard to navigate without the use of your trusty flashlight. Using the flashlight however makes it easier for the creature to find you, so it is advised to mostly walk in the dark with a flash of your light every once in a while to get your bearings. as a survivor you have a compass ability similar to the creature, but it points to nearby tapes. When you are close to a tape it will make a static noise allowing you to find it with relative ease once you can hear it. If you ever get separated from the group, you can yell and you will be highlighted to your friends for a few seconds, but also to the creature, so it is advised to only yell when you are completely split up. Now the reason it is bad to be split up is that you are very vulnerable to the creature as if you get grabbed by him, then there will be no one around to rescue you and you will quickly perish. The need to stick with your team really concretes the need to be a team player, sorry, but rambos will not fair well in this game. If you do end up getting killed by the creature, then the game isn't over for you. You become a ghost, all your teamates are revealed to you and you move much faster than them. You have the same compass as them but it is on a faster cooldown. You also have a form of nightvision which makes navigating a breese. Your primary role as a ghost is to look for the tapes, and lead your team to them as you cannot pick them up yourself. The only draw back is that you can in no way see the creature, so it is very possible to lead your team into a trap. Overall the investigator is very fun and very scary, looking down a dark coridoor gives you a sense of dread as to where the creature is.The Gameplay.The gameplay is a very enjoyable experience, the environment is very pretty on higher settings but can be adgusted ti support lower end computers. there are very few bugs and no animation or gra[hical glitches that take away from the experience. It is very imersive and the game even tells you to play in the dark with the volume up. The ambient sounds are nice but I would like more, the hospital for example will bump and thump(you will understand this more when you play it) but I feel there is a bit more to be desired in the way of ambients sounds.The price.I feel that the price of 8 dollars is fantastic for the state and quality of the game, if not a bit underpriced.Playerbase.At the moment there are few players in the game but as this review was made on the first day of release that is sure to change especially considering this games low price. Nonetheless, there are no huge wait times and the longest time to wait i've had is 5-7 minutes for a full lobby of 5. At the moment the comunity is very nice, all the players are friendly and I have never had any disgruntled players. I would say this is one of the best comunities in a game I have seen.Leveling System.When you finish a game you will be awarded points for contributing to the team, such as getting a tape and saving a team mate. the points will level you up once you have enough and this unlocks new costumes for investigators and creatures, unlocks new survivors and creatures, and unlocks new types of flashlights. At the moment there are about 10 playable investigators(4 unlocked at the start) and 2 playable creatures(1 unlocked at the start) each character has 4 different skins which are unlocked by leveling up. New creatures and investigators are sure to be added over the course of development as confirmed by the devs(I believe).ProsGreat visualsBalanced and fun gameplay on both sidesSystem of unlocking new things by leveling upgood customization and choice of charactersEncourages team playConsNeeds more ambient soundsCurrently a small player base but bound to change since this was made on release dayNot much else to say, this game started strong and has plenty of room to grow.I highly recomend this game and give it a 9.5/10 Very few things that could be improved. A definate must buy."
,Recommended,503350,26364759,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Delta Eagle,"This game is very spooky and great to play with friends. My friends and I used to play the first one (White Noise Online) on Xbox 360, so we were excited to get the second one on steam and we played it on Halloween and we all got spooked."
76561198077881690,Recommended,503350,32320303,Posted: 10 June,all,aregeny,"I don't write reviews typically, but I'm willing to make a review for this game.White noise 2 is a horror themed game, and it can definitely deliver on that. With all the darkness in the game, combined with not only the ambience and occasional environmental soundFX, but also the fact that you're always on the lookout for the creature, while collecting various clues, some of which appear supernatural such as the rift, the game most certainly has an eriee horror vibe.You can also play as the creature in White Noise 2, devouring investigators. In white noise 2, creature play tends to be more of a stalker, that goes in when it feels most opportune to attempt an assault on the investigators.However, the game does have a bit of a skill curve, and having game knowledge will certainly win you matches. There are various resources available that can help you get started though, so you're not completely clueless on what to do, and how to do it.Moving on, the graphics aren't the the ""cream of the crop"", but they are definitely nice enough that you usually won't be distracted by them.There is also an unlock system in the game, where as you play the game, you are awarded exp at the end of a match. This exp goes towards leveling you up, and as you level up, you unlock new skins, investigators, creatures, flashlights, and idols. The things you unlock by leveling up can allow for multiple playstyles, you could split from the group and be very sneaky, while also collecting clues on your own and speeding up the game. You could be a guard for the investigator team, protecting the leader, defending against the creature, and making risky plays. For the creature, you can go full aggressive and rushdown the investigators. You can plan ambushes and perform such ambushes more often with the right build. The possibilities, while certainly not endless, are definitely plentiful.There's also DLC for this game, the currently available DLC as of June 10 2017 don't blatantly add in overpowered investigators, creatures, idols, or flashlights, as the vanilla options tend to be on par, or better than them. The DLC choices do allow for new interesting playstyles however.Now going to my personal standpoint, I find this game to be rather enjoyable, even moreso with the right people. One really good thing I find with this game, is the community. The community tends to be very civil, and also chill. The developers are also pretty involved with the community, as they respond to plenty of threads on forums. Every friday they  also push out an update, which either adds in new content, fixes various bugs, changes to mechanics for balance, or adds in new mechanics. Such updates can always shake up the game balance, and making various tactics more viable, or put certain tactics more inline with others. I feel that for now, the game balance is pretty swell, as investigators and creature at high level play both have a fair chance of winning.There are two downfalls to this game though, one major and one minor. The major one is that the population is somewhat lacking. You do need to play this game during peak times, to find a multiplayer match reliably. Aside from that, the game's pretty solid. The minor downfall is that there is a small grind in this game, now the grind itself isn't really the issue, but rather what the grind rewards you with is. As you move up the levels in this game, you unlock flashlights, creatures, skins, idols, investigators that can really up your odds of winning a match. Skill can only do so much before you need to have the proper build to really make things happen. Aside from the two downfalls, the game is pretty solid.Overall, for just 10 dollars, you get something that's practically worth atleast double or triple the cost, possibly even more. The DLCs are also pretty cheap, and are mostly worth more than they're priced at. As long as you're willing to put in some time to get to know the basics of the game, and come on at peak times or have a group of friends, the game's pretty solid.If I were to rate this game, I'd give it near perfect."
76561198166425665,Recommended,503350,34958352,Posted: 14 September,all,AggressivePeanut,"<Pros>- Sound/light effect are movie-like enjoyment, esp the glowstick...Spicy~- Can still get jump scares after 200hours- Well-optimised (utra settings - ""gtx 970+ i7 4790"" - stable 90fps)- Bugs got patched within a week once found (5 man studio)- Both fun to be single/ co-op........................................................................................................................<Cons>- Art design of the human faces aren't attractive- Skill ceiling is high due to lots of hidden mechanics- Low playerbase (relied on word of mouth marketing)- Power of kicking out players is on host only- No ranked mode........................................................................................................................p.s. Discount on this game is rare, but I still think it worths full price."
76561198091786007,Recommended,503350,28326854,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Conflicting Paradigm,"Probably one of the best 4v1 horror games out there, despite being in early access. Like most  4v1 horror games, the learning curve is especially steep for beginners, and this will turn a lot of people away from the game, but if you do stick around it truly is a gem to hold on to.This game is only in early access too, which means the full release will probably be even better!"
,Recommended,503350,32825246,Posted: 26 June,all,Nexiu,I always find it fun to be terrified by naked dudes.
76561198150154644,Recommended,503350,34159123,Posted: 10 August,all,Jin,"I recommend this game to people who love slow-burn horror movies. I love the amount of effort and thought put into each level design, character design, character stats, and atmosphere. It's very different and I love that as well, the fact that the playerbase is small at the moment only adds to my own personal enjoyment, because other asymmetrical multiplayer horror games are getting boring, or the community quickly turns toxic. It's horrific on a visceral level in part thanks to the first person point of view you have as either the investigator or the monster. It forces you to look back and around to see if your fellow investigators are nearby to help you if you're grabbed. This leads me to my next point of praise. This game inspires a sense of teamwork. Staying close and nearby doesn't guarantee your safety, but it does increase your chance of survival. It also goes to say that they update and fix any bugs fairly frequently and often!You also have a respectable number of objectives to complete, so it's not easy, but not entirely impossible. Again if you like tension, suspense, and slow-burn type of movies and games, this is a gem you need to pick up!"
76561198116289188,Recommended,503350,34334665,Posted: 18 August,all,yohthao,"White Noise 2 is a fantastic asymmetrical horror game that pits the investigators against a creature of another dimension. A horror game that will have you clenching your teeth and hoping the creature doesn't grab you. I've literally become addicted to this game because of how much scared my pants I get whenever I'm alone. I mean, how can you not get scared when your teammates get picked off one by one, and you end up being the only survivor?The unique thing about White Noise 2 is you can play any role and you'll still end up helping your team. Banishing the creature is the key goal, however it may come with sacrifices.There are minor issues when it comes to visual bugs such as the creature grabbing an investigator but the investigator was about 5m or more away before being pulled back magically.All in all, I would definitely recommend this game to everyone who wants to play a horror game. It is a game exceptionally well done and good developers."
76561198246385922,Recommended,503350,26374890,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Dan,Good alternative for laxatives.
,Recommended,503350,30289881,Posted: 2 March,all,Shadowchao121,"Great game, great concept. Needs more players. Trust me, it's worth it."
,Recommended,503350,30577172,Posted: 17 March,all,Jarnbjorn,"Not really a fan of these 1 v all games having been disappointed with Evolve and Dead By Deadlight (For perfomance issues and price). White Noise 2 however is the exception and I really do think this game is worth every penny.Pros:-Smooth gameplay.-Solo mode is challenging and the scares are usually genuine.-Co op (Players vs Computer) is actually also challenging!-Custom game mode or as I like to call it... how to lose your friends or hate them depending on who is the monster.-Maps are great! Quite challenging and range from wall to wall to open spaces.-Good level of customization on both humans and monsters. But more importantly flashlights!-Really well balanced. Monsters can actually kill things and humans can actually fight back (sorta).-WORTH the price. Started out at €8 for early access. For the full game its gone up a miniscule amount of €2, making it now €10 for a game exactly half the price of others in the genre and means you don't have to break the bank to get a fun game.-The devs are still working on the game and not just going down the ""Lets throw DLC asap"" route.-The community is great, I have yet to encounter a toxic person in the game.-Hannah is capable of out running the Flash, you heard it here first.Cons: (Note..to be honest I dont have a real complaint of this game, but in the interest of fairness i'm going to just point these out anyway.)-Few monsters.-Few maps.-Limited game modes.-Small community. Again not major but more players would be nice. <b> However </b> Now that the game has been released it is now getting more players in so in time I may remove this Con.I strongly recommend anyone with a bit of money to spare, anyone who was disappointed or can't run DBD or just fans of the genre to pick it up. It's worth full price but it's a must if it ever goes on sale. 10/10"
,Recommended,503350,31288554,Posted: 21 April,all,Monto,"I like it, it's got an awesome feel, spooky atmosphere, and amazing scenery. Some Creatures are a bit too powerful, but they are actively balancing new and old Creatures to match new things being put in.The Humans must work togeher to win. This means sticking together if you're not playing a stealthy character, and watching eachothers back. Go through the level and gather 8 clues in order to banish the Creature out of this realm and win the match, or die trying and be devoured alive by darkness itself.If you wanna check out ASTAROTH I got my first gameplay with him here!:https://youtu.be/jsVUYQZa_fUCHeck it out, if you enjoyed PICK IT UP! We need a bigger community!"
76561198068778306,Recommended,503350,26253313,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Scoobie101,"Hmm... where to begin? How about with the original White Noise Online ( for comparison reasons ). So, the first game consisted of following your friends around in a slender-like wooded area while blindly searching for tapes with the speed of a slug. Honestly, I wasn't a huge fan of the original one. ( Sorry devs ) There just wasn't much to do outside of wandering around and sometimes seeing a monster and fleeing. ( I played the original on XBOX 360, hence why it isn't in my Steam library ) But this one is SUCH an improvement! Seriously, it's hard to believe this is the same game series! EDIT: I bought it on Steam to support the devs, so it IS in my Steam library now :PNow there's a compass to let you know where the tapes are so you don't wander aimlessly for up to an hour, there's a scream/yell option for when you get separated from your team ( The yelling alerts your friends, but also the monster ), you can throw glow sticks ( Which btw have the SEXIEST PHYSICS EVER ) to light the way and hold back the monster, and you get awarded points for doing things like picking up batteries and tapes, making you feel a LOT more accomplished at the end of a match, even if you die and even when you do die, you can come back as a spooky ghost who can help find tapes and destroy Idols ( Idols are like totems that alert the monster of your location when you're near them, and ghosts can only find tapes, they can't pick them up, instead they have to alert their friends of where it is by yelling ).AND all of this goes for the new feature of a playable monster as well! In the previous game, the monster wasn't playable, and even though it was the first time something like this has been put in the series, it's integration was practically flawless! The monster is equally as fun ( if not, a touch more ) than playing investigators. However, if I dipped into monster game play too, this review would be a LOT longer and I'd ruin quite a few new mechanics that even old White Noise Online players won't know about. Since. Y'know. Playing as the monster is all new.AND if that wasn't enough to convince you to buy it, the points you earn in a match acts as XP and goes towards your in game level, and the higher your level, the more things you'll unlock. You can unlock new characters, flashlights, and monsters ( Each with their own unique stats ) and even new skins for your characters, so you can die in style.It's a great game I would most definitley recommend it!TL;DR: Lots of fun and new game play mechanics that weren't in the original game, cool new progression system, and a new option to play as a monster. Would recommend."
,Recommended,503350,26261225,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Standemonium!!,"I had never played the previous white noise game, or even heard of them. Pretty straight-forward game. There are up to 4 survivors, and one monster. The survivors have to find 8 randomly spawned tapes that make a white noise (HAH! title plug!) inside of a rather large map, while the monster has to find them and MURDER THEIR FACES OFF!! Ahem... The survivors are equipped with a flashlight of their choosing (after unlocking more), a compass, and a throwable glow stick. The glow sticks have a recharge time, so you'd best use them wisely. The survivors use light to burn the monster so they can escape, or force it to retreat by teleportation. The monster stalks their prey with moves like invisibility, sprint burst, and disabling flashlights for a short time. The monster also can create a pod that creates the white noise in order to lure the survivors over, or to distract them from the actual tapes. Any survivor that dies still gets to hang around and help the living by breaking traps, and pointing out tapes. There is more to it, but that's the simple basics of it.Obligatory Dbd comparison BelowComparing this to Dead By Daylight is kind of tough, considering right out the gate the game is half the price of dbd when it first came out. Dbd had way more maps at launch, but it was riddled with bugs. Whereas WN2 is actually very well polished and I THINK it has a single player offline mode, which is dbd does not, and probably will not. I had only one bug in my almost 6 hours of play. It also has way more survivor characters to choose from (but only two monsters so far). Dbd gives you some really good tension when the killer is looking for you. But I've got to say that my first round of WN2 scared the hell out of me in a way that only games like outlast, amnesia, and layers of fear have. The tension I had knowing this screaming beast with a stretchy mouth, and a human player brain really got to me lol. Considering this game is a sequel to an Xbox 360 game, that means it already has a fan base, and cant really be following dbd. But that doesn't mean dbd didn't breathe new life into this genre and probably inspired the devs to bring this back. And so far the community has been really really nice, you can really cheese the killer with jumping through windows constantly, but you totally can voice chat TO the monster. In the end, I'd say dbd still takes the cake, but this game is totally worth the price tag. If you are a fan of dbd, and you have 8 bucks to spend, I'd ay it's worth it now.For being an early access multiplayer horror game, I thought it was well worth the 8 bucks I spent on it.. I look forward to seeing what else they do with the game in the future."
,Recommended,503350,34380283,Posted: 20 August,all,David Park,"Only played this game for 12 hours or so and I'm already hooked. I've played a lot of Dead by Daylight and Friday the 13th. Both games are fun at times and has a lot of action, but I think this game beats both in atmosphere and actual tension while playing it. The maps are dark, truly dark, and without a flashlight it's quite terrifying. Noises add onto the tension, along with the fact that it's hard to ""cheese"" or ""loop"" a creature in this game. Playing once or twice as the creature, I actually felt like I was having fun. Even when I got stunned and had to teleport, I knew that I would still be able to come back from it. I didn't have trolly t-bagging investigators (because you can't do that anyways) because the game is designed to ""stun and run"". You can't just stand there, unafraid of the monster, and expect to just survive as long as possible.What I also love is that even after death, you have some role you can play to help the remaining as a ghost, finding idols to banish, things to help point out, and the ghostly flame to slow down the creature.If you want a game that has little salt in the community, good tense atmosphere, on top helpful devs, and don't mind a small player base? This is the game for you."
,Recommended,503350,31568106,Posted: 5 May,all,Shine,"Very good/cheap alternative to DbD till Friday the 13th comes out since as the gameplay itself is better and less buggy + nice free updates.However, i can only personally fully recommend it for a close group of friends as trying to host a room from solo can be frustrating if not at peak hours. Join the discord group (seen in community hub) if you want a better LFG experience / advice.For new buyers, take note a portion of the existent playerbase is already quite experienced and going in fresh without guidance can be a really frustrating experience. Do go through the tutorial written / video guides to have an idea of what to do in general (e.g. stun and run from monster), otherwise watch a playthrough by delirious/ohmwrecker for a very basic but entertaining semi-guide.P.S. Some people tend to hog monster roles and not share with newcomers, and pugging as a monster can have very varying wait-times especially not during peak times/sales period (hosting is impossible if you have connection issues etc) <- Which is why i HEAVILY prefer the Friday 13th's system of RNG choosing Jason for PUG sessions.Most likely the playerbase will dwindle once Friday 13th's out (have to admit, it has MORE publicity and equally good or better devs). So best off to try this before 26th May for a better experience. Still, props to the devs for a better DbD...why no neutral recommendation :("
76561198154029976,Recommended,503350,32562460,Posted: 19 June,all,The 9th,"I don't know why the assymetrical horror games are having a comeback (i.e. Dead by Daylight, Friday the 13th etc) but White Noise 2 is an excellent addition to them.The gameplay is exactly what it should be and exactly what it promises.The First person view is a bonus.Flashlight is a double edged knife and yet it points out to you what the game is all about. Atmosphere!This game nails this part!Character design is absolutely hilarious but not something off-putting. The monsters are kinda balanced, but the dev team seems very dedicated and they continuously add more and more things.You just gather your scooby team and start searching for clues in the creepy environments the game offers.Theres even AI options if you want to play as the monster or as an investigator.Another plus is the customization which is very well done! Everything you change and combine eventually has a result, whether you want to play as the bravest of the brave or the stealthiest of them.For the monster goes the same thing. Go full head on, or for a stealthier approach and pick them off one by one like ripe fruit from a very enticing tree.I can't stress how dedicated the dev team is and how responsive they are to the community. Keep it up devs.One downside though, not many players... and that's the ONLY downside.Overall 8/10!Also did I mention that the price is ridiculously low? If you want to pay full price still good. On a sale though? Absolutely yes!!!"
,Recommended,503350,31009278,Posted: 7 April,all,SINphul,"TL;DR: Absolutely a buy at this price point, with as much fun as I've been having with it.White Noise 2 is an asymetric, competitive survival horror game. Four players take the role of investigators, while one player takes the role of a monster. The goal of the investigators is to collect enough information to find and destroy the totem that summoned the monster. The monster's goal is to, of course, eat all of the investigators.In concept, it's very similar to Dead by Daylight and the upcoming Friday the 13th. However, I find this game to be more enjoyable, more polished and housing a much better community than the aforementioned games. There's a bit more for survivors and monsters to do, and that makes it more fun and interesting overall. I enjoy the cartoony art style for the character models as well.My minor critiques on the game would include the inability to disable motion blur as a separate option (it is grouped into the larger ""graphics settings"" option, and activated when set to very high; thanks Scoobie101). Monsters are also a bit overpowered at the moment, in my opinion, but this is easily patched, and for now I'm enjoying the challenge. Finally, there is a small bug in the options menu that may cause your key bindings to be reset, and another that prevents you from readying-up in a game lobby.Those minor issues aside, I definitely recommend picking this up."
,Recommended,503350,31053167,Posted: 9 April,all,Paraturtle,"+In depth statistics that alter characters+Tons of characters to unlock+Tons of character skins to unlock that alter statistics which is, essentially, expanding the character roster+Creatures cannot be killed but can be deterred making for engaging gameplay as you are watching every move to preserve your life+In depth Flashlight system where different kinds can be used for different jobs.+Creature adapts to the many defences Investigators propose which means the longer you play, the harder it gets.+4 Creatures to play, each with unique abilities making for different strategies+5 maps each with a completely different vibe making every experience different+Great Co-Op mechanics forcing teams to work together+Great solo play mechanics making it possible to split up and still make progress+Resourceful item system that makes everything you find helpfulEDIT: More positives+in game chat system that makes for speedy responses (think L4D2 scroll wheel) as well as contextual response. Near a clue but don't have time to type? Press V and it will be posted in chat for you, alerting other users.+Cross team chat. This is way more fun than you may think. The monster will hear and see everything but it really doesn't matter because he either A) Sees you anyway or B) a character perk makes it so the monster couldn't find you to begin with.-Extremely small player base. When I played tonight there were 70 people online in total. This didn't make it impossible to find a game, rather, I found a game near immediately (and have been since buying it on the 9th), but it does worry me. That said, when you find a game, everyone usually stays simply because there isn't anywhere else to go.-Map designs are repetative and illogical. It adds a labrynthian feel but doesn't quite jive with me. Makes it easy to get lost to the point of artificual game-lengthening.EDIT: The labrynthian aspect has become something I thoroughly enjoy. I, personally, would consider this a positive now but I will keep it as a negative as newcomers may find it offputting.-Weird animations or lack of animations at times, but never invasive in the gaming experience.- + Compass reset takes a LONG time. This is not necessarily bad but not always good. I played with a team where only 1 other guy had a mic, the other two didn't. The other dude and I could trade off who used their compass but the other two weren't typing so there wasn't much we could ask them to do. It made our last game go on for a long time as we searched for the last clue. This is a GOOD thing because it made us work together but it was a BAD thing because it took so long to reset the cool down.EDIT: This is actually a statistic thing. I did not know this. Depending on your character, if your Exploration stat is high, the Compass cool down is MUCH faster. This, in turn, makes this a positive and NOT a negative.If anything, the issues for this game primarily arise in miscommunication and lack of players. Otherwise, for the price and the amount of content for a purely multiplayer experience, this game is a blast. Unlike Dead by Daylight, this game is much slower but just as intense. And, the fact you can actually 'combat' the Creatures by flashing them with your light makes it equally intense for Creatures and Investigators.The price alone should have caught your attention and no doubt this game will land on sale sometime soon. Definitely pick this baby up.EDIT #2:I saw that they have an inexpensive DLC for a new creature. A little bothered that this isn't a free character, but with how cheap he is, I didn't feel bad buying him. I'm hoping that this isn't the start of a trend where we see new things come out that are strictly DLC. I'm eager to see free content updates that feel significant, which includes new items, skins, etc.Fingers crossed that we don't see this become a trend. If it does, at least the game works real well, is initially inexpensive, and is tons of fun."
76561198014530911,Recommended,503350,29953643,Posted: 15 February,all,krazykid805,Simplicity meets extreme teamwork. I bought this game along with 2 other friends and I couldn't be happier with the price! We started figurinmg out the game and we anxiously wait to play it with each other almost every day! I recommend this game to anyone!
,Recommended,503350,26546172,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ancutsel,"Very new game but really good.Scary and more realistic game for me.I scream a lot and jumpscares made me nervous.Game need more update , balance and rework on characters and maps but they have very good start!I really suggest this game , i bought for my friends to gift.We really scared and had fun. Scenes and other things are awesome.Darkness makes you more scared and you have to use flashlight with compass.In the night i cannot play this game alone.Hopes get more update with good themes maps etc.Worth for paying and spending your time.Good luck!"
,Recommended,503350,30929388,Posted: 3 April,all,BeastBoyKingKong,"A fun and cheap 4v1 (investigators vs monster) game.The purpose of this game varies depending on which role you play.INVESTIGATORS1. Each investigators have their own special abilities (speed, stealth, etc.), and the different kind of lights have their pros and cons (battery life span, reach of light, etc.).2. Purpose: find the eight clues and attain them. Once you attain the eight clues, you have to destroy the eight items of the monster in order to kill it. When you are in the stage of destroying monster items, the monster can see your every movements.MONSTER1. Kill all four of the investigators before they find the 8 clues and destroy the 8 monster items.2. Your weakness is light, and each monster have different abilities.CONS1. There may be times of inactivity or lack of players online.2. It can get repetitive and boring.OVERALL: 6.5/101. This game is fun to play with friends or even with online players.2. It is more of a slowpaced game than a fast pace one (not necessarily a bad thing).3. Worth it for its price, and even better if you are able to get it on sale.4. Great graphics and gameplay; never encountered bugs or anything bad about the game.5. Very challenging for investigators. The monster will win majority of the time, which is a good thing, and makes the game replayable because investigators will want to beat the monster. I so far have not beat a monster yet.6. AI Monster is very challenging and not dumb.White Noise 2 is a good game, especially for its price. It is fun, good quality, and has little to no errors or bugs. However, it is not an amazing game. It will keep you entertained, but it will not create late-night awesome memories of you and your friends. Definitely doesn't hurt having it in your game collections."
,Recommended,503350,26307315,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DreamZ™Zaranosa,If you like Dead By Daylight you will love this and this does make you Jump! lots of potiential great fun so far .
,Recommended,503350,28146490,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Caziban,"White Noise 2 is a unique 4v1 asymmetrical horror experience where a group of investigators need to traverse one of (currently) three distinct, vast, and well-designed maps to acquire eight scattered tapes to reveal a mysterious altar which banishes the monster when destroyed.White Noise 2 offers a prominent cast of characters with even a more impressive selection of pairable flashlights, each with their own special stats, such as stealth, battery management, bravery, and speed for the investigators; spread, endurance, and exploration for the flashlights (""Flashlights"" is a bit of a misnomer here considering about a third of the (currently) 18 available forms of light are actual flashlights. The majority are varied forms of light; such as lanterns, cell phones, and even cinema spotlights). Such a diverse set of investigators and flashlights enable distinct and varied playstyles from game to game. Will you build yourself to better handle encounters with the monster with speed and endurance or will you opt to investigate the map as rapidly as possible by maximizing your exploration and battery management?On the other hand, playing as the monster in White Noise 2 offers a chance to outsmart and outplay up to four investigators who (unjustly) wish to banish you from your rightful domain. Attack the investigators by placing traps that disable their flashlights, activate abilities that teleport you right behind your victims, or even summon deceiving decoys which emulate tapes to lead your prey astray. Much like the investigators, the terrors in White Noise 2 sport their own metrics, like light resistance, horror, and perception, which enables strategic counter-play based on the investigators you expect to consume.White Noise 2 offers a wide variety of content to utilize and an impressive depth to explore as you learn the intricacies of this intense cat and mouse experience. As it stands in Early Access, White Noise 2 exceeds expectations and will sit in a special place in your gaming library as a solid go-to game when it's late at night and you and your friends are looking to finish it off with something that's both paradoxically casual and competitive. For the (incredibly) modest price of $8, White Noise 2 is a steal while offering a totally unique gaming experience that combines tactical gameplay, horror, and replay value that'll leave you coming back again, and again, and again."
76561197975598508,Recommended,503350,26369537,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Orange_(╭ರᴥ•́),"As a monster, i find flashlights offensive.To be honest the only downside to this game is there isn't enough people playing."
76561198238376196,Recommended,503350,26344241,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,droidboys,"This game does the first one justice and exceeds all of my expectations. It improves on every single thing it could improve upon from the first game. Graphics are great, sounds are scary, gameplay is smooth (especially being this early on release). It kept me on my toes and that is what I hoped for. A little difficult to find people but that will come with time. Well done I can tell all the effort that was put into this game. I will be sharing this with many people to bring more players. It really deserves more players. Well worth the price!On a side note could you guys put in a crouch ability? I think that would make hiding all the more fun, thanks!"
,Recommended,503350,31008801,Posted: 7 April,all,The Definite Integral,Great game. Monster is a little strong at the moment. Player base is almost empty.Please buy this game.
,Recommended,503350,28829652,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,WEGAMER™ csgobounty.com,It's a good games but the servers are DEAD!
,Recommended,503350,26255311,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GraviterX,"I played White Noise Online and expected this to be a somewhat better version with not many spooksThere are alot of spooksI don't know what the hell these devs did in the past 3 years, but this game is one of the best horror games I've ever played, and I'm ready to say one of the best games I've ever played."
76561198094863617,Recommended,503350,30644471,Posted: 20 March,all,fraerok Dominick,"So, this is one of that games which deserve have more price. Developers really do their work well and bring updates by updates. So, i think i would pay more than i did. And if you see that it's early access, don't be scared because the game is already pretty good."
76561198128974437,Recommended,503350,32633972,Posted: 21 June,all,shobbs001,it is worth the 9 bucks. super fun/ scary at first. great game replacement if ur pc cant run friday 13 or dead by daylight.
,Recommended,503350,26549904,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,YieldingBusiness,"The premise is similar to its predecessor, White Noise Online: you collect eight clues scattered around the map and evade the monster hunting you down. With a load of new mechanics and items, from glowsticks to compasses, from decoys to light traps, and with the Creature now playable, this game can get pretty competitive. New customization allows you to tailor your skin (both as an Investigator and the Creature), flashlights, and idols; almost all of this will be locked away by a leveling system, so grind away! Each Investigator and Creature have their own advantages and weaknesses which can tell the difference between life or death.The game runs surprisingly well on my old computer, staying at a silky smooth 30 FPS on the lowest settings (at least for me); the graphics are nice and portray a deserted place where no one dares to tread. My only con of this game so far is that, like every game of the genre, the game gets less scary the more you play, as it's pretty much the same thing over and over. This game is pretty swell if you fancy competitive gameplay with horror aspects.Edit #1: Updated review to reflect current state of game"
76561197970262750,Recommended,503350,33145763,Posted: 2 July,all,Eguzky,"Only fun with friends.I need to start off saying that. My first game was against 2 people split-screening (they had the same name and same icon) and I assume all 4 were in discord together, because I NEVER GOT CLOSE to them.If I broke their flashlights, they were ready to spin around and throw flashbangs and glowsticks.They never left walking as a 4-man pack.They never got distracted by my decoys.It was pretty much a match of me doing nothing at all fun while they marched around, found every Clue, and then split up and broke every shard..or whatever..in under 3 seconds.So only get this if you ahve 4 friends who also want a fun horror game.If solo-q'ing; avoid this. Sorry."
,Recommended,503350,28835041,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Vox,Loved Damned and Dead by Daylight. In my opinion this game reminds me a lot of Damned but without all the bugs and more than half the price.
,Recommended,503350,33674743,Posted: 20 July,all,EZIO242,so i played a couple games with my friends and i personally don't enjoy it and i am going to refund it but dont take this as a sign of a bad game. the game is solidly made and i think others may like it. the developers are still working on it.Pros:Great atmosphereLots of creatures and investigators to choose fromDont have to be shackled to your teamConsquite repetitive (for me personally not for others)Some monsters feel a bit better than others e.g. one of the dlc monsters (the doll) can stand in light with not problems due to a skillthe level difference tips the scale extremely heavily.overall solid game just not for me.Leaving a positive as i feel others will enjoy it.
,Recommended,503350,27734059,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nelorzoul,"""White Noise 2,"" at the low price point of $7.99, is quite a surprise. The game plays somewhat similarly to games like ""Damned"" or ""Dead by Daylight,"" if you're familiar with either of those games. Don't go into it expecting AAA quality, but, for 8 bucks, you're getting a game that runs well, is pretty damn fun, and is being updated and maintained by its developers. Detailed explanation of how the game works below.The premise of the game is simple:Up to 4 ""Investigators"" (Human Players) in a match; goal: Travel the map, and acquire 8 VHS tapes to win the level.Vs.1 Monster (Played by either a Human or an NPC); goal: Kill all of the Investigators.However, the gameplay is made more complex by the various Investigators the player can choose to play as, the type of flashlight the player selects (more on that later), and how those choices fit into your 4-player team composition; of course, this is complicated further in that there are 3 monsters (as of writing this review) that you can face up against, each with their own strengths and weaknesses.First off, let's break down the Investigators; there's a fairly large selection of Investigators that the player can select, each with varying stats and passive abilities. Each investigator also comes equipped with a flashlight. As you play, you gain experience, level up, and unlock the ability to play as different Investigators, as well as the ability to select different flashlights. You can also get some neat alternate costumes for your favorite Investigators, if that's your thing. Each Investigator has basic stats, and his choice of flashlight can alter that Investigator's stats, thus allowing for a bit of modification to your Investigator of choice. The flashlight's have their own stats as well, with some having greater range, a wider lighting area, etc. Each Investigator has a Compass ability that points them in the direction of the next tape, though this ability is on a cooldown.Some Investigators--due to their basic stat makeup, and augmented by choosing a flashlight that complements them--excel better at some tasks than others. For example, some Investigators are excel at leading the group, whereas others excel at splitting off and covering more ground. For a more detailed discussion of this, check out the Steam Guide written by ""NallyNally!"" and ""SubjectMoon.""As for the Monster, there's currently three of them you can play as. You don't have access to all three when you first get into the game--you need to unlock them by leveling up. I believe levels are shared across both the Investigator and the Monster team, so level up playing whatever you like, and I believe that you'll unlock stuff for both sides.Each of these monsters has its own stat makeup and its own set of Active & Passive abilities. Some monsters are good at putting on a relentless assault, such as the new monster, ""Rusalka,"" who can teleport directly behind an unsuspecting Investigator. Alternatively, other monsters, such as ""Olkoth,"" hunt their prey through deception and traps. Disable the Investigators' flashlights and dive in for some mayhem, or plant a Decoy Tape! There's nothing quite like having an Investigator rush over to check out a Decoy, just to find you waiting to grab him!Regarding performance, the game runs really well. If you intend to host games, be sure to open port 7777 UDP via your router's configuration page--otherwise players may be unable to join your match. I run the game on maximum settings at 60 FPS, and my specs are fairly average (except for my CPU, which is above average):Nvidia 660 Ti 4gb16GB RAMIntel i7-5930k @ 3.50GHzIn summation, the game's pretty great. I've only just gotten it yesterday, but I've really been having a blast. I don't currently have any negative criticisms to make about the game, but I'll be sure to update the review as I become a more experienced player, at which point I may actually have such criticisms to air out."
,Recommended,503350,27593630,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Anything,"This game is pretty scary and I enjoy playing it wether its a public game or private game or if its with friends or randoms. There's a number of people who would think that this game would get boring from continuing to play the maps, but even then with the game having only 3 maps so far, I enjoy it a lot. And they keep on updating the game and putting in new investigators, maps, creatures, bugfixes, etc. The first game I enjoyed as well but in this 2nd one you can play as the creature and have a wide selection of investigators and a decent selection of creatures. I;m hoping that when the full game releases that there will be an option to be able to create your own maps and maybe skins for the investigators and creatures as well. But I'm really enjoying the game right now and I'd love for more attachments to be added to this game and because I think that where the game is headed with these updates, its going to be a good play experience."
,Recommended,503350,34811228,Posted: 8 September,all,6372776E6B6C6C72,"Between the buzz of survivor vs killer / 4v1 games lately --- this definitely has its own mechanics and they have good ideas. The way they implement them is very well, balancing wise. Sure, some moments might get frustrating, but if you know what to do, or a strat with a character, you will do well (probably).What I like about this game that seperates it from the couple others is that it's a bit of cat and mouse, and you can evade as well as you know you can and it can create moments where the player thinks he is safe, then gets attacked by surprise. It really makes for some interesting (also scary) moments.What I wish this game had: More playersWhat I dislike: Due to RNG, sometimes the investigators just start finding 1 clue right after another and make the game really fast and end short.Also: For example, dead by daylight, you chase and chase and chase. An interesting take from White Noise is that they really thought about how to seperate a group, and different ""creatures"" have ways of splitting of a group, or making them panick. Tight knit groups are sometimes reaaaally hard to break up though.Oh and they also have some good looking faces. But also some really ugly ones. (Denali though ;))Oh and they also make clothing free - so there's that! No loot box random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. :Dseriously though, more players needed if the game ever wants to take off.Should you buy this game ***right now*** in its current state and players? I would say yes. If you like how the game is played, you will definitely have fun."
,Recommended,503350,30464696,Posted: 11 March,all,Whater is Cold,We need more people for this game guys.
,Recommended,503350,28773186,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,SpeedWaifu,"Theres nobody to play with . Thats my review.... I find this game fun theres no doubt about that , but trying to find a lobby with atleast one person in it turns the game boring . I have accomplished the 2 hour refund mark so i'll have to wait to see if this game grabs in more players in it"
76561198062137022,Recommended,503350,26579511,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,soak314,"Asymmetrical multiplayer 4v1 in the flavor of Slender.Runs smooth as butter and has a level of polish shocking to see at this stage of EA. Investigator gameplay follows the well-tread formula set by its predecessors. The newly introduced creature gameplay is a far more cerebral role, intimidating and stressful at first, but immensely satisfying once you get your rhythm.Jumpscares and dread abound for the first dozen or so hours of Investigator gameplay, but horror veterans may soon find themselves jaded. The creature player can only do so much to spook you, and is not nearly as scary when you have a cadre of flashlight buddies/ghost navigators keeping you company.Still, the base game is solid, matches are short and satisfying, with a design philosophy leaving very little room for griefing on either side (a common issue for competitive 4v1's as seen in Dead By Daylight and Evolve). It's quite a rush being the only investigator left, sprinting down dark corridors, knowing full well the creature can now track you effortlessly as you've only got one tape left to go.This game has been released upon a rock-solid foundation, something I rarely ever see in Early Acess titles. It's now a matter of what kind of features the developers introduce to spice things up."
76561198068002742,Recommended,503350,30178025,Posted: 25 February,all,AK98,"A first person horror co-op game with goofy graphics. This game is terrifying on your own and still scary with freinds but alot more fun with freinds, as you play as scooby-doo like characters or even the monster you explore dark and unnerving locations in search for clues or prey. It has some great mechanics such as puzzles and unlockables a worthy buy for hours of fun."
76561198059723935,Recommended,503350,31192717,Posted: 16 April,all,supermigit,"This is LEAGUES beyond what the first game had going. I've played similar games like Damned (which I guess was abandoned) but none have come close to what this pulls off. It feels good to play with it's smooth controls while it rocks a small, yet incredibly friendly community. Get this game for some of the funniest rounds or the scariest rounds you could want, and it's just as amazing with friends as it is without friends. Guys, help this indie game grow into one of the best.10/10 would write legitimate review again"
,Recommended,503350,30996533,Posted: 7 April,all,SteelBeams,"Really fun game! It is usually a real challenge to win as investigator, and a good balance between the creature and investigators. Its 10$, do the devs and yourself a favor and pick the game up."
76561198271806217,Recommended,503350,32474604,Posted: 16 June,all,☜✪☞sPr1nt☜✪☞,Games is good but please invite me i cant find games i played two games bt then no one waas playing and i get scared with solo xDPlease invite me if someone is playingI dont wanna refund this game its so goodBetter than dead by daylight
,Recommended,503350,30810750,Posted: 29 March,all,majik,"Before purchasing this game, I was kind of biased.I was worried that the life span of the game would be quite low, but it turns out it isn't.The game itself is fun to play with your friends, you can also get to play as the ""Creature"".The more you play the more you unlock characters and items that have various utilities and abilities.Now to speak about the performance, I can run the game pretty well with a fair PC (~120 average fps) and it looks very nice.So I would definitely recommand this game if you want to have some fun in a horror game."
,Recommended,503350,35010526,Posted: 16 September,all,Cai,"Pros:* A fun balanced game. Each side has a fair chance throughout the entire match no matter what character or creature they decide upon.* Leveling up feels rewarding because you unlock 2 or 3 things every time (withought having to spend real money) just like the old days of video games.* Good creepy atmospheres.* Lone wolfs and team players both have a good chance of survival, but of course if you go it alone as a human and slip up, no one will be able to save you.* A good selection of characters and skins for those who like customization like me.Con:* Like most online games you may find it difficult to find a game at times. And of course there is the waiting for other players."
,Recommended,503350,26304495,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Torches,So far i have not found any bugs. and i can atleast run the game at a playable FPS. So far loving the game.Cant wait for future updates.
,Recommended,503350,31332592,Posted: 23 April,all,Staremaster,"So you may be asking yourself, ""is this game good?"" The short answer is yes, as long as you get pulled into horror atmospheres, don't mind the small, but potentially growing player base, and generally using a mic, as the game is much much harder without one. The levels are not procedural, but offer enough variety and size to keep you guessing about your location, especially the halls of the hospital. I have heard a few people say the game is repetitive, but I generally find that they are different from me in their taste for horror, not fully immersing themselves in the atmosphere, or unable to for whatever reason. The point is, if you already know you like to be scarred, this game can do a good job of reminding you how and why. I should also say that I found the game quite easy to control with both the keyboard mouse scheme and an xbox 360 controller.Now for the gameplay. I have experienced some really amazing moments of teamwork and triumph with other investigators in the game, especailly since your only defense is light. With no way to truly defend yourself against the monster, your only options are to stick together and run away as a team, or actually move more slowly with your light turned off if you should happen to get separated or become the last man standing (the monster will have more trouble finding you). The result for me after 22 hrs so far is that the game is always tense and gets my heart racing a bit at the end of matches. Mechanically, I had no issues playing as the investigators, except that some minor mechanics are not extremely well explained, or at least not in plain sight. Even so, I figured out all of the meta-ish aspects of controlling the investigators in under 22 hrs.As the monster, it can be extremely satisfying to cleverly separate one of the members with a trap or scare tactic and then pick them off, or honestly to even just scare them all as a group when they least expect it. The most unsettling thing about the game from the investigator perspective is that the whole time you are aware of the level of intelligence that pursues you and your team, and being on the other side of that fear is pretty fun both with a mic to taunt them through, and without one. Again, I found controlling the different creatures easy to understand.There are a variety of unlockables for the inverstigators and monster, which you may dislike if you're the type that prefers everything unlocked from the start, though for me it's a fast and enjoyable levelup system anyway that always makes me want to check out my new gear. Not only are the flashlights and skins usually pretty cosmetically interesting, they also affect the stats of the investigators and monsters, sometimes drastically.In Short:+ Easy controls for anyone+ Good horror atmosphere, assuming the genre appeals to you+ Great co-op gameplay+ Fun on both sides of the game, it's either scary, thrilling, or both+ Good, cooperative community that helps noobs turn into good players quickly+ $10 Price+/- Lots of unlockables that affect stats-/+ You are for sure going to need to turn down the music volume in the settings in order to use a mic and headset- Low player base that you can help change by playing** Watching the tutorials will make the game much easier for your first time playI give the game 9/10 clues"
,Recommended,503350,26637318,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Frank Castle's Black Dong,Solid spooky game
76561198176974838,Recommended,503350,26310115,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,FIshy?Fuckoff,"Scarier than dead by daylight. Its in SUPER early Alpha, however it runs awesomely (my own word) smooth!"
,Recommended,503350,31006503,Posted: 7 April,all,QuetzaCocoCh4n,"So basically think about ye old Slender, ok? Then add multiplayer, the ability to be mulitple monsters who zip around the map, different flashlights, skills for both survivor and monster alike, some creepy plusing stuff around the map, and more complex gameplay. White Noise 2, pretty solid game, please buy cause theres not a bunch of people playing ._."
,Recommended,503350,26446135,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,MikaAngelo,Definetly a lot of fun when you are playing with friend.The horror aspect goes away and mainly sticks to suspence as you continue but friends definetly make the game more enjoyable.
,Recommended,503350,32619691,Posted: 21 June,all,Jucrispy,good horror game I played the first which was a ripoff of sleder this is better they made it their own game which is great
,Recommended,503350,30473530,Posted: 12 March,all,Hominghead,"Amazing game. Overall very solid and developers are giving the game alot of love. If you enjoyed similar entries like Dead by Daylight, you'll enjoy this alot."
,Recommended,503350,26757442,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Coda,"Great game to play with friends. Atmosphere is great and developers are constantly updating game and fixing arising issues. Hopefully they will continue to do so. I highly recommend this game, especially if you have a lot of friends who enjoy horror games"
,Recommended,503350,26359671,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Dusty926,"I think I know why I suck at this game's version of stealth;This game's stealth expects you to go unnoticed in the most vibrant, exaggerated 80s fashion sense there is.And I love it.8/10 Dead By Daylight doesn't let me look like discount Ronald McDonald"
,Recommended,503350,33205164,Posted: 3 July,all,Rehgret,"Like Dead by Daylight but a whole lot better in my opinion. The creatures have more skills and the survivors or ""investigators"" also have more skills and don't feel as useless as the ones in other games. One small problem would probably be trying to play or connect to random people so definitely plan to get this with at least 4-5 friends and you'll be good to go."
,Recommended,503350,31054309,Posted: 9 April,all,Hammer'D,"Not too bad if you have a few people who know how to play. If the player base picks up, it could be a decent play for a while. pretty well done and havent encountered the first bug in a few hours of gameplay. runs silky smooth and plays just as well."
,Recommended,503350,31113686,Posted: 13 April,all,kirk.snelson,"Very fun game! I'd like to see more maps, creatures and survivors, but other than that, its a great game! Highly Recommended!"
,Recommended,503350,30577888,Posted: 17 March,all,Merrow,"This game is seriously a good game. Everyone must play. Just because of the frequent updates (really frequent) and developers always listen for feedback and improve the game it feels so good and the game is very polished, feels good to play it."
76561198068074821,Recommended,503350,26974847,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sectoR7,Great game to play with your friends at night with your headset on and the volume turned up!10/10 would get scared again
,Recommended,503350,31130764,Posted: 14 April,all,Black Skall,This Game is very fun with a friendly small player base. Also it is only $10 you will get some really great and fun moments from this game.
,Recommended,503350,26505170,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Aplix,Although it seems like a dead by daylight/slenderman ripoff and you may be right it is actually fun which is found in very few copies of games. while it lacks in cheap overused jumpscares (yes!) it makes up for it (doesent need to) with good graphics and a constant tense atmosphere.im playing in alpha and they have already announced another map in the 1st two weeks of the game being released!however the only problem is a lack of people playing and so if you play this game you are not only curing your boredom but also other people's boredomI would rate 8/10 and definitly DEFINITLY reccomend.
,Recommended,503350,35249382,Posted: 27 September,all,DISRuPTED,"It's a great game, a combination of slenderman (get s*** before creature gets you first) with some rpg-like status points system for characters and creatures. We have tank, stealth, suports etc.Pros:* Investigators have very limited sight, so if you're in this role you better have a new fresh underwear nearby.* Many different types of items to get that will aid investigators throughout the match.* Creatures gets slowed and stunned by light, ""light vs darkness"" kind of s***.* Creatures have special powers that can disable investigators flashlights, confuse them, etc.* Great audio design and great environment, both are always the keystone to every horror game.* Good graphics, could be better since it's from 2017, but it still good enough.* Many different skins for investigators and creatures. They can be unlocked just by playing the game as you level up, all skins change status points which is really cool if your playstyle doesn't match a certain character, or you want to try a different build with that character, or even make the strong points of your character even stronger.Cons:* Almost no physics in the movements of the investigators, they look like robots when walking around the map. They dosome facial expression when grabbed by the creature tho.* Not many active players. (it's always around 40 players online which is kind of sad, it's a good game and it's comunity isvery friendly to new players).* Lacks the feature to add investigator bots to the match. It would help a lot since there are few people playing, it's kindahard to start a fair match sometimes.Cheap dlc's, so i would recommend you buy them all after you start playing, in case you liked the game of course."
,Recommended,503350,31389215,Posted: 27 April,all,Wladzilla,"This game is pure awesomeness.Things that make it stand out are:1). The visuals. These are insanely realistic thanks to a great job done regarding shading/lighting and texturing the world. You can feel the materials of all those substances that surround you during the play. While characters look kinda cartoony a bit, it only adds to the style of the game. Another thing to note is some totally awesome filters and shaders used here. Everything is done to convince you actually BEING in the game.2). The feeling of the character. This game actually makes you feel like being just a man made of meat, having weight and physical parameters close to an average adult human being. They also did something about how camera rotates which makes it even more realistic, somehow resembling the way we move our eyes in the reality.3). When you die, you still play! Only in a capacity of a ghost, which is another gameplay, totally different from the ""living"" human experience. Basically, they were just like ""hey, let's actually make a REASON for people to stay in the game after they die and get to spectate... by making spectators a very important role in the game and a faction of its' own"". Awesome decision making right here, guys.5). A vast customization and character roster. In this game you can choose your human/monster with specific stats and special abilities, then choose one of many unlockable costumes to make stats point focused on one feat you're willing to use actively during this particular game session, THEN choose what kind of gear you're bringing in -- and every piece of gear comes with its' own stats and specials. Oh, and these affect not only your personal gameplay style, but also the monster's gameplay as well. Perfecto!4). Unlike other alternatives and known similar games, you can get effing scared even from watching vids of this game on YouTube. Which is a feat.5). This is the first game I reviewed on Steam EVER. Which is an actual feat, too.Overall:Great teamplaying and horror experience with absolutely eye-pleasing simulation of the real world conditions and looks. With LOTS of customizing available for the player, this is the game you really want to play sitting in your dark room, even with random people from around the world, not necessary your friends. And you will stay till the end of the run because the further it gets, the SHARPER it gets. And even if you die, you still stay in the game in a completely new capacity."
76561198351395051,Recommended,503350,33574789,Posted: 15 July,all,CharlieeKay,a verry creepy but fun game has me jumping at least once a round :)
,Recommended,503350,26514784,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,-Moonrise,"Lobbies are scarce at the moment but the game itself is quite fun! There is a lot of potential behind the core gameplay and the suspense is never let down, especially in 1v1 matches. Hopefully this title manages to pull in a decent player-base after official release. I'd love to see this gem really succeed."
,Recommended,503350,29754800,Posted: 6 February,all,"Podrick, Spocky Ghoost of Bread","This game is one of the most fun multiplayer horror experiences you will have. Don't be fooled by the early access tag; the game is very much playable and has a decent amount of content for its price. In White Noise 2, you either play as an investigator looking for evidence about a mysterious creature and eventually end up trying to banish it to another dimension, or you will play as the creature hunting the investigators down and stopping them no matter what it takes. For both investigators and creatures, you have a variety of customization options that will affect gameplay; all of which is unlocked just through playing the game normally; no need to grind really. It's super fun with friends and I highly recommend this game to really anyone. It isn't too difficult to learn how to play. The devs are constantly updating the game and very active on the forums and most experienced players are kind and will be willing to help you learn how to play if you do have some difficulties. But of course, like any game, there are pros and cons. Here is my list of pros and cons.PROS:-Constantly updated-Devs are very active on forums and are willing to listen to suggestions-Don't need a fancy PC to play-Can be played single player, coop, or pvp-Compared to a lot of other pvp horror games, White Noise 2 is overall better balanced imo-Different creatures and investigators to play, all with unique skins, flashlights/idols, stats, and traits-Pretty creepy atmosphereNEUTRAL:-This used to be a pro, but then the game got released and the playerbase has grown. The community is kind of ~eh~ now. It's still better than the other assymetrical horror game communities, but it isn't quite as ~amazing~ as it used to be. There are a lot of passive aggressive people, and most low level players I've seen have no idea what they're doing because they didn't read the tutorials, and then they rage quit after dying because they don't know what they're doing. As you can see from like half the negative reviews (which have a bunch of people with almost no time spent on the game, though some are fair), a lot of them don't read the tutorials, play the game, instantly die, find it boring, refund, and then drop a negative review. PLEASE READ THE TUTORIALS. There are a lot of intricate mechanics that are important. You are not going to enjoy the game if you have absolutely no idea what you're doing. I see a lot of low level players just stare at the creature. NOT A GOOD IDEA. Many players you meet will also be incredibly stubborn. There was some dude who I got into an argument with about the existence of a mechanic within the game. Eventually I sent him the patch notes confirming it's existence. He ended up just blocking and ignoring me. There's quite a plethora of rage quitters. So community isn't very aggressive and won't send you threats or racism or anything, but don't expect to feel incredibly welcome upon starting the game.CONS:-Community is small; although you can usually find a game to play, you might not be playing in your level range and you may have trouble finding games if you come online at the wrong times-Although the atmosphere is quite scary, the actual monsters could be scarier-Paywall for gameplay affecting content; I'm not very critical of paid DLC with gameplay affecting content because I get that people need to make money and it's fairly cheap for White Noise 2, but it is still something to note within WN2. The contents fairly half-and-half between what's strong and what's not, so I wouldn't quite call the game P2W: the content in the base game are plenty viable enough, if not more viable than some of the DLC characters/items. It's still not very grindy for what is in the base game, though.That's my list for pros and cons. Overall, it is a very good game, especially considering its price. I hope that you do experience it, and that you enjoy it if you do.I would recommend you be wary of the negative reviews. Some of them are fair criticism. Some of them are about the games low playerbase, but are not applicable as of release because the playerbase is much larger now. And some of them just show that the reviewer flat out didn't read the how to play section and don't understand basic game mechanics, such as stunning the monster and sanity management. There IS A HOW TO PLAY SECTION THAT EXPLAINS THESE MECHANICS.  Please read this before you decide to play, lose, and then leave a bad review.Being very fun and with lots of replayability without grinding, and fairly well optimized graphics-wise, I have to give this game a 10/10.Edit: I updated the review a bit, because between the expansion of the community, numerous changes in the gameplay, etc, it deserves a bit an update; ex. not everything is unlockable within the base game anymore, as there is DLC. I'd maybe score the game down to a 9/10 probably."
,Recommended,503350,33451264,Posted: 11 July,all,Pharen,"Brilliant little game, 4v1 survival horror where the investigators have to find clues, solve simple puzzles, and manage there torch battery all while being chased by the creature which has many disruptive powers.There are also a handful of items on the map that can be used to give the investigators a temporary advantage, and there are ""idols"" on the map that help the creature by showing the investigators whereabouts and making them lose there sanity.The sanity mechanic really adds a layer of strategy to the game because if you lose sanity you have a temporary stun that could get you caught by the creature, it also affects your vision greatly which can be a real struggle when you have to flee the creature but can't make out the environment.The best part about the game is that if you get killed by the creature it's not game over, you still have an important role to play as the ghost of your investigator, you have the ability to banish idols and traps summoned by the creature, you can put down lights that slow the creature, and you can still go around and find the clues the investigators need to win the match. Unlike other games where once you are out, you become a spectator for the rest of the match. The ghost also cannot see the creature so you never know when you could be leading your group right into a trap.The only negatives I can say about the game is the community is quite small at the moment, and there are a few minor balancing issues.The game is still being updated with free and paid DLCs, and tweaks are being made to make the game better balanced for new and veteran players.I've had a lot of fun with this game and fully recommend it."
,Recommended,503350,28330418,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,El Conejito Sucio,"I got this game because I played part 1 on the xbox and I loved it. It's pretty much slender man but with cooperative abilities and some twists. The game is fun over all but I hate the fact that it feels more like a competetive game than a horror game now that you can play as the creature. (You can have an ai creature but it's too easy if you play smart. Also don't get me wrong, I'm glad that you can play as the creature. It's awesome!) I just hope they find some way to bring back that cooperative horror atmosphere instead of having the current competetive versus atmosphere.Edit: This review is outdated. Game has changed for the better but im too lazy to make a new in depth review. Just get da game fam it gud."
76561198342870639,Recommended,503350,26637852,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Ccove,Very good game to try
,Recommended,503350,30358105,Posted: 6 March,all,Dom The Musky Skunk,"After over 400h in dead by daylight this is somethign new. it sets way more on the horror part and way more on team play. I feel like it's much more survivor sided but maybe I just suck as monster, Sadly there are not many players yet, but definitely worth it!! You even can play as 2 against an NPC monster which is already a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,503350,26309001,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Timothy J. Hentai,"pretty sp00ky, just lacks a bigger community for online multiplayer"
,Recommended,503350,33190969,Posted: 3 July,all,CallMeRusty420,"I only got 25 hours in the game but let me tell you what I find in this game to give it a good review.The atmosphere.The large maps with their dark and creepy essence and sound effects give this game a surreal sense of horror in wandering the unknown. Giving the investigators/survivors the sense of being lost in a sick game of cat and mouse.The Monsters.The monsters are something else. They range from an alien monstrosity to an ancient demon from hell and so on. They are all well made and well designed and carry their own unique skillsets that give them different playstyle in hunting the investigators.The Investigators.The developers really went the extra mile in taking the time in not only coming up with the interesting biographies in getting to know the character you'll be wandering in the dark with, but also took the time to get voice actors to portray their individual personalities and the fear they portray.The Graphics.The graphics of this game are actually very good. The shadows, the lights, the raw feeling of being in a crused place, all well executed.The Gameplay.The gameplay on is good on both sides. As the investigators, you get this true sense of being hunted by a demon of the dark. You find the clues and perform the ritual in order to stop the end of the world as we know it in a daring risk of throwing away your character's life. As the Monster, you get this sense of pure manipulation and power that only something that you'd see in a demon horror movie could give you.Overall.Thi game is worth the money. The DLC is reasonable and fair in price and the game is fun overall. That is. If you're a fan of horror games. If you're not a fan of being spooked and paranoid, this game isn't the game for you. But if you love those, then thi game if perfect for you. Goodnight. And good luck."
,Recommended,503350,26368358,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Doom,"Where do I start, this game is so fun and adventurous. I remember my friend told me to get white noise online 2 years ago. I downloaded it, had a blast! Now when this came out I got it 2 hours later after release. I was in shock when I saw this on my ""recommended for you"""
,Recommended,503350,28240910,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Vurusgard,">be me>have 800+ hrs in DBD, getting bored of it and nothing feels scary>hear about this game>finally buy it>play as killer for 2 rounds, really friendly investigators that showed me the ropes>finally playing as Rinko, i hear the monster>throw a glowstick to the doorway i'm hearing it>he grabs me from behind, i jump out of my chair in fright in response to this overgrown molerat wannabe from fallout 4 licking my screeni've never felt this scared. nothing in DBD has made me feel this much scared, i tell you. nothing."
76561198083589980,Recommended,503350,31150113,Posted: 14 April,all,Our Lord and Savior Doge BLAZIN,"8/8, great job on making the characters look like they have downs"
76561198063634337,Recommended,503350,26374770,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,The Desert Jew,"Jump in the game no idea what i am doingFind two tapes feels pretty good manone of my fellow investigators diethen anotherthen anotherthen im all alone,there's no one near beside me10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again."
,Recommended,503350,26397282,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Emiel Regis  🦄 (sponge),"Lets be honest it feels like early build. Animations, textures and models  are a bit weak. There are some bugs with connections and ingame. However  game itself is pretty good even in such early state and I cant wait to see how it gonna look after year. Dont dissapoint us devs. Also 8 euro is reasonable price for game current state. Regarding problem of low player base: This game just arrived on steam, what you expect. On evening I was able to find games pretty fast  most of the times. If you liked dead by daylight and want  something different yet simmilar try White Noise 2. For now Im enjoying it."
,Recommended,503350,30627205,Posted: 19 March,all,BoneDaddyDiesel,"White Noise more than exceeded my expectations. With games like Dead by Daylight, Friday the 13th, and Last Year emmerging this one is definitely a worthy contender. While Last Year and Friday have yet to be released it is easy to see why this game and the others have so much hype surrounding them: IT'S HELLA FUN TO KILL AND BE KILLED! While it seems it is a whole lot harder to win as the creature then it is as a survivor at times, both sides are really fun and satisfying to play. White Noise isn't as intricate as Dead by Daylight with the survivors being able to use their environment to their advantage and gain items to use along the way, but it is still very fun and this game rocks!!! 9/10."
76561198136146850,Recommended,503350,26546602,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Horizon,White Noise 2 is one of the best early access games I've ever played and it's scary as hell. XD
76561198076282274,Recommended,503350,28275744,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,TrashMouthMickey,"I think that this game is REALLY good. however, there are not that many people playing it.  But it is still a really good game, and it is a lot of fun if you have your friends all get it too."
76561198020784501,Recommended,503350,26345569,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Concat999,"I have hundreds of hours in DBD so its nice to play something else and so far I'm liking this one, just hope the devs dont ditch the game and more players join"
76561197983929235,Recommended,503350,31401452,Posted: 27 April,all,WebMonkey,Great game! Very atmospheric! Honours the Lovecraftian tradition where looking at horrific stuff makes you lose sanity. I also love that the only weapon that players can use is light and knowledge (in the form of the clues you are trying to gather to banish the monster). The jump scares alone are worth the price of admission. Do yourself a favour and buy it for yourself and your friends. You'll have a scary good time!!! Muahahahaha!!!!
,Recommended,503350,33473610,Posted: 12 July,all,BeneathTheCake,"Love this game. If they advertised more, they would have more players!"
,Recommended,503350,29728690,Posted: 5 February,all,MinerSheep,"This game is extremely fun to play with friends and is a sequel to my fav horror game white noise online. Its very fun but still be careful there are some trolls out there. Luckily this game is one of the games I have seen that makes it so you only have trolls, cyberbullies, or just plain out bad people like 10% of the time. So its usually a good gameplay experience :)"
76561198069226503,Recommended,503350,26483955,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,RottenBeard,"Played White noise Online first on the xbox 360, Its now back as white noise 2 on PC, It Is slender but multiplayer and now you can play as the monster. Great Game"
,Recommended,503350,30822510,Posted: 29 March,all,Nikko,"Amazing game to be played especially in a full 5 player lobby. If you're thinking of getting the game, GET IT. It sucks that not a lot of people play it because this is quite honestly one of the greatest 4 vs 1 games there are.It's a great game with a range of unlocks, immersive ambience and gameplay. The devs release frequent weekly (or so) updates, and are very responsive. Don't even hesitate about getting it. Just get it."
76561198212788311,Recommended,503350,32552085,Posted: 18 June,all,•Nui•,"Really enjoyable experience that is definitely better than a majority of the other games in this style, marred by an unfortunate lack of playerbase. Seriously, if people played this game I wouldn't have much to complain about at all.Still recommend it to anybody who likes games."
76561198127390564,Recommended,503350,28394996,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Camaraderie,"White Noise 2 is a such a fun, unique and amazing gameI was a huge fan of the original White Noise Online and used to play it on Xbox 360 a lot and got it on steam years later to find it not popular at all and dead. The devs are very interactive and the community is amazing! WN2 is not that popular but, I truly believe if the game gets the right promoting, it could be a true success!White Noise 2 is a million times better than WNO and the early access makes the full verison of the game very promising!PROS:Classic CharactersTons of flashlights that can make your stats worse or betterBattery Pickups/ Shouts/ CompassGraphicsBeing able to play the MonsterGhosts now have more things to do than to be a light to the playersRanking up systemCONS:Lack Of Players :/"
,Recommended,503350,34789518,Posted: 7 September,all,{BASH} brtlblayk,"This game is a blast to play with friends. It's very in depth with the stats of each player, and even each skin of each player is slightly different. You can take a step further than that, and there's even stats for each flashlight you can use. It's a simple concept that has been done before, but the mechanics of fighting back is far greater and more strategic when you work together as a team. Great job on this game. I highly encourage everyone to pick this up, and at the price it's at it's a STEAL."
,Recommended,503350,26427299,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Pownage,"This game at first, didn't do much too me, having played a lot of horror games Amnesia TDS, Soma, SCP Containment Breach, Slender, Condemned, Alien Isolation, Outlast etc...After a while, the atmosphere really sets in, the maps are really dark, and the quiet environment makes every bit of audio put you on edge.It's true when people are saying, the only real downside is the lack of players."
,Recommended,503350,26504737,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,PullG,Nice Work!!! This game is super fun and super spooky.But for Offline mode/Singleplayer mode would you mind to put some bots as the investigator.Anyway..this is and awsome game really recommended for other players who love Horror games.
,Recommended,503350,35073268,Posted: 19 September,all,sporkfrog,"Great coop fun with friends, glad i discovered this gem.This game definitely needs to be promoted more though, as it is few to none active lobbies sometimes.But as mentioned, great fun :D"
,Recommended,503350,35346700,Posted: 30 September,all,Westdog01,"Singeplayer works.Barely anyone plays multiplayer, and when I actually got into a game it stayed on the loading screen for 5 minutes and never loaded.The game is really fun in singleplayer. I can't say much about multiplayer as I haven't had a chance to play it yet.The goal is like Slender but better. Collect 8 clues, rather than pages. Some of these clues will involve puzzles of some sort that will require your full attention, but so does the creature.The graphics are pretty good even on the very low preset. (I have a potato, so 40 FPS was amazing.)The gameplay is really fun and entertaining.Unfortunately not enough people play multiplayer though, so I would buy this one for singleplayer.Among all, I recommend this game. It is really fun on singleplayer, so I can imagine it is better in multiplayer...if I could get it to work.EDIT: I have played multiplayer and can confirm it is so much better than single player!Unfortunately the playerbase is small. Hopefully it grows over time."
76561198254665827,Recommended,503350,28402801,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Andy,"It's spooky, it's $8 bucks.The only con of this game is the player count but the developers constantly communicate on the discussion forums with what they plan to do with weekly friday updates. I can definitely see this game become a top hit in the coming months.Buy it now? Depends, like I said it's difficult to find matches but when I do, I definitely enjoy myself with each one. I don't regret buying it and recommend it to 4v1 asymmetrical horror fans who wish to support another game in the genre. I'll definitely keep playing this every now and then and hope to see this grow.I suggest looking up gameplay to see if it's your fit. But for sure is that I find this game scarier than Dead by Daylight."
,Recommended,503350,26795013,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪MiXx,Beauty scarry horror. Slender mod + dying light
76561198144699833,Recommended,503350,27099685,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chyorny-Akula,Best horror game.
,Recommended,503350,27040442,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Atomic Zombie,"I saw this game on Youtube and it was great but the problem is, no one plays it. It has such a dead community for such a new game. It has potential but just not now. I still recommend this game because I want people to play this. It's alot of fun."
76561198119840117,Recommended,503350,29387214,Posted: 20 January,all,COOLER  DAD,"What can I say? this game is tons of fun.its cheap, it runs great for a small indie game and its fricken fun!The servers on this game are not incredibly active, so if you decide to pick this up, make sure you have a couple of friends who will grab it too!If you have ever played the first one (which was laughably bad) you will be absolutley blown away by how much they stepped this game up. The graphics are great, mechanics are fun and innovative, plus we get free updates every couple of weeks adding new maps, characters and mechanics.If you have ever played slender or amnesia, it is a similar experience, but you can play with friends! I cannot stress enough, how god damn fun this game is with some pals.But, by far my favorite part of this game has to be the fact that you can scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your friends. The real selling point is how you can be the monster! it is such a good idea, and Milk Stone Studios has done a fantastic job of making it fun and fair for both the monsters and survivors alike!Heres some scores on the following criteria: (just take into account this is an indie game, and it is also early access)Graphics: 8/10 (for such a small dev, these graphics are quite good!)GamePlay: 7/10 (Keeps you entertained and on your toes!)Controls: 9/10 (No complaints about the controls)FunFactor: Solo 3/10, Multiplayer 8/10 (tons of fun. but beware finding a game alone is rare!)Updates: 10/10 (Keep 'em comin' Milk Stone, you are doing a great job!)Horror (it is a horror game after all): 8/10 (I might just be a big baby, but these maps and monters freak me right out)For an overall rating I would give this work in progress game a generous 7.5/10FINAL THOUGHTSI highly reccomend grabbing this game with some friends, you will have a great time. Super easy game setup. Plus there is multiple ways to play! for the price of a cheese burger, you could own a game that will give you hours of fun! The only hard part is getting all your buds on at the same time!TO THE DEVS AT MILK STONE STUDIOS (if you read reviews)Great job! I played the crap out of your first game, white noise online, on both pc and xbox 360. You have completely blown me away with the production value of this indie game! keep up the great work, keep them updates coming too!"
76561198128350743,Recommended,503350,31177787,Posted: 16 April,all,Melodya,"It's really fun to play, but there aren't many playing it, at some times there are enough rooms, but many times it's rather empty so it's hard to play with other people.I really hope that it gets more people, because the game is really funny and teamplay is important in this game~ what makes it even more fun ^-^"
76561198003422129,Recommended,503350,34726373,Posted: 3 September,all,Jefeon,"Best coop horror game on the market hands down!I still haven't encountered any bugs or crashes, very smooth and a lot of fun with friends!"
76561198277034197,Recommended,503350,26380449,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,roman.masin,"Enjoyed so far... It's not that expensive and it's quite fun. If they are going to keep improving it, it will last for quite a time."
,Recommended,503350,34956858,Posted: 14 September,all,Twitch.tv/Stoner_Doikel,BUY IT PLEASE NEEDS MORE PLAYERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!its very very good. just buy the game
,Recommended,503350,30202669,Posted: 26 February,all,Theaae,Good Game with pretty nice Graphics
,Recommended,503350,29109782,Posted: 7 January,all,ZxReaperXx,"The game is great better than the original but it may need a few more creatures, levels, characters and even 1 r 2 more game modes but other than that the games great."
,Recommended,503350,29026425,Posted: 4 January,all,Fritzwoglord,"I recomend playing this game with friends. Really fun and scary for the investigators. Only downfall in this game that there isnt much maps that we can play on. Other then that, really amazing game."
,Recommended,503350,26404780,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,jack,"the spooks are real.Great game for friends, too spooky for solo. Wish there were more maps but it seems like the devs are on top of keeping the game updated."
76561198355273164,Recommended,503350,30144775,Posted: 24 February,all,halloweencharlie,Overall this game is well made it has great graphics and atmosphere. I know it's still in early alpha acsess but i would love to see a single player sol sotry mode to the game! However really good multiplayer game!
,Recommended,503350,35267891,Posted: 28 September,all,ʀᴇᴅ,Spooks
,Recommended,503350,29543512,Posted: 28 January,all,Minister,It's very fun only if you play it with friends
,Recommended,503350,26275791,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Miia 🎃,"Definetly an improvement from WNO! I loved the original WNO, and played it since 2013, this one is epic! And Its awesome, I love unlocking the original Investigators, and I want to unlock the original Monster, cause he's beast! I really like this one so far, and I love being able to play the Monster now! :D I can't wait to see more from the game! :)"
76561198055829927,Recommended,503350,30536582,Posted: 15 March,all,Phobos,"Scariest asymmetric horror ever tried. The only weakness this game has is a small community, although one of the best communities out there.  8/10"
76561198139384484,Recommended,503350,31298781,Posted: 22 April,all,Rad,"Worth the money and fun to play with friends. Has a diversity of creatures and investigators with strengths and weaknesses. Feels difficult for the first hour or two and has a feeling that creatures are OP, but it gets more interesting with experience. The downsides are that there are only 5 maps and game has bugs here and there when new updates come out."
76561198040818465,Recommended,503350,31815579,Posted: 17 May,all,Kadello,Extremely fun game. Players needed
,Recommended,503350,26396377,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,PinchPeak5203,spooky follow the leader in the dark10/10
,Recommended,503350,26684349,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SterlingPanther™,Far2Spokki4MEH
,Recommended,503350,31049769,Posted: 9 April,all,Max,"Me and my friends played this together and it was really fun! I can see how it would usually get boring so the customability in characters/monsters and lights is a really cool feature! I would like to see workshop support for characters though, but maybe like you can only have 1 slot and you have to be a certain rank."
,Recommended,503350,26380158,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Explicable,"This game deserves a lot more attention than it has recieved.  It is basically a way better version of dead by daylight that has better graphics, more immersion, and is first person.  Fantastic game."
76561198113862084,Recommended,503350,31018901,Posted: 8 April,all,JAYSIN,"very fun game, waayy better than the first white noise. in here you can unock ckins, flashlights, characters, and even be the monster and unlock stuff for it. it is way better and the graphics are a lot better. very fun game to play with friends. definitely a must-play"
,Recommended,503350,31051406,Posted: 9 April,all,Blasted ✪,"Slender + multiplayer + dead realm. Its awesome. Theres a lot of different ways to play and leveling up system. The player base is decent, if you're playing by yourself you should easily be able to get in a game depending on the time of day of course. Awesome game to have fun and play with your friends(or alone)."
76561198072289245,Recommended,503350,31073697,Posted: 11 April,all,Aragel,Good gaem. Need more players :) Please buy this.
76561198146811540,Recommended,503350,27679934,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Пиздохен Швайцен,"Игра хорошо себя показала!Хоть это и ранний доступ,поиграть в неё стоит:)Обзор расписывать не буду,просто напишу10/10,лучшая игра из всех хоррор'ов,в которые я играл:)"
76561198215441909,Recommended,503350,28109015,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,skETcheRs ENrGy liGHts,"If i had to rate this game, i belive id give it a 8.5/10. I think that the game could use some more work and clearer explenations. Thats about the only bad part. I think that this game isnt even just creepy, but VERY fun and replayable. I got this yesterday, and loved it. played it again, loved it. We need more updates and unlockables."
76561198310141045,Recommended,503350,27924292,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,:),If you like Dead By Daylight you will love this and this does make you Jump! lots of potiential great fun so far . :D
,Recommended,503350,31204391,Posted: 17 April,all,Mr.ECLIPSE,"Because of this game my mother heard me scream ""HES IN MY♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ING HELP!"" She thinks I'm gay now.. 10/10"
76561198051669161,Recommended,503350,31447980,Posted: 29 April,all,Shyanekh,"Now this is how you do multiplayer horror!The monsters feel like a legitimate threat as you walk through darkened corridors. They have a variety of tricks and traps to help them ambush the investigators and pick them off one by one. In short, the monster feels like a proper horror film enemy rather than a nuisance or obstacle.It isn't unbeatable though, not by a long shot. The investigators need to work together, help one another and pay attention to their surroundings. Their enemy is very much an ambush hunter, so playing as an investigator requires you to be mindful of the usual horror conventions. Split up to cover more ground? Better make sure you don't end up on your own. Stick together for protection? Just keep an eye on the person at the back...Well worth the money. Give it a shot!"
,Recommended,503350,31052042,Posted: 9 April,all,Alcyone,"Very high quality coop horror game, developer is very responsive and active on the games forums.Quality progression and unlock system. Fair amount of cosmetic options. Game does not get boring with replays of similar situations.Pick it up now or when dead by daylight dies.10/10 definitely recommend"
,Recommended,503350,31148863,Posted: 14 April,all,Bowen,"Great game over all. just needs more players, downvoted due to not being able to play with anyone because there are no lobbies which is annoying, i suggest advertising or something deffs needs more players"
,Recommended,503350,26275406,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,White noise 2 is in Early access and has a very unique style of game play that at least I have never seen before.   At $9.00 it is certainly worth a look as it could turn into a game with solid good cult following.  For example gameplay:https://youtu.be/0q-gjvmul9w
,Recommended,503350,26560919,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,TaylorAlaska,"BUY IT NOW WHILE IT'S CHEAPThis game is a breath of fresh air for multiplayer horror and asymetrical multiplayer.Personally- I love horror, but I have specific tastes in horror and video games that makes it hard for me to find something worth buying.Video games- I don't like to work. I already work. I want video games to not be so challenging. I'm bad at them. I want video games to give me tools I havent seen before, and let me do whatever. This satisfies me in that regard, it's not stressful and angeringly hard.Horror- I don't like jumpscares, they're not horror. I prefer to know I'm safe, but experience eerie things right outside that bubble. This game will satisfy that. You have plenty of chance. It's very immersive, especially with the lights off. You hang around with your friends and move, but things get spooky- and they can be intense, but you're always immersed, and having fun. ESPECIALLY with voice chat.It just needs more players, so please buy it!"
76561198106782025,Recommended,503350,31639738,Posted: 8 May,all,厄夜怪客黑暗尊主,okay game is great and all but so many ppl who play the game that are racist im american born a raised in america but i always catch so many ppl being racist on this game need to lighten up and just play
,Recommended,503350,31045882,Posted: 9 April,all,[☢] PreSet,Im really enjoying this game! I scary but also a lot of fun! Quite dependant on the investigators working together. I'm hoping for more maps and monsters.
,Recommended,503350,31792553,Posted: 16 May,all,6ix9ine,"Me and my friends were looking for a multiplayer horror game and all absoloutley love it. There are many positives about this game, it is very similar to slender man which was one of my favourite game a few years ago. There is hardly any cons about this game, but the cons are that it gets a bit boring and reptitive after a few games and that you can be put against someone who is far better at the game than you making it a bit unfair."
,Recommended,503350,31043542,Posted: 9 April,all,PivZo,"Very fun game. Imagine Slender, but in Co-op with a lot of options for customization and playstyles. Playerbase is a bit low at the moment, but it just came out of early access."
76561198092403114,Recommended,503350,26381104,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,MemeLord™,Old game was golden- new game builds on it in every way. Definitely worthwhile
76561198124214262,Recommended,503350,31453310,Posted: 29 April,all,Reformed Brand,Fun game! Not as scary to me as the first one but still a fun time with friends!
,Recommended,503350,26393650,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,clyd,positive!
,Not Recommended,503350,30111212,Posted: 22 February,all,Runscream,"There was only one session going on atm and I was kicked from it lol. It's a shame I haven't even been able to actually play it, but the game is dead :/ I'll keep trying to get in a game for a few more days, but if it's always as empty as it is right now, I'll just refund it."
,Recommended,503350,26252565,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DotJohn,"Great game. There was lots of improvement from the last one. I totally suggest getting this game, especially if you have a few friends you'd like to play it with. Only suggestion I have at the moment for the game is make running faster. 9/10"
,Recommended,503350,30253992,Posted: 28 February,all,Nuggers(1),"As a person who didn't like Dead by Daylight, I absolutely enjoy this game. It's coming up with a way scarier atmosphere and the overall gameplay is pretty nice. The only con is that barely anyone is playing it. But if you have friends to play it with, you'll have a good time.Important : Only buy this game if you like the smell of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bcs you definitely gonna♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants"
76561198017063239,Recommended,503350,31023137,Posted: 8 April,all,SealfaceSexton,"This game is great, it's got pvp, pve, 1v1, and it pretty blanced. I highly recomend to people looking for a horror game to play with any amount of friends."
76561198104181419,Recommended,503350,31055703,Posted: 10 April,all,WarmTears,"If you're worried about the player-base, at this point we actually have enough to play reguarlarly.  Otherwise great game and I highly recommend voice chat communication."
76561198005146465,Recommended,503350,31068030,Posted: 10 April,all,jon_mccray,very fun and well balanced game play. also no dlc for unlockables or pay to play crap. kinda like left for dead without guns.
,Recommended,503350,26308908,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sir Rattlexnake,Another Dead by Daylight feels... #feelsgoodman :)
,Recommended,503350,30937443,Posted: 4 April,all,Commander and Queef,"Great game, definitely needs more players, as there aren't enough atm.Although it does get a little bit repetitive, its still really fun!Definitely worth buying!"
,Recommended,503350,35503809,Posted: 5 October,all,blinky,"Now this game has a little learning curv but useally a great community to help you learn the basics. basically your in a scooby gang scenerio trying to uncover clues and send the monster back to its realm. You do this by finding tapes and running away form the monster. sounds simple right?  You can play solo against AI or do a online party. Can be difficult 1v1 and hard mode of AI is insane. Great game, if you want the best feel of the game defently play in the dark it made me jump at times. All in all has a few OP abiltes for monsters like Astaroth panic abilty but useally really blanaced and fun. If you like horror survival and not just a  hack and slash this is a great game for you."
,Recommended,503350,26323371,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,claybo,press g to shout
,Recommended,503350,31021722,Posted: 8 April,all,Tyquito,"I played the hell out of the original White Noise on the 360 back when it was popular. The game was incredible and allowed me to enter the genre of multiplayer horror games; consequently, I see White Noise Online 2 appear in my Queue and I just had to buy it!This game is very well made and optimized, however, it does have it's bugs that do get in the way and can be annoying. With that said, the dev team is very responsive and is fixing those bugs faster than Hannah can run!I highly reccomend checking this game out!edit #2: 10 hours in. Still having a blast! Buy it!"
76561198014667171,Recommended,503350,31029554,Posted: 8 April,all,LastLivinLegend,"A great community that needs more people. This game to be putting it simply is 'Horrifying, intense, but also enjoyable!' To enjoy the full experience, as the game states, is LIGHTS OFF - VOLUME UP! And oh, can they be so right! For the last hour I played this game, I'm home alone, and this game scared the pants off me! But I loved every minute. Game wait can be a while, but don't let this put you off. The few people you do meet are respectable, likeable, and friendly. You won't find any A-holes in this small community!Full release has just come out a few days ago, so this game can only expand and I invite you and your friends to join us on this horrifying experience so we can either Live... or die together! Great game."
,Recommended,503350,31030064,Posted: 8 April,all,Sadsack,It's a good game.
76561198051491087,Recommended,503350,34622262,Posted: 30 August,all,LUK3theNUK3,BETTER THAN DEAD BY DAYLIGHT.... enough said
,Recommended,503350,29281202,Posted: 15 January,all,Landoodlie,"A little buggy, but genuinely scary. However if you like a horror with build up you're going to need to find a good monster!"
,Recommended,503350,31029869,Posted: 8 April,all,Beau,"A very suspenseful game that definitely gets you flitching. When you play as the investigator, you definitely won't win without having teamwork with the others and sticking by each other. Good game!"
,Recommended,503350,31639189,Posted: 8 May,all,Slay3r Kill3r,"This game is really fun to play with friends and it would be more fun on Xbox because I have friends that can't play on the computer or don't even have one,so I recommend this game cause it has potential but it needs more publicity.They also should add a new mode it should be called ""Lights Out'' and its a mode where you start out with no flashlight and you have to find one(but you can choose a light at the beginning but you have to find it)that would be a fun/scary mode to play and you can be stealthy because you have no light and it would get players to get anxiety cause of low visibility.Note:This is just a suggestion it would be cool if they added somekind of new mode am i right?"
76561198040545746,Recommended,503350,31111435,Posted: 13 April,all,NarrowGlitch,"Need more advertising for this game.Playerbase is very thin at this moment.6,8/10 lack in players, some connection issues.8/10 If there were more peeps to play with, scares, sound, gameplay are good."
76561197970639512,Recommended,503350,31444426,Posted: 29 April,all,Warlok,"Just an initial reaction to having viewed the tutorial information & videos, then playing solo as a ""victim"". Cool. Good aesthetics and atmosphere. More moody than mere screenshots suggest, White Noise 2 seems to deliver a very eerie 'hunt' experience, drawing upon the banishing-power-of-light mechanic that dminishes in effect the more you are forced to utilize it to stay alive.As with Ziggurat (previous Dev game), you unlock new elements and characters as you play. Looking forward to more, and to cooperative multiplayer with Friends."
,Recommended,503350,30884679,Posted: 1 April,all,Jinxed Mop,I'm looking forward to when this games gathers more players.
,Recommended,503350,26529017,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,K,Gameplay: Average (DAMNED was a probably better game)Music: AverageGraphics: BadPlaying with people speaking in Indian accent telling you not to walk too fast: Priceless10/10
76561198002550932,Recommended,503350,31050512,Posted: 9 April,all,WolfCatDog,"Good game.Very simple to play and has lots of characters with different stats and abilities.Each character also has a few different outfits that affects their stats.Very similiar to damned but feels much more refined. Had no crashes or graphical issues.Team work is essential! Go off alone and you will die.Some games can last a long time and it's hard to win as the investigators, but it doesn't feel unfair.Needs more people playing."
,Recommended,503350,30766550,Posted: 26 March,all,ReizoGames,I absolutely love this game!Favorite jump scare:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_IO-V7sz49IOne of the best things about this game is how frequently the developers update the game.  There is always something new being added and they are awesome about staying on top of bugs/issues and listening to feedback.  I think the only downside to this game is how small the player base is.  I wish more people played this game or even knew about it since sometimes when I log on really late at night it says there are zero players online or in game.  But personally I enjoy the game almost more as a solo experience.  The entire thing feels more terrifying since you can't rely on teammates to save you if you get caught...definitely had some of the best jump scares while playing it that way. But if you like team based survival games (or even solo survival) I highly recommend giving this game a try!
76561198022600614,Recommended,503350,26260208,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Ouijabored,"Never having tried the first White Noise Online, this latest game in the series is fun playing and enjoyable.  I've only tried playing as a survivor.  The visuals are good, the sound effects are good.  The gameplay as a survivor involves  looking for a set number of VHS tapes while trying to temporarily avoid/dispel a demonic creature chasing you around 2 different levels currently which includes an eerie forest level and a dilapitated hospital level in order to beat the match.  It's faily easy to get lost even with a compass to guide you to the general vicinity of the nearest VHS tapes.  You can play solo vs the creature or what i prefer is playing a multiplayer game (4 survivors vs 1 demon) because getting to collaborate with others in your investigative team is much more fun.  Being able to level up for improved gear and unlockable characters is a cool feature to note.  This is a pleasant suprise to the asymetrical multiplayer horror genre (Dead By Daylight, Damned, Dead Realms etc).  With the possibility of additional updates including content, new characters, and creatures being added in it's new EA state, I would definitely recommend this game."
76561198039152770,Recommended,503350,27610815,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Evil Dwight,"4v1 Slender. If you felt like 8 Pages needed multiplayer, human opponents, and several more monster abilities, then give this game a try. Seriously needs more players, but if you're willing to lobby for a while it's an experience well worth it. I'm a dozen or so levels in, and I still get startled by the monster at least once per match. The sounds, visuals, and mechanics are quite intense and cinematic (think Slender, but in Unreal Engine). Environments and characters are simple, atmospheric, and non-distracting. Move speed feels nightmarishly slow and the toony characters seem awkward at first, but the immersion remains intact in the dim, hi-tech lighting.Looking forward to updates, new monsters/powers, and an increase in player base."
,Recommended,503350,29224998,Posted: 13 January,all,PurpleDragon,♥♥♥♥ING LOVE IT
76561198044997846,Recommended,503350,26449174,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ResolutionBlaze,"A few factors go into this review:- Gameplay- Price- Comparions (many Asymmetrical Multiplay Horror Games out there now)Here's the short version:  For the price, this game is worth the download for a quick thrill.  However, don't expect extensive content for two reasons:A) This is a small gameB) It's in early accessThere are a total of 2 monsters, 2 maps, and about 10 investigators.  Because of this, the game is most fun in doses.  Don't expect to be binge playing this game and enjoying it, it can get repeatitive after a little while.  However, this is similar to a baby in conception; it may soon turn out to be something beautiful provided everything goes well.Cheesy similies aside, I would recommend picking up this game if:> You think it can go somewhere down the road> If you have a small computer and want a good multiplayer horror game (the game doesn't require a monster to run)> You want to show your general support for the companyNow, in comparison to most Asymmetrical Horror games that are out and may soon come (Dead By Daylight, Friday The 13th, Last Year) this looks more like a moble game in comparison.  However, price wise this game is a deal.  Dead By Daylight is double the price, and as a former player myself, the community of that game plus the frustrating foundations it was put upon makes this more enjoyable in my opinion.Dead By Daylight is like digging through piles of♥♥♥♥♥♥to find a tiny nugget of gold.  It has fun moments but it can get dull quickly.  Playing scary noises when someone is close doesn't cut it.  The price of Dead By Daylight is about $20, along with the Halloween DLC it would be $26 dollars.This game isn't as fun as those moments in Dead By Daylight, but it certainly isn't♥♥♥♥♥♥  In fact, I'd say this game focuses much more on atmosphere than Dead By Daylight, which is too fast paced to produce any sort of atmosphere.TL;DR:  GET ON WITH IT!!!!Right, right.[POSITIVES, NEGATIVES, MEDIOCRE]+ The game builds good atmosphere.  It is an excellent way to stir up tension.+ At first I was gonna put this as a mediocre, but the monsters look very... weird.  I think it serves to benefit them more.+ The Monster is invisable.  This makes walking around as a team still scary, as you don't know where the monster is.  It's kinda like walking through a haunted house; you don't wanna be in the front necessarily, but when you're in the back you want to casually run up to the front...  The middle is the best place to be.  Most of the scariness comes from the fact that the monster is invisable.+ The price is cheap and affordable.+ The graphic style is unique, a little hard to describe though.- Only two maps- Balance is largely dependent on the map.  St. John's Hospital is a good balanced map, but the Prarie seems to not be balanced at all.  At least it is far too difficult for the monster to get from one side of the river to the other.- Only fun in doses, not compatable with long periods of play.= Content is low, but could change in the future, and considering this price point it isn't too bad.Overall, I did not regret my purchase of this game, and I can safely recommend it."
76561198353915822,Recommended,503350,32963495,Posted: 28 June,all,spart1n8r,its good reel good!
,Recommended,503350,28246409,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Matt_-,very good
,Recommended,503350,28222676,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ejara172,nice game and it runs in almost any PC
,Recommended,503350,31980447,Posted: 26 May,all,Nuregami,"Definitely an improvement from the first White Noise game. With new passives and the ability to play as the monster, the replay value of this game is pretty great!"
76561198343586883,Recommended,503350,31583759,Posted: 6 May,all,Le Sunbro,The jumpscares are not scary enough
,Recommended,503350,31691979,Posted: 11 May,all,The Hamburger Train,pretty good game for the price much much better then the first in my opinion. playing as the monster is alot of fun. more ppl need to get this game tho there isnt many people on ever i keep getting in the same games with the same people.
76561198359965986,Recommended,503350,31729768,Posted: 13 May,all,tonydethjr,hey this game is great i remember the first game i played it on xbox 360 also one problem can you plz make it for ps4!other than that GREAT GAME
76561198125668791,Recommended,503350,31427685,Posted: 28 April,all,Lucky101,I love this game tho i don't have any friends to play it with :( but it's soo good had it since it first came out some serrious updates thx devs :P
,Recommended,503350,30659200,Posted: 21 March,all,EyeGuy,Very good game
76561198199086875,Recommended,503350,28761933,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mr.Joffery,I love it. playing this game is scary everytime you play. no matter how many times you play it. its still going to scare your socks off.
,Recommended,503350,27379463,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WHo AM i?,++
76561198161404784,Recommended,503350,31263087,Posted: 20 April,all,Lickable Pickle,"Very fun game, small community atm. This is something I find myself playing and enjoying every so often."
,Recommended,503350,31381676,Posted: 26 April,all,Eddman37,"Ahh the good old White Noise. For starters I'll open up with this. The game is cost around only $10 (USD for me) so it's worth buying at least to try at that price point. My friends and got this game back in April and I instatly fell in love with it. I didn't buy it for the competetive nature that DbD had, I bought it because I wanted to be scared and this is the only A-Symetrical Horror that I've seen actually pull off the scariness of the atmosphere. Another possitive is that the Devs are crazy active in the community and super nice. They listen to what each person has to say about the balance of the game and the direction of the game it is wonderful. The community is small, yes, but join the discord, trust me, it will make your life so much easier, escpecially as a new player."
,Recommended,503350,31983644,Posted: 26 May,all,Gocamoğlalı48,Oyuncu çok yok ama iyi oyun
,Recommended,503350,26300188,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Pandamonium,Fun as hell with friends 10/10 would jumpscare again.
76561198062555488,Recommended,503350,26406330,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Criogenist,"This is a game with great potential, but you have to keep in mind it's still in alpha so experience will be buggy"
76561198202594482,Recommended,503350,26278529,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Joker,This is a great game so far. The only issue as of now is lack of players!!! More fun with more people!!!Watch some gameplay herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYdsghfdSBY
,Recommended,503350,34212917,Posted: 13 August,all,OneTwo (GG),"A good game, i did one friend with this."
76561197966622063,Not Recommended,503350,34541303,Posted: 27 August,all,Jay Schmeezy,Don't let the positive reviews fool you.  They got me too. The community is dead.  Get this game ONLY if you have 4 other friends to play with.
,Not Recommended,503350,26741790,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Ten24-Khale K'itha,"Sounds like it would be a pretty neat game.  If it ever had more than 0 players in it, at any point in time.I've managed to play one game that took forever to fill.  Other than that, the game sits at 0 games available, at all times."
,Not Recommended,503350,32842566,Posted: 26 June,all,Blaz,"The game needs more players, would suggest you gift a friend or two a copy to help both grow the community and save yourself some stress! The small community is the reason for my downvote really, once more fine tuned it will change.It seems okay from the outside, looks nice, good gameplay and such but...Controls-+Everthing in game seems to work smoothly.-Key mapping. Can't use a button that is mapped for the humans that is mapped for a monster skill and vise versa. edit: Issue with certain keys that hadn't been reported~Visuals-+Doesn't look bad visually by any means.-No gore (LAME)-No borderless window mode, you should not have to buy an extra program to center a window when it can clearly be programmed in. Edit: Use -popupwindow Launch option (will still minimize on main screen when alt tabbing out)SMALL COMMUNITY!-Only see around 50 people playing around one time. Steam charts shows this game is kind of a wash/VERY small cult following from the first.Link to commmunity numbers:http://steamcharts.com/app/503350DLC content paywall--Character DLC.-Monster DLC.It is the year 2017 1/2 so either go all in and charge a lot for the game and give all characters/maps free OR charge for next to nothing, a dollar at most and add TONS of customization. You don't even have to do the work, the community has artisans that will glady make things! Steam Workshop OPPlayer hosting?Hard to say here as all we see are ping bars and not numbers. Don't really notice lag so hopefully it's actually dedicated servers. If not BAAAAAD. PLAYER HOSTING IS BAAAAD.Added:New Player-Prepare to be rendered clueless as nothing in game to help you out!Found an item? Good for you! Too bad you'll be grabbed by the time you figure out how to use it.Tutorials tell you what skills do... while showing random gameplay footage unrelated to the skill. Helpful!In-game chat-Toxic global chat rather than proxy based making you rely on the skills. Monster can see all comments and hear you from anywhere if using a mic.Added even later:Monster isn't even scary knowing all it does use the force to choke you. No slashing or clawing. No sort of blood sport. Then when you die you fall into some pudding... NOT EVEN SO MUCH AS HORRIFIC VISIONS FOR A MOMENT OF YOU BEING TORN APART BY THE BEASTS or something to cause more terror and despair twords the ghosts.Tldr: It's like a baby version of slender...with batteries, tapes and friends."
,Recommended,503350,26668248,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Oswald,"I waiting like this game(Dead By Daylight) so LONG TIME, untill I'm seen this is.Dead By Daylight is high graphic, is the BIG problem of mine.So last let's FUN this game :)"
76561198108750628,Recommended,503350,31030165,Posted: 8 April,all,tommyboy2496,"Amazing, unique game. Just need larger player base!"
,Recommended,503350,33880059,Posted: 29 July,all,FullOfVenom,is p coolgood game10/10 would buy again9/10 would spoop again
,Recommended,503350,31088249,Posted: 11 April,all,BlearGames | YouTuber,White Boys 2. Now with White Girls.
,Recommended,503350,31320502,Posted: 23 April,all,Dark Raccoon,"Giving thumbs up because I want more people in it, this game has to be as famous as Dead  by daylight :D"
,Recommended,503350,31284051,Posted: 21 April,all,pixL,"Step 1: BuyStep 2: Go playStep 3: S*** pantsStep 4: Get lost, lose sanity, get eatenIf you are a team player then you will probably enjoy this game as the investigators. The community is mostly friendly, helpfull and not very toxic.If you are not a team player you will probably enjoy hunting the investigators and making their lives miserable, but unfortunatley it is kind of hard to get a game running as the monster.At first glance the game looks simple but there is a lot more to it after you get hang of the basic mechanics.Overall i would say it is a good, enjoyable game with fair amount of content for a fair price."
,Recommended,503350,31017423,Posted: 8 April,all,No Friends ッ,"Excelent game. Sort of like dead by daylight but in a different style, which is good. Hope you bang out dlcs for this game.Only bad thing, needs more players!"
76561198353853511,Recommended,503350,31023547,Posted: 8 April,all,UnknownDeadZ,"great game, alot  more advanced and improved compare to the last one, jump scares are alot better and the music is more dramatic, not sure i like the player controlled monster seems a bit OP if the guy knows the map off by heart and it does take some of the fun out."
76561198358254389,Recommended,503350,29226247,Posted: 13 January,all,MissKittyBlade,Really good game!
76561198133022867,Recommended,503350,31189904,Posted: 16 April,all,Wtbennjamin,such an under rated game so fun and its really scary at times. its fun as both creature and investigator. this game is a steal for the price of only$9.99. 9/10
,Recommended,503350,30665875,Posted: 22 March,all,Jules,Dead by daylight ?
,Recommended,503350,28367700,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,FN,Quite an interesting product. It is best to play with friends.
,Recommended,503350,31349651,Posted: 24 April,all,geezuzmayne,asom
76561198110575549,Recommended,503350,32662225,Posted: 22 June,all,CHODEZILLA,dopetastic
76561198145585387,Recommended,503350,29156571,Posted: 9 January,all,Kamata Tayama,Amazing game real fun to play i wish it would have more players :>
76561198029177492,Recommended,503350,28226505,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,内容不可见,We need chinese plz !!!!
76561198101290861,Recommended,503350,31299280,Posted: 22 April,all,derpy santa,generally just a good game.Uniqe gameplay everytimeScary as sh*tHope too see more in the future :)
,Recommended,503350,31146591,Posted: 14 April,all,chip,"not spooky, play this with friends you ♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198205400528,Recommended,503350,26428896,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Àstrid Bergès-Frisbey,I recomment u to play this . if u like dead by day.
76561198359932818,Recommended,503350,34660957,Posted: 1 September,all,Sky_Vegaszz,"nice game,actually I bought wrong but pretty also this game"
,Recommended,503350,34469898,Posted: 24 August,all,Aeratos,Gather your buddies and enjoy this awsome game!
76561198359769654,Recommended,503350,31222307,Posted: 18 April,all,Shumm,"ahemBUY IT ALREADYthat is all.duely noted and signed by DKPS:   you can be a freaking monster and its fun af not kidding its nothing like Evolve, dead by daylight or friday the thirteenth this is different in a good way its an gem xx"
,Recommended,503350,26406945,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Dread,"Absolutley amazing! dont hesitate to buy this game! DO IT, JUST DO ITTTTTTT!"
,Recommended,503350,35002889,Posted: 16 September,all,Liebestraum,*not hacking*
,Recommended,503350,32333877,Posted: 10 June,all,720Teen,とても楽しい
,Recommended,503350,30897798,Posted: 2 April,all,Roki,Fun
76561198285006327,Recommended,503350,31013322,Posted: 8 April,all,Shark,so fun :D
,Not Recommended,503350,28110335,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Non Dairy Milk,"I like this game and all, but the thing is that you have to do the same thing over and over again. Still a pretty good game with a cool scare mechanic they put when your a human in this game and all, but they need to add some more things you can do in it. For example, why not add more gamemodes into it or something instead of grabbing the tapes like ALWAYS in the game."
76561198264764311,Recommended,503350,31019140,Posted: 8 April,all,Chaser Farmskins.com,"Too less players ! Please buy this game !!!!! But overall the game was fun. Even if you got devoured by the creature, you still can play the game as a ghost by helping your teamates to destroy the creature idol and many other stuff :D"
,Recommended,503350,31029191,Posted: 8 April,all,Jewk,g u c c
,Recommended,503350,33845431,Posted: 27 July,all,๖ۣۜPolarBear,Great party game.
,Recommended,503350,31027616,Posted: 8 April,all,Seth Startix,"*updated*This game has been a great, low-price, entry to my go-to multiplayer library. I must admit - I hog the monster...its too fun since I have no friends with the game really. But its really what I love about asymmetric multiplayer.Games can be difficult to find depending on the time of day - easily remedied by joining the community Discord. But the amount of content is actually on par with its much more expensive competitors.Still, just a tease unitl Friday the 13th drops. But i def reccomend it!"
,Recommended,503350,26353330,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Jon Gaming,"Such an awesome game!  Takes a game or two to start figuring things out but once you get the hang of it, it is fun.  They could do a better job of explaining by starting out with a turtorial but its whatever :)!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mA4jIinJhLM"
76561197987103121,Not Recommended,503350,31012522,Posted: 8 April,all,Subterfudge,"It's kinda fun, but there isn't much to it. I played barely past the two hour mark so I can't refund it, so I may as well put my 0 cents in. Alot slower paced than something like Dead By Daylight, If you want to play it as such, but kind of lacks that thrill of the hunt that the other game has.Still waiting for the friday the 13th game..."
,Recommended,503350,31030280,Posted: 8 April,all,BOT Forminlo,"Well made game, deserves more players. Very spook, such scare. 8 spooky weaboos out of 10!"
,Not Recommended,503350,28156001,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,PelleThePump,Servers are really bad right now.. :/
,Not Recommended,503350,28204396,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,MegaFaggoty344,It crash all the time its so scary
,Not Recommended,503350,33337919,Posted: 7 July,all,L U N A / R \,"Game is fun, but never recieved the popularity it should have causing you to only find 1 lobby with the same group of people :/"
,Recommended,503350,33245336,Posted: 4 July,all,Mexicano Guinea Pig,Spooky vibes
,Recommended,503350,31044195,Posted: 9 April,all,Sandborne,Its fun but not a game to play every day all day
,Not Recommended,503350,31308885,Posted: 22 April,all,Nite,"After seeing all the positive reviews I was dying to try this game, i'm a big fan of horror games and after spending 600+ hours in dead by daylight i'm itching for new games that are similar.Well... I wish i could say that I recommend this game, but I cannot. I feel like this game is having an identity crisis. Everything about this game screams HORROR at you, however after playing the game and seeing the characters you wont be very scared at all. Half of the survivors are modelled horrifically, they all look like they have downs. Some of them look straight out of a scoobydoo episode, which would be fine if the game had a comedic side to it, but there is no focus on humor here. This game wants you to be scared, run around with your friends looking for clues, but how can you be scared when you're running around with a girl in overalls with huge purple hair that bounces while she runs? I wasn't scared and you won't be either.Another problem with the game is the length of each individual match. After you collect all the clues you must go destroy ancient sigils to banish the monster, and yknow what, it takes a long time and its boring. Getting chased by the monster isn't really scary or tense like it is in other games like dead by daylight. In White Noise 2 all you do is shine your flashlight at the monster or throw a glow stick at it to slow it down. If you use your flashlight on it a couple times it is forced to teleport away. Not scary and really annoying when you play as the monster. If you do die as a human however, you turn into a ghost and can help your team that remains alive, this seems like a smart idea but it just prolongs the game further and makes you stick around when you could be in another game actually having fun, not floating around as a ghost helping OTHER people have fun.Look this game has all the things to be a decent horror game, spooky monsters, decent graphics and huge maps, however it ruins it all with the awful character models and gameplay. It's boring, not immersive and every match takes forever. Use your money to buy a game that's ACTUALLY scary and fun, unlike White Noise 2."
76561198376035039,Recommended,503350,31322108,Posted: 23 April,all,zschanus,get teh game
76561198190178042,Recommended,503350,28842558,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,itsmehandro,young metro trusts this game
,Recommended,503350,26570342,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,sadcabbage,i scare frend and he screrm but then run like me from cop but very good game i got scarded and deid btu is all good man yes?
,Not Recommended,503350,28204382,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,|LDP| LostPurpleWolf,The scariest thing in the game is pressing buttons.It just way to scarry you never know when its gonna crachs.
76561198348979655,Recommended,503350,31009176,Posted: 7 April,all,D3rp,nICE
76561198064467907,Not Recommended,503350,30782785,Posted: 27 March,all,[VAP]Broke Hawk,"played for ten minutes and continualy ran into these blue mushroom things constantly. could move my character at all. couldnt even see the level at all. my character constantly just kept looking at his hands and i could even see the hands very well. the whole experience was ruined by game mechanics that were intended, to do i dont even know what. Maybe it wont suck so hard in future updates. Also there are a ton of good reviews for this game. but does anyone even play? There are maybe two lobbies open at any given time all with one monster player in them."
,Not Recommended,503350,28541834,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Sinister Pink,Fun little horror game but the UI needs to improve drastically
76561198082358812,Recommended,503350,26306630,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Chilly Pepper,Scooby Doo: The Jew Noise Starting Character
,Not Recommended,503350,34259712,Posted: 15 August,all,「Iriya」,"Keeps crashing everytime when playing as a survivor, especially in end of the game."
,Not Recommended,503350,26411609,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,kEY,"pretty boring, very slow paced and when action does happen its not very exciting or scary"
,Not Recommended,503350,32790609,Posted: 25 June,all,twitch.tv/presidentjacky,it's not fun the best three words to describe it
,Not Recommended,503350,31386166,Posted: 26 April,all,FriendInTheFray,The game is great until you play every map. At that point it just gets SO boring.Normally i expect a game to be interesting for at least a hundred hours of gameplay. after two hours i was totally done. and thats uncommon for me.
76561198340471984,Not Recommended,503350,28212150,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,BabyEddy^^,GM Pls Fix Could Not Join Room < Reason Unknow >when i try join room allways show up this !
76561198069656977,Not Recommended,503350,26304420,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Bio,Its a great game but im finding it impossible to play. It would be running fine but then half way though a game it just stops responding and I just cant seem to level up at all. I'd like to give it a thumbs up but I just cant until it stops crashing on me
76561198289783745,Recommended,503350,32299538,Posted: 9 June,all,RyeVV.S,It would be better if this was a shooter game
,Not Recommended,503350,31273857,Posted: 21 April,all,Lord Death-Em-Up,"Hmmm - its a weird gameIn multiplayer you have people wandering off (obviously not following the compass) so they nobbled quickly and in single player its just you.Shining a light on the creature doesn't seem to do much, so you always get attacked no matter what."
76561198018303546,Not Recommended,503350,31547722,Posted: 4 May,all,_xXx_ Fresh M0le Guac.,"I'm not sure how this game has received so many fantastic reviews, but I find it greatly lacking. I spent most of my time confused as to what to do, where to go, and was part of teams that kept taking batteries so I was left with none. There was nothing creepy or scary about this game; just flat out frustrating.I came looking for an alternative to Dead by Daylight, as I absolutely adore that game. I know these are two different kinds, but the horror survival aspect is what drew me in, regardless of the objective. It felt very lack lustre and I would not recommend this to anyone in my position."
76561198177791606,Not Recommended,503350,30350945,Posted: 5 March,all,Ribz óÓÒò,I couldn't even play with my friend who lives in the same f*cking country and live 10 mins from my house... just not worth the rage.Im getting a refund
76561198015642058,Not Recommended,503350,26504611,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,TNeTeNZ,"I am very disappointed in this game. From the trailers and gameplay videos from youtube it looked really fun and creepy, and that is the case, the first 2 rounds. You simply get so used to it that it loses it's value really fast. I bought this with a friend to play together and we both found it so dull after just 2 rounds that we decided to refund."
76561197962126760,Not Recommended,503350,33542792,Posted: 14 July,all,JellonaVesa,"Arena runner, not good."
,Not Recommended,503350,29945755,Posted: 15 February,all,Brutus,"No fun at all. Played with my friends to get some jump scares, not worth my time!"
,Recommended,503350,31020185,Posted: 8 April,all,WillowTheCat,"I really like this game, if you have an operatunity you should get this game. Idk its your opinion."
,Not Recommended,503350,29551316,Posted: 28 January,all,Will,"I cant recommend this game, just feels clunky and low buget and its really not scary, too cartoon like"
,Not Recommended,503350,33754794,Posted: 23 July,all,Dus10,"This game...well is bad. There are a few different reasons why this game is bad,Total Darkness does not equate to fun gameplay.:In a world full of video games that are imitating slender, you would think that a flashlight mechanic would  have died quicker than the flashlight batteries in this game. Yes there are different flashlights that don't drain batteries as much, but that would require me to play a lot longer than I desire.Sadly this game is also holding onto the idea of dark being scary like America.  The only thing that is scary about the darkness is the lack of gamma control in the game. So I have to get up to my TV and turn the darkness up. That still is not bright enough to show me why this game is good.Multiplayer is dead....ishWhile finding a game is easy, finding a game that is full is the real problem. I have played with the same people again and again on accident. It's not Umbrella Corps dead, but give it a few months and it will be as equally dead, as I feel on the inside for purchasing this game.Surviving the void:As a survivor you only have one goal, find tapes. That is it.  So if your party sticks together you should be able to beat this game pretty easy.EhNo"
,Not Recommended,503350,31047952,Posted: 9 April,all,Devilblaze,"Played for an hour and noticed the player base feels dead. It's just not worth it. Just bought it to try it out. The games like Dead By DayLight, but in fps. It's fun if you have friends to play with, just not able to play with a dead community."
,Not Recommended,503350,31092921,Posted: 12 April,all,IRideBarney,"LIttle to no player base, Game mechanics make no sense. You have a fully charged flashlight and still walk into walls because you can only see 1 foot infront of you. Only defense against the monster is pointing your flashlight at it, which works %20 of the time"
76561198055607406,Not Recommended,503350,31346750,Posted: 24 April,all,Black Chinese 猶,No players mang
76561198280985569,Not Recommended,503350,29966840,Posted: 16 February,all,Pvt. Prtz,"There were 3 people in the world that played this game yesterday. There is no multiplayer, single player is naff. Do not buy unless you want to be lonley."
76561198218458060,Not Recommended,503350,34169523,Posted: 11 August,all,Om3ga-Z3ro,"It's very difficult to like this game but the objective, monster, skills and setting makes no sensextra and I don't feel much progression in this game. ""Oh hey you leveled up here's a new flashlight."" ""Oh hey you leveled up again here is a new character that doesn't have any difference in skills but just pro and con perks."" It's boring. I would be playing dead by daylight but that game has an incompetent matchmaking system."
,Not Recommended,503350,26639194,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Lon3r$ton3r,The first one was much scarier. That is the only reason I bought it in the first place. Was to get scared but it's not even scary. The pop-ups are so slow and the noises don't even scare me. Very sad that they did'nt really improve it at all. I mean they improved the gameplay and added more things to do but they should of worked around the scary game that they made the first time. The 4 v AI was really fun and it stalking you through the game was amazing and fun scary. You turn and see it their then you run and turn again and its gone. The jump scares in the first one was pretty good the visional didnt get you it was the noises that would scare you with the immediate pop up. This one the noises suck and it takes forever for it to pop-up.
,Not Recommended,503350,30883813,Posted: 1 April,all,Near,"The game could have been good if it had more active people, so unless you have friends who would buy this game, this game is complete waste of money"
76561197993864252,Not Recommended,503350,26443637,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,†VLAD THE IMPALER†,"Ya got it then refunded it, so slow and boring as someone else in review said it's a walking simulator."
76561198326535892,Not Recommended,503350,35071978,Posted: 19 September,all,jjjjjjjjj,Dead game :(
,Recommended,503350,30987917,Posted: 6 April,all,R][nkU,"Hello creators of ""White Noise 2""!I gotta say, the games you make are pretty scary :Pthis game is another recommended game like the other game.(I recommend White Noise Online)I gotta say. I had this game for a L O N G time.I'd be happy if you could make a demo for ""White Noise Online"" and be able to just do ""1V1""Also for a button that says Transfer Data.Tho, I still love this game.Anybody who wants to kind of be scared. You can try this.Tho the creators need to do a better update.In my opinoin, this game is great. But like the first game.You need to try harder.The only way to get scared in this is if the monster is behind you and you never knew.Or if the monster appeared out of no where.Still.Awesome game.But how did i get Pharaonic for free."
76561198041528896,Not Recommended,503350,31656334,Posted: 9 May,all,Sikijon,"Its not scary at all, and it gets boring pretty quick"
,Not Recommended,503350,33768653,Posted: 24 July,all,Spectra,The game focuses so much on being difficult that it forgets about being fun. Due to the lack of any minimap you spend so much time focused on navigation the creature grabbing you is less of a scare and more of a nusicansce
,Not Recommended,503350,31171982,Posted: 15 April,all,Smitty D Kitty,FOV is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,503350,31146820,Posted: 14 April,all,TheCanonGamer,Wanted to love this game but couldn't even get to main menu.
76561198028496136,Not Recommended,503350,30863358,Posted: 31 March,all,ElCompadre,"POORLY EXTREME BAD OPTIMIZATION? Pc is heating up to 55c even on 800x600 windowed no AA and medium settings. Battlefield 1 reaches 40-45. And there are no players, around 10 or 15. REFUND."
,Not Recommended,503350,33291084,Posted: 5 July,all,Circus Of Values,Bort från mig
,Not Recommended,503350,35044765,Posted: 18 September,all,Chrissy :^),"Fun game, for 2 hours. Refunded right after. There really is no replay value."
76561198207841148,Not Recommended,503350,31280235,Posted: 21 April,all,Supercoolguy5626,Just no
76561198195168759,Recommended,503350,26251039,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Rhombus,10/10 ign
76561198028712801,Not Recommended,503350,30937123,Posted: 3 April,all,LORD POTATO_DK,No players online
76561198121601889,Not Recommended,503350,31477118,Posted: 30 April,all,Peon,like 15 people online at any given time.  dead.
,Not Recommended,503350,26379885,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Schwartz,It's... Decent at best. Buy Damned instead.
76561198079444583,Not Recommended,503350,26336886,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,GhostlyWithin,"“The current version should be perfectly playable and mostly bug-free.”1) cant connect to friends2) everyone loses connection3) game crashesthree bugs straight off the bat, Dont reccomend ""yet"""
76561198187111199,Not Recommended,503350,28716797,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,okcazure,This game has great graphics and looked very promising. It was not worth playing for long as there is no weapons or real means of defense.  Due to this aspect some may love it it but I personally did not. I played for ~1 hour and now I'm done with it...
,Not Recommended,503350,26302382,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Faggots4sale,I love this game it's just but there is no one online in the game wtf...
,Not Recommended,503350,34376712,Posted: 20 August,all,Cifrela,Well. I had hopes for this game. Good hopes. But when I bought it and played it(sighs). It is boring as f***. The creature comes every five seconds and goes away so quick. One light stick is enough for you to escape from the monster. And you are doing this every five seconds. It gets boring so quick. Don't play it don't even come closer to it. Play Damned instead.
,Not Recommended,503350,33272338,Posted: 5 July,all,El Presidente,"I bought this game an hour ago and asked for a refund.It`s a boring game. Walking simulator with flashlight, where you need to find clues. You can also die btw.Don`t be surprised if you won`t find enough lobbies. This game ain`t popular for a reason.I warned you."
76561198046857943,Recommended,503350,30993419,Posted: 7 April,all,Misguided Penis,>starts game>be survivor>easyshit.jpeg>team doesn't know how to play>every other survivor shouting at each other>run away from yelling survivors>gets killed by monster and poos11/10 would poo again
76561198294792800,Not Recommended,503350,35352931,Posted: 30 September,all,Sam I am,game sucks got bord after 5 min
76561198354412821,Not Recommended,503350,34983709,Posted: 15 September,all,cocksuckulus,this game sucks
,Not Recommended,503350,31106415,Posted: 12 April,all,Fart Salad,This game is trash. 0.6/10 made me want to kms.
76561198080511678,Not Recommended,503350,34072918,Posted: 6 August,all,9+10=21,"actually dont buy it, in the first place it seems good but its like an ad of a big mac..in the tv it seems great and all in detail but when you get it its not what you actually expected, 100% regret trust me , and if u can give me a ps4 i am gonna write a song for you for real"
,Not Recommended,503350,26570302,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,MrWish,"Is Scary Man, very scary I dieded D:"
,Not Recommended,503350,26374856,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Bach,Its♥♥♥♥♥♥:(
76561198060459268,Not Recommended,503350,31011905,Posted: 8 April,all,|Zayde_,Cant play in mac book pro the game start and end up error
76561198313227545,Not Recommended,503350,34103706,Posted: 8 August,all,Hocus Pocus,slenderman rip off and the worst kind
,Not Recommended,503350,32739607,Posted: 24 June,all,✪ Taruk,"buying this game was the worst mistake of my life, its not even scary, trust me its not scary at all. the only good thing about this game is that when i right click it on my library it shows me the unistall buttom :)"
76561198094525363,Not Recommended,503350,31032793,Posted: 8 April,all,blakeskates,No community for online game play. It would be better if it had guns. I bought it and returned it in the same day.
76561198302973698,Not Recommended,503350,26321198,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,christinalaw101,it f@$# sucks
76561198095175997,Recommended,503350,30549339,Posted: 16 March,all,Toast,"Great game with friends, the only downside is that there is hardly anyone online."
,Recommended,503350,30560813,Posted: 16 March,all,Silence,"if you're playing as a black man, you're practically invisible.10/10 for good mechanics.needs more players tho."
,Recommended,503350,29902448,Posted: 13 February,all,OOF,.
76561197961853814,Recommended,503350,30785418,Posted: 27 March,all,Demonnightsnow✠,"Very fun game, very team based and has some pretty good scares solo. I would reccomend it for the price, but is lacking a bit of players, however overall good horror game."
76561198208592269,Recommended,503350,30782269,Posted: 27 March,all,LoremasterGinger,Fun to play with friends
,Recommended,503350,30883857,Posted: 1 April,all,Johan,"Rly nice Game! its like a Dead By Daylight with abillities, and is kinda scary! Awesome with friends and randoms! My friend had a issue that the game would randomly crash, but putting -force-d3d9 into your launch options fixed it! The only con is that there barely is any players playing, but when u play with your friends it really doesn't matter. Please buy this with a friend so the playerbase can grow!"
,Recommended,503350,26405715,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Dust,"This is a game I bought without really knowing if I'd like it or if it'd be any better than any of the other games of the genre.If you want to compare it to other similar titles, it's like dead by daylight if dead by daylight didn't have a toxic community and players exploiting ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game design decisions. And it's like damned if damned wasn't frustrating and lacking after a while.It's incredibly well done for an early access game (and yeah I still buy quite a few despite the disdain people have for them). It's balanced, you don't feel cheated by the game or the players and that means I don't feel frustrated or annoyed when I lose against good players even if it was a close match. That's because you know they just played well.A round lasts 10 minutes on average so it's great if you just want a few quick games after work or school. With friends it's even better.It's just my opinion but for its cheap price this game delivered where the two games mentionned above didn't.Congrats to the devs. I hope this gains the popularity it deserves."
76561198133674301,Recommended,503350,26434250,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Leave me alone,why i can't host or connect to my friends?
,Recommended,503350,26440875,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Methical,very nice! the graphics are suprisingly good and the gamer is super fun Thumbs UP!
76561198056353275,Recommended,503350,26439438,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sandeep_Manjeer,Simple game that's lots of fun!
,Not Recommended,503350,29572134,Posted: 29 January,all,☢ Gleb Taranow ☢,nah
76561198037780962,Recommended,503350,26428316,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Madhats,"This game is phenomenal.  The atmosphere really completes the game.  The playerbase is only growing, and getting into games is easier now."
,Recommended,503350,26418532,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ref444,"I actually really love this game, it takes me back to the days when me and my friends sat around playing the first one ad screaming our asses off. I have just one complaint and its a big one, its just not that scary, I never jumped once in my first few matches, and the times I did its because I looked at the wrong time. The jumpscares need to be more LOUD and IN YOUR FACE. It needs to POP OUT with a bg BANG. Also a mode where you can fight an AI creature would be very appreciated. Still a great game, and it would be amazing if you took my advice!"
,Recommended,503350,30916416,Posted: 2 April,all,Peanut366,"Awesome game, especially playing as the creature.  It would be a lot better if there were more players playing it, but I expect that will happen when it releases fully."
,Recommended,503350,30917196,Posted: 2 April,all,PoPeYeS,"This game is worth the money. It is smooth, scary, and great to play with others."
,Recommended,503350,30893707,Posted: 1 April,all,Trenty,"Honestly a great game especially for the early access money. A multyplayer horror, why wouldn't you want to get it. The different monsters have a whole range of unique abilities which can be suited to your play style. Same with the playable characters. Theres 5 maps already and with what the game looks like it's headed theres a♥♥♥♥♥♥tone more content on it's way. This really seems like a game you could invest atleast 100 hours into unlike single player horrors which you couldn't get a tenth of that time. So what are you waiting for! Get this game before it goes full release.Pro's-Great gameplay-unique playable characters-Alot of planned contentCons-Not many people playing at the momment around 10-50. (however this will change after full release).-A few bugs and OP abilities need to be balanced."
76561198267671335,Recommended,503350,26292070,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Right wing sloth,It is a great game and has loads of potential although it doesnt have a large player base yet.It is the perfect mixture of dead by daylight meets slender 8 pages.And it is really easy on your computer
76561198119443701,Recommended,503350,26442045,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Joshua Paul Blackerby,"This game Is very scary, I know Its In Earily Acess Stages, but It Is awesome, I rate It 10/10, I weill get scxared again! This game also has awesome graphjics too!"
,Recommended,503350,28658168,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Tarowe,I've played a few hours and was amazed at the quality gameplay and graphics of a horror game based on teamwork
76561197961201175,Recommended,503350,28642581,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,FrankTheTank,"I feel compelled to write a review for this. Its a fun, albeit simple game. It plays well for an early access title (obviously not as much content as there should be but everything else is solid) and the price point is awesome. If you're in the mood for a 4v1 asymmetrical horror game you can't really go wrong with this."
76561198169890761,Recommended,503350,28228187,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,blab1148,"I like the amount of ways to play and how the games can go, plus this game always keep me on edge, whether you decide to stick with a group, or venture off on your own and ""stealth"".I hope that you guys at Milkstone Studios keep on updating this game, because i loved the first online game, and now i will love this one.Good job peeps, and i hope this game grows in popularity."
76561198011126382,Recommended,503350,28085376,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dante,"I know i have not played this game for much, but i have played the first White Noise, which was just called White Noise Online. For a sequel this is pretty great, they added the pro and con abilities rather then just stats to differentiate your playstyle/character. In addition to this, you can play as the monster, with monsters increasing in numbers as updates come.Overall this game is fun, scary, and quite similar to dead by daylight if you want to look at it in that sort of sense, the only thing that saddens me is that there seems to be a low playerbase, and this game deserves so much more for the work being put into it!"
,Recommended,503350,27918547,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NightBolt,"the rush of nastalgia is sooooooo much fun, if you played/liked the first one you will definently like this one. 10/10 would rate again"
,Recommended,503350,27759215,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,♥Sister♥ Abracadavre 😘,"Great job brining back one of my favorite classic horror games!! I love the new style of it now with the new charecters and the different monsters you can play as, I loved the first game and I am so far addicted to it, I would highly reccomend getting this game."
76561198301056990,Recommended,503350,33497261,Posted: 13 July,all,Dessocool,When you're the creature and 3 investIgator are down  u can toy around with the last standing investIgator . It's always funny watching them watch their six and constantly throw glow stix. I'm fairly new the the game and I've got the hang of it. I thought playing as the creatures would suck. Turns out I play as them more than the investIgator. Cool game for $9.
76561198202779734,Recommended,503350,29348890,Posted: 18 January,all,Doug Dimmadab,Amazing game but trent wont play with me so im sad 9/10
,Recommended,503350,29618204,Posted: 31 January,all,kmp,"I'm gunna be pretty lenient when giving my opinion on White Noise 2 since it's only in early access... so keep that in mind.Anyways, I think it's a good idea to start off by saying that I don't love this game, but I definitely don't hate it.Everything about it seems fair the gameplay has a good start and at times can be fun with friends, HOWEVER, there are some features in this game that kind of kill the experience and almost stray away from the base factor in this game which is horror.The only problems I have with this game are as follows:-The ambient noises really aren't scary at all and are played too often which take away the eerie feeling you COULD get from this game-The monster shouldn't be so damn bright, it ruins the jump scaring since you can see the thing from miles away-Everyone's movement should be faster including the moster to create more chance scenarios and creating fear-And the gameplay itself gets very boring very quick (which faster movement could indirectly effect the pace and moments of interest with this game)Almost everything else is pretty decently made, I can't wait to see what this game has left to offer."
76561198176500727,Recommended,503350,29734766,Posted: 5 February,all,~DRONE~,I like this game alot. It's really hard and scary. You have to work as a team or you're screwed. It needs a bigger fan base and popularity.
76561198153724624,Recommended,503350,29662895,Posted: 2 February,all,Webby(FF),"I may not have played for many hours on this game, but I know the ins-and-outs of how to survive in this game. The only hard part is trying to learn how to play. For all newcomers of the game, I reccomend playing the third free character in the game, Rinko. Just don't play alone, because the AI is very experienced, both in Single Player and Coop. Leveling up throughout the game is kind of a hassle, but the more you level up, the more expansive the game will be. It is kind of sad to see that not many people end up playing this game, and I'm afraid that it may rest with White Noise Online in the graveyard - an opportunity that White Noise 2 does not deserve, because this game is a huge improvement over the first. I do hope to see how complete the game will be, and I also hope that the game has a bigger community. This game is especially fun to play with friends, as long as you all stick together and really work as a team.Oh, and voice chat is highly recommended, because typing in-game will certainly grant you a pass to being a ghost. Good luck, newbies - I'm more than glad to help out."
,Recommended,503350,29758176,Posted: 7 February,all,alex,Super scary game! FUN when played with friends!
,Recommended,503350,29900247,Posted: 13 February,all,RAIZO,"At least 12,000,000 times better than the first game. It's true, whereas White Noise was essentially just a quick, cheap ripoff of Slender: The 8 Pages, White Noise 2 is a much more robust game that sets itself aside from the rest of the 4v1 style horror games in recent years and manages to establish its own identity and feel unique in its presentation.Graphically, it's a pretty stylish game. The character models may appear somewhat cartoony but don't let that fool you, as the environments are stunning in their level of visual detail and absolutely horrifying in presentation. As you play the game you'll level up, which will serve to unlock new types of flashlights, characters and character outfits (both survivors and monsters). Also, you can play solo or online but sadly there are so few people playing this game at this point that you'll likely be spending most of your time playing solo as a survivor (I don't think there's a way to play this way as the monster). To me this is worth the asking price but if you only want to play online, which is easily the most fun, then you may want to wait for a sale.Here's to hoping that the fanbase for this game (series) grows over time."
,Recommended,503350,30143332,Posted: 24 February,all,The YELLiTOR,Really fun game. Creepy and a great looking game. Me and my friend had lots of fun with this. Check it out here if you're on the fencehttps://youtu.be/acVC_T6HEQo
76561197991426526,Recommended,503350,30158688,Posted: 24 February,all,๖ۣۜKalibur,"It's a fun little game to play with your friends. It may seem slow at first, but when you get into it, you usually start to have fun with the game. A few things still need to be twerked out. Such as survivor and creature pathing, but overall it is playable."
76561198125231507,Recommended,503350,31192905,Posted: 16 April,all,KnockKnockWolf,"I enjoyed the concept of this game and everything. Super fun with people. Even if I try to jump over fences and can't, I still enjoy the game."
76561198340358600,Recommended,503350,31193071,Posted: 16 April,all,wolfy,"This ia just a great game. Nothing more to say. JUST GREAT. JUST BUY IT ALREADY.And for the ones that say AHAHAHAH THIS GAME IS DEADM, NO PLAYERS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T DOWNVOTED, look at the ♥♥♥♥ing release date idiots. 7th April 2017. A game that has been released 10 days ago, has so many positive reviews and so good community?Unbeliveble. Great game devs. Keep the good work up and don't let this be a dead game."
,Recommended,503350,31129640,Posted: 13 April,all,Htea,This game is pretty much classical cthulhu with 4 investigators abandoned in a large map to deal with unknown mystery and survive aganst the monster. The experince of game is cool with horrifically awesome sound and graphic effects except that the game is not balanced for now. It is so hard for mankind to win as it requires almost a seemless teamwork over a pub game. better play with friends.
,Recommended,503350,31131860,Posted: 14 April,all,M O T O K O,"Nice game, it's not to scarry!Would buy again, the price is really low for that content.Very good graphics!Need's more players for online gaming."
,Recommended,503350,31139232,Posted: 14 April,all,Jze<MotherFuckin>Verdoux,"i bought this game for few days ago and the first 2-3 minutes i already♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. It's worth buying it. Well the game is pretty simple, 4 humans or investigaters and 1 monster. You basically need like 2-3 people who knows what is going on or who knows how to beat the game. This game kinda reminds me of Scooby doo but way more ♥♥♥♥ing scary.Buy the game, cuz this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! 9/10About the game:-There are ♥♥♥♥in tons of characters and characters skin to unlock.-The monster is ♥♥♥♥ing scary. (i♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants)-Cheap.-worth buying.-Scary as hell.-The game is pretty much like damned, Dead by daylight and Deadrealm.The tips are:-Stick with your teammates.-Check your backs all the time. (if you dont wanna get your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ed)-Work as a team to win the game.-Flashlight doenst help you.-If you are scared to go somewhere that way is the right way.-"
76561198077813627,Recommended,503350,29930830,Posted: 14 February,all,jacoby2041,"If people played the game it would be good. I recommend it because it needs more players. The game is good, but without people it is much less fun. So, should you not get it since there are few players, or should you get it and help contribute to the amount of players? It is up to you.Also the game being in early access is likely a big part of the reason there are few players."
76561198078041611,Recommended,503350,31395364,Posted: 27 April,all,Archer King Ikaros,Bought this game for my friend and I and we absolutely enjoy it!
,Recommended,503350,31081214,Posted: 11 April,all,Humorous Knight,every time i want catch an investigator and then he or she just take the tape with no clue that i just walk toward to them...great game 10/10
,Recommended,503350,26259903,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Oolong Dragon,"Originally didnt recommend the game because of stability issues and not being able to play essentially, went back and tried it and was really surprised, Gameplay wise is pretty fun, the graphics feel like they need to be optimized mainly was the biggest issue in my opinion, played like 5 games as investigators it was pretty fun, was glad the monster A.I was actually challenging if not even more then player monsters, there feels like a major lag between input and player movement in the game I don't know if thats intentional, I wish that all the players movement was increased in scale along with monsters, right now sprinting feels like you're barely jogging but maybe that depends on who you play I have to test thatTL:DR Game is fun just suffers from some optimization problems but much better then before"
,Recommended,503350,31221797,Posted: 18 April,all,ClassicRampage,"White Noise 2 is an extremely fun game, especially with your friends. The only problem I'm facing is the lack of servers, it's sometimes hard to find a game and a lot of the time I have to wait long periods of time to get a full player match.If you have friends that will play with you, or you're looking to have a fun horror-filled time, I'd buy it."
,Recommended,503350,31262610,Posted: 20 April,all,Jesusbeef,"If you're looking for a horror game to play this your friends, then you've come to the right game!Once you play with your friends it won't be as scary as playing by yourself because you'll just be laughing with your friends the entire time. But if you're looking for a game that will entertain you when you're bored, this is it.In this game, you play either an investigator, or monster.The investigator's objective-(there are at least 4 investigators)- is to find clues, and artifacts and reveal the origins of the monster's existence and send him back to win!The monster's objective is to stop the investigators by killing them one by one, but there is a way to defense yourself as an investigator, and that's the flashlight!Here are the pros, and the cons:Pros:- Fun experience- Play with your friends- Play as two classes (monster, investigator)Cons:- Time consuming- Repetitive- Not much to offer in this game (yet)"
76561198011471922,Recommended,503350,31413422,Posted: 28 April,all,BIGBen,"Good game, little players, not very scary for me but a lot of fun. I really like the gameplay mechanic.I hope more people will play this soon."
,Recommended,503350,31672773,Posted: 10 May,all,KibitzRajas,"I suggest this game it's scary and fun, there can be funny moments."
76561198179955139,Recommended,503350,31752336,Posted: 14 May,all,Simba,is nice
,Recommended,503350,30783269,Posted: 27 March,all,BraydxneGaming,"White Noise Online 2 is an amazing game. It features a pretty balanced 4v1 system, and it's easy to learn. Although the character models are.. special.. to say the least.. (minus the two new characters who look amazing.) The game is fun, great graphics, and GREAT voice acting. The community is friendly and everyone appears to be helpful. Now, the downfall. The playerbase is small. Although it appears that over 50 players are online, only 1-3 games are public! You will need friends, or make some friends on the official discord to play this game enjoyable."
,Recommended,503350,31895421,Posted: 21 May,all,RedDawn Boulder,"I love this game. I have always loved this series from start to finish. also, the first white noise was my first horror game I have played. sad thing is no one is online"
76561198261070745,Recommended,503350,32567109,Posted: 19 June,all,☆♧AdY SiMpLu♧☆,"Foarte frumos acest joc recomand.Are cerinte foarte mici de sistem,felicitari celor care au facut jocul!!!"
,Recommended,503350,32191305,Posted: 4 June,all,Optimistically Pessimistic,"Plays similarly to Slender the 8 pages: 8 objects, except they vary and you and your 4 man team have to hunt them down before everyone is dead. When a player dies they are resurrected as a Ghost and can continue to help your team by highlighting objects and sabatoging monster traps.Multiple monsters that are all suited to different playstyles which is very nice aswell.There are various items you can use to aid yourself and team mates.""Energy Bar"" increases sprint speed and how long you can sprint before you get tired""Statuette"" A totem-like statue that dulls the creatures senses making it harder to hunt your team down""Transmitter"" Leads you to the nearest object you need to collect""Flashbang"" Blinds the monster so you can make a speedy getaway""Medkit"" Is used to heal health if you get injured by the monsterAnd of course batteries scattered about because everyones flashlight has limited battery.Also a large pool of characters you unlock as you level up with differing strengths and weaknesses and a unique perk and negative perk, all of the characters also have alternate costumes that fluctate their stats.Suprisingly enough there are also different flashlights that have more or less battery life, range, and can postively or negatively affect character stats.Wasn't expecting much, was looking for a team survival horror that wasn't buggy as all hell and this fit the bill. It also had a surprising depth to it. Only con to the game is that the community is very small, hopefully as more updates and improvements to the game arrive so will more players. Would be tons of fun with friends"
,Recommended,503350,32216617,Posted: 6 June,all,Jubbe,"Great game for 10 euros. Things unlocked by leveling up aren't OP so low level people have a chance against bigger level people. Looks great and is smooth to play. Achievements are reasonable and not too easy to get. Only negative thing I have found this far is small community, but you just need couple friends to buy this game and that thing is fixed ;)"
,Recommended,503350,32278264,Posted: 8 June,all,[TRLG] TheProNerd,I enjoy this game I think its better than the first one since you get to play as the monster in this one and also some dlc's are in this one then another cool thing I like is that an ai can play as the monster and you can set its difficulty on standard mode online I don't know about solo but I think this game is amazing!
,Recommended,503350,32756564,Posted: 24 June,all,AirshipMTL,"Awesome 4v1 survival horror game. Simple setup, addictive gameplay. Haven't had this much fun losing my mind with friends in a long time."
76561198061903912,Recommended,503350,32857339,Posted: 27 June,all,PriscillaW0ng,"This game is freaking intense and horrible no matter how many times that you have been played.For those who loves to play horror games and scream out loud together with friends, I would strongly recommend you to purchase White Noise 2 !"
,Recommended,503350,32839594,Posted: 26 June,all,Durak,Very polished game
76561198064646691,Recommended,503350,32877234,Posted: 27 June,all,♥Appy♥,I personally like this game its good but its not great. Maybe a little more content would help it other than that I really do like this game.
,Recommended,503350,32978515,Posted: 29 June,all,The Motion Hero,"First of all, I love that the first game was very original in its own ways but this takes it to a whole new level. The variety of play styles and characters that are in this game are mind blowing. I wanted this game for a while and now that I got it, I can't get away from it, and I'm not talking about dying constantly from the elite monster players.-The Motion Hero"
,Recommended,503350,32433372,Posted: 15 June,all,Laurie Strode,"Finally after 2 threads full of data i've managed to have 1 full investigator game and it was extremely fun. Game doesn't cost much especially during discounts, but if you like online horror games like Damned and Dead by Daylight then you should at least give this game a chance since if you don't like it you can refund it."
,Recommended,503350,35033051,Posted: 17 September,all,VV,"Very similar to the game Damned.It has a variety of characters, monsters, customizations, and numerous huge maps.Jump scares are awesome, no crashes, and no fps problems. The game runes very smoothly and the horror elements are all there (visual and sound effects).Cons:playerbase is somewhat small - although I always manage to find a game within 5 minutescant interact with doors - would be interesting to be able to close/open doors"
76561198333966021,Recommended,503350,31169044,Posted: 15 April,all,DieselD145,"this game really is good, but there is nobody playing it, has a single player mode but you can only play as the investigator in that. if you plan on buying this buy it with a group of friends, that'll ensure that you can at least have quite a bit of fun until you all get bored of it lol."
76561198070644283,Recommended,503350,35468047,Posted: 4 October,all,Nölkky,very gooder game
76561198251102464,Recommended,503350,35477618,Posted: 4 October,all,ELECTRIC.MiXz,"very amzing game, Morten would like it"
