user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198113354508,Recommended,503560,30162047,Posted: 25 February,all,Big Yonsan,"As a 911 operator, I got a couple chuckles out of this game, but there are a few nitpicky things I'm not wild about either. This review is to address those issues.Overall, I like the game and recommend it for the money. It's fun and I'll keep playing it despite doing this for a living.***THIS REVIEW HAS MILD SPOILERS AND IS MEANT FOR FELLOW DISPATCHERS OR ANYONE WHO THINKS THIS IS AN ACCURATE REPRESENTATION OF WHAT DISPATCH IS LIKE***1. Other Operators back me up here, but in my city if you request the police, you get the police. Even if the crime happened an hour ago, a week ago, whatever. You ask for them, they come. They might not be happy about it, but they come. This game penalizes you for sending officers on frivolous calls. Believe me, I'd like nothing better than to ticket people who waste 911's time, but that just isn't how it works in most major dispatch centers.2. OBS callers. Where all my crazy people at?! Also my 911 hangups? Butt Dials from disconnected government cell phones (Thanks Obama!). Babies playing with phones. This stuff takes up at least half my night.I liked that one of the first domestic calls in the game was a pizza call, that was a nice touch, but it's not terribly common. Dealing with barely cooperative cell phone companies to try and ping suicidal or injured people's location (looking at you T-Mobile)? All the goddamn time.3. I am not the Chief. I don't decide what specialized equipment (or in reality training, equipment is pretty standardized) each unit has. I can see what attributes each unit has, and dispatch them accordingly, but telling an officer he can't have his gun because he has a dog and body armor already? Not my job. I make due with what I'm given. There should be a mode where you don't get to decide anything, unit are manned based on the estimated budget of a city.4. I am not the County Executive. I don't hire police, EMS or Firefighters. I don't pay their salary (you know, directly) and I don't give half a damn about the financial side of it. Above my pay grade. Long as my check keeps coming, I'm good.5. Where's my ♥♥♥♥♥♥, outdated software?! My LEO servers with lag like a mofo. My Quad or (what's the word for 5? Cinc?) 5 screen setup, three keyboards, 3 computer mice and a footpedal? I multitask like you wouldn't believe if you've never done it. I'd love it if this interface was adequate to dispatching units. I'd suggest switching over tomorrow. I'd throw a party when our CAD was uninstalled. On that same topic, where my every state has different ways of entering wanted subjects at? Pain in the♥♥♥♥♥running out of state plates.6. Chatty Point to Point and units. Gotta love it when the adjacent agency keys up on the radio and tells you all about their stolen vehicle that's nowhere near you, has an impossible plate # and was stolen 4 hours ago. Or when your officers play musical chairs with the calls you assigned them because they're out of their assigned beat (to be fair, sometimes that's your fault for sending them there). Or EMS guy who thinks he's Shakespeare on the EMS radios? These things all tie up dispatching units until the air is clear to do so.7. The Fatigue. Play this game for 12 hours straight with no breaks unless someone relieves you to pee. Also, either quickly swallow your snack or spit it out when someone calls 911 or you have to dispatch a unit.8. Uncooperative callers. I've only played to Albequerque so far (Loved the Breaking Bad call), so maybe I haven't seen it yet. Sometimes, people are playing games with you. They don't actually want help, they want someone to leave and are using 911 as a threat and as such they won't tell you the address they're at. Sometimes that doesn't end well for them as the other party will take the phone away before I can get a rebid on the ANI/ALI screen.9. The Typing. Address, call comments, callback numbers. That stuff doesn't just appear by magic or mouse click. I type it all in and time is a factor. Should be a mode for that. Added to that, sometimes you don't understand people the first time they give you an address. You have to ask again. And again. Until they take the marbles out of their mouth and answer you.10. Officer callouts. Sometimes you have no idea there's been a crime, you're in an office. One of your cars keys up and says ""6 Lincoln 81, Traffic!"" You say ""6 Lincoln 81?"" They say ""traffic at the intersection of xxxx ave and yyyy street with a gold cutlass, plate for issue David Union Mary Boston Charles Adam Robert."" Means that unit is busy now writing a ticket. Can't send them anywhere.11. Duplicate calls. We live in an age of cell phones. In this game, if there's an accident the driver or a passerby calls you and tells you about it. In reality, the driver, the other driver, all 4 passengers of both vehicles, every passerby (that's good, if you see an accident call us about it!) the driver's kid sister she was texting with and her boyfriend in another state calls about it. You have to handle those calls professionaly but quickly to free up your phone lines for other emergencies.  Same with shootings, fights, Domestics. There is often more than one caller because everyone has a phone. I feel like figuring out which calls are duplicates and which aren't should be reflected in this.12. The emotional toll. So far I've had a few domestic calls and an overdose in the game that tried to be sad without depressing you. That's good, it's just a game after all. But I've talked to gunshot victim children, husbands and parents of suicidal people and even just grown kids finding their deceased of old age parents. There's nothing quite so depressing as a child calling about his Dad beating up his Mom. I understand that this game would be horribly unpopular and sell exactly 0 copies if it were an exact replication of dispatching work. But none of the calls had much of an emotional punch to me. Maybe I'm jaded or maybe I'm just not far enough in yet, but some calls phase you. Judging from what I've heard this far, I don't expect it here.13. Municipalities. I realize this isn't an issue for everyone, but sometimes you can't send an available and nearby officer to a call near his location because he's in a different municipality in real life. You may dispatch for both areas, but one officer may not have the authority to write reports in a municipality he doesn't work in.  This game doesn't draw that distinction. It could, you'd just have to color code the police cars and color code areas of the maps to correspond with them. You could send any car to assist another if they come under fire or need backup and their CO approves. But in a green area, a green police car would have to be present to finish the call, no matter how many blue cars are there.*** TIPS FOR NON DISPATCHERS***The correct first response on any given call is ""WHERE?"". It will always be where, it has always been where. If you run up against a choice where ""where"" is not a given first option, the game is wrong.At no point should you direct someone to risk their own lives or leave a place of safety.Always send more than one police car to a Domestic. They are bad news. Alway have been. Really, this applies to any gathering with substantially more suspects than police. But especially Domestics.Stagger your units. Police, Fire and EMS have beats, districts and sectors for a reason. It's to maximize the area you can cover and minimize response time. I know the game likes to group them up at the start of a map, that's a trap. Don't fall for it. When the call is over, send them back to the areas you had them in. In reality, our computers remember our beats for us, though it's not a bad idea to know it yourself (for when your overworked, ancient dispatch computer decides it has had quite enough of this ""functioning"" thing you speak of). This game isn't that kind to you, so just make up your own, but keep them spread out and near major intersections."
,Recommended,503560,32294124,Posted: 9 June,all,TAW | PANTHER,"I do like this game but there are some issues;First: There is no update info, game updated yesterday for about 400 MB's but I don't have any idea what has been updated, so my tip to developers type it down in to ""RECENT UPDATES"" section so everyone can see what has been changed.Second: After 10 hours when you pretty much heard of all dialogues the game starts to be repetitive and all the joy of ""solving new problems"" slips away. I really do recommend to Jutsu Games developers to add new ""dialogues, add coast guard and new possibilities after that (hijacking human, drugs, guns etc. via boats, ships, rafts etc.) Add new police units (Police special forces like SWAT for high risk situations.) Possibilities are endless, you guys are sitting on gold mine but you don't know what to do with it. Take my suggestions and you'll see it yourself how good your game is going to be."
,Recommended,503560,30143350,Posted: 24 February,all,Frollard,"TLDR: Definitely worth your time, especially on the launch sale!I've been waiting for this one!I'm an actual 911 operator/dispatcher with almost a decade on the job.Do I want to leave work, come home, and ...do this more?  Actually...yes. :DObviously they had to boil down years of training and experience into a digestible format and I think they have succeeded for the most part.  The UI is fairly polished (with a few hiccups I would address with the developers since this is version 1.0.0).  The immersion is great, the price is right, and the action is intense.  The main differences is this game has a narrative that is straight out of hollywood unreal, with officer-involved shootings and weapon altercations far more frequent than reality.  Reality is boring and 95% routine reports, stubbed toes, and tree-cats. This game is 95% robberies and heart attacks and building fires.This game legitimately makes the hair on my neck stand on end when I've tasked my 4 officers to 4 calls;A hangup call, probably kids, maybe a home invasion.A car accident with a fightA reported stolen carA robbery with injuries...then the phone rings asking for police urgently because someone is trying to break down the door, probably weapons involved....no officers available but this person NEEDS help......then one officer calls for backup in a firefight,...then another phone rings with another open line - probably kids playing, maybe a murder.Who gets the help?!The situations are contrived to generate a compelling narrative and genuinely stress the user just like the real thing.Concerns:When units are stacked at a hall/scene it is difficult to grab the one you want, often times I would send an ambulance to a medical call only to realize a few minutes later a police car is going and my ambulance is still sat at the last police/medical scene because I'd selected the wrong unit.Some of the dialogue tree options are frustratingly labeled like 'calm them down' = tell the caller to go intervene in a fight; I would interpret that as 'calm the caller down/reassure'...so I lost some big points.Others are some famously bad lines where I'm to tell the caller either 'I cant help you' or sarcastically 'do you want us to come shoot her'?  I would never ere on the side of not sending, and I would never say something so unprofessional.Address is the most important piece of information on all calls ever; It should always be a top dialogue option.The tutorial is very limited and only shows 'this is your units' and 'this is your current game'...but not the intricacies of what any of the symbols mean. What are the squares above an ambulance? What happens when a unit transports then I redirect them to another call?Tasked units should really have a different colour, not just a different symbol (en route, arrived, tasked, in a firefight, etc)Overall:The price is right for a game of this caliber. I legitimately can't wait to load my city into the game to see if the units respond like mine really do in real life. :D"
,Recommended,503560,30207976,Posted: 26 February,all,Shojun94,"As acertified EMT/EMT Instructor with almost 5 years on the job, I must say it has been a pleasure to play this game. The atmosphere it creates and its ability to immerse you is unbelievable, even more so because it is still under development.To the developers I send my regards and pray that under no circumstance they abandon this project.I also wrote a community guide named ""REAL LIFE EMT - How to act"", check it out! Included real life videos I took.Graphics: convey a nice professional and sleek atmosphere, simple but good;Soundtrack: very promising, would expand it though;Voice acting: surprisingly good, realistic and the only annoying thing is the address suppression but it is understandable;Gameplay: absolutely awesome!!Suggestions & constructive criticism- Make CPR and other instructions more interactive so players are encouraged to learn these simple techniques and have the incident rating affected by their proficiency;- Create a mode for lay players / professionals where you can get calls from on-site teams asking for instructions on how to treat or proceed;- After each shift you could show a newspaper with headlines concerning situations that happened during the day and how the emergency services dealt with them;- Make 3D landmarks like the Empire State Building or the Golden Gate Bridge;- More large scale events like the earthquake in San Francisco (amazingly well done);- Allow people to tag emergency situations by order of priority for organization;- Add more calls,especially more calls with uncooperative callers, random hang-ups and some with psych patients;- Keyboard shortcuts for speed selecting and unit grouping(like The Sims);Grammar and bug police- ""Diabets"" problem - in a random call name;- Bug where you get stuck in a call, unable to continue conversation and you're forced to ""ignore"", thus losing points;- Sacrifice Medal achievement is misspelled;Again, thank you for creating this game and for actually doing a public service!"
,Recommended,503560,30267776,Posted: 1 March,all,constchar*,I received a caller from a man who found his deceased daughter after she overdosed on heroin. As I dispatched an ambulance and police cruiser to the scene he broke down in tears while describing to me how his little girl was cold as he held her lifeless body in his arms. Never before have I felt such sadness inside because of a video game.
,Recommended,503560,32281098,Posted: 8 June,all,-=AOU=-Silentwisher,"Its a good game, however the devs don't tell you what the updates contain. Todays update was huge but I have no idea what it was for.....Come on!"
,Recommended,503560,31536233,Posted: 3 May,all,dk1701,"I work in the law enforcement field, and we're looking at using this game as an ice-breaker to teach our dispatchers about multi-tasking and how important it is to get things like an address/location first. On a personal note, it's been a great diversion. It could use a little more in the way of equipment and such; that aspect of the game doesn't seem very deep. But it's still fun!"
,Recommended,503560,32285187,Posted: 9 June,all,Slimmonkey81,"I like this game a lot.Pro:1) You can use almost any map in the world that has been drawn out.2) Street names are accurate.3) learn back ways in your home town to get around your city better and faster.4) Many different types of cars and items. You can make Fire Rescue teams.5) Fast pacedCons:1) Calls tend to repeat. With the same people calling in about the same things.2) Zoning issues. Shop lifters in residential zones, or house fires in business districts. (don't take a map of a town you know to seriously)3) Clicking between units sometimes gets lost, and you send the unit that you just sent to something else to a new spot even after you clicked a new unit.4) Never know what are in the Updates. This game still does get updates, but when they come out there is no news about what was in it5) This is just for Streamers. Twitch currently does not have a spot for this game, so if you stream it, it doesn't show up outside of people that follow you."
,Recommended,503560,32730831,Posted: 24 June,all,Wahl,"I opened the game and it automatically picked up that I'm in Chicago. I was so glad and stunned I was able to do an actual city vs a fiction one. I work at dispatch for a private ambulance in Chicago and was glad to see I could dispatch in Chicago. Amazing game, very realistic calls. You get stupid ones, and serious ones. Something dispatchers have to deal with lol. Hope more dialog and scenarios come. I would really love some hair raising goose bump giving calls. Love the game so far good work!If you're thinking of buying this game. Do it. It's worth it. Especially if you are a dispatcher or plan on being a dispatch."
,Recommended,503560,30934498,Posted: 3 April,all,normie,"Overall, I think that this game is perfect for ones who enjoy management and strategy games. I do recommend this if you are definitely going to spend time on the game while at the same time, enjoying it.Pros:-All 911 calls are voiced over (excluding addresses since these are chosen at random)-You can choose pretty much any city in the world-You have complete control over basic emergency services-There is a decent variety of events that can occur including weather events-Game is simplistic graphic wise, barely requires any computer power-Game has upgrades, cash (obtained by completing events), and career mode which adds a replay value aspect-Free play mode + career mode-You can stack multiple units on one case (for example, two police units)-More than one type of emergency service is required to respond to some cases adding variety-GFX work (icons, logos) is very good, looks modern-Officers have health and skills (i.e. one gets shot in action, their health goes down which affects gameplay later on)-Reputation aspect (increases if you successfully complete tasks, decreases if you do not respond at all or do not handle situations well)-Not all calls are legitimate, prank calls sometimes take place-Developers seem pretty friendly at first glanceCons:-Most 911 calls and events are quite simple, this does not apply to all-There are no DOT services. These guys should be added with a yellow icon and would help with traffic conjections, crashes, etc.-Graphics are simplistic (this is a pro for some, a con for others)-Getting money is very difficult in small cities ruining the motivation to actually work for it-No mods in workshop, this is already being thought about as an addition though-At some points, calls glitch out, causing me to ignore them, thus losing reputation-Not much equipment for officers (there are only three gun types, I think they should add more)"
76561197973715092,Not Recommended,503560,30224635,Posted: 27 February,all,Grunthex,"Needs a thumbs down for now.  Good concept, but VERY low amount of content.  You'll be seeing repeats of things in under an hour.Might be worth something someday, if the developer massively increases the content amount, probably by giving up the voiced calls, and making them text based.Otherwise, maybe pick it up at like 75% off someday for a fun hour or two."
76561198019867195,Recommended,503560,30606443,Posted: 18 March,all,kimchoc,"Pretty damn accurate. Ive got 28yrs in this field. Some solutions apply, some dont. In real life, the FD gets all calls that the dispatcher doesnt know what to do with, as long as its not a PD case.. Give me some points for assigning them, if they are just washing their F-850.s with 36"" lift kits. :)But all in all, VERY good purchase. And I can download my city streets? outstanding!!!"
76561198061707518,Not Recommended,503560,30386127,Posted: 7 March,all,JustinOb,Needs a few more updates before I recommend. They still need to add a ton of scenario calls as it seems every game is just a repeat of the same calls just different voices. Very Repetetive right now.
,Recommended,503560,32863674,Posted: 27 June,all,ℳℰℳ𝒪ℛ𝓘𝒜,"Did you ever wonder what it would be like to be a 911 dispatcher; consisting of Police, Fire Department, and Paramedic, their vehicles, consisting of three different police vehicles, ambulances, and fire trucks, and their equipment before you truly begin the day? Here is your chance.Pros:+ Enjoyable to play+ Good simulation game+ Unique concept+ Realistic voice actingCons:- Can feel repetitive"
,Not Recommended,503560,30231534,Posted: 27 February,all,Idta,"So, the game itself is pretty good. I quite enjoy playing as a 911 operator. However; the content is SERIOUSLY lacking. Everything gets repetitive after about an hour of playtime and you start wondering to yourself what is the point of playing on? Even the ""scenerios"" don't really feel like scenerios but more like just freeplay. The items and different types of emergency vehicles/employees is just so tiny that it's quite sad. Also, the 1st day DLC for $4...Wtf is up with that? This game costs $17 without the DLC and that is WAY more than what it's worth, let alone adding another $4 for crucial content to the game that should have been included with it...I think I will be refunding this game because I rather spend my $20 on game developers that are not super greedy and shallow."
,Not Recommended,503560,30205229,Posted: 26 February,all,You play gwent?,"Hello, you've reached 911.+ Firstly, the game is educational and can teach you a few safety / first-aid tricks and while I didn't find it to be useful since I already knew all of them, it's a nice touch nonetheless.+ I also liked the fact that the game has a lot ofrealcities included for you to play in, and while most of them don't really alter the gameplay that much, it's still a fun feature.+ You get to choose from different vehicle types and can equip your people with various tools, guns, gadgets, protection items etc. allowing you to customize your squad.+ Voice acting is very good (at times), some calls actually make you forget how dead and empty inside you are and you get to feel something for a change.+ Your job is to not only send police, but also ambulance and firefighters, meaning when somebody calls you, the decision has to be made on what type of units should be dispatched.What's your emergency?- You will listen to same lines of dialogues over and over again. For some reason, even if the voice actor is different, the line stays the same. Or vice versa, you get a different line this time, but the voice actor is the same.- You will have same events pop up over and over again with only difference being the location.- You don't really feel pressured or challenged by the game. Irritated? Yeah, that's the word. After all, skipping a couple of calls won't hurt you too much anyway, so might as well let it go.- There is no story mode. There is a ""Career"" mode, but I don't see how is it different from ""Freeplay"" except for some features are locked away in certain cities.- Progressing through ""Career"" mode is very anticlimactic: you are just starting to get a hang of the city when all of a sudden you gain enough reputation points to unlock another one (yes, you can ignore it and keep on playing, but what's the point?).- Interface is very clunky, I especially hate the ""shift preparation tab"" inbetween duties. Map/units navigation could be better as well. Also, no hotkeys for timespeed / pause.- Game gets very repetetive and boring fast. Not fast enough for you to request a Steam refund in time, but fast enough for you to regret purchasing it.-DAY ONE DLC, ARE YOU KIDDING ME?""I need some ice for the burning area right under my back!""- ""Hey, my stomach hurts really bad...""- ""Hello, I would like to report an illegally parked car...""- ""Help! It's burning!""- ""........................ *random child jibberish*........""- ""........................ *random walking on the street sounds*.........""- ""Hai! Can you help me with my mauthhhhh?""- ""Hi, there is a person laying on the pavement...""- ""No, I don't know what the CPR is, please let's listen to a detailed instruction on how to do it one more time without any means of skipping it""Okay, sending an ambulance, please remain where you are.The game could have been great if they made astory modeof some sort and removed all the repetetive calls by making them scripted similarly to how This is The Police works where, yes,all the eventsare scripted, even tiny ones, but at least they make sense and don't repeat themselves. This implies devs would also need to add a lot more content, mainly voice calls.If I knew upfront what the game is like, I wouldn't buy it. If I could refund it, I would refund it, but it's too late at this point. Gameplay feels like the game was just released into Early Access, it is half-baked all around and needs a lot more work and polish. Don't get fooled by the trailer, it's not like the trailer, it's empty and lackluster.Just skip it.""FREE"" DLC EDITFollowing the recent update, I would like to say that developers took a step in a right direction. A little bit of content and a story mode was added, which is good. However, I would like to highlight this part of my review:""... devs would need to adda lot more content, mainly voice calls.""Story mode is a good addition. It is very short, though, simply proving claims that the game lacks in its' crucial elements. Therefore, I would like to highlight another part of my review:""Game gets very repetetive and boring fast. Not fast enough for you to request a Steam refund in time, but fast enough for you to regret purchasing it.""And lastly:""Gameplay feels like the game was just released into Early Access...""Sorry, I bought the game on release for its' full price. Don't release a half-finished product and then copy-paste comments on negative reviews after each update. This review could end up on discussion threads, like my recent reviews and ideas for Battlerite and Oxygen Not Included did, not the case with released titles though.Might have been good if the game saw a full rehaul with its' last update, but a few more voice calls and a several-hours-long story mode don't cut it for me. That's okay, though. I hope your next game will be good and I will gladly follow its' development.Good luck!"
76561197963017995,Recommended,503560,30153594,Posted: 24 February,all,Drakedge,"The game is awesome.Okay so, what do you get with the game:Pros:+Realistic emergency calls with variation within them.+Career mode which let's you experience some unique calls.+The ability to Free-Play ANY city in the world. (presumably, I admittedly have not tried EVERY city in the world)+Multiple emergency services to render the use of, fire, rescue, and police.+Multiple vehicles to use to solve situations.+Real life advice on how to handle situations.+Real life first aid use.+Progressive system based on how well you do, or don't do.+The voice acting is well done.+Things can really pick up and get tense, with limited resources and lots of calls coming in at the same time, it becomes strategic with which call gets what when.+Some of the calls really envoke a deep sense of empathy, dread, and urgency. This is done through the stellar voice acting.Cons:-No real graphics beyond the map and units moving about. (Not a big issue in my opinion)-No Ambiant Music-No Sirens♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can hear them occasionally and I suppose it would get annoying to have them all the time, so again not a big deal.-Some calls can get repetitive, though there is enough randomization that it's not a sure shot that it will be exactly the same. It's often funny to joke about though, like a guy that butt dials 911 every day.So all in all I would say it's a good game. Considering I just put in 11 hours in one sitting... I would say that it is entertaining enough to make you lose track of time. It's also got some rather stressful 911 calls, as well as some that are super creepy. I would say that's a plus, but it is a buyer be ware. Particularly if you are triggered by traumatic situations.The game does deal with robberies, home invasions, domestic abuse, various illnesses, fires, bomb threats, terrorists, car jacking... etc. etc. etc. A lot of those situations could be bad for someone who has lived through something like that. As such I would hesitate to get it before you know if that would affect you the same.If you would lilke to see the game in action, I did stream it, and you can see the replay atwww.twitch.tv/drakedge2000"
76561198164243715,Recommended,503560,31158954,Posted: 15 April,all,DavidAllyn68,"I love this game.  Full Stop.The acting is superb and not over done.  The graphics are just what you need them to be to support the simulation - to get the right units to the right place.The crux of the game is resource management - which, let's be honest, is what dispatchers proabably wrestle with all day long.  Can you imagine having a frightened child on the phone with no one available to send to them??  This game puts you in that situation, and it feels pretty dang real -- the first time you encounter the scenario.After you play it for a while, you will encounter the same ""Hello, there's a parked car..."" scenario multiple times.  I'm sure this, no doubt, happens in real life, but you're going to get a different person with a different urgency. (Game developers corrected for this by giving you the choice to play the game with or with out that repetitiion)  Personally, I like that repetition, because it gives you a mental ""breather"" to deal with the really hard cases.The real solution is to just create more content.  I think for the game to be successful, this needs to be a continuing expansion of scenarios with new content being added to the game all of the time.I have an idea for that.... I can see this game being used by departments to train dispatchers and operators giving them a wide variety of calls.   And, I bet, those same departments would be willing to trade/barter their expertise (and even acting) of scenarios - for the rights to use the game for training their personell.   This would deliver near-actual content directly from the department to the player - the ultimate sim, and it would give another level of crediblity to the game to be endorsed by ""LAPD"" or ""NYPD"" or ""Chicago's Finest""There are some minor tweaks that would be great to see:Better unit/crew/equipment visablility:  I need to know if I'm sending an experienced unit to an incident.  I've crafted the crew when i built the unit, but I can't tell which is which during the sim.  I need a way to see that I'm sending the unit with the shotgun to a situation involving gunman.Crew Specialists: Some crew should be specialist members that I can use to build a unit.  Hostage negotiators, SWAT, Search And Rescue, Brushfire Experts, etc...More Actors:  ""My car was stolen!"" would be way less repetative if different actors were used with different senses of urgency. Use the same basic script, but read by different actors.Evolving Situations or Interrelated Calls: It would be interesting to throw a zinger in every once and a while - a fire that spreads to another house that gets multiple calls and requires more and more reources, a bank robbery or terrorist attack that creates many calls all at once that must be managed along with ""My car was stolen!"", etc...Overall, though, this game is super fun, and as the content grows, it will only get better!Great Job!"
76561198104089191,Recommended,503560,30450092,Posted: 11 March,all,Bushi Neko,"So here is a little gem a friend convinced me to get based on both our enjoyments of Emergency Sims. I confess at first I didnt have high hopes for it, being more of one to enjoy GTAV LSPDFR vs the dispatch seat.So I thought.First, and a great plus is you can use pretty much any real world GPS map for game play. All the major locals in my area are available, and the game has a great built in search, plus it will recognize your current system location and ask if you want to use that. Soooo, off and running in my first play.. I chose my old hometown.  It was a blast. Even more worth noting the locations for the starting Hospital, Fire Stations and Police were accurate. Even the lone little airport Fire House.It is a fast pace of frenzy. I tried at first as a ' gamer ' to control my assets. Forget it. I fell back on my RL EMS time and knowledge. Suddenly my Awards ( represented via STEAM achieves ) are racked up. You can assign equipment to various vehicles, you can make specialty vehicles.  It also is a bad idea to roll EMS onto a Law Enforcement call prior to Law Enforcement being there. Pretty real life there.Now, some things that are not so great;Repetitive. The calls are very ' used '. Understandable for the fact that a vehicle accident is an accident, a robbery a robbery etc. But the lack of voice files or randomizing can assure after a little while playing you know what the call is when you answer. A few calls have twist of course, but there are several as soon as you hear it. You know. Butt Dial guy. Kids voice in background of Kid Playing With Phone... El' Stooomach Man.It is however made up for in the fact that the pace is frenzied.. or you can have a nice easy day.. or one that is very slow, then the dam breaks. Response times, units dispatched, equipment make all the difference in the on scene.Looking forward to much more here."
,Not Recommended,503560,30158814,Posted: 24 February,all,Dan Bolivar VO,"Great concept, little content.The premise for the game is great! Unfortunately the scenarios get repetitive really, really fast.Even the 911 calls, in just the few minutes I played I got way too many repetitive calls, even the caller's voices were identical. The game lacks variety and content.The framework for the game is also not very helpful. For example one can outfit crew members with special gear, but once deployed one can't check to see who has what on board. Can't really expect us to memorize which patrol car has the assault rifle or which fire-truck has the special tech gear! If we could RENAME the units that would at least help a little.No, this game is not ready for sale yet. It could be very soon if shown some love. But unfortunately I've been burnt with incomplete games before and I'm not about to wait for another game company to abandon everything and rob me of my hard earned cash. So I filed for a refund now, before it's too late.Should this game eventually be finished, I'll revisit it in the future.I do need to mention, one GREAT feature was to be able to play on nearly ANY city map. And I do mean ANY MAP.I was able to download and use my little home-town in Argentina and play on it! Any city any town... That, right there, deserves a two thumbs up mention.... yet in spite of this great map feature, the game lacks variety and content. Making things repetitive way too fast and way too soon.Also it's buggy, the game froze on load between missions several times within the short scope of two hours.I cannot currently recommend this title as is."
,Not Recommended,503560,30159163,Posted: 24 February,all,Incognito,"""Add additional emergency vehicles and equipment to your teams to resolve new incidents that can happen in your city. All unavailable in the basic version!""Why wouldn't you guys just release demo and then version with everything included? Thumbs down for incomplete game locked behind day one dlc."
76561197968685862,Not Recommended,503560,32670647,Posted: 23 June,all,Infanteer,"I will be honest, when I first started the game, I was excited. I was excited by the real world maps and addresses, by the breath of fresh air of a new game concept, and more. But once I put a few hours in (less than 5), I came to realize that this game is bare bones. It's missing a lot of features and I'm talking very common features... It's hard to explain unless you actually play it and realize it....It just seems like a game for a smartphone that I paid $1 for. I don't support paying for early access games, but once I played this game, and realized how empty it was, I was hoping this was still a very early work in progress...but it's not...they really did release the game in this condition. At the very LEAST, they should have added proper Workshop tools.I'm definitely not a hater.. I think this game still has A LOT of potential..but there is still a lot of work to do for the developers. I hope they continue working at it, and I will return in around 6 months to see."
,Not Recommended,503560,30955187,Posted: 4 April,all,sketchie,"Pro's: Good in its basic form to kill a couple hours.Con's: Repeat, repeat, repeat. This was to be expected but it gets old real fast due to lack of scenarios. Not worth $14.99, wait until it is cheaper and in the $10 or under sales."
,Not Recommended,503560,32820101,Posted: 26 June,all,✫ Aionion,"Solid play, no bugs, pretty intuitive controls.  The concept behind this game is great. You play as an emergency dispatcher (obviously) and send emergency vehicles to various places on the map where events occur either on their own or via 911 call.After each day, you receive money for successful responses to the events and/or get fined for the unsuccessful ones. You use the money to buy staff, vehicles, and equipment, all of which increase your ability to respond to emergencies.The PROBLEM I had with the game however, is that there is no sense of progression. After the first couple days (of game time, which lasts about 10 mins or so), you have seen 100% of the game. That's right...after about 20-25 mins of playing the game, you've seen it all.The ONLY variance is a couple new calls that come in. But at about 1.5 hours played, repeat calls were happening, already. This broke the immersion and is just one of the things that made the game become stale, quick.After about 20-25 mins of gameplay, you'll come to realize that it's the same thing over, and over, and over again. There is NO variation. A red blip will appear, send a firetruck. A white blip pops up, send an ambulance. A blue blip shows, send police. Over, and over, and over again. The game TRIES to create variation by mixing up the ""blips"" as blue/white  or red/white in which you have to send 2 different emergency vehiclues to the scene. But it doesn't solve the problem of tediousness setting in quickly after the first couple days of game time.I wish there was a campaign mode or something. There is a free mode (where you can use any map in the world to play on, including your own city) and there is a true city mode where it uses pre-selected cities. Once you have played a couple days on one, you move on to the next and restart your budget and crew. There isn't progression here really, other than moving on to the next map, and there's nothing new on that map, it's just a DIFFERENT map with a different initial setup of emergency responders.I wish there was more. I wanted to like it. I had fun the first 30 mins or so. But I think this very well could be the single most repetitive game on Steam at the moment. At least, that I'm aware of.Give it a pass unless you enjoy this type of repeating gameplay or are fascinated by emergency dispatchers."
76561197994306580,Not Recommended,503560,30214541,Posted: 26 February,all,ELLGuapo,The first few hours playing were very enjoyable. But then things got repetative and I wanted more content that was not there (yet).
76561198084700265,Not Recommended,503560,30203051,Posted: 26 February,all,MULAN,"Actually, it's a good game and it was fun. But after a while, unfortunately, the events are repeated too often and there are not too many changes in the locations. The voices of the callers always sound the same. In addition, the DLC includes things that should actually be in the main game!Please fix this, then i'll buy it again !!"
76561198036792088,Recommended,503560,30263289,Posted: 1 March,all,Kraek,"This is a very fun game if you are in the management and control genre.The UI is smooth, nice to look at, fairly intuitive but the tutorial will ensure you'll have it under your thumbs in no time.Being a first aid responder myself, this game is actually quite informative.  I dont want to give spoilers so this is not encountered ingame, but lets say you are faced by questions (to which you should know the answer due to the educational transition screens) like: ""Should i give him some water? The burn victim says he is thirsty?"" And you actually get to pick from: Yes / No / Just a sip / etc...  and your response WILL escalate or de-escalate the situation.  These devs did their research properly (far beyond wiki of google).But, that aside, the game plays in operator sessions, like real life. That is 12h shifts, here its roughly 30m depending on how fast you play.  You can smart pause, slomo, fast, very fast, etc... all well implemented.You get random events, of which a couple are hot calls.  They have about 50 or so, but they each have variations which are random, so dont worry, each session will be a unique experience.The major 3 domains are there, firefighters, police and medical.  And you need to assess the situation to know what you'll send and in what way (e.g. a police cruiser or an armored truck).So use your brain, stay sharp, and keep things from going fubar"
,Not Recommended,503560,30215273,Posted: 27 February,all,Darth Gumballs,"911 Operator is an interesting idea, and I feel like it was worth the price to check it out, but I can't see myself playing it long term. If it were a $0.99 iPad game I'd feel a little better about it. I don't have a lot of negative things to say, other than after the 30 minutes or so that I played I felt like I've seen all there is to see. I'm not sure if I'll be launching it again, but hopefully it will continue to improve and expand in the future."
76561198100768405,Recommended,503560,30539432,Posted: 16 March,all,Tenedria,"I actually had fun playing this game, the voice acting is nice and Its fairly accurate too. Some calls really surprised me.To be honest, I can't promise you will like this game because its more of a resource management puzzle game than a choice-based game. Even if you change the maps, not much of the gameplay will change because of it but that's fine, its a job simulator, so it makes sense.Speaking of simulators, this game is pretty good at it. I actually felt like I was working as a 911 operator, I guess it did help that I visited a real 911 office before but still, the fact it reminded me of it is impressive."
76561197967203702,Recommended,503560,30933143,Posted: 3 April,all,spike30001,Outstanding game if you like emergency responce. It even picks up via map data your local area so I was impressed to have roads I know come up. Highly Recommended.
,Not Recommended,503560,32742373,Posted: 24 June,all,Nomad,"It's really repetitive after you get through some of the phone calls and with a lack of equipment or vehicles, it gets really stale after about an hour."
76561197996637906,Recommended,503560,30383405,Posted: 7 March,all,OzWally,I'm in Emergency Services for many years (ex Ambulance service and St John Ambulance now SES Rescue/Road Crash Rescue) I enjoy this game.Some are abit repetitive otherwise a great game.Cant wait for new updates and add ons.Hoping there will be mods add to it.Recommended get this with DLC.
,Recommended,503560,30288284,Posted: 2 March,all,Dr. Strangelove,"SummaryWell, it's a tough one. On one hand this game is really good, and addresses the subject mattter both realistically and in such a way that makes you play ""just one more turn"" - or in this case one more shift. On the other hand calls become quite repetitive very soon. There are only several voices in the game and most, if not all calls, are dubbed by the same person. Sure, there are some variations meaning that conversation doesn't have to end the same way, but it ruins the immersion unbelieveably. Once I had the same call - when someone dials 911 by accident, three times in a row, and it becomes my most hated one. It goes on exactly the same every single time, the same voice, the same lines.It is hard for me to recommend this game, but at the same time, despite all these flaws, I still like it. Sure, it's quite repetitive and immersion can be broken quite easily, but it's most certainly the best game available that touches this subject. If you're a fan of emergency services, management sims, or broadly simulations, you might want to try this one.Pros1. The setting seems pretty realistic.2. Management aspect of the game is pretty nice and can be quite challenging at times.3. Ability to choose from thousands of cities around the world is amazing, but vehicles and staff still look American wherever you're playing. Nevertheless, it is amazing to see real-world addresses. I don't recall ever seeing something quite like that.4. I like some in-game humor connected to TV series such as Breaking Bad. One of the map is Albuquerque so it was inevitable.Cons1. Only a handful of voices that are repeating a lot.2. I don't like it when there is a DLC immediately available after game's release. It feels like a cheap shot.3. Some of the available cities are not that great - Carlsbad, California, for example has only one hospital, one police station, and one fire department, while even small towns can have a lot of them spread throughout the map.4. There are too many known terrorists spotted and shooting if you're playing in a small town. The game doesn't adjust types of crimes and their frequency to account for the size of the city or town, or at least doesn't seem to."
,Not Recommended,503560,32795012,Posted: 25 June,all,Theo,"This game is very well designed.However, it does not have much content and gets repetitive in less than one hour.If you are looking for a game with a story, this is not the game for you.If you are unsure, buy the base game, play it for one hour.Make a choice to keep it or refund it."
,Recommended,503560,30211182,Posted: 26 February,all,Kizamus,"First day on the job:-Ignored a pizza call that turned out to be a serious call with person talking in code (How was I supposed to know that)-Get an accidental call from someone, call them back, they say they are alright, but voice actor seemed like they were hiding someting. Thinking they are suicidal, I send police to the caller location. Dude was in no trouble at all. (Now this pizza caller has me totally confused)-Get a call from a person who's cat is stuck in a smallish tree... Owning 3 cats I know that they can get down witout a problem. Ignore the case as it may not be important. Dude climbs tree, falls down and breaks his leg... Now I gotta go save his dumb♥♥♥♥♥-Made a joke about shooting a rebelling teen, Mother now wants to sue me.Let it be known that a lot of mistakes were made. An officer even got shot and killed. As well as a father in a hostage situation.Fifth day on the job:-Saved someone from having a heart-attack.-Hostage situation, no one got killed, terrorists have been subdued and have been taken into custody, Injured people have been taken care of.-Put out a bunch of fires.-Stopped an organised crimeAnd overall, No one died, no staff injuries and had a fab day at the office.5/5"
,Recommended,503560,32905604,Posted: 27 June,all,Milkman,"A guy called for pizza, I told him this was 911 and hung up.I learned later he was being held at gunpoint and trying to say ""please come help me"".... I hung up on him... ;-;"
76561198106456793,Recommended,503560,31534677,Posted: 3 May,all,Jangonett,"Great game, Hope they keep at this updating with different situations and dlc which i see they are doing already :)My favorite situations so far""help my cat is stuck in a tree""   Hit send all buttonI can just see it now the man waiting for his cat. Two SWAT cars roll up all loaded up with rifles.Three ambulances roll up expecting a mass murder only to see a cat in a tree.Four firetrucks roll in looking for a burned down house.I really hope this man learns that there are more important things to do than save a god.....WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU HAVE A STOMACH ACHE?!?!*sends medical chopper*"
,Recommended,503560,30151449,Posted: 24 February,all,NikaSharkeh,"http://i.imgur.com/LnfWOP3.jpg911 operator is not a game about some kind of epic, dramatic mystery story with tons of action and hidden plot twists. Instead, it tells the story of very real people, who, instead of battling dragons or mutants, have to face very real horrors every day of their real lives. One moment, you spend an hour answering bunch of calls about seemingly nothing, explaining to people that their problems/requests are non-emergency and they are blocking the line, or trivial things like illegaly parked cars. Then on another, you have to calm down a crying father, who just witnessed his daughter killing herself, desperately trying to talk him off from doing the same to himself while the officers you sent are still on their way.If you've ever been interested in games showing how stressfull, and sometimes horrifying real jobs work, or interested in emergency services theme in general, then i highly recommend you to check it out. It includes management section aswell, where you have to balance the budget of the city services, buy new vehicles/equipment, manage personnel, etc."
,Recommended,503560,32334707,Posted: 10 June,all,MoonshadowRogue,"Really great fun. A little repetitive but provides hours of fun and a chance to experiece the job of the unsung heroes who answer when you dial 911Directing Police, Fire and EMS vehicles to incidents is as simple as clicking on vehicle, then on incident. If you think that makes the game simple, you're wrong. Take into account the distance the vehicles have to pass, the speed of the vehicles and the path they'll have to take. Then, take into account the fact that the smaller faster vehicles (like the police and medical bike) can provide initial response but cannot transport arrestees or evacuate people to hospitals.with police responses, it can be particularly challenging when you have a group of 4 armed criminals and the only close by response is a bike or a squad car....The simulated calls are pretty good. I recognized some real life stories adapted into the game (like the lady that was being held hostage and called 911 under the guise of ordering a pizza and the kid who called 911 to get help with his math).. real cool touch...It's fun playing a free game in your own town and the way the maps work, there's a high probablity that you CAN play in your own town... I've logged 19 duties in Grass Valley, CA and it's always fun to see an address I know showing up as the scene of an incident...It's fun. It'll wear out after a while, but until then, it's gonna be very much fun"
76561198148689059,Not Recommended,503560,31559315,Posted: 5 May,all,PapaPlatypus,"This game has disappointed me.The first hour of this game is enjoyable. However as you continue to play you come to realise that despite the game having tons of maps, different units, vehicles and equipment - none of these add to the gameplay whatsoever. Every game session is the same thing  - lead police/ambulance/fire department here, answer calls, send backup. Dialogue is very well done however there is so little material. Within the first half an hour of playing you will have pretty much experienced every situation.There is no real sense of accomplishment or satisfaction; the game loses its ability to keep you hooked.Overall I wouldn't recommend this game unless it is on a very big sale. The game is not what it is worth right now."
76561198085615435,Not Recommended,503560,30194569,Posted: 26 February,all,donkeyrider,"This game is enjoyable enough, especially if you have an interest in emergency services, but the nature and location (only major roads are used) of the calls becomes repetitive. In my opinion, the DAY ONE DLC split the game into two parts and really left a sour taste in my mouth. I know that it's only a few vehicle types but this game is already pretty lacking in variety and the decision to cut part of the gameplay is why I'm leaving a negative review."
76561198002454983,Recommended,503560,31635901,Posted: 8 May,all,tylerjohnson139,"Not too bad...I've been a dispatcher for quite a while so I wanted to see how well this game mimicked what we really do.I'm actually pretty impressed.I go through some of the same emotions I get at work... dealing with a huge incident like a house fire, dead child or an officer-involved shooting, having to answer a 911 in the middle of it and hearing ""There's a car parked illegally."" Just as frustrating here as it is in real life.I wish there were more calls I can take. I just hung up with the lady ordering the pizza. Why is she calling again? How many times can this lady get in trouble?!?!? And can't she be more creative? Maybe I can be a chinese restaurant once in a while.Also, I disagree with some of the decisions and results. For example, the game makes you take noise complaints on 911. I would never do that in real life. You call 911 for a noise complaint and you get referred to non-emergency. Do that in the game and you lose a ton of reputation points.There are a few bugs too. I sent an ambulance to a guy having a baby and I didn't have the ability to call the media and tell them how amazing I am for helping a guy figure out which body part to take that baby out of.I do like being able to use any map. The maps are realistic and kind of fun. I used one of the cities I dispatch in. The fire departments were in the right spots. That was trippy. It was crazy seeing calls pop up with addresses I'm used to. Kinda fun.Overall, it's a fun game. And if you've never dispatched before, it's a fun experience. It's not everything a dispatcher does... I don't think you ever could recreate that... but it highlights a lot of what we do and you get to feel a lot of the same frustrations and experiences."
76561197967219542,Not Recommended,503560,30244436,Posted: 28 February,all,maverickwoe,"That's one of the review where you're litteraly on the edge...Let's start with the Pros:- rather good background ambiance and sounds in general- Very good replayability because of the very well thought random calls generator.Ihave to insist on this one. People will call you on the phone and you ll have to ask the correct questions. Failing to do so might lead to either killing the persons calling you (indirectly) or to not getting enough information before you get to the place and loosing precious time.- Very realistic calls and priority questions. To the extent that I thought this was a training game.- Awesome idea of extracting data from a real map and litteraly play on your own town. Great feature !!!The cons:- even if the replayability is there, it still gets boring. Once you understand the logic behind the question, there is not much more to do- The money and progressivity of the game is non existent. You start with a rather large crew already. yeah, you could buy slightly better guns or vest to your cops but it will not change that much the outcome.You can also buy more vehicles of different types but then again... will these make a difference ?The more vehicles you have, the better (apart from the wages...) but the money will not flow as much as you think and you get stuck with pretty much your starting crew + one addition during a game.- Absolute crap translations (In French at least)- Kinda pointless career modeI do have in mind a great game serie when I play this one : EmergencyEmergency does very similar stuffs to this though, you'll have the fun of strategicaly operating the people on the ground. and in that other game, stuffs make a real difference where in this game... whatever...So overall, i do not recommend the game for its lack of depth while the quality is great. ShameEdit: Worth mentioning the serie of bug that I had and that didn't help also:- Frequent crashes of the games- Some conversations (emergency calls) do no end and you have to cancel and fail them to carry on- Bugs in the items in your inventory that are here but shouldn't be. Leading to a game crash."
,Recommended,503560,30271877,Posted: 1 March,all,NatsumeKonno 『紺野棗』,"My System SpecWindows 8.1, i5-4570 3.5GHz, 16GB DDR3, Nvidia GeForce GTX 970Review Version 1.0.0Will be updateing review as it goes onDLC WarningI recommend you buy the DLC it does suck that you need to in order to get the best out of your troops. It should already be in the game. Is the full game and dlc worth it i say yes.->The dev says they will be adding new units for FREE in updates and in DLC<-AddictingIm sure you wanna know yes this is a time waster for sure i sometimes sit hours on end playing this game. It is very grindy but i also end up saying just one more then ill be done. You could easliy spend 1hour or 2 in a run. This is a great way to waste time if you want it to just fly by.GameplayYes the game is very repetitive. The same voice same dialog over and over and over. What makes it fun is you can type in a map location and you can play there very fun. But the grind maybe not that fun for some people.Skill tree? Replay Value?There is no skill tree all you can do is add new team put new units and loadouts. I wish there was a skill tree would add more things to do. The game already has good reply value from real locations.Your troops / units do have stats like driving and skill im not sure if they level up but trrops have rank and you can buy better ones as you play.MapYou can add maps from real locations in the game. Its basicly clicking on units to move on a google map kind of view. The pathfinding is nice they navigate around rounds and looks real from my location.Bank Robbery?On the version i played there is no active bank robbery event. All there is someone calls you saying there was a bank robbery and you now have to send a K9 Unit or a chopper to find the car. If your lucky the caller can give you plates and car details.Dialog BugVery annoying because when you have a caller the game goes to 1x speed and the dialog from the chopped leg bugs and will not have anything to pick forcesing you to play in 1x speed. Whats worst if you ignore you lost a lot of rep. The work around for me is just to ask if he has a girlfriend.Things i want in the fureture updateSkill TreeActive Bank RobberyMaybe see NEWS crews and chopper fly aroundMore cars and weapons im sure its comingProReal Locations on MapsGood Replay ValueGreat way to waste time in a good wayEasy to learnConNo skill treeVery grindySame dialog and voicesNo leveling up systemNo active bank robberyhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/503560/"
,Not Recommended,503560,30327002,Posted: 4 March,all,Romans,"Not enough content. Calls are repeated with less than 1 hour of game play. Interesting subject matter that could be super cool, but the game just doesnt have enough meat on it's bones. I might revisit this title for the 4th of July sale, but for now it's a return."
76561198203300127,Recommended,503560,32775344,Posted: 25 June,all,Tsriel,"The heart of this game is about micromanagement and best allocation of your available resources. It does a good job about giving you the feel and a small taste of the stress of being an emergency operator. The development team went into good length concerning the type of calls you'll get. Some will be amusing, others chilling, and a few that are downright heartbreaking. I often find myself left with a greater sense of apprciation for what real operators have to deal with on a daily basis.PROS- This game features a good sense of realism from the operator's chair.- You can customize teams and their equipment- There isn't any town or city in the world you can't play in. (Lots of replay value here)- This game also is enducational as it provides various tips and instructions in case of an actual emergency- You can stop time, which is a boon for those who are new or like to take their time. Experienced players can just ignore this feature.CONS- The interface of having to interact with multiple teams on scene is cumbersome. Sometimes you'll have to send several vehicles, then send one of those teams elsewhere. They are hard to click when stacked up. The drop down selector isn't very precise either.- After 10 hours of playtime, I feel as though I've seen all the phone content and just about everything this game has to offer.- Some of the places where calls occur are unrealistic. (I've gotten a few calls for home break-ins on a bridge crossing a river, just to give an example.) It feels very RNG-y where emergencies occur.- Speaking of RNG, on a few occasions, I've gotten calls that happened outsize the zone of operations. You can still send services to those places, but that vehicle(s) will be occupied for abit.Overall, it's a decent game for what you pay for. Still, I think $15 is abit too high, which is why I recommend buying it on sale. I give it an 8/10, I would send the police out to fine the game developer again."
76561198146917708,Recommended,503560,30533125,Posted: 15 March,all,Garik,"I'm a rural county EMT, and I love this game. Dispatchers are the unknown heros of emergency services and this game depicts the trials I hear they face.Love the random events that happen, and forces you to really think on what is an emergency and what's a mickey mouse call."
,Recommended,503560,30182361,Posted: 25 February,all,Enygmas,I am learning about emergencies while having fun. This game should be available for playing in all schools.
,Recommended,503560,31052431,Posted: 9 April,all,Phoenix Person,"If you're a fan of job sims like Euro Trucker and Farming Simulator, do not hesitate to buy this game. It's extremely easy to pick up and get addicted to. Well worth the $15."
76561198037125207,Not Recommended,503560,31517775,Posted: 2 May,all,timothymarois,"I love this game BUT the lack of workshop and ability for new mods (like cases), there is nothing yet. Ive played2 full sessions of this game, and its become so repetitives. Like even the first 30 minutes of playing Ive only heard 5 different cases via voice (phone calls) literally there is not much content to this game. Graphics are great, simplictic. but for love of mankind. please allow custom cases in workshop.THIS GAME WILL NEVER BE COMPLETE WITHOUT THE FOLLOWING.It will be an utter failure for the longevity of this game unless....1) Workshop: custom mods for new cases. Right now there are really only 2 different voices and 5 different actual cases by phone, there are about 10 other cases just via alerts on the map, but that is all. This needs some serious attention.2) more random cases..... its so freaking repeitive.3) FREE PLAY needs more. I want to keep playing, but it seems to get old after a while, same thing, nothing really changes besides the same cases over and over again, need more contetn.....Ok the conclusion... NEEDS MORE CONTENT.Once workshop opens up for more content, then I'll give it a vote up, but because this game requires constant content, I can not give it a recomendation at this time. Worth only $9.99 as a base game."
,Recommended,503560,32936508,Posted: 28 June,all,SpyroGuy,"I came across this one on YouTube out of sheer accident and 10 minutes of gameplay were enough to convince me to get it.Not only this game is an interesting take on the daily routine of the emergency line's operator, but it also enables you to do the very same thing in pretty much any city on the world which is friggin' awesome (including your own :3 :3).After playing it for like three hours I was surprised to find out that the variety of events are not as limited as I thought they would be, actually, quite a few calls are starting out with the same basic setup only to turn out to be a terrorist attack instead of a dud not to mention the area specific events of the campaign mode which will put your resources to the ultimate test....yes....try answering every single friggin' emercency call in San Francisco after the erhm...""event"", I dare ya.You'll be tasked to guide police, ambulance and firefighter forces across the corresponding city (you can also upgrade them between your days of duty), but be careful...not all calls are actually important ones, but the same thing is also truth in reverse...a seemingly irrelevant call might turn out to be the day's biggest emergency event.Keep your ears open, your mind sharp and your sarcasm muscles are fresh as possible and you might just get to the end of your duty without any major slip-ups.A word of advice though: Time is of the essence in this game. You can't make a person having a heart attack wait for you for 2 hours...that's.....kinda late for the person in question."
,Recommended,503560,32112220,Posted: 1 June,all,Alarabi98,"Possibly the best 911 operater simulation I've played so far! Career mode is lacking a bit, but the game compensates it with its diverse 911 situations and allows you to choose whatever city you want! However I would like to tell the developers to fix the Arabic street names in the game, or at the very least transliterate them so they are legible. Seeing Arabic letters separated and from left to write just hurts me in the inside!Regardless though, I will wholeheeartedly recommend it!"
,Recommended,503560,30271891,Posted: 1 March,all,Hudson242,Hello...my stomach hurts really bad.Stahp. Eating. Those. Burritos. You. Millenial. ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,503560,30154051,Posted: 24 February,all,Scar Alexis- Trench1253,"So I just bought this game this morning (literally came out just this morning....) and I already have over 4 hours logged in it. If you're Fire/Police/EMS and you've ever gotten♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because they sent you to the wrong thing or requested the wrong units or wondered why your call has gone the way it has.... well this will help.To the creators, thank you!PS. DO NOT PLAY WHILE AT WORK. You will literally yell at your radio system each time your actual dispatchers say anything. Plus you can't pause during a phone call"
,Recommended,503560,30305931,Posted: 3 March,all,PHELKO,"Its a pretty cool concept for a game, but gets a little boring after awhile, Would be good to have this game on my Ipad or my phone. But I understand that you have to listen to what is going on the call to understand if I should hang up. Fun for a while for a casual play"
76561198007386984,Recommended,503560,30305647,Posted: 3 March,all,Nemo,Very enjoyable game. Altough - fair warning - the calls get very repetitive after a while (altough there are some unique and well voice-acted ones you can encounter in career mode). I've also encountered some stability issues  (random game crashes). The voice acting is on the whole a bit sub-par and could have been done better - for instance adding different voices to the same calls to add some more variety (aswell as adding a broader variety of calls). There are also some UI omprovements to be made as for instance the only way to close the game is by alt+f4.A huge plus to the game is that you can literally download every city in the world (even the small town in switzerland I live in).Nonetheless I enjoy the time I've spent on the game so far and look forward to play more - especially if well-made content is added by the devs in the future.
76561198084907758,Recommended,503560,31073324,Posted: 10 April,all,lionhearted1992,"love it, as a former dispatcher its pretty good, just needs more call types, but the game is young and has room to grow"
76561197990783978,Not Recommended,503560,30150961,Posted: 24 February,all,hater aka Grinch,"Well, what should one write about this game after playing it for roughly 3h.It is fairly nice that you actually can use a real map (that is imported from an outside source) -e.g. your hometown- as a background. Units, POIs (hospitals, police stations, etc.) and calls are generated randomly.For freeplay the user gets to dispatch the units for calls that are either auto-generated or generated following a short ""911 calltaker mini-game"". Sadly the calls are fairly repetitive and personally I do not see much replay value once one does generate enough money to unlock all units. If one does that. Because honestly you can easily do almost all calls with the basic units.A few things tend to get annoying very fast:- You can not change the unit number once you assigned your unit=> If you want your Police units first you have to reassign all units.- The 911 calltaker game gets very annoying very fast.- It is a bit unclear what the items you can buy for your staff do. Espcially as you can only read the description ingame once you bought them- There are basically no firefighting items.- Only two slots per person. Means: You can not equip a policeman with a gun, a bulletproof vest and a police info terminal. Or tazer. Or dog.- Staff gets injured. ALL THE TIME. It's mostly unlogical for me when this occurs and is extremly annoying- You seem to be only able to play one city at a time. Means it seems like you have to reset your progress if you want to try out another city. Not sure about the career here.As this is a 1.0 of a game and not a early access, etc. I personally can not recommend it, even for the fairly reduced price."
,Recommended,503560,30158573,Posted: 24 February,all,Ellye,"Quite enjoying this game.It's a bit simpler than I expect on the strategic side of things - don't expect much of a ""tycoon-style"" experience in managing your assets and finances, though there do is a little bit of that.On the tactical side, even though it can be a bit repetitive, it is challenging in a good way. It's thrilling to have many ongoing emergencies at once and trying to give proper support to everything that's happening.The cons I do have is that the usuability of the interface could use some help. More hotkeys and some more optional information on screen, different route color highlight for different teams, stuff like that.Still, it's a good game. It's not something that I expect to play for dozens and dozens of hours, but it's something that I'm having fun with and that has potential to grow even better."
76561197960308464,Recommended,503560,33151849,Posted: 2 July,all,Diabolique petit chauve,"In real life, I worked for two years as a 911 operator (well, the equivalent as I live in Europe). This was ten years ago but I remember this period of my life fondly. It was a difficult job but it was also rewarding. I bought this game out of curiosity, to check if it matches my past experience.It is actually quite close. The tension, the weirdo calls, the desperate need to have more police cars, all fits quite well. It looks more technological than what I had back in the days. We didn't have fancy city maps or devices to trace calls, but it doesn't matter. The proportion of fake calls is also lower, but I assume they need to make the game interesting. So far, I'm enjoying this game and would recommand it to anybody curious about this very particular job. I must point out that this simulation is not perfect. The calls can be repetitive, there is not as much diversity as in real life and the same situations tend to come again and again, making the whole thing a tad tedious after a few hours. I'm assuming this is going to evolve as times goes by. I will check this game closely and cross my fingers for a second one or a DLC.8/10 : would dwelve in the past again."
76561198029369618,Recommended,503560,31538811,Posted: 4 May,all,NRG | DjStyle,"This game is great fun and truly brings across some of the hectic situations and difficult descisions 911 operators face. The voice acting is good, and picking your own city to play in is a great addition to the game.Regarding the negative reviews: as far as I understand most of the bugs people are talking about in their reviews are fixed by now. Also, for the price of a night at the movies I wouldn't complain that this game doesn't give 80 hours of straight gameplay.I sure hope the devs will continue upgrading the game with more vehicles and equipment, but the amount that is available right now is more then enough to enjoy the game."
,Recommended,503560,30348610,Posted: 5 March,all,BullseyeP90,"Nice time wasting game, but as such would be much more interesting to have on mobile devices. Still, if you can get it at a discount then buy it. Regular price however seems slightly high for what you get.However I could see this game being vastly expanded as far as game content goesPros :-no major bugs after hours of playing, so it seems they did their testing prior to releasing this (which not a lot of devs do anymore...)-nice visuals and on screen controls are efficiently laid out-game is actually quite pleasant-you can lookup pretty much any city and play in it (probably uses google maps I guess)Cons :-becomes repetitive a bit fast. limited number of 911 calls to answer so they come back around pretty quickly-not enough different units and equipment to my taste-no way to see what equipment your vehicle has onboard before it actually gets to a call (lets say you have 5 police cars, with one of them equipped with a bomb defusing robot, well you won't be able to check which one it is in order to dispatch the correct car... )-money and vehicles don't remain when you switch to a new map, you have to start all over again-when on a call, units will sometimes be assigned to the wrong action and then you have to manually reassign them (firefighter being assigned to heal a wounded person instead of putting out a fire, or police officer assigned to a witness statement while there is also an armed gunmen on the scene...)-911 calls not very challenging (right answers are usually pretty obvious)"
,Recommended,503560,30303647,Posted: 3 March,all,Deaf3279,"Interesting game of resource management and decision making with ambiance of emergency services.It leaves aside the typical roles of police, firefighter, sanitary, etc. And gives prominence to the telephone operator of 911. This approach gives a new and fresh air with respect to other games of emergencies.The campaign mode is quite entertaining and the free game has some replayability because every day that passes you go buying and improving units.- The best: You can download any city in the world. The game interprets the map and places the police stations, hospitals, fire stations, etc. In the real places. In addition, the warnings come from street addresses and real numbers!- The worst: In the end the emergencies (and the voices of the actors) are repetitive. For example, when a person calls for a stomach ache, it is true that you have to find out the severity of the urgency (varies and is random), but the voice is always the same.Conclusion:- If you like this type of setting, the game is VERY recommendable. You're going to get a really fun immersive feel.- If the issue of emergencies does not catch your eye, check out some gameplay before you buy it just in case."
,Recommended,503560,33572214,Posted: 15 July,all,goonMerchant,An enjoyable experience but ultimately a little disappointing because it could be so much more. As others have said there is no real sense of progression. A nice variety of units but only a small amount of equipment and customisability. The duties start to feel very repetitive after a few hours and by 6 hours in you've pretty much heard all the operator calls.  Workshop and custom maps are a welcome feature but ultimately what the game needs is developer support to add in more depth and content.
,Recommended,503560,30236260,Posted: 28 February,all,Lars (>'.')>,"It has been an awesome game the first few hours. I can see how it becomes repetitive after a couple of hours, but there are a couple of ways to prevent that.1. Don't play on the same city every time. You can download every city you want! I live in a town with about 10.000 citizens and even my town is available to download! Also the different cities used in the campaign are very diverse and each one of them is entertaining.2. I really hope the devs keep bringing updates and dlc to this game, because it will eventually get boring if we have to play on the same maps over and over again, I don't imagine myself downloading every city in the world. I don't mind paying a little bit for new maps/challenges, as long as they're fun!Overall, it's an awesome game and if you're interested in emergency services, micromanaging every unit or both it really is a must have!"
76561198117700601,Recommended,503560,32796589,Posted: 25 June,all,madeline8794,"Perhaps one of the greatest aspects of this game is the realistic nature of its implications; there are advantages to different vehicle types and equipment, and officers have different skillsets. Loading screens in this game also provide accurate first aid and emergency response instuctions; fun game, realistic interaction, and valid learning experience."
,Recommended,503560,30153955,Posted: 24 February,all,Furfag,"Im a sorta 911 operator in real life. Only that I exclusivly take calls from old people who need emergency help, medical help, diaper changes, or assistance in general.Why did I buy this game when I already manage these kinda logistics in real life?Because I got fired today. I objected my supervisor and told him that having a wallpaper is not a big deal. Apparently it is.Now about the game.The interface is excellent and controls are very intuitive. It plays like a real game, not some indie hack.The first hours of carreer mode are nice, but then it becomes too easy - and the phonecalls did get very repetetive after 3 hours. Exactly like in real life. I wont miss that too much.It forces you to prioritise if you put it on hard, which is when the game gets kinda interessting.But micromanaging the units started to feel like work after a while - Why did I buy this game.."
,Not Recommended,503560,30267505,Posted: 1 March,all,Asgard,Way to little content to be worth the money. It's fun the first 2 hours and then you start to wonder why to keep playing. It's a pretty good game the first couple of hours though.
,Recommended,503560,31550121,Posted: 4 May,all,angelikmayhem,"THIS REVIEW IS BASED ON EARLY ACCESS GAMEPLAY========Very interesting. I'm three tours in. So far, very good at keeping my attention. I certainly would recommend this to anyone interested in simulation or career genre games.I'd love to see:- some sort of ""detective"" play where you could send out detectives to investigate crimes- a budget system where, instead of winning ""cash"", you get a budget that is randomly slashed or bolstered- a budget for gas that is affected by patrols- a way to promote your officers/firefighters- bonus cash for ""newsworthy"" or ""heroic"" events- set up cameras at key intersections- AI ""state cops"" who will nab bad guys too (some competition)I'd like to kill:- auto-patrol for cops- real-world cities (instead, generated cities)- unlocking cities one-at-a-timeSorry if any of these things come up later."
76561197999166071,Recommended,503560,34459540,Posted: 24 August,all,WarthogCC,"Quite possibly the most addictive strategy game I've played in a while. But I might be biased a bit because of my law enforcement background.The fact that you are not stuck playing only a few developer's-choice maps, and can literally download hundreds (if not thousands) of maps of almost any place in the world, makes it never boring and continuously fun for hours. And it's pretty much bug free. Unless you call not being able to download a very specific home town, a bug. It's fracking awesome!My home town is a suburb of Chicago, IL.  Being the 3rd largest city in the USA, I immediately assumed that the area was too big and you would only be able to grab a generic map of, well, metro Chicago.  But I was able to grab maps for almost every suburb in the surrounding area. Areas that I am familiar with. That is what makes it so cool.Only one downside to the map downloads.  Sometimes if the city you choose is very large, the map turns out to be only a square portion of the center, or ""metro"" part of the city.  But this game is so much fun, that can easily be overlooked.  For example, I currently live in South Tampa, or the Palma Ceia neighborhood, of Tampa, FL, which is in the Southwestern corner of the city.  But when you select Tampa, FL, the furthest Northeast corner of my neighborhood is actually the Southwestern corner of the map, barely.Maybe they can create an option to create a map centering on specific map coordinates (using the map coordinates tool on any map site) so that you can get the part of town you want, instead of just the middle. Like in the search box, I should be able to enter the coordinates, instead of a city name.  And it will create a map centered on that instead.  But that idea can be proposed to the devs later.Okay so I'm talking a lot about the map choices. But the rest of the game features are great as well. The interface is very easy to understand. The icons and lightly done animations allow you to quickly understand what's going on at all times. The incoming call voices are realistic with well done voice acting. Some are repetitive and need to be expanded a bit. (I keep laughing at the guy reporting ""a strange car"" in a parking lot.)  But you can always choose to not answer calls (letting the ""other dispatchers"" do that) and simply manage the units.There are even real safety tips and advice from actual law enforcement, fire department, and paramedic training courses in between your ""shifts"" on the job.  This is actual learning and training you can use in the ""real world"".  How cool is that?Overall I'm very impressed with how well this game was put together and how thoroughly the devs worked out the bugs (if any even existed).  Great game for anyone who is a fan of public safety, scanner listeners, or anyone wanting to become a police dispatcher.  This is a great test of your multitasking skills.  All thumbs up here!"
,Recommended,503560,30182093,Posted: 25 February,all,SourCream,"Pros- Cool gameplay- You can play ANY city/town in the world. Just search for your hometown in ""freeplay"" and have a go at cleaning up your own streets.- Different vehicles/persons with different abilities which will be helpful in different situations.Cons- Sometimes events happen outside the map. Can be dealt with, but it can be a hazzle (Has only happened to me in freeplay).- Repeateative stories after playing for a few hours*- Game sometimes crashes on loading screens*This might give you a feel of being experienced 911 operator. However, I wish there were a few more...I look forward to future updates. I had also been waiting for this game for a long time and bought it the day it came out. Not disappointed!Will surely play more of 911 operator in the near future."
76561197962695836,Recommended,503560,30237149,Posted: 28 February,all,MP5,"My favorite part are the city maps in free mode. Put in my city and it even put the fire/police stations and hospitals in the right places.Gameplay is okay, kinda lame to lose due to earth quake and over a dozen fire events in the last 2 minutes. 2 Firetrucks and a helo couldnt keep up.Biggest negative is lack of shortcuts (as far as i know, hmmm maybe I should read a guide. . .). There is a tab to configure input, but that is mainly for controller and scrolling the map. I need an easy way to PAUSE.Totaly worth full price.DLC up to you, I did. read reviews, makes it pretty clear."
76561198358189833,Not Recommended,503560,30164573,Posted: 25 February,all,karim.nagieb,"the game idea is so nice & i like it , but it need more improvement like the police chatter in the back is repeatable , & also the also the same situations like they are 20 situations & the are keep repeating , to be sincere i became say what the man or the woman in the call will say! nothing more the video of the game , no more teasers , its just 5 teasers in the game  ;( , i wish it was much more than this .... i dont recommend this game until they improve more"
76561197972291046,Recommended,503560,30198627,Posted: 26 February,all,SpazBates,"What a superb game! I've been a dispatcher and details aside...this is what the job is really like. Managing and prioritizing is the name of game. I like the radio chatter too :) A very fun and unique game.The game adds the money element as a motivator for completing calls and making the best choices. I think it's done well (always with room for improvement) and adds the fact that you can make your units more effective; hence, you can get more calls completed!I learned early that effeciency is important. I highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,503560,31203373,Posted: 17 April,all,reverend,"It's a very fun game, at time hectic, but always controllable.The cases and solutions are somewhat realistic, but keep in mind that it is a game first, and a simulator second. Also, what I'd like would be not only the reputation changes after a shift, but also whether the cases were handled ""correctly"".  Shortcuts for time acceleration are missing, especially a pause key.Overall, I *would* recommend the game, BUT:- Very often, in the team screen, squad member ""hang"", and you have to restart the game to assign them- *gamebreaking* During the assignment screen, at least three times during my first two hours, entire team vanished. Once it was ""just"" a fire engine, but another time, while using filters, the entire police force disappeared. Instead I got the fire team doubled.Again, I would recommend this game, even full price, but only after those bugs are fixed - the first one can be worked around, but the second one essentially breaks the save."
76561198133613803,Not Recommended,503560,30165576,Posted: 25 February,all,Kuttah,"After about 15mins of gameplay you'll be bored. It just gets repetitive real quick. The calls don't vary much and end up repeating...if anyone thinks it's realistic they're wrong. A friend and I tried various options and there are just no consequences, for example you can ignore every call and nobody will die and several things can resolve themselves. Just remembering it makes me yawn."
76561198034881656,Not Recommended,503560,30162590,Posted: 25 February,all,Neypot,"Found this game very repetitive and boring. I had enough with the fifth ""My car was stolen"", fourth ""My stomach aches"" and third ""There was a robbery"".The most interesting call is in the tutorial, and unfortunately the one we ear in the second steam video.I asked for a refund."
,Not Recommended,503560,34079613,Posted: 7 August,all,Skankhunt42,"Played it for 9 hours, would like to have the 4 of them back. There are like 10-13 calls maybe less and thats it. Very repettitive game and it gets borting fast. Loved the game the first 3 hours and then it got boring with the same calls and propblems. After you have played it for 5 hours you can aldready guess what call you are gonna get just with the first sound the person makes in the call.3/10"
76561198369265834,Recommended,503560,30803913,Posted: 28 March,all,matthewchetana90,Not a bad game gets fairly repetitive over time would only buy on sale.
,Recommended,503560,32837618,Posted: 26 June,all,Heldslaiene,"Awesome game! If you want to have fun with really realistic system, that's the game for you! Totally worth a try! It's not just a click and paly game, you should think and make the right choices."
76561198044272741,Not Recommended,503560,30147045,Posted: 24 February,all,More dazzling than ever,"Disclaimer: Read my experience from the game itself, don't just look at the thumb down button and don't try this game for yourselves because this game doesn't deseve thumbs down. I don't recommend the game because of it's current situation, not because of the game as a whole. When the game's improved in good ways, i'll edit my review.This is a very fun and helpful game. Beside the gameplay, the game provides you with helpful solutions for emergency situations like bone fractures, lots of blood loss, oil fires, etc... when you first started the game as well as every time the game loads. The game makes you appreciate the job very much (although my country doesn't have 911 service, i still respect the operators a lot thanks to this game.) I love the idea of this game a lot, but the execution is kinda disappointed me so i have to write this long review instead of some short pros & cons.Now let's talk about the gameplay itself. It gets boring real quick, pretty much the main thing you'll do is: That place needs police? send police; this place needs an ambulance? send an ambulance; That place needs an firetruck? send a firetruck, then wait for the incidents to be resolved until you can use those units again. Luckily you have several units of each type at your disposal. Then the game will kind of speed up, more and more incidents will happen and you'll have to make decisions if that incident is worth sending units or not. Or some incidents can even solved by just providing the right answers to the caller, which will save you precious time that you could've lost if you had sent a unit there to resolve the incident.The game just released but it still give me this... ""early access"" feeling to it because so many essential things aren't there, and the game can be very unfair to you in an impossible way (maybe because i'm dumb and don't know how to resolve the problems but read on and decide it for yourselves.).You win the game by earning ""Reputation"" - You solve problems, you earn 2-3 rep but if you can't solve them (wrong answers, can't response in time, ignoring incidents and even game bugs.), you lose 4 or even more. If you lose so much reputation, you'll lose. Imagine a woman who called you because she saw a robbery yesterday, you tell her this line is for emergency, she should report the robbery to the police station nearby instead and that woman gets offended, you lose 5 rep and you'll have to solve 2-3 incidents successfully to recoup that rep you lost. By the time you're solving that 2-3 incidents, the game sends you more and more incidents so you have to tell the callers to wait.Oh and let me tell you, it takes minutes for the units to resolve the incidents when they get there, unless you upgrade them with items, recruit more units if you have enough money (you won't, at least in the early game). So because you don't have any units standing by to solve those new incidents, you'll lose your Reputation because you made them wait for so long. ""Why don't you deploy more units?"" you may ask, because the game only let you deploy the units once when you first start your duty. While you're on duty, you can't deploy more units on demand. Remember, the game only gives you limited amount of money when you start so you can't even assign more units before the duty start.The game's voice acting is great, it really deserves the word ""great"", but it will be very repetitive, unless the developer add dozens of new call scenarios each week, which is a very unrealistic situation. I haven't heard all of the calls yet, but some repeated ones, i just remember the responses to answer them and i earn reputations by answering the right lines without the need of sending units. You'll have to do this too, i'm sure of it, and you will feel very repetitive doing this over and over again.Let's talk ergonomics of the game. The game has a speed up, pause the time system you can see in simulation games (Project Highrise, Prison Architect, The sims, City skylines, etc...)  BUT IT HAS NO SHORTCUTS, WHAT?! i'm sure this will be added in the future but right now you can't set the time to max speed or pause, or normal speed at a press at some buttons. You have to hover your mouse on little tiny buttons to set your time every time you want to manipulate time in this simulation game and it's frustrating.Also a bug i got, there's this call without a ""wait"" option, just the ""ignore"" option. This is a big deal because:1/ While you're on a call, the game sets you at the speed even slower than normal speed. Unless you press ""wait"" so you won't upset the caller and you can set times at your will to speed up the progress, it will take hours of your real life just for the unit to come to the address and resolve the problems. Resolving problems at normal speed takes minutes, but in this speed it will take hours.2/ The only pressable button for you if you value your real-life time and want to take more calls (when many of your units are idling) is pressing the ""ignore"" button, which you will pay with your reputation. You'll lose the game if you lose so much rep.The game lets you play with your city's map also, which is a fun plus for me.This game has potential, the idea is great. Coming out from kickstarter is a big thing but i hope the dev won't just leave the game at this situation because it will kill the game."
,Recommended,503560,32890318,Posted: 27 June,all,Squishy,"Simple, and yet, pretty damn good!Perfect for a short little game.Only drawbacks (and then again, it's really not that bad really), is the people management/team/equipement, which should not fall on a 911 operator, but since it actually adds some value to the game itself, it can easily be overlooked :)10/10 would dispatch a police officer to get a cat down from a tree while the guy asked for firemen :D"
76561198309063868,Recommended,503560,33160004,Posted: 2 July,all,mrdontargue,"Great way to excerise the brain, gets a bit boring and repetitive after a few hours.  Some of the voiceovers dont match and the layout / screen display reminds me of 'where in the world is carmen sandiego' from the early 90's!.Not bad for a few hours of fun - wouldnt pay full price for the game though."
76561198062662550,Recommended,503560,33456703,Posted: 11 July,all,WhiteCollarCrimes,A little repetitive after a couple hours of gameplay.But still really fun to play every once in a while.7.5/10
,Recommended,503560,31830272,Posted: 18 May,all,Erfajer,"911 whats your emergency?My kitchen is on the fire!Mam, what is on fire.MY TOASTER!Throw a wet towel over it.BZzzzZZZZZz...Mam? (whoops)"
76561198250347384,Recommended,503560,30456905,Posted: 11 March,all,perman,"An excellent concept, that is well executed on the whole. The game puts you in a control room of an emergency response centre, where you respond to 911(/999/112) calls and dispatch the appropriate unit(s) to the scene. The visual style of the game works well, the game can be genuinely stressful when things get busy, and the need to make split-second decisions over the phone all make this a memorable game. It's fun to play in your local area wherever you are in the world - although the game is still very US centric; here in rural North Wales, I can assure you that gunfights do not occur multiple times a day!The game is technically reasonably stable - in about 6 hours of gameplay I've only had one issue where an emergency call did not show up on the map, but bizzarely I seemed to get two calls to the same location which may have been the issue here.There are a few things that could make the game better:- The calls can be repetitive. A lot of effort has been made to ensure that the calls are varied within themselves (not every stomach pain is the same, for example), but there are lots of scenarios that are yet to be included. No chest pain scenario, for example.- Coming from a medical background mysef, I don't always agree with the medical advice that is given out, and I think the questions could go into a little bit more detail (the abdominal pain caller if the most common cause). Often, there isn't enough in the call to say the caller doesn't need an ambulance, and some more questions could make the game more realistic.- It should be easier to identifiy specific units, maybe by including their number on the screen? Sometimes you may want to send a unit with more police officers/firefighters/paramedics to a specific incident, or use some specific equipment on board but it's not easy to see what each unit has until they're on scene.- The screen with current incidents in the bottom right could be tidied up to help triage the calls - it would be good to see what we've dispatched where, as it can get a bit messy on the screen when it's busy.That all said, I still highly recommend the game, and look forward to (hopefully) some more content. It's a challenging, enjoyable, and unique game."
,Recommended,503560,32660370,Posted: 22 June,all,!StormForgotten,"8/10.A unique resource and time manager accompanied by various real life scenarios.If you enjoy playing a lot of management styled games, then 911 Operator will feel right at home to you.However, while I find this game to be fun and unique. I also have one slight complaint. The assortment and variety of calls you'll receive during a playthrough begin to repeat and feel repetitive. It's my understand you can add more unique calls through the steam workshop, so that's always a plus.Other than that, this is a soild entry for fans of the management genre.Edit: Just reached 13 total playing hours.. And I'm complete bored with the game. Don't get me wrong, it was a neat experience but the replay value is poor. That said, I'd still buy the game."
,Recommended,503560,30250863,Posted: 28 February,all,NeroBron,"""Dead Old Man was reported dead""  -911 Operator"
76561198073229691,Not Recommended,503560,31702759,Posted: 12 May,all,Motor Head,"This is probably more a word of caution than a review.I thought the concept of being able to play the game in your home town would be pretty neat(main reason I bought it). Unfortunately it doesn't help the repetitive nature of this game. It's just the same thing over and over again. ""911 Whats your emergency"" Send vehicle to said emergency, rinse and repeat. This game gets REALLY OLD, REALLY FAST and can even get to the point of annoying. That's not even to metion how invasive this company is.How do I know this? Glad you asked. I happened to take a look at my output log and noticed the game was sending Google Analytics hits at a regular interval. I put an abrupt stop to that by blocking it's internet access with my A/V software(D/L'ed all the maps I wanted anyway. HA HA).Heck, they even want all your .xml files for bug reports which have no pertinent info as far a bug squashing. Nosey ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s want to know everything your doing in game, what maps you play and so on. Sorry, not from this guy. If I may quote the Soup Nazi here, ""NO INFO FOR YOU!"".If I had it to do over again, I'd buy a case of beer instead as it would have given me longer lasting enjoyment. If you decide to get this game, wait for a sale because I just don't see $20.00(including DLC) worth of game or content here. And I sure as hell don't like being spied on when I'm playing a game."
76561198402946170,Not Recommended,503560,33824347,Posted: 26 July,all,WAGA BABA BOBO,"I thought this would be fun but after about 3 hours I had nothing new to do. It is a mobile game I wouldnt buy, unless its on sale. I dont recommend this unless they add some amazing feature I wouldnt buy it. I have tried several times to play this but I get bored after the first day. Please save your wallet from this dissapointment and just stay away."
76561198009159152,Not Recommended,503560,31195544,Posted: 17 April,all,OliverJ,"5/10Fun games for a few hours.For a simple game, it has a surprising lack of polish and tons of bugs (to the point where you feel the devs have no love for their game)If the game was early access I would've given it a thumbs up.  I'd buy it at 50+% discount, but not full price."
76561198145345849,Recommended,503560,30463364,Posted: 11 March,all,MegaByite,"Very interesting concept with alot of promise, hoping to see more development"
76561198337882593,Recommended,503560,30244268,Posted: 28 February,all,Angers,Very good game however still very buggy. The city of chicago often doesnt allow me to click on anything or dialogue options dont appear. Also nearly every police incident ends with a firefight which just isnt realistic and the calls are very repatative. Also day 1 dlc is a little annoying and its overpriced for the content you get.This may seen very negative however the game is really something different and as an emergency dispatcher in my day job it does feel quite real at times having to make decisions based on risk and threat.
76561198206308691,Recommended,503560,30719239,Posted: 24 March,all,Six Days in June,"I feel like a real 911 Operator. Best part...ANY CITY IN THE WORLD!You can literally play as an operator from any city in the world....not just the major ones, but even your own home town.Big or Small.Great Game...could use more units such as making DLC free."
,Recommended,503560,31699077,Posted: 12 May,all,❦Xeonzsღ💕,"Superb game and high quality for an indie, I love playing this when I'm chilling instead of having to commit to a game or play it during downtime at work, the game is enjoyable and has replayability by increasing the difficulty and improving your team on all the cities that you enjoy playing.Unlike some people say the DLC are not neccesary, I never use the ones from either DLC, they add some nifty things sure but they are totally not neccesary, they just add some spice of life.I however would suggest waiting for a sale, 15 seems a bit steep unless you really like casual indies, if it's below 10 I'd say grab it!"
76561198064372075,Recommended,503560,30205751,Posted: 26 February,all,fenghaolw,"Pros:- Fun.- I like the BGM and voice.Cons:- Should add more cases -- currently we keep resolving the same thing again and again. I know that must be true in real life, but in a game we want more challenges and more interesting cases.- Lack of keyboard shortcuts. At least we should have some shortcuts for pausing, adjusting the speed, and answer the calls (or go to the latest position...)- All officers have the same salary, which do not make sense. A police officer with 99 shooting skills and 99 driving skills should cost much more than another with 50 and 50. Also, it is better to add more traits to different officiers (something like fast driver: +20% speed, but have a 20% chance to get an accident and delay the time... there are a lot of rooms to improve in the character system).- A small bug: if you choose the filter in the deployment view (only show the polices or ambulances, for example), and enter the game. Next time when you hit the deployment page, the filter is not working, but it still shows the original filter. It means I have to click the filter twice to make it work.- Lack of cloud storage for the saves. I cannot share progress between my mac and my pc, which is super annoying.- DLC is something you have to buy -- which is not how it should work!"
,Recommended,503560,30769508,Posted: 27 March,all,IMD12B,fun lol
76561198079415755,Recommended,503560,30866146,Posted: 31 March,all,Connor Akamatsu-Ludenberg,"I have completed this game and all its achievements.Pros:-""Career"" (story) mode can be challenging yet fun and pretty quick to get through.-Addicting gameplay, stratigical and keeps you on your toes.-Many different routes in terms of how to get information and how to handle a case.-Really can play in any city, pretty cool to play in your town!Cons:-Repetitive gameplay-To go with the point above, some calls are really one dimensional and take long to get through-Needs more updates in terms of gameplay and cases-Lackluster pre-duty screen.Final Thoughts:The Pros outweight the cons and this is a pretty good game. If you're skeptical, definitely put in on your wishlist and wait for a sale.Feel free to add/message me about the game if you want more information."
76561198077075375,Recommended,503560,30813719,Posted: 29 March,all,Sombra2,"Ok. The game has a lot of potential, but it gets repetitive, especially with the phone calls. I would like to have more variety and different challenges. However for this price it can get funny for a few hours."
,Recommended,503560,31574389,Posted: 5 May,all,"Mike ""Deus Volt"" Pence","The only negative in this game is that I cannot see the face of the mother whose kid dialled 911 for maths homework help, and ended up having a fully toolled SWAT team arrive 20 minutes later to teach him a lesson."
76561198045268417,Recommended,503560,31632396,Posted: 8 May,all,BobPOS,Very Addictive. Need alot more verbal calls scripts (MODS) and maybe more vehicles and other items???
,Recommended,503560,32838922,Posted: 26 June,all,Kalimah,Fun and addicting game to pass the time.
,Recommended,503560,30151031,Posted: 24 February,all,Nebula,"This game is very fun. It also has a career mode that has you going through major cities. It starts in hawaii and you go through until you get to washington DC. The game has surprisingly good progression system which I was worried about when I bought this game. The dialogue sometimes get a bit repeptitive, but the game has a lot of variation. Their was some minor glitches like the application not responding, but just waiting fixed it. You can also download maps of other cities including your own which uses real address and location in that city. Overall Its a really cool game and has surprisingly good replay value the only concern I have in the repetition of dialogue, but other than that I totally recommend for a $15 price tag. 8/10"
,Recommended,503560,30442557,Posted: 11 March,all,NoMotion,Inovative yet simple so i recommend. I get a lot of fun out of it just playing casually. There are a lot of repetitive calls however and no way to advance the dialog that is the only real con. I feel like with more budget they could have improved and added more scenarios which i hope to see in the future
,Recommended,503560,33061510,Posted: 30 June,all,violetmoongoddess,"Pretty fun, it lets me see kind of  what real operators go thru. it was very challenging as it goes on. i hope there more added later."
,Recommended,503560,33155155,Posted: 2 July,all,Siphiwe Tshabalala,"The only minus is that the emergencies that occur are repetitive. Regardless, the game is a ton of fun if you want to put your multitasking skills to the test. Plus, there's a mod community that's constantly creating new emergencies and you can play on ANY city in the world. I'm from Ontario and I could play in virtually every city or town in Ontario, from a city as large as Toronto to a town as small as Grimsby with a couple thousand people.The area the game covers in larger cities is quite small though. The ability to expand the area into surrounding suburbs to cover entre metropolises would make the game even more challenging."
,Recommended,503560,33493325,Posted: 12 July,all,Refleks,What should i say about this....THIS GAME IS AMAZING! i've played this for 9 hours total and i've been loving each hour of it! The calls feels so realistic! I get sometimes emotinal when there are serius calls. idk why. Controlling all the Cars and helicopters are realy fun! The campain makes everything better! More new calls. Earthqueakes. And specific calls for specific situations! The pepole who made this game did their research and they should update this more!Now for some cons. When i have a call with someone. In middle of the conversations. The caller just stays quiet. aka bugs out and i can't say anything.and i have to ignore the call. So i loose reputation.Amyways im going to say that this game is amazing!
,Recommended,503560,30164995,Posted: 25 February,all,JarredHD,"Since i got this game on release, i've had lots of fun playing these Campaign Missions and also some Free Mode. My Favourite part of this is that we can download any city in the world and have that as a secnario! So i'm not limited with just one city. Lots of fun would recommend getting this game!"
76561198018475065,Recommended,503560,33934071,Posted: 31 July,all,AtreidesX,"Someone had a great idea to make this game but it turn out that well. Even though the game is really fun but after 3-4 hours of playing the game it gets really repetitive, but its still worth it to play at least those 3 hours"
,Recommended,503560,34610383,Posted: 30 August,all,benn,"Honestly, this game is a lot more complicated than I thought it was going to be, but I love it. The realism in this is amazing, the strategy in this is perfect. I love everything about it. Oh, and better yet, there's a workshop for it. I love this game. If you're into challenging games but are fun and relaxing, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,503560,34413474,Posted: 22 August,all,Pleym,"What I miss is slots for the vehicles to carry equipment. Like extra weapons and tools. The policemen should have more slots in the tool belt. Computer for the car would be a better idea than taking up space for body armour etc.There should be space for heavy body armour, shield and ""Mp5"" etc in the vehicles. The policemen should be able to wear light bodyarmour for normal service.Also for a greater tool belt it should be possible to add stuff like, batoon, pepperspray, etc. not all countries in the world have armed police that carry pistol in daily service.But over all a great game, that have much potential."
76561197998701258,Recommended,503560,31623049,Posted: 8 May,all,Psygnal,"I've only played this game for around six hours, but it's definitely one of those ""quick to learn"" games.It's not complex at all, but it does seem to have quite a lot of replayability.You take the role of a 911 Operator - which should be obvious from the title - but really it's a management game.You respond to 911 calls in two ways... one, by moving your assets around to visit each on-map incident based on priority and type (fire engines to red icons, police to blue, etc) or by making conversation choices during a phone call to direct the call to a certain outcome.You do this for a 'shift', or a game day. Then you get to spend the money you earned on buying gear or vehicles, or hiring staff.  Gear helps your staff survive the work day, or work faster. Staff means you can take more people to help deal with particular issues, and vehicles mean you can direct more units to incidents.Graphically it's simple. There's no 3D environment. You've got a monochrome map, and different coloured units. It's pretty basic.  Audio is nice enough, particularly the fully voiced phone calls.The phone calls themselves get old quickly. You soon learn what responses will get you the most points, and can pick them without thinking. There need to be about ten times more of these. I'd be happy to lose the full voice-overs in order to get more variety... but the ones that do exist are pretty cool until you learn them all.One truly cool feature is the ability to play in your own city or town. I was able to call up my city and play on it. It even put the emergency services bases in more or less the right places. This adds a surprising amount to the game.Some of the pathfinding is a bit iffy, though it's not yet been bad to the point of ruining the game.There is a career mode, where you play on pre-defined cities but it doesn't really seem to give you much opportunity to expand your services before you get chucked up the food chain into the next map.This is a fun game, and one that I'll happily say I'll pop back into every now and then. Running a shift is no great hardship from a duration perspective, so it turns into a nice casual game you can jump in and out of. You can boost the difficulty to get a bit of challenge too, if you need it.I'll recommend it, happily - but would caution that you check out a Let's Play or two on YouTube to see if it's your cup of tea before spending the money on it. If it's on special, I'd say that it's likely well worth the effort."
,Recommended,503560,30426108,Posted: 10 March,all,Anc [FR],"Very polished game, atmosphere is well done.A bit repetitive but that ok for the price :D"
76561198017970645,Recommended,503560,31615822,Posted: 7 May,all,Douglas,"Very well done game. Those who say its repetitive is not actually playing the game. Even when you have a call that looks like the same the reason can be totally different. So no matter how many times you got that call you always need to investigate to see what you have to do. Its the same voice, same first dialogue but that doesn't mean its the same thing. Need to pay attention.You also get new equipment, new types of vehicles while advancing. The game is really well done. Also don't understand the complains about graphics. Graphics are great. You need to setup graphics when you hit play - select Fantastic not Fastest. Need to learn how to read.A great feature is that you can download your city to play in. And its really any city in the world, I think it downloads data from google maps. When you do that it also get the real places where police, fire department and hospitals are in that city. So very realistic. I downloaded a very small city that didn't have a hospital, and guess what? When I request ambulance it comes from the neighbour city using the highway, just like IRL.I recomend it a lot. Oh and also there are translations for a lot of languages in the workshop."
,Recommended,503560,34809530,Posted: 8 September,all,NihlusGreen,"A great strategy / sim / management game that provides insight to emergency service operations and response challenges. You take command of emergency services, despatching them to various incidents which have a habit of evolving, while also answering 911 calls and trying to respond appropriately.Wisely the devs have included Steam Workshop mods along with the function to download maps fromopenstreetmap.org.Achievement hunters should expect around 15 hours to complete."
,Recommended,503560,30140420,Posted: 24 February,all,^0UK ' #^3T^0he^3A^0c^3e^0.,Love the game of course there is always room for upgrades so 9/10 love it :D
,Recommended,503560,30234797,Posted: 27 February,all,i dont give a h*ck,"For a game that's just recently popped up on the market, this is surprisingly fun! Well worth the money, especially if you go in, and download a map of your own city! I did, and it actually uses real addresses for each city! I'm sure there will be further updates adding more content, so as far as I can tell this game is only going to get better! Definitely would recommend this to anyone with so cash to spare."
76561198055102614,Recommended,503560,30162905,Posted: 25 February,all,CDMsMommy,"I have already spent too many hours on this game!  This game is addictive, fun, and informative.  You get to see what it's like to be a 911 dispatcher and better understand the stress they endure daily.Some of the calls are funny, like the man who is a little drugged up, who calls to complain about his pizza being too spicy.  There are others that are really sad.  There was one in particular (I won't spoil it) that literally made me tear up.Some people won't like this game because it's based off real life 911 calls, but none of the recordings are actual 911 recordings and the transcripts were changed a bit.  It's really no different than watching Law and Order SVU and other shows that are based off of real life events or playing other games based off such events.I haven't had a problem with the game in the hours I have played so far.  It runs very well on my laptop that isn't anything real fancy.The DLC that is offered with the game is a great buy.  I got both the game and the DLC for around $15 I think.  That is far less than I have payed for other games that I didn't really enjoy all that much.I strongly recommend adding this game to your library.  I don't think you'll be sorry!"
,Recommended,503560,30215013,Posted: 26 February,all,kuribo,"I maintain a fully staffed police helicopter that I use to pull over speeders and write parking tickets in a timely fashion. I have a bicycle cop who I pay every day to ride around uselessly with his two dogs. I'm going to make him the first responder to the next gang fight that breaks out. Come to think of it, I kinda just want to arm all my cops with dogs instead of guns."
,Recommended,503560,30264891,Posted: 1 March,all,Mellwhatever,"I loved the game, but it should have a keyboard buton for the time passage like in the sims. ""1"" is for normal time, ""2""is for two times faster and it goes on like this with ""3"" and ""4""."
,Recommended,503560,30169969,Posted: 25 February,all,cotch,"It's a good idea, it was enjoyable, but within the 30 mins i played it, i experienced the same call with different voice acting three times.. This was only on my 2nd day or 3rd day. It got a bit repetitive. I also liked the pizza takeaway call that is a real call which documents sometimes hidden things you have to look out for if you were an operator. These guys have a tough as hell job, and my respect goes out to them.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oH4GKN3j2F8There's the 911 call i reference. It would have been good to see some more hidden gems like this hidden in the game to find."
,Recommended,503560,30261903,Posted: 1 March,all,JClem,"I first heard about this back when it was still a Kickstarter project. I play a ton of LSPDFR in my spare time and this goes along well with it. Gonna try to use this in my University's Criminal Justice Student Association to showcase for those of us who want to become dispatchers.So far, I haven't had any problems with it other than the game being bugged and not letting me download certain towns. I'm sure that'll be fixed in a future update so it's still 5 stars for me."
76561198318628072,Recommended,503560,31548301,Posted: 4 May,all,LewisMacdonald24,"Emerge yourself into the world of 911 operator, where you (the operator) are a 911 operator. Tell the police, fire service and ambulances where to go and control who goes in the vehicles.you can let everyone die or save them.""This game is very good, i can let people be blown up!"" - Marcus Collier""i really love this fun game!"" - Liam Malonethis game is definately a 10/10 and is fun to play. You should buy after reading this captivating review!"
76561198145903667,Not Recommended,503560,30143095,Posted: 24 February,all,LadyValhalla,"I'm abit disappointed with this game. It seemed like a fun idea and at first I was enjoying it, but the calls are very monotonous and it starts to feel super samey very quickly. Its really too bad. Its a great idea, just not very well done. Not the game for me, I really wanted it to be since i like the idea so much. Really too bad. I also got some crashes :("
,Not Recommended,503560,31621632,Posted: 8 May,all,Solid Lore,"Well executed, nice graphics and audio. However, the calls get pretty repetitive and there's just not enough progression. Only major cities for countries outside of the US/Europe - though that doesn't really change much besides the map.Needs workshop support or more content. You'd be content paying ~$8."
,Recommended,503560,30146362,Posted: 24 February,all,Scholle,One of the best games ive ever played and i got tons of games!- german translation is crap =P
76561198025327974,Recommended,503560,30560648,Posted: 16 March,all,Brian C Hayes,"Love this game, ironically very relaxing sending ambulances and plain clothes police to bank robberies. I hope they support it with lots of content"
,Recommended,503560,30495641,Posted: 13 March,all,Fiaryzdream,"I love this game. It is very realistic game, but it is very repetitive after a while. You can even download your city and play that and the firestations, police and paramedic stations are in the correct areas"
,Recommended,503560,30332779,Posted: 5 March,all,Tristan,A great game! Looking forward to more updates!
,Recommended,503560,30345477,Posted: 5 March,all,Sondre Andersen,This game is very good!Pros:• Play as a 911 operator and dispatch units as you feel necessary• Play in ANY city around the world• Buy units/vehicles/equipmentCons:• Repetetive missions• Game crashes some timesThis game is a solid 7.5 / 10.
,Recommended,503560,30713734,Posted: 24 March,all,SunDiego34,"Really good game. I have been following it since the beta and it's a very good idea done right by indie devs. Of course, this is a casual game so you can't expect to have jurisdictions or more complex stuff from the dispatcher world, this is supposed to be enjoyable for the players to feel some kind of ""acomplishment"" just by ending your shift, and even more when everyone goes safe home. At the moment, there is not that much in terms of variety in calls, most of them are the same, between car crashes, fires and some medical emergencies. Every now and then a call goes wrong and the all PD and EMS departments have to managed to take care of a emergency call where civilians, officers and bad guys need treatment while having a few units if other calls appear (and trust me, they will appear). Luckly, the devs are here and listening our suggestions and feedback, so don't worry, because it has been anounced a FREE DLC with new calls, aswell as new equipment and vehicles. There is also a paid DLC, given to the kickstarter backers for free, that, as far as i know, it only gives you some vehicles and equipment. There are also some bugs in the voiceover part of some calls and the deployment of a vehicle to a call can get bugged sometimes, and they come from the beta. Maybe they will get fixed in a future patch. There is also a unique option, where you can download the map with the streets names of the town you choose to download, even small towns! Wherever you live, you can be a 911 Dispatcher of that place. Overall, this is a very good game, specially for the price asked and it deservers your full support. You will not only have fun, but also understand a bit how it is like to be on the other side of the line. Everyday, 24/7, they are always there for you, in one of the most awful days of your life and you need the help from someone."
,Recommended,503560,30286857,Posted: 2 March,all,*TheBoX,i love the games like this and this rocks..yeah phone calls repeat itself too much but probably its happens in real too..anyway its fun to play but career story is too too too short..i hope they will add something for career stuff. pls add some more storys :D
,Recommended,503560,30284496,Posted: 2 March,all,✪ Exyp,"This game is great fun and truly brings across some of the hectic situations and difficult decisions 911 operators face. The voice acting is good, and picking your own city to play in is a great addition to the game.Regarding the negative reviews: as far as I understand most of the bugs people are talking about in their reviews are fixed by now. Also, for the price of a night at the movies I wouldn't complain that this game doesn't give 80 hours of straight gameplay.I sure hope the devs will continue upgrading the game with more vehicles and equipment, but the amount that is available right now is more then enough to enjoy the game."
,Recommended,503560,31552023,Posted: 4 May,all,Matt,I was sold the second I played out that 911 Math call in the game10/10 - amazing game
,Recommended,503560,30147210,Posted: 24 February,all,F7haD,The best indie game i've ever played
76561198162768919,Recommended,503560,30151446,Posted: 24 February,all,cjdj2442,BEST GAME EVER WORTH EVERY PENNY
76561198075698925,Recommended,503560,31744539,Posted: 14 May,all,Huck553,Overall a great game!Really like the realism of the calls and a great game to play to kill of time or when you're just in the mood for some emergency repsonse role playing.But more could be done such as- Selling of equipment (currently can only sell vehicles)- Having the ability to rename units to personalised their uses with certain equipment equiped- The option to view what equipment each individual units are carrying while on patrol to better decide with unit to be sent as each same type of vehicle icon are the same on the map.
76561198006958327,Recommended,503560,33407240,Posted: 9 July,all,Dark Chocolate Lover,Really enjoyed this game please add more script and scenario packs
,Recommended,503560,30186660,Posted: 25 February,all,Mountain︻芫══▬Drewitos,"This game is amazing, A man called me to get his cat out of a tree, after determining that he shouldn't go up and get it himself, I made him. He subsequently fell out broke his leg and asked for an ambulance. Thinking it wasn't that bad I ignored it and I think he died? anyway 10/10 would break leg again."
76561198108639586,Recommended,503560,30165640,Posted: 25 February,all,Hydrozen,"This game is amazing, the voice acting is fantastic and i recomend this game to anyone who has ever wondered what it would be like to respond to emergency calls."
,Recommended,503560,30168485,Posted: 25 February,all,WeatherGeek [4x29],Fantastic game!! There is nothing out there like this. I love the fact that it teaches first aid and what 911 dispatchers do. Addictive and so much fun!
,Recommended,503560,30147863,Posted: 24 February,all,Scarface0359,"It's a nice and entertaining game which requires you to be focussed and take smart decisions. The tutorial is quite easy while the actual career mode is a bit harder. Made me ragequit after I got fired twice, but overall a very fun game."
76561198051431810,Recommended,503560,30154761,Posted: 24 February,all,Rocosaurus,A very unique game. Quite entertaining as well. The 911 calls are great.
,Not Recommended,503560,30203846,Posted: 26 February,all,KurtKraut,"Repetitive, un-inventive, not challenging. There is no skill involved. Just the patience of dealing over and over again with the sames texts and audios of emergency calls."
,Recommended,503560,30279988,Posted: 2 March,all,Wass,"Just a ♥♥♥♥ing great game, I love it.It's a super young game (a week since its release) and it's almost bugless and full of content. I hope to see more!(good job to the devs who are doing a good ad campaing on social medias and respond to MPs :) )"
76561198082235839,Recommended,503560,30289592,Posted: 2 March,all,doucet.3,"For such a simple game in terms of what your doing i only downloaded it yesterday and this games has me spending my day off sending EMT's, Fire, and Police all around Moscow, Manchester, and Toronto and my own small hometown of Welland... this games alot of fun and cheap price is a perfect match for me!Already downloaded the DLC and hope they come out with new scenarios and improrvements cause this game is really good.. didnt expect it to be this good for this layout type of game"
,Recommended,503560,32885032,Posted: 27 June,all,CCT | Megan | COO,"good game, but some of the stories do repeat itself."
,Recommended,503560,33392670,Posted: 8 July,all,fruitypuffss,It's a bit repetitive. Some of the calls are repetitive and it takes a while to figure out how to play the game but I do like it.
76561198060859902,Recommended,503560,32966361,Posted: 28 June,all,Felix The Cat,"This game is very addictive at first but then after playing for a bit the 911 calls become really repetitive. There aren't enough different recordings for this game. It is the same 911 calls over and over with very little variation.Lady Calls - Fire she can put out herself.Man Calls - Fire he sees through a window.Man Calls - Stomach Ache.Lady Calls - There is a fight outside or nextdoor.Man Calls - Car was stolen/missing/parked in the wrong spot.Kids Call - Playing with phone.Person Calls - Man unconcious on ground.Person Who Can't Speak - uses tones not wordsMan Calls - RobberyAnd They just repeat over and over again making you have to chose the same options to solve the same problems over and over again. If they updated the game with new 911 calls that would make this game worth playing long-term. Another thing to think about is how hard it is to make your team. The print is really small when you looking through who you have set in each vehicle and some of the imperative information is missing altogether until you take the person out of the vehicle and sideline them. The ""music"" playing while you are in-between levels is horrendously loud and headache inducing. During game play the sounds are perfect. So yes I recommend this game but know that there are a few cons that might eventually become too annoying to make it worth playing."
,Recommended,503560,33096295,Posted: 1 July,all,Mad King Dex[Rusky],Really good :)
,Recommended,503560,33168082,Posted: 2 July,all,jANsON,Fun. Needs you to use your head
76561198014684571,Recommended,503560,32949391,Posted: 28 June,all,FabulousErik,"Very interesting game, I enjoyed the complicated story sort of events, that make the game really interesting. I wish there were more of them though."
,Recommended,503560,32878681,Posted: 27 June,all,Bananitude,"There are no mechanics for entering caller information, which is something I was expecting to do. Addresses are set as a waypoint on your map when you request the location via a dialogue option. The waypoint will be colored to correspond with the service that is needed (blue=police, red=fire, or white=EMT). I would much rather have it be up to the player to determine which service is needed instead of it being labeled for you, I have not come across an option to change this.Situations arise on the map that aren't actually called in, but instead, show up as a notification. I'm indifferent about this because it does provide a challenge when it comes to prioritizing; quite a few of these situations I would have liked to have taken the call for. Most of the notifications are medical related (heart attacks, broken bones, etc) which I see as missed opportunities for learning, but I'm still getting both repeat and unique calls after playing for about 4 hours.After your shift ends, you will be shown a ""scorecard"" which give you a positive or negative score for each situation depending on how well you handled it. You'll also receive money which will be used to upgrade staff, crew equipment to help on calls, and vehicles, a feature I wasn't excited about, but warmed up to later on as a replacement for the lack of progression. You can also get an idea of how well you're doing in real-time via your reputation stat on the top left corner. If you make a bad call, your reputation will take a hit and vice versa.I found this to be a great entry for those who have a hard time getting into the RTS/management genre, especially if you're interested in the idea of managing emergency response, because prioritizing calls is a lot of fun.Plus, it's always amusing to have police request heavy back-up after being shot at the address of the local bakery in your normally peaceful hometown."
76561198150278941,Recommended,503560,30153623,Posted: 24 February,all,[MKN] Thunder,"A few minor bugs, and the occasional spelling error, but otherwise solid."
76561198325478252,Recommended,503560,30198186,Posted: 26 February,all,charlie,"Definitely recommend this game, really engaging and a lot of fun.It feels sometimes like there's too much repitition of incoming call scenarios - the chap with an upset stomach for example is common caller for me, would be nice if that scenario was little more varied.Overall loving the game, looking forward to getting more DLC :)"
,Recommended,503560,30179383,Posted: 25 February,all,SiscoBossco,"This game is fantastic. I posted some gameplay here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHT35wVGfIoCheck it out to see some live gameplay action.Its a simple game, that shows you the real difficulties of a 911 operator's job. You have to manage dispatching police, ambulances and firetrucks along with the employees in each vehicle. Someone might pocket dial 911, or maybe someone has someone in there house coming to attack them. You need to handle the situation!"
76561198105592925,Recommended,503560,30179318,Posted: 25 February,all,Tux ^.^,Great game concept. Very addicting to play. The only problem i have with the game is you get a lot of the same calls. Once they add a couple updates and increase the number of calls you can receive i think the game will be amazing!
76561198009489978,Recommended,503560,30197216,Posted: 26 February,all,stickman122,"This is such a great game. I bought this blindly and figured since I love emergency services, I would give this a shot. It has exceeded my expectations.Pros- Realistic Emergency calls.- Ability to make your own decisions on911 calls.- Be able to play on any map in the world!I love how once I entered, it detectedmy city and knows the exact addressesof the city. Very awesome.- Any emergency services fan will likethis.- Very Addictive. (I haven't played muchyet, but once I started I played for acouple of hours straight.)Cons- My biggest gripe is that there is notenough units. For example: if I downloada big city like New York, you get thesame amount of units you would a smalltown. I usually have a lot of police calls,and sometimes I have to send anotherpolice vehicle to backup another unit,leaving some 911 calls unable torespond quickly. I do hope they addmore unit slots.- I've had a glitch on the fire in thekitchen call. When helping a caller, itsometimes stops. The caller takesforever to respond back and end thecall. Can be annoying but not a big deal.- The DLC is a bit pricey for a few piecesof necessary equipment that helps oncalls.- Calls can be repetitive, as you will knowhow it will go sometimes, but not a bigdeal either.Overall I think this game is awesome. It is very addictive to play. It is not for everyone though. It is not like 911 First Responders or any of the Emergency series. What you see in the screenshots, is what you get. I really do hope they add more unit slots, more types of units, pictures of the units on the map and more calls in future updates. I look forward to the future updates and patches.Overall 8.5/10."
76561198078480418,Recommended,503560,30197412,Posted: 26 February,all,Silenthunder52,"This game is simple yet can get very hectic. I actually start to feel for the ""people"" on the other side of the call, and the feeling of progression each day keeps me coming back as well it is able to play at almost any town and city in the world. There are some bugs left but are rare for me."
76561198298987490,Recommended,503560,30194950,Posted: 26 February,all,NobleSamurai,"Amazing game, certainly helps you understand what emergency call operators have to go through in real life, the developers have done an amazing job, I hope they keep up the good work"
,Recommended,503560,30153941,Posted: 24 February,all,Poland,"What an amazing and unique indie game. I've worked in law enforcement, few games can capture the stress and complexity of public safety. However, this game really nails the tension, excitement, and dynamic nature of responding to a real-world, crisis situation.Obviously, the game simplifies and abstracts reality, but it actually gets a lot right. Gameplay simply involves clicking icons and routing units to their corresponding colors, but many situations require patience, thought, and insight. Things can be quiet for long stretches, and then everything goes nuts at once.Also, being able to download my current city is awesome (the police, fire, and hospitals are all in the correct locations... truly astounding). I can't recommend this game highly enough, it really gets to the heart of sincerely representing the purpose and intent of public safety."
76561198021146195,Recommended,503560,32872265,Posted: 27 June,all,crazygamer101,Great game. Fun to play. Sometimes it tears but with some work it runs smoothly.
,Recommended,503560,30157391,Posted: 24 February,all,[IFN] Kade [SMOD],I REALLY REALLY REALLY love this game. for this being the first day of release. I cant even wait till further updates. I do think that the first career mission its a little difficult because the low amount of money and vehicles. Now if you want to keep the amount of vehicles at the biggining then bring down the intervals of calls and inciddents. Brcause it is very difficult with the amount of incidents i just dont have enough personal to do it. but overall great game.
,Recommended,503560,30206707,Posted: 26 February,all,Tomas the Feel Engine,"Could use a bigger variety of operator calls, but overall pretty good."
,Recommended,503560,30201700,Posted: 26 February,all,omar_uav,i never thought a game like this will be amazing
,Recommended,503560,30192062,Posted: 26 February,all,camper,This is the game that everyone needs to play. Just buy it as fast as you can and enjoy your career.
76561198127192514,Recommended,503560,30163057,Posted: 25 February,all,Pilot,"I really like the fact that you get to actually feel what dispatchers go thru in a ""busy"" day! You are able to get your city and play on it! I didnt think I would find mine but it sure was there! Awesome job guys! For the price it is very reasonable! I highly recommend this game!"
76561198129803744,Recommended,503560,30322673,Posted: 4 March,all,Knightguard1,I just called to say I love you.
,Recommended,503560,30181367,Posted: 25 February,all,Lynx ツ,"I could play for 45 minutes, not anymore because the game gave me lots of errors even after reinstalling. Even if I only played 45 minutes, it's a great game and I recommend it!"
,Recommended,503560,30152788,Posted: 24 February,all,bumbaman7,Great game! It's really fun if you got nothing to-do or have freetime.
76561198006640344,Recommended,503560,30286603,Posted: 2 March,all,Medieval Peanut,"This is a fun game if you like emergency style games.  It's all tactical, high level response where you take calls and dispatch units and the challenge is juggling 911 calls (some emergencies, some not) and there are incidents that pop up and you have to allocate different units to each event which tends to need more than one type of unit or reinforcements of the same.  Its a lot of fun.  The only draw back I'm seeing so far is that there is a fair amount of repeating of the type of missions but some are also pretty cool where you can avoid sending units.  Pro-Tip - Sometimes 1 staff per vehicle is better for coverage area than 2 staff especially when you're trying to raise funds however be ready to send a second unit to high risk situtations quickly if things gets out of hand (shots fired).  I hope they add more missions and build on top of this but for the price its a great purchase!"
76561198025609232,Recommended,503560,34565868,Posted: 28 August,all,Leonov,"Not a bad game, it uses data from Open Street maps to generate a map of the city you are playing in, so there may be some mistakes in placing the stations,  but overall, it's very well done.Overall gameplay is pretty simple, but there is some careful resource managment involved as well as knowing what is the right questons to ask."
,Recommended,503560,30148140,Posted: 24 February,all,JJledzep,"Have tried it for a bit, and I'm liking it so far. It combines elements from various genres to make a compelling experience. I don't know if this is a game I'm going to be pouring dozens of hours in, but so far, it's very enjoyable. I will update this review as a get more playtime in. :)One thing that does bother me, is the DLC (4 euro's), that's available at launch! But that doesn't change the game is fun. It just feels like it should've been part of the base game."
76561198000751209,Recommended,503560,30190302,Posted: 26 February,all,Jubblator,"Fun game, can get a bit repetetive if you play the career in a longer sitting.The calls you recieve are well voiced, some are very heart breaking, having said that som of the more basic ones repeat quite often.I think the game has a lot of potential to actually entertain in the long run, with shorter sittings, as well as actually teach the basics of how to behave in some situations when calling 911.Having gone through basic emergency and cpr traning i think this game covers the bare basics well and could actually teach something useful to someone who has never come in contact with any emergency situation. The loading screens are well done and informative.Overall i would recommend the game for this price."
76561198366879102,Recommended,503560,30303753,Posted: 3 March,all,Mak0shark,"In my real life I work with a lot of 911 operators. In my free time I listen to podcasts that include lots of 911 calls (Sword and Scale is the best) and so in my gaming experiences, when I see a 911 Operator Sim i had to try it. It was as good as it looks. Fun, challenging, frustrating, it's a great game. More fun than I would ever expect a drag and drop point and click game, but there's strategy and worker placement aspects that pay off when you pay close enough attention. The calls get a bit repetitive, but force you to listen and not jump to conclusions because of the variations the calls can take. I got it on sale, and it was worth the 9 bucks I paid. I'd happily pay full price. Great game, a for sure time destroyer. You look up and realize you've spent 2 hours when you just wanted to run 1 shift."
76561198333810061,Recommended,503560,30304575,Posted: 3 March,all,MrSmurt,"This game is very enjoyable, yet it still has a couple bugs and typos that are in need of correcting. For example, sometimes while engaging in 911 calls, I find that i am not given a list of clickable options of things to say to the caller and am thus unable to finish the call."
76561197969150679,Recommended,503560,30304292,Posted: 3 March,all,Stalfur,Interesting game and being able to download your own town is a nice twist - very good use of open data from OpenStreetMap.However being able to download your town also highlights a cultural difference - for example police are not armed in general in my town and country and big gang fights with guns are almost unheard of (one reported incident ever). So the realism vanishes quickly as you dispatch many cars at the same time to gunfights all over an area that has never seen a gun fight.We sort of need a version where we can toggle gun usage on or off or decrease it from 100% to like 10% settings.
76561198016334843,Recommended,503560,30305626,Posted: 3 March,all,Kuz,"This game is awesome, just what I wanted to play!Although, the type of cases are a bit limited, but every case has usually more than 3 possible outcomes, so you never know what will happen. Even when you think something is just an unimportant call, maybe one good question can reveal the true nature of the call (check spoiler1 below). So, do not judge too early (applies to the game itself).I really like that sometimes you need to use your common sense and the game does not tell you everything, only hints. When an accident happens, you need to think about which units should be involved in the help.When panicked persons are calling, you need to think how to help them to solve their problems. Electric fire must not be extinguished with water, knife must not be pulled out from someone who was stabbed, etc.... Basically, this game teaches you a lot of useful things and I really like that!Another surprise were the location-specific events (see spoiler2).I also really like that (with the dlc of course...that I do not like) there are quite a lot equipments and vehicles for all 3 unit types. It's a shame that one staff can only have 2 different items, but I understand the concept behind this decision.The only thing I do not like at all is that there is exactly 0 information about the units when you start your duty. You cannot rename units, there is no popup that would at least show who is in a vehicle and the only way to find out which unit is which, when they start working on a case and the dialogue window appears showing the units and the suspects/callers/etc.All-in-all, this game is a *must buy* if you would like to try your luck as a 911 operator!9.5/10Spoilers:1. In Washington I received a call from a news company. The lady bagatelized the threat letter they received and when I thought it is just an empty call, it turned out the letter contained some kind of poision and the director was already dead!2. I like the location-specific events, like the earthquake in San Fransisco, or bomb threats in Washington. It adds a really unique taste to the game."
,Recommended,503560,30303255,Posted: 3 March,all,whiimsicott,"If you love management games this is the one for you. And even if you think you suck at this at first, trust me you'll get better quickly. I love the feature of downloading maps of cities to play on them, I play my city all the time. I wish career mode had more maps however. Also phone calls get a little repetitive and I kinda wish we had voices to choose from. Also some of the voice acting is strange, especially the guy who calls about the illegally parked car. He gives me the creeps everytime. Other than that this game is really fun and addicting and I recommend it."
76561198018592950,Recommended,503560,35041030,Posted: 18 September,all,Nutcracker,"Decent game but has too little content at this point to be worth it's price. Give it some time to develop and this will be a great game!At the moment during game play there is very little and very slow progress, from what I can tell there is very little difficulty scaling as well. 911 calls showed a lot of promise when I played my first 2-3 rounds but then I stopped recieving varying calls, it was the same 3-4 calls every round; ""My car was stolen!"" ""There's a man passed out on the pavement"" ""My stomach hurts"" and ""2/4 men are fighting"". Luckily there's an option to turn off the 911 calls and focus on task management, which is good but also sad as the calls kept the game interesting if it wasn't for the repetitiveness.When your work is evaluated and your points show up telling you how well you did I wish there would be some sort of briefing telling you what you could have done differently in certain cenarios, kinda like tips and tricks. For example; If all your ambulances are busy and there's a woman giving birth that needs help, it's ok to send a police vehicle to help out. I did this once or twice out of curiosity, which it's good that they let you do, but if you make a mistake you will be severely punished for it in the form of losing reputation which then results in you losing income which overall slows your progress greatly towards buying that extra ambulance that you need (Vehicles are quite expensive). Damned if you do, damned if you don't sortof.However if you're looking for something new to play that's relatively cheap, this game is a great alternative."
,Recommended,503560,35029367,Posted: 17 September,all,Zoffix Znet,"A nice little game, well worth a tenner.You can play using your own city where you live (altough, I wish the map had some major street names at least). You respond to emergencies and 911 calls, telling the services where to go. At the end of a ""day"" you get some money and you can upgrade the services, buy new cars and med helicopters, and so on.If you actually know how to do first aid, it's a pretty fun game, as you can sometimes give instructions to 911 callers and they take care of the issue, without you requiring to send anyone to the location. Makes you feel all the hours you sat in training were worth it :PFor the negatives, some calls start to repeat, which breaks immersion. Sometimes the options for responses are limited badly; e.g. at one call I had the option to ask for an address in the first prompt, but didn't and through the entire lengthy conversation I didn't get a chance to ask for address and then the call ended and I had to wait for the call tracker to give me the address.The voiceover for the guy you're playing as could be better too. In many calls he sounds very annoyed and unprofessional, and I just feel bad for the callers. I also wish there were a way to zoom out more.Get this game on sale, and it'll be a worthy buy."
,Recommended,503560,35138172,Posted: 22 September,all,CT-7567 | Captain Rex,Great game I'm gonna list my pros and consPros:Fun to playOf course every city in the world I play in my city Greensboro NCThe 911 calls are fun----However the are cons just like any other game----Without mods there are very few callsFEAR NOT YOU CAN GET MODS FROM THE WORKSHOP!Overall I reccommend this game deffently worth 15 bucks and even better on sale
,Recommended,503560,34723074,Posted: 3 September,all,OdysseyAuthor,"I'm really enjoying 911 Operator. It shows the player how to act in an emergency situation and in a way gives you a taste of what 911 operators in real life have to deal with. I love the variety of the calls, from an emergency of any kind to non-emergency calls. I would definately reccommend it to others."
,Recommended,503560,30235025,Posted: 27 February,all,YRYR♪♪ | Kyouko ♥,"Pretty fun. It needs more vareity of voices though, that can help make the game less boring. This game also trains the mind on how to react during certain emergencies, which is a big benefit to the players."
76561198127056021,Not Recommended,503560,30202945,Posted: 26 February,all,春风女神狄璐卡,"BUG,BUG,BUG AND BUGSCHECK YOUR GAMES BEFORE PUT IT ON STEAMSHOP,PLEASE."
,Not Recommended,503560,30247161,Posted: 28 February,all,RainbowBier,"Weird Bugs, Random Crashes on Load and in the middle of the Game, very small Icons that sometimes dont trigger.No good Overview of Units if there is only one FireDept like in small Towns, repetive Missions with same Voice Actors but different Solutions leading you first to belive its the same Case again.  Not worth the Money right now and only even worth half the Price or as F2P Mobile Game."
,Recommended,503560,30139726,Posted: 24 February,all,Holy Gracious Supreme Country,"911 Operator gives you an insight in the job of actual 911 operators. You control emergency services and based on information, you send them to locations. You can buy staff, vehicles and equipment to help shorten resolve time . In my opinion, the best thing about this game is the fact that you can play in any city/town you want.With realistic emergency calls and choices that are hard to make, I definitely recommend this game to others."
,Recommended,503560,30578540,Posted: 17 March,all,Hλ3,"There are two types of calls as I can tell: Normal calls, and ""creepy"" calls.Normal calls are repetitive.Creepy calls only happen once in the carrer mode.The carrer mode is some sort of story mode where some specific creepy calls are scripted to occur amongst lots of normal calls.The game is repetitive, but you must reach San Francisco in the carrer mode for the first concrete difficulty of the game to kick in.Unlike ""Papers, Please"" there's no much fun in the procedural encounters, only the scripted encounters get interesting.Overall I'm pretty neutral about this game, I expected more depth in the calls but it devlivers what was advertised."
76561197990513624,Recommended,503560,30250325,Posted: 28 February,all,Steellwaters,"This is a fun game.   It is more than just answering 911 calls.  Youalso need to dispatch and manage your emergency assets.     There is a management side of things as you are in charge of hiring staff and buying equipment.   You simply tell who top go where and let it happen.Small cons that don't really detract too much:  The calls do get repetetive but it seems like just because they start the same doesn't mean they turn out the same..but there seems to be an epidemic of people just falling unconsious on the street...but maybe that is realistic.There is a career mode but honestly the free play mode functions as a career since you are graded on each day and can upgrade equipment between shifts,    The career mode just requires you to reach a certain reputation before moving on to a more complicated city.     In free mode you can download a map of any town or city....I tried several places I used to live......and play there as a dispatch.  It was fun recognizing streets I used to live on.In the long run this game could get repetetive but it does what it does really well and I definitely recomend it at it's current prce."
,Recommended,503560,30536231,Posted: 15 March,all,OscarKnight,"Really neat game, I like how you can download almost any city to 911 in, and because of this, whenever i visit one of these cities in real life, i know where all the stations are like police and fire!Also i learned to always save the cats, people love cats.Buy on sale, worth it imo."
76561198242710626,Recommended,503560,30454840,Posted: 11 March,all,Fireman462,I really love the game
,Recommended,503560,30154113,Posted: 24 February,all,Pear,"This review is being made THE DAY OF RELEASE.Disclaimer: I know I have 3.1 hours in the game, it just came out today. As I play it and it updates I will update this post more often.I went on the Steam Store when I got home from school today and I found this game. It was 11.99 at the time and on sale. After playing for about 3 hours on 5 different maps, I can say this game is well put together. I like how addicting it is, and how satisfying completing a task is. The tasks are well balanced and fair, if you have the game set to the difficulty that is right for you. I also love whenever there's an earthquake, the whole game goes ape♥♥♥♥♥♥and everything starts going straight to hell in the next couple of seconds.NEGATIVESThis game was hype because of the phone calls though. How good are the phone calls? Well...They're a bit repetitive. The same voice lines are said over and over again; in the same day as well. Someone said the garage was on fire. 1 minute after that, another garage was on fire.How would I improve this? Probably make each map have different voice lines, or allow people on the workshop to create their own using a realistic-enough text-to-speech program, or just pure voice. And yeah, that can be easily abused... I just thought of that off the top of my head. Other than that, the phone calls are perfect. They even added audio in the background of them to make it more realistic.What about the difficulty? (Again, you can change difficulty in the options menu. Easy, Medium, and Hard.)The game's difficulty is respectful when you start your career mode, but once you unlock Albuquerque, it rockets up in difficulty. Money is more tight, because the higher the population, the more frusturation between tasks, and more and more tasks get timed out, and you can't do anything about it except change the difficulty. It is better to learn by progressively getting harder, but jumping from a city with a population of 15,000 to 500,000+ at the start of the game is a bit extreme.The game did just come out though, so it might get a tiny bit easier.POSITIVESThe game is extremely addicting like I said before. The tasks are satisfying, and I just love the game itself. And, it is, like it said, very educational. I learned a couple new things about being an operator than I did before. It was also really cool controlling the law. THIS GAME IS CONTROLLING THE LAW. YOU CAN DO WHATEVER THE HELL YOU WANT. But of course, I didn't ignore people unless I had a reason. The game gives you choices in the call as well, and sometimes, it's so fast-paced you'll accidentally click something you didn't want to click. I honestly love that, cause that sometimes happens to an operator too! (Earthquakes... *Hint Hint*It's also a very well organized game. I learned the menu by myself on my second time playing an actual map, and how to buy equipment, vehicles, hiring staff (Dragging them was a tough one to learn, but I learned it.) Also, the money is well balanced. And the statistics are fairly accurate, making this a good game to compete with friends or just have fun. I still don't understand the firing system, but it occurs when you do bad. Kinda obvious.I love this game and I will play more of it. I also do recommend it to you too! I'm happy to hear your comments as well! Please tell me anything and I'll add it in!With credit given to aswell."
,Recommended,503560,33489194,Posted: 12 July,all,BlazerBuzzer,Pros:+ Fun game+ Fun Easter Eggs+ A Challange+ Unique concept+ Realistic voice acting+ Can be modded for more.+ Work at your own CityCons:- Can feel repetitive- Enoying Bugs (Really Rare)Overall: 9/10
,Recommended,503560,32071956,Posted: 30 May,all,Chicago,I did enjoy the game...but it becomes very repetative. After playing for an hour you start to hear the same 911 calls coming through. I do like that you can use your own city at the map...that makes it interesting.
76561197974489327,Recommended,503560,30345709,Posted: 5 March,all,Schmaahn,Told a woman to cover burning toaster with a wet kitchen towel. Had to send an ambulance...10/10 toasters
76561197984854716,Not Recommended,503560,30228532,Posted: 27 February,all,thebeasle,"Great idea but I can't recommend due to shallow gameplay. Being able to play in any city is really cool, and I love the concept. But it gets stale after a few hours and you're literally doing the same things over and over again."
76561197973668619,Recommended,503560,30211954,Posted: 26 February,all,Space Rabbit,This is an excellent game. It requires problem solving and quicl thinking to make sure you get the right resources to the right emergencies as quickly as possible and in the correct priority order.
,Not Recommended,503560,30203278,Posted: 26 February,all,Hank Hill,"we were hearing repeat calls within the second level. Very disappointing. Not enough content for what I was looking for. IT feels like a phone game. I went in kind of looking for a Paper's Please type of experience, where you could make decisions as a 911 operator with increasingly bizarre and dificult or funny calls. Instead, it's a limitted number of voice actors repeating the same calls over and over again. The 911 calls are just one mechanic of a sad few within a baisc micromanagement game."
,Recommended,503560,30204601,Posted: 26 February,all,Bimo,"Pros- Cool gameplay- You can play ANY city/town in the world. Just search for your hometown in ""freeplay"" and have a go at cleaning up your own streets.- Different vehicles/persons with different abilities which will be helpful in different situations.Cons- Sometimes events happen outside the map. Can be dealt with, but it can be a hazzle (Has only happened to me in freeplay).- Repeateative stories after playing for a few hours*- Game sometimes crashes on loading screens*This might give you a feel of being experienced 911 operator. However, I wish there were a few more...I look forward to future updates. I had also been waiting for this game for a long time and bought it the day it came out. Not disappointed!Will surely play more of 911 operator in the near future."
,Not Recommended,503560,33488134,Posted: 12 July,all,Zed,Lost all my progess randomly after this game failed to sync with cloud. I've never had this problem before. The game was fun until I had to start completely over. I only have one PC to play this on so I'm not sure how syncing would matter at all.
,Recommended,503560,33574577,Posted: 15 July,all,Barbiemasacre,Good Game just need more todo I've completed the game in less than 7 hours.
76561197966004547,Recommended,503560,33999573,Posted: 3 August,all,POTUS,"I liked the game, but: it is too short, a little too easy at first and the economy of the game (making money with fines and success) is broken since you always start with the same useless 20k every new city map and you will usually make enough money after your first day to buy 1 vehicle, staff it and a little equipment - always the same really. Calls get repetitive even during the short campaign, could have made a few more. Finished in less than 10 hours of play."
,Not Recommended,503560,33577378,Posted: 15 July,all,MadamShie,It gets repetitive after playing for awhile. Spent the whole night after getting this playing this game however there isn't much new things to expect after knowing how to respond to the calls.Get this only if it's on sale.
,Not Recommended,503560,30143148,Posted: 24 February,all,dubesor,"I loved the concept of playing a 911 Operator. Unfortunately it's more of a gimmick than a fully fleshed out mechanic. The calls repeat themselves over and over and even the lines recording from the Operator (you) don't change. After an hour I pretty much got only repeats over and over. So the ""choices"" you have to make are always the same. As for the gameplay it seems fairly simplistic, send ambulance/firefighters or police to the locations and hope they handle it. A lot of times they cry for backup because apparently there are 20 armed robberies per day in a small district.The problem with the strategy aspect is that the game just uses quantity over quality. It bombards you with incidents so you are just constantly checking for available vehicles and rushing to send them. I didn't even check any of the incident texts anymore, just look at the icon and send the corresponding units. The reason for that is that the game spams incidets too much, I would rather have less but have decisions matter more.Overall not enough 911 calls, gets old and repetitive very quickly unfortunately. Out of all calls I have heard there were 2 semi-interesting ones. Most are generic (teen having stomach pain, complaining about neighbours, not answering, complaining about wrongly parked car...) and way too many calls about stuff that is clearly not an emergency, yet somehow you get penalty if you tell them so. No, i don't care who took your parking spot. Now get off  911.The management aspect is just really annoyingly done. You can assign personnel to vehicles and give them equipment (guns, vests, tools, medikits, etc), however you have to do this 1 by 1 dragging and dropping onto each person onto each slot. Every Single Time. I wanted to reassign my guys to have a fast driver in every vehicle and it took me 15 minutes just to reassign and re-equip everything. With more vehicles this can take ages and is super annoying and inconvenient. You can't assign equipment to personnel permanently. Every time you try to move or change them everything needs to be manually re-equipped, 1 by 1. There is no way to quickly swap or change stuff. Really annoying and makes me not ever want to fiddle with my setup. Which is a shame.Overall, disappointing unfortunately."
76561198008094052,Not Recommended,503560,30200402,Posted: 26 February,all,gareeth,"Repetive and unrealistic is how this game seemed to me.The same calls repeated on what would have been a night from hades rather fast.For the manpower on hand I had nearly all police calls but one of the two situations to go badly wrong really didn't seem like it could.  So you have police taking fire and up and dying in both locations even if you decide okay so robberies and so on need to wait.The tutorial is much too limited as something like how to make a valid team only comes up if due to the  nice profits had in the game if your staff die or get wounded you have plently of funds but what makes a new team invalid and which aare it won't say. If you remove your new ones and start short handed they are still invalid.If it is primarily a simulation I expect it to be a bit more realistic.  Having dialogue where a caller has seen someone get hurt badly in violence and they don't know if the people who stabbed the person leave there home and check the health of the victim isn't how it should go. The amount of time spent on are they breathing, any other injuries and how to give them first aid before you can even send police and medics that way was the breaking point overalll."
,Recommended,503560,30208245,Posted: 26 February,all,Zombie,"It was surprising good, I started playing didn't expect much honestly but the game showed a lot of game mecanics that were a lot of fun. And a game difficulty raising slowly once you understand how to manage evreything. Showing you bits by bits. The level design of this game was well done.I tought I was just playing a game and some simple phone calls as a operator. Until I heard a father finding he's dead daughter. The voice acting was so good I was moved just for a simple dialogue that took a few minutes. Can't imagine the rest.It becomes repetitive if you don't go to higher difficulties a lot more hapens and a lot diferent ways the more you play.Simple customization too bad I cannot rename my cops or some quick outfits but that's okay since the equipements can variate during the game. (bulletproof vest, first aid kit, Assault rifle, shotgun, etc...)If you like to manage something I suggest trying the game out and stop once you reached two hours and eitherkeep it if you think you will play more than 12 hours ( 1 euro per hour) or just refund it.Hope it helped you guys out,Cheers."
76561198026567470,Recommended,503560,33576327,Posted: 15 July,all,shedao,This is a good game but be warned it has adult topics such as suicide. It can be quite heart-wrenching. This game made me have a new appreciation for 911 operators.
,Recommended,503560,33496734,Posted: 12 July,all,NotMatteBlack,This is a great game to the point I almost felt bad when I didn't have enough units to cover everything at once. Love the ability to use most towns no matter the size.
76561197974821283,Not Recommended,503560,30789985,Posted: 28 March,all,mb1,very buggy unfinished game!
76561198137829267,Not Recommended,503560,30354073,Posted: 6 March,all,N A  P O D H V A T E,"Before writing this review, I want to mention that this is my first review.The game has nice concepts and it is unique in it kind. I like sim games which are different and new in their gameplay. However, this game suffers from one major flaw. The conversations that you have are really repetitive. Not only does it inhibit you from deriving any replay value from the game, but you also lose the motivation to advance through out the maps (or levels) of the game.The game should worth $5 at most!!!"
76561198043430625,Not Recommended,503560,32965778,Posted: 28 June,all,Slyent,It's really repetitive after you get through 55 phone calls and with a lack of equipment for staffs. The game only has 50-55 voice recordings. The other 90 reports are in text... that i never read... its an alright game.... but its still not worth 10 bucks... i suggest you wait until the game is on sale for 5.
76561198074658312,Not Recommended,503560,30356324,Posted: 6 March,all,farnhammatt,"It sounded like a great concept for a game, but the execution is lacking. I tried multiple times to solve crisis and it took forever. Ie; When a woman required emergency help for having a baby, the ambulance never took her to hospital despite it waiting there at the designed location for over 7 hours. It was ridiculous. Even combining them with both police and fire department did not work. Great concept. Poorly executed. Had so much potential. Waste of 10£."
,Recommended,503560,30227466,Posted: 27 February,all,Scott ★ Printers,"Pretty cool, only came across one problem which is the game stops responding, at first I thought this was a bug that crashes the game but I found out that if I just give it time it will eventually load.This game is similar to This Is The Police and I like it."
,Recommended,503560,30282150,Posted: 2 March,all,Agnus,"This game is absolutely great. Just a step from realism and the dialogues are something that will make you think hard choices in a short time, you can regret them but if you don't choose someone could get really hurted.Jokers and unlocked phone calls are usual, but then you get something like ""I want to order some pizzas,... ... ... and 2 cans of soda"" no matter how, but the person is trying to get help.Each decision is taken in less than 2-3 seconds, will you send a police car to check or you will save it for some other dangerous cases?Cons:Dialogues are sometimes the same over and overCons of cons:Sometimes those dialogues that seems the same everytime will rekt you because nothing happen in the same way"
,Not Recommended,503560,32870162,Posted: 27 June,all,Vyse,"The gameplay is extremely limited and simplistic. An icon pops up on the city map telling you which vehicles are required to resolve the incident. You left-click on the nearest matching vehicle, right-click on the icon to send it there... and that's basically the entire game.Calls add a little depth, but mostly boil down to selecting a few obvious dialogue options to find out which vehicles are required for the job. They are, however, very well-written and backed by good voice acting, so they do add to the game a bit. The only problem is that there are so few of them that they start repeating during your third eight-minute-shift.The game is also very glitchy and unpolished. During just 90 minutes of playtime, I helped two men give childbirth and watched a fire truck drive straight through a lake, only to become permanently frozen on the other side. And despite working just fine yesterday, today the game won't even start anymore.I probably wouldn't be so harsh on the game if it wasn't for its price. If you take the day one DLC into account, you're paying nearly $20 for a game that struggles to differentiate itself from the Clicker genre and shows you everything it has to offer within 30 minutes. Even with the current discount, it still feels overpriced."
76561198235955688,Not Recommended,503560,31422727,Posted: 28 April,all,Squid,"This game is super interesting for a couple hours maybe, but it soon gets repetitive. In many games I recieved the same calls and then knew exactly how to handle the situation and how it would go down. While it did occasionally throw in a couple surprise calls, after only a couple hours I was completely uninterested. It is a good casual game to play every so often, but I personally didn't think it was worth the price. If you're really into this topic, being a dispatcher, you might enjoy it a little more. I just wish there was more of an objective, or a storyline. A larger reserve of calls would also be great, as it only took a half hour before I started getting calls I had heard several times before."
,Not Recommended,503560,30152749,Posted: 24 February,all,CSD4✔,"A very great game CONCEPT. The game definitely has potential, but gets very repetitive fast. After only playing the game for 10 minutes, I got the same call twice. Hopefully the devs will update it and make it better!"
76561198040441754,Recommended,503560,30331715,Posted: 4 March,all,Braunegger,Cool game!
76561197997359899,Not Recommended,503560,33599342,Posted: 16 July,all,fvez,"Being an ex-911 operator, I had high hopes for this game.  Unfortunatly, after about 30 minutes of play, I'm already bored.  20 bucks down the drain.  The calls are realistics.  I like the educational side of the game about 911.  But handling the fire, ambulance and police units is far from realistic."
76561198119471773,Not Recommended,503560,30167214,Posted: 25 February,all,Morality,"A very boring and repeditive game. It attempts to create the illusion of choice and varity with different voice actors on a few slightly differing situations. You click on emergency vehicles and send them to the corresponding symbol, you occationally get emergency calls which as mentioned above are the same things repeated which you use your best judgement. Now woth 20$ maybe 5$."
76561197962784378,Not Recommended,503560,32736568,Posted: 24 June,all,Arenoth,"I was really exiting about this game. Every review and Let's play was very positive. But now, after mere two or three hours I must strongly disagree with them.Game has good idea but it is incedibly shallow. At first you are having fun managing emergency servises but you will get bored really fast. There is just not enough equipment to unlock for your firefighters or medics. Whole strategy part of this game is just plain and way too simple. There no great crisis or challenges. You don't feel infulence of promoting your characters or equiping them...Gimmic with ""phone calls"" is good idea but again, it will get boring and busywork after a while. And there is no way how to speed things up. You must wait for called to speak read every single line of his dialogue and then operator will do the same.This game should be on mobile phones for 3 bucks. I bought it in steamsales and I still feel robbed. Too bad that I cannot refund it:("
76561198126330208,Not Recommended,503560,30210347,Posted: 26 February,all,Actinguy2,"Didn't enjoy this game -- too repetitive, not enough detail to feel involved, most of the cases repeat and repeat and repeat.  If you're looking for a similar game, I recommend This Is the Police -- no fire or ambulances, but you dispatch police officers and it has more of a story."
76561198336735588,Recommended,503560,30151309,Posted: 24 February,all,J_Hershy37,This game is great and awesome I highly recommed it. I have been waiting for it to come out and it finnaly has got it as soon as I came home from school :)
,Recommended,503560,30683522,Posted: 23 March,all,Brian AKA CMDR Smokey,Very adictive! I'd like to see this in GTAV!
,Recommended,503560,30209842,Posted: 26 February,all,Pro_Cream,A nice game. Interesting and also could experince to be a police officer.
,Not Recommended,503560,30697891,Posted: 23 March,all,Citadel,Inability to place stand-by orders makes this simulator entirely unrealistic. I should be able to request units from neighboring juristictions. No 911 system ever is limited to the units that they can directly dispatch. Calls are repetitive and come in the same order.
76561198272863495,Recommended,503560,31528227,Posted: 3 May,all,(X_X)ANDREW(O_O),really cool game can be very relaxing just sending the units to their correct places and i would recommend to anyone
,Recommended,503560,31056588,Posted: 10 April,all,Totohli,"This is a fun game and the content it has is fun and realistic, on the downside... the amount of content is really small.The game has a fast and 'normal' career mode where you have to go through different cities completing emergency calls while resulting the best possible outcome. The fast career can be completed in 1-2 hours but it was the most enjoyable experience for me, the normal career made me do +- 6 duties in one city which quickly resulted in a repetitious clickfest, the fast career gets rid of the repetition and tries to offer fresh content as much as possible.A nice addition is the importation of any city you like, i think it just work via some sort of google map import but some streetnames were incorrect while playing, it's nothing big but you'll notice it. Gameplay and dialogue stays the same here and that's the big downside, i went for all the achievements and i could almost predict what dialogue was coming up and because you know the answers it just turns into a boring clicking game.The game offers some information on how to act in real life emergencies and what to do for yourself or others in certain situations, it also has some(?) natural disasters in the story mode but i only encountered one (the loading screens bring up another one but i never had it) were the city just gets messed up and you have to go all out on your patrols to clear the damage done.I'll conclude by saying that this game is worth a play but do not overpay, it's not worth the original price because the amount of content is just too small."
76561198370597766,Recommended,503560,30730966,Posted: 25 March,all,BlackCosmic,"9/10, and here's whyAs you can see i play this game extensively, and frankly, it is the best early access game i have ever played.With the gripping gameplay and the strategic resouce management, what couldn't one love about this game?In the first ten hours it is great, but once you are at the point where you are nearly finished with the campaign, the  game is utterly repetitive, it needs much more senarios, and many more vehicles.I liked the San Francisco earthquake situation as it caught me off gaurd, and was smart, us players want more of this, and more content in general.All in all a great game, but there are some typographical errors with the game that will be encountered.Would reccomend"
76561197998651200,Not Recommended,503560,31441164,Posted: 29 April,all,werewolf232629,"This game does have an interesting concept, however it get very reduntant.  You click a unit and send it to an iccident, however it seems that there isn't a real diference in the value of incidents.  If you are wondering how the 911 system works or you are into unit management sims sure this is good, but me without a narrotive, or even having something like activity statics like crime rate or responce time, I say PASS"
76561198096092137,Recommended,503560,31445173,Posted: 29 April,all,Gertcrazy,"I just love the game. But now i'm just waiting for the next update, so everyone can add something to it. Like extra calls, more emergency options, and just more anwser options. And more campaign maps. But overall the game is awesome, so I would recommend the game!!"
76561198104441516,Recommended,503560,31178335,Posted: 16 April,all,ATOM,Love this game.Hoping for some new content to be released soon.Perhaps some more disaster scenarios!
76561198161314830,Not Recommended,503560,31395698,Posted: 27 April,all,pdkennedy,"This game is a disappointment. I'd be almost as disappointed if it was an Early Access game.The idea behind the game is good, and the interface and mechanics are pretty good too.But the game falls down for lack of content. There are a very limited range of calls and incidents that occur, so you find yourself grinding through scripted interactions with the woman who set her dishcloth on fire, the man who was in a car accident, and the man who wants to report a car parked in his spot.The game should have much more content than it does. I've played it for five hours, and it became repetetive in the first hour. This is either because the developers just couldn't be bothered to make a fully stocked game, or because they have plans to reel off a series of DLCs (as is the way with modern games).One solution to this lack of content would be to set up community support for people to create their own calls and incidents, which could be shared across the Steam community. This would, in my opinion, allow the game to develop into something pretty good.Until the devs do something about the lack of content, don't buy this game."
,Recommended,503560,31451666,Posted: 29 April,all,Doom,"Really liking it so far. Hoping it will continue to be supported and updated. I do wish you could rename your units, or at least be able to select them in game to see what they have equiped."
,Recommended,503560,30157047,Posted: 24 February,all,GamingSP,Awesome game love it highly recommend to anyone & its simple to play.
76561198239517444,Recommended,503560,31335692,Posted: 24 April,all,Akira,A good gamebut I felt a bit boring after having played for a while cuz the audio seem to be the same
76561198089528498,Not Recommended,503560,31177067,Posted: 16 April,all,Daan,2 hours of actual gameplay before you've unlocked everything and no more new challanges
,Not Recommended,503560,30303432,Posted: 3 March,all,'-_piXel_-',"Was fun for one play through. Game repeats constantly; same calls over and over. From what I've read the DLC is required to play later levels in order to have the proper units.Lots of potential, but became very boring very quickly."
76561198272096688,Recommended,503560,34764061,Posted: 5 September,all,Brandon,"Ive been looking for a fire/rescue game,so when i saw 911 Operator i had to buy it.It's a very fun game! There are alot of calls and you can get additional calls for free.I think its very cool to be able to play as a 911 operator and see what they Do,and how they do it.I would definitely reccomend this game if you want to know what its like to be a 911 Operator!"
,Recommended,503560,30143771,Posted: 24 February,all,<ERROR_410>,"8,7/10Pros:• Decently made gameplay and gameplay mechanics.• Strategy-based.• Decently designed NPC characters.• Actually provides guides on what to do in case of an emergency.Cons:• Can be somewhat tedious.• Low-ish amount of NPC character dialogues, though more might be added later.• Slightly repetitive.• Some mechanics overlap eachother and some are somewhat visually incompatible with eachother."
,Recommended,503560,30533198,Posted: 15 March,all,Seanster,"I Love that you can download your town, had a terrorist attack 1 street from where I live, wierd."
76561198110671840,Recommended,503560,30349706,Posted: 5 March,all,FS,Great game!!! get addicted from the first play! very realistic and complicated enough! you should try for it! try the hard level if you like to be challenged!
76561198098552554,Recommended,503560,30171546,Posted: 25 February,all,Helios,"Great game with huge potentials here.Played 3 hours straight and I still wanna play more!Sure it needs some more variety on the missions,maybe some more units too,like Special Forces but I already love it.If you are a fan of Sim games I believe it's a must buy.Cheers to the devs fot their work so far!"
76561198074920496,Recommended,503560,30214258,Posted: 26 February,all,FalseFruit,"Great game, just needs more calls."
,Recommended,503560,30173068,Posted: 25 February,all,Ⓧ-𝔾𝕚𝕣𝕝,"Got this game a few minutes after it was launched... Gotta say I'm not disappointed at all! I waited a long time for this game, and lemme tell ya: this game is worth it. As some people have already mentioned: it does get a little repetitive, but that's not really a big issue, as you have the possibility to ""work"" in different places! Not only can you play career (which unlocks certain places after a while), but you can also play ""free game"" aka you can CHOOSE other places (for example the city you live in etc). There are otherwise many other situations, and you get the hint of what emergency service(s) you need to solve the problem(s). You also learn a lot; this game gives you many advices that are actually important to know in real life. There is also communication/dialogue between the people and the conversations are greatly detailed, which is important. Although I have to admit I am in agreement with those who say it's not that realistic, it's still very close enough. In addition to the different scenarios, you can also choose between easy, medium, hard. But honestly, all things considered... I REALLY recommend this game!Current rate: 8.5/10 (trust me, that score is not easy at all to get from a picky and kinda critical person like me)"
76561197985172700,Not Recommended,503560,30151336,Posted: 24 February,all,katan28,"It gets too chaotic to deal with all the emergencies and you quickly lose the overview of what is happening since too much is happening at the same time. Resolving the emergencies is also not satisfying enough and in general it lacks excitement. A more expanded tutorial also would be nice. The game does not give you any strategies to deal with the complex situations and the management part is not explained in a sufficient way.The concept of the game is good and playing in your own city is interesting but the gameplay definitely needs some smoothing and streamlining! It is now challenging (seriously challenging on medium difficulty), but not fun enough. I hope that this improves soon!"
,Recommended,503560,30161532,Posted: 25 February,all,Payback bills,"I have been waiting for this game since fall of 2016. It is everything I have expected it to be, wanted it to be and honestly way more. The game play is very smooth, the graphics are simple but remarkable, and the aspect of controlling all the first responders(the vehicles, crew, and loadouts) is amazing. I have logged 9 hours in the first 20 hours of the game being out, and I will continue to log hours on this game. It is developed very well and so creatively. The only CON/request I have, is the fact that the call outs do get repetative. However, I do look forward to seeing some future updates for bug fixes but also DLC drops! (Maybe an extension onto the campaign). I RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO ANYONE WHO LOVE SIMULATION. 10/10!"
,Not Recommended,503560,30152891,Posted: 24 February,all,Mayhem,"The game is fun to begin with, it has a good UI and has potential but the emergencies are repetitive and gets boring after 30 minutes of playtime."
,Recommended,503560,30160901,Posted: 25 February,all,JosPlays,"This is a very fun game. It can be hard sometimes so you really need to make a good strategy. Bigger cities are easier than smaller cities.The most fun thing in this game is the free play mode. You will be able to download a real life based map of any city you want (if it's available) and you can play on that map. This is a very fun feature that adds alot to the replay value of the game.I think it's a shame that they already released a DLC with cool stuff and I surely will buy it in the future, because reading the DLC description makes me want the extra cars and missions in the game. It would be perfect if they included the DLC to the main game.If you want to check out a fun 911 stategic simulator game I would recommend this game, if you want to do the actual fire extinguishing work than maybe 911: First Responders is a better game for you."
76561198011952486,Recommended,503560,30162486,Posted: 25 February,all,Mr.Money,"Been waiting for so long for this game! Spent a good 5 hours on the game and have to say I love it! Does it get bored after sometime of playing? Yes it does, because the phone calls are most likely the same from time to time. Other than that, I enjoyed the game alot! I would still recommend this game to all my friends."
,Recommended,503560,30169808,Posted: 25 February,all,Bearspirit97,I am having so much fun with this game and addictive as hell i am always interested in simulations like that there are some intense situations. Definitley worth your time. When I discovered that you can play this on any map of the world. ANY. I didn't expected my town to be playable which is in switzerland to be playable that is instant win.
,Not Recommended,503560,30188421,Posted: 25 February,all,Justo,"I was really excited about this game so as soon as it launched on Steam I purchased the game + DLC. However, after playing the game for a good 30 minutes I started to get bored because it felt really repetitive to me. I kept getting the same calls over and over again. I'm saddened to say that the tutorial was the most exciting part of this game.I asked for a refund. I might revisit this game in the future and change my review from a negative to a positive one if they changed the game for the better and added more variety because this game does have potential."
76561198064116600,Recommended,503560,31493654,Posted: 1 May,all,The Storm,played this game and recomend it it very adictive and fun to play
,Recommended,503560,30139570,Posted: 24 February,all,Siontix,"I was skeptical of how accurate the custom city thing would be, but sure enough... replicated my city perfectly. Police station and hospital is right where it is in real life! Bloody sweet, that is.Anyways, from what I can gather thus far from my experience (I'll modify this review as I play the game more) this game has a lot of dynamic content in terms of what kind of situations you run into. Manage the police cruisers, ambulances, and firetrucks to maintain stability in your city. That's the best I can say at the moment and from what I experienced so far, I love it!"
,Recommended,503560,30183869,Posted: 25 February,all,Bravecity,"911 Operater is a game that puts you in the shoes of a emergency services operater. You can buy units, vehicles, staff and equipment. You designate what units go to what incidents. Also take calls to find incidents.Pros:- The game is very fun to play- You can download the map of any city and most small towns to play in- Variety of choice of the vehicles that you can get- You can manage the teams like who goes in what vehicle and the equipment they have- Some calls are very interesting- When download a map of somewhere, the addresses will be to that area. Also all departments will be in near the right areasCons:- The calls get repetitive and boring at points- when in town in different country the law doesnt changeReview:I would recommend this game its a very fun and addictive stratagy/management game and i hope to see more content from the developer soon. This is a very good indie game that i would recommend to anyone."
76561198155782794,Recommended,503560,30147314,Posted: 24 February,all,Trainfan2015,this game is fantastic
76561198058995288,Not Recommended,503560,34979061,Posted: 15 September,all,kkrzaqq,"Not bad game. But definitely not worth 7 pounds.It quickly became repetitive, same calls. not much equipment or vechicles.The only thing that keeps me playing is map. This is awesome feature, you can play operator in your own city.But overall game for few boring moments."
76561198319657748,Recommended,503560,30178211,Posted: 25 February,all,Daddytuna,i played it for about a hour and wanted my money back but when i learnt how to play it right iv been playing it for 6 hours straight i really recommend this game but u really need to make it so we can add mods to the game via steam work shop.
,Not Recommended,503560,30399957,Posted: 8 March,all,R080T1C PEA MASTER,The calls are the only fun part. Not worth 15 dollars
76561198281038268,Recommended,503560,30181170,Posted: 25 February,all,NinjaSquirrel_97,This game is awesome! There are no other games quite like it and I am excited to see what it may become in the future.
76561198071767038,Recommended,503560,30181998,Posted: 25 February,all,firefoxhead,"This game may look great at first, but it is actualy much more impressive than that.With the DLC, it optimizes gameplay. I know that this is a relatively short review, but hopefuly, it will pursuade somebody out there to buy this gaming masterpiece."
76561198002393193,Recommended,503560,30182983,Posted: 25 February,all,[INFL] - Dreadful,A great game for people who likes management and casual games!
76561198215730077,Recommended,503560,30189028,Posted: 25 February,all,SomebodyonEarth,"It's a great game, but I got bored pretty fast. Recommended for strategy addicts."
76561197961147989,Recommended,503560,30193399,Posted: 26 February,all,Pixxel,Awsome game! as a police officer my self ! I  can now be bussy with my work 24/7!
,Recommended,503560,30194508,Posted: 26 February,all,Hilo sir plis step in the car,The game idea is simple and amazing but there is lack of continent. After playing the game for a few hours the calls repeat themselves. I've experienced some crashes. I really hope that this game gets more updates soon. It would be cool if you answer the call you can press the level of emergency. Should the car rush or take its time. It would be nice if you needed to type something. The game needs more voice dialogues. But overall I really like this game! And I will wait for updates!
,Recommended,503560,30158791,Posted: 24 February,all,乃ﾉGGﾉモ,:)
76561198139854670,Not Recommended,503560,34911165,Posted: 12 September,all,bolemeus,Game is fun for a few hours. Campaign is way too short and number of unique 911-calls is very limited.In the freeplay mode you'll get the exact same calls day after day. It gets repetitive really fast this way.
,Recommended,503560,32852009,Posted: 27 June,all,Geeknium,Pros:Really good designReally fun dialoguesCons:Dialogues repeat after the third time
76561198289256719,Recommended,503560,30181416,Posted: 25 February,all,SUGAR TITS,"This is a really good game. I was happy playing this game for the main part of it, but then I had one call which got intense. I won't say what the phone call was about to prevent spoiling anything, but it left me in a panic with an important quick time decision. It was a good idea making this game. I had fun. For some, $13.59 might be more then the worth of the game, but I can say that i don't plan on wanting a refund for the game anytime soon. If you want a better idea of the game, then I did a let's play of it. If you could check it out, then it would mean the world to me. Link to it is below. Have a wonderful day.https://youtu.be/GvJiFb2-XgM"
76561198041400335,Not Recommended,503560,30145093,Posted: 24 February,all,matty1monopoly,"Fun but you can't do more than point and click. Here's a problem, click on it, in 10 seconds it will begin to be resolved, in 60 seconds it will be resolved. Repeat!"
76561198288222625,Recommended,503560,31536990,Posted: 4 May,all,Funtime Freddy,i like this game i lot this is the kind of game i recommend to you if you like emergency
76561198084814494,Not Recommended,503560,30475751,Posted: 12 March,all,Tigafour,"It is def. a fun game, enough for a couple of hours of entertainment but it does do not enough to grab your attention for more than that. It almost feels like a early access game (bug free) that is still waiting for more content. I found the 911 calls quite repetetive and the game did not chalange me neraly enough. I would NOT recomend it at full price, but if it is on discount go for it. Cheers, Tigafour"
76561198077232920,Recommended,503560,31530946,Posted: 3 May,all,holger,"Freeplay - More Units - More emergency calls -> there must be an excellent algorithmI play only freeplay on a big city of germany.Start with a few emergency calls at the first work shifts.Now i have finished 62 work shifts, with:- 20 police units,- 29 ambulance units and- 13 fire department units.And the game did not get boring, because the emergency calls and the heaviness raise up in subjection of the amount of units.I think the devs programmed a good algorithm for the freeplay.Everytime i think i need a little more units and raise it up in the next work shift, there are a little more heaviness and i did not reach the end and get the next challenge in freeplay.This i like very much.Important is to learn, how you (the operator) must work to be successful.If you use your horse-sense, you will be successful, its very easy.Its successable playable for all people with horse-sense, and with the alleged algorithm no boring."
76561198030884871,Not Recommended,503560,30183952,Posted: 25 February,all,Advark,"Game does not work on my Linux Mint 17 box. It cannot load any map either in tutorial, carrer or free game modes. I keep getting a message saying they ""will try to fix this issue in the next patch"". Does run on my Win 7 box but it's useless on Linux."
,Not Recommended,503560,31046862,Posted: 9 April,all,JohnMac,"I like the concept, but it is just way to shallow for the pricepoint, and the DLC is absolutely necessary and should of been included with the base game. Once you have played the game for an hour or two, it is extremely repetitive. The career scenarios will repeat with worrying frequency after a few minutes of play, and it all just stinks of missed opportunity and laziness, which is a real shame, because they could of built a very unique and interesting little sim.There are numerous bugs to beware of too, such as incidents not showing up among other more gamebreaking bugs that have been reported that i was fortunate enough not to encounter personally, but this kind of sets the scene...For the price of £15 (because as i said, the DLC is pretty much mandatory unless you want to miss out on half the game), it just simply isnt worth it and wont keep you entertained for more than a couple of hours or so, which in my opinion, is not good value for money.If you can grab this on sale for £5 or so then by all means give it a try, but keep in mind just how repetitive it is, and expect a mountain of extra DLC to come along down the road if its ever going to feel complete."
,Not Recommended,503560,30169335,Posted: 25 February,all,Devon DF,"Its ""OK"" for the most part TLDR at bottomI can see this game at its state getting repedditive. The one thing i dislike about the game is that more then half of the incedents are not 9-11 calls. They just pop up on the map majically and say they need fierman or police and what happend. Id prefer all to be in calls. There are many things that i am about to say below that are small things but would make the game much better.- Making it so officers and medics fier man and so on respond at code 1,2,3 (code 1 being just driving there, code 2 just lights, code 3 sirens and light) Making it code 3 will make the emergancy services arrive sooner and code 1 slowest.-Having a count down till the incedent is resolved over the incedent icon and or a blinking red when they need fier/medic/police.-Making officers have a patrole route instead in hovering in one section of the city.-Having an ""avrage time till arrival"" one assigning to a incedent.And there is many more i can suggest. I feel like the game will be much better over time. Adding missions special stuff. TLDR its a ok game at the moment. But it can be much better. Hoping the devs update add new features to change my stats of this review."
76561198165223658,Recommended,503560,30258305,Posted: 1 March,all,Aziz,The game is awesome but i will give it 2\5 because exaclty same people and converstion in the phone all the time .. same phone conversion happen evrey 2 minutes
76561197983301475,Recommended,503560,30154393,Posted: 24 February,all,RabidUrko,"Great, be the emergency services operator.Well designed UI and gameplay.Easy management part.Well addictive."
76561198153296673,Not Recommended,503560,30183932,Posted: 25 February,all,blaster_54738,Kept crashing my computer.  Worked for a good hour or so then crashed my computer.  Every time I tried to reload it would just shut down.  Wifi stopped work as well.  Deleted all the game files and my wifi came back.  Something is messed up with this game.
,Recommended,503560,30170724,Posted: 25 February,all,StewySphinx65,"This game is amazing, its simple to play but all the different senarios are what make the game great. Would recommend 9/10"
76561198209135891,Recommended,503560,30261762,Posted: 1 March,all,Jayme.ulrich,AMZING!!!
,Recommended,503560,30948197,Posted: 4 April,all,Kovah,"I just played this game for two hours and I already know that this is one of the best simulation / strategy games I've ever played.It's amazing how thrilling the work as an emergency operator can be. Sometimes it's quite easy to manage all emergencies or other issues (like helping a little boy with his math homework) and sometimes you just don't know how to handle all the callers, then there is a bomb thread and a hostage situation. Jesus.. you will end up with a heavy pounding heart if you managed to solve all problems. And then it hits you: just imagine something like this in real life.Some more thoughts:- You can use original maps of many different cities, seems that the game uses Google Maps data or something like that. It's awesome if you play it in your hometown and then be like ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ a robbery in THAT street?!""- Cars and equipment is quite limited at the moment. But it seems that the developers are quite active so I expect more to come later.- Controls are very easy, you just need a mouse for precise and fast pointing. Tried that on a laptop with trackpad and it went not so good.- Read all instructions on how to play the game. You will be rewarded points for correct reactions but you will also lose points for incorrect decisions.- The callings are pretty diverse and some have also different endings. A fire in a flat is not only burning oil. Focus and listen to the call.- Equip all/most police officers with bulletproof vests as early as possible! This will prevent them from getting injured which makes then inavailable for the next two days.I recommend this to all strategy / simulation lovers out there that are also searching for a thrilling experience."
76561198312055422,Not Recommended,503560,30248550,Posted: 28 February,all,Mel,"Lag too much...The volume don't work,The car going where I select but never finish they 'mission'...Well, I wish I can have my money back for this game.(Sorry for my english, that my second langague)"
76561198011167947,Not Recommended,503560,31574542,Posted: 5 May,all,Bazza,Quite boring. Already had the same incident 3 times within an hour.
76561198044216146,Not Recommended,503560,34973347,Posted: 15 September,all,jemoltechnolive,"very dissapointed. i was expecting something similar to the mobile version. in the mobile version, you choose to start with fire station, or police station. you get 4 staff and 2 units. from there you continue to expand building more stations and eventually a central station and more units. you can then add helipad, swat division etc. from there once you hit a higher level you can then build more. for example if you started with police then you could build a police station and then a medical station and expand those as well. this game was just plain repetitive and boring. the only thing i did like was being able to choose the equipment used by the officers etc, and the radio added a touch of realism but other wise its very bland"
76561198199987006,Recommended,503560,30404980,Posted: 9 March,all,skyrider95,"Good game and very realistic feeling, just one issue though, when adding people or equipment to the boxes it sometimes sticks, and they don't come off the screen."
76561198177547421,Recommended,503560,30406613,Posted: 9 March,all,owen.p,Enjoyable but sometimes hen answering a call it glitches and wont contine the conversation seems to happen mostly on trapped limb in cousins workshop and you have to ignore call to continue which loses you reputation
76561198082736824,Recommended,503560,30404156,Posted: 8 March,all,DiDo96,"I love 911 Operator! It is a great strategy/simulation game. I love how you can play in many different cities around the world. This could be a good tool to train first responders on their first due area. I also like how you can equip police, fire and ems with different tools and vehicles. This makes the game great for customization purposes. The calls do get repetitive, but I have hope that the producer of the game will add more calls in the future. There is great potential for this game!"
,Recommended,503560,30453373,Posted: 11 March,all,DexVo,Please upgrading the game...
,Recommended,503560,30186345,Posted: 25 February,all,POWER RANGER ROSA,"some calls repeat dozens of times, i mean they variate but they arent so much. i am sure that the game will recieve hundreds of updates and i hope they contain new calls. also there isnt too much equipment and i bought the dlc so there should be more. like a swat van with a swat team, or new guns, maybe a firemen dog would be cool, new vehicles. no bugs and game is great just needs more content and it would be perfect. cool thing that u can download ur city, really fun. anyways i hope they are planning lots of new content for the game, if they dont they would be ruining such a good game.edit: i bought this game just accidentaly clicked on the got this game for free thing XD"
76561198192795117,Recommended,503560,30226196,Posted: 27 February,all,me_crazy_steve,asuh dude
,Not Recommended,503560,30681754,Posted: 23 March,all,kainweir12,"This game will crash, I highly discorage anyone buying this game.It's a good consept and only worked once for me however it just won't start."
,Not Recommended,503560,30310188,Posted: 4 March,all,Bat Eyes,"Pretty shallow game playNo proper pause/unpause hotkey, like space bar. Its p for pause and you have to find the little iconNo proper managment of staff. Cant fire themOnce in play mode its hard if not impossible to keep track of each squads equipmentMissions/call gets repetative fastThe DLC (not on sale) is a mustWill likly give it a few more hours.Game is not that expensive, so dont regret purchasing.But not a game I would recommend"
,Recommended,503560,30878186,Posted: 1 April,all,VitaL -iwnl-,Love the game!
,Not Recommended,503560,30914948,Posted: 2 April,all,Bunny,I would say that this game will teach you some valuable information that can be used irl but it's just not all the enjoyable.
,Recommended,503560,31707925,Posted: 12 May,all,Cartof,"This is a nice 911 simulator. Cool graphics, nice gameplay, okay voice acting. I have nothing against it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8b3ga6SYtIA"
76561197970336158,Not Recommended,503560,31542073,Posted: 4 May,all,Kiesel,"In general a good idea and quite good execution....But! Big but! It's to simple. There is no challenge, it's not difficult even on hard and also to repetitive.If they add x10 scenarios, crank up the difficulty (start with money and nothing, buy all you need from ground up please), give a UI in which I can see what car has what equipment during play and overall gives me some challenge and something to achieve I might play again, but as it is it's just........a neat mobile game for 2$, nothing more."
,Recommended,503560,31813252,Posted: 17 May,all,SaltyLLama,There ways a father who's daghuter died of a drug overdose and I told him to check her plus and he said she has non my heart stoped... Any way when it says 9-11 operater it means 9-11 operater
,Recommended,503560,30841390,Posted: 30 March,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review911 Operator is a game developed by Jutsu Games and published by PlayWay S.A., you play as a 911 operator taking care of people and serving and protecting the citizens with police, firefighters and ambulancesThis is a very fun game if like the management and control genre. The UI is smooth, nice to look at, fairly intuitive but the tutorial will ensure you'll have it under your thumbs in no time. 911 Operator is actually quite informative. The developers did their research properly (far beyond Wkipedia)But, that aside, the game plays in operator sessions, like in real life, that is in 12 hour shifts, here its roughly 30 minutes in-game depending on how fast you play. You can pause, play in slow, fast or very fast speeds which have all been well implementedYou get random events. The major three domains are; firefighters, police and medical ambulances and you need to assess the situation to know what you'll send and in what waySo use your brain, stay sharp, and keep things from going haywire. 911 Operator is a good and informative gameRECOMMENDED :)"
,Not Recommended,503560,33019372,Posted: 29 June,all,AlanThePoor,"Terrible point-and-click controls. The delay between an action and the response of the game is slow, not to mention that if you miss by one pixel the center of the button or place you order a unit to go it will just lose time going around and around."
,Not Recommended,503560,30338139,Posted: 5 March,all,AnGG,Gameplay becomes incredibly boring and annoying after a single hour of playing
,Recommended,503560,32820612,Posted: 26 June,all,Sir Joseph,Police responded to gang fight. Got seriously injured. Sent ambulance to help police. They too got seriously injured. Answered multiple calls from the public needing urgent help. Couldn't help because police and ambulance crew bleeding out.10/10 would feel helpless again.
,Not Recommended,503560,32959942,Posted: 28 June,all,MattTheGamer,"This is a very good game, however it becomes repetitive. It's always the same person, same call, or sometimes the same person, but different call, or both. It annoys me.I got a refund."
,Not Recommended,503560,30144397,Posted: 24 February,all,SephiTrax,"While I like the basic idea of the game, it gets awefully boring after only half an hour of play. The voice-overs repear themselves at least 4 times each day, the cases are barely varied and the customization of your team is a bit weird.I see there was an effort making this game, but it could be so much more.It's not a bad game, don't get me wrong, but it's not fun for me and the 11 euro mark is exagerated. I played deeper games that costed 0.99 from indie studios."
76561198310479111,Recommended,503560,30656659,Posted: 21 March,all,saeedxb,best ever
76561197974171618,Not Recommended,503560,30145688,Posted: 24 February,all,tyrrell82,Horribly repetitive. I played this for 10 minutes and think i'll uninstall it.
,Recommended,503560,32882981,Posted: 27 June,all,GnomeMG | ❄ LF TEXTURE ARTIST ❄,9/11
76561198100771358,Recommended,503560,32896592,Posted: 27 June,all,KANEDEADMEN,its freakin awesome
,Recommended,503560,33771425,Posted: 24 July,all,Chance ◇,I like it.
,Recommended,503560,30229210,Posted: 27 February,all,BaileyLlama,"I find the game very emersive and almost addictive. People are saying the calls are repetitive and yes, some may be for now but the situations are different. For example you might have no cars or there might be a different higher priority incident somewhere else. I highly reccomend, especially for the low price tag it is. No matter how many repeated calls there are no situation will be the same, dependant on the amount of cars, level of officers etc. It's quite in depth but not confusing, easy to take the grasp of. If you're looking at the reviews not sure, I assure you buying this game will not let you down."
76561198008085753,Not Recommended,503560,32183432,Posted: 4 June,all,thersen,niece but got bored quite fast
76561197979424134,Not Recommended,503560,31614452,Posted: 7 May,all,sob7,games crashes all the time hn you open lots oh help on the internet but nothing works. request steam a refund and was a no go i guess tying to make it work for a few days not shows i have been playing 18 hours. this game has mixed reviews on working or not. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!
,Recommended,503560,30233841,Posted: 27 February,all,Barney317,Very fun
,Recommended,503560,30532523,Posted: 15 March,all,A Rather Slender Man™,Fun. I just wish there was more to doit's always a heart attack or a fightbut it's worth the money for sure7/10
,Recommended,503560,31535992,Posted: 3 May,all,TheSwervy_Swan,"This game is actually really fun! I find it interesting to find out the best way to ""help"" the citizen's in whatever city you do! I highly recommend this game to anyone that likes a strategy base or organization of units. This game has been fun, and can't wait to continue on!"
,Recommended,503560,31539595,Posted: 4 May,all,General Henri Guisan,"That game is great as hell. The calls are great, it gives you first aid instructions, it isn' t that easy, but not to hard... it is great. Devs are great... How ever, the police sucks, so do the fireman"
,Recommended,503560,30257536,Posted: 1 March,all,R0K4S,Very nicely designed game :)
76561198007315602,Recommended,503560,30232592,Posted: 27 February,all,Neme5is,A woman called 911 and pretended to order pizza in order to ask for help.  Have removed phones from my Wife to avoid similiar fate.10/10.
76561198081499092,Recommended,503560,30163979,Posted: 25 February,all,multibello,Entertaining enough. Hoping there will be mods and other stuff in workshop.
,Recommended,503560,30177860,Posted: 25 February,all,CUDGEdaveUK,"What a great little game! makes you feel like a dispatcher.It has a easy interface,excellent voice acting and most of all FUN.And fk those ordering  pepperoni pizza this is emergency you muppets.I also like how you can downlod(In-game) maps,for example your hometown.10/10,would send fire service to rescue a cat up a tree."
,Recommended,503560,30500443,Posted: 13 March,all,JasperNeils,"While I am having some significant technical issues with this game, I would not hesitate to recommend it. The technical issues are likely related to my computer, as others are not reporting themPros:- Not overly-dramatized.- Able to play in almost any major city you could think of.- Good gameplay mechanics.- Adequate tutorial.- Educates users on proper use of 911 and proper emergency procedures.- A great example of education in gaming done correctly.Cons:- Calls can be repetitive after a while.- Possible technical issues.- Subpar graphics (mostly irrelevant due to genre)Overall, I do recommend this title if the genre or subject matter is interesting to you."
76561198115302552,Recommended,503560,30493270,Posted: 13 March,all,LightSaber,"If I dont get the exact same call 3 days in a row, this game would be perfect."
,Recommended,503560,30518944,Posted: 14 March,all,arindampanja64,"Though the game is unique but still it call are same specially if you like to play the cities that are included for career mode.If you choose free play the sometimes you get some different unique calls. In around 2weeks i have unlocked all achievements , so more variety is needed in the game."
76561197999069631,Recommended,503560,30176297,Posted: 25 February,all,FuehrerinFerkel,"Fun and well made game. Only downside is, that the DLC is somewhat required and should have been included in the main game.But still recommended."
,Recommended,503560,31238849,Posted: 19 April,all,@theegamerdotcom,"Still unsure on the game. Only played a couple of hours so far. However, there are some things that need improving.For example, i did all the training levels and some of the campaign. And, i found you move onto the next city, once you have completed one shift in one city. WHY??? Your unable to buy anymore vehicles, equipment or staff to increase the numbers, because the money does not carry over from last shift, when you move cities. And there is never enough crews to cover all the calls you get, and some units get hanging around waiting for transport, which does not always gets noticed or highlighted for you to see.That is just a few, and there is always loads of Police and Medical emergencies, but only one or two Fire emergencies per shift. I am no expert, but surely there are more than one fire per shift, in a city of over 500,000. Or am i wrong?Has potential, that is the only reason why i recommend the game."
76561198145713239,Recommended,503560,31124476,Posted: 13 April,all,Captain Goose,Really fun game could do with more events but apart from that try it
76561197986704492,Recommended,503560,31152729,Posted: 15 April,all,SiX,"Good game, graphics are nice and polished. Really nice extra that you can download your hometown as map. Needs some tuning on the amount of reports, sometimes you simply lack the resources to handle every report. As a result you get financial punishments at the end of the round which prevents you from investing in resources. This creates a downward spiral from which you can't escape."
76561197960803164,Recommended,503560,31158410,Posted: 15 April,all,MaddogMatty,good time filler  repeats alot and becomes a chore
,Recommended,503560,31213073,Posted: 17 April,all,BuriedGoblin19,"Overview:Overall it is an interesting and engaging game.Yes, I would still recommend this game to play, as I still am finding it very enjoyable.Pros:- It is fun to play in your local neighbourhood and on the streets you know.- Very engaging and enjoyable.- Very strategic; managing funds, reputations and deployed resources.Cons:- It would be good if it actually used your local emergency number in dialogue. As in Australia we use Triple Zero (000) as opposed to 911, so it subtracts from the realism.- After a short while it gets very repetitive with the same calls and dialogue time and time again.- Recognises most locations around me but doesn't recognise the locations with a "" ' "" in the name.- Some calls glitch (mostly traffic offences). I don't know if this is by design and I'm not doing it correctly but every now and then I'll get a call for something such as a Red Light Offence and straight after I receive the call it glitches out and then the post op debreif says that I 'Lost' them and takes reputation off me."
,Recommended,503560,31426025,Posted: 28 April,all,The Fabulous DiesL,This is a great game but ♥♥♥♥ the developers and ♥♥♥♥ Steam.Bought it for 15$ only to find out there's a discount the following week and it's 9$ now. ♥♥♥♥ you.
,Recommended,503560,31142297,Posted: 14 April,all,judge jeanine pirro,"This game is capable of a lot, never have I seen a high-profiled game that just speciailizes in the 911 career fieldCan improve in many ways and get bug patches, but let it be known that this game is only at its newest form."
,Recommended,503560,31269521,Posted: 20 April,all,alekossd,Fun and interesting. I hope the mods will add more situations in the near future.
,Recommended,503560,31287856,Posted: 21 April,all,b17Nate,"This is definetly a fun game for peoplr who are fans of simulators. I'm pretty sure that if you are reading this comment that you know the basics of the game, so I won't bore you by explaining it and I won't bore myself by writting it. All and all, it is an awesome game. I love playing in my home town's map. While I wouldn't say you can play in every single city in the world, I would say that probably every city with more than a several thousand population. Other than that, this game is awesome and you will like it if you are into simulators."
,Recommended,503560,31427449,Posted: 28 April,all,CherryTango,Exceptional Experience
,Recommended,503560,31180345,Posted: 16 April,all,-QOP- Dorian,"This game is pretty cool.Pros:You have to make decisions of what to say and what to send to the sceneSome calls are based off real callsPlay on your cityShots fired assistance callsYou get to be a 911 operatorCons:They could add more calls, some of the calls get repetitive."
,Not Recommended,503560,31673120,Posted: 10 May,all,Quangasaurusrex,"While I received this on sale, along with the DLC (which should be part of the game already...) I have to say its good for a few hours, it gets really repetitive and you get the same calls over and over again, most of the cases are not even ""calls"", it just says incident reported and you click and drag your guy there.It has nothing what it is like in real life, theres no realistic graphics and its a point and click game, where after you point and click its just a game of waiting, you have no minigames to put out the fire or heal the person or etc or driving back to the hospital. nope. its just click click wait. No sirens, no graphics, no realistic driving or not even a realistic call. I have played for  two hours and have gotten the same call with no response literally 12 times. You can get negative money for some reason. For some reason the OPERATOR gets charged money for dispatching units. This game has endless potential, it really does. but at its current price, I can't really recommend it. Especiall for 15 dollars plus its DLC. Hell I paid 12 dollars with the DLC and its nothing different. Same cars with different stats for the DLC for an extra four to five dollars? I want to see this game with better graphics or like minigames to save the people if theres a fire, chasing down criminals, or saving the people at the hospital or at least something. Multiplayer with different assigned roles with driving or something? (No im not talking about GTA V or something, just like your sirens on you have to drive all the way where that car is with your said car, cars pull over most of the time to let you through or etc, you get the picture). Again Endless potential, but its current state is not worth it."
76561198091232403,Recommended,503560,33151680,Posted: 2 July,all,Sassy,Very nice
,Recommended,503560,33126810,Posted: 2 July,all,Falcon2k,Çok güzel eğlenceli tasarlanmış bir oyun
,Recommended,503560,34014378,Posted: 4 August,all,JayLee3845,Fantastic game full of excitment that will keep you on the edge of your seat.Highly recommend to anyone.
,Recommended,503560,30346822,Posted: 5 March,all,Redarchs,In the First 36 hours of owning the game i ranked in Around 16 Hours. I Rather Enjoy it. The Fact that you can Download your Hometowns Map into the Game and use it is Simply Fantastic. Playing Non Career can get a bit repetive. But playing Career on san francisco when an Earth Quick Hits. The Game gets intense and FAST. Over all for me This Game is ADDICTING AS ALL HELL. and there is still Much more to come. i give the game an 7.5/10 only in the fact that i cant wait for more Updates and DLC to be released
76561197992148093,Recommended,503560,30186096,Posted: 25 February,all,Haszmeister,"Great game! There was some problems on Linux first but developers fix it right away even that it was saturday! Highly recomend gameplay is amazing, some stories behind situations in game... damn... 10/10"
76561197991930868,Recommended,503560,30188889,Posted: 25 February,all,DeNordain,"Nice micro manager game, 7/10"
76561198063391701,Recommended,503560,30186433,Posted: 25 February,all,asnowman,"Great time/unit management game, really enjoying the game so far"
76561198114280213,Recommended,503560,30160068,Posted: 24 February,all,Phantom,"This game is very simple, yet very addicting.i personally love games about emergency services, and this one is extremely easy to get the hang of.Yes it does require alot of multi-tasking, but before you know it ou wont miss a single call!I have experienced very few glitches over a period of 9 hours, and basically anything thats happened has fixed its self in a few minutes.At times while i was playing New york, at the end of the shift the game did seem like it was wanting to crash, so that is my only worry so far.Have fun!"
76561198195643083,Recommended,503560,31405180,Posted: 27 April,all,RoderickRII,"Is Really A good game so far because i think the calls are recorded audio,why i know how because the child saying he needs help with math. But the only thing i don't like is no save games or files."
76561197974793790,Not Recommended,503560,34500185,Posted: 26 August,all,YotsuMD,"Fun for a few hours. Gets challenging fast, as you have limited units to respond in increasing numbers of incidents, with different degrees of severity, but it gets repetitive. Responding to calls is where the fun is, but the rest of the game feels pretty shallow."
,Recommended,503560,30206250,Posted: 26 February,all,Phantom Lord,"This is a REALLY nice game. It's different to anything i've ever played before. Your role is that of 911 operator. Simple as that. Ingame you have the map of the city in front of you, and according on incidents that pop up on yourscreen, you dispatch the emergency units. This, while receiving 911 calls and providing first aid instruction over the phone, or helping ladies to put out the fire in their kitchen, or even try to talk out a bomber to blow out the city! Nice! Dind I mention you can also download your hometown to play on? And I do mean ANY town, large or small!On other notes, I do think that the game needs a little more work. It crashed three times on my computer, and the menus seem sometimes user unfriendly. But all is forgiven; The game is 2 days old -26Feb2017- and the devs are probably working in some fixes. They also seem interested in the community about suggestions on the game, which is nice.I purchased the game with 20% discount. Price IMO is fair including the discount. TBO original price should be 9,99e, not 14,99. I also purchased the DLC at 3,99e, which thought it wasn't really worth it."
,Recommended,503560,34881156,Posted: 11 September,all,rafdan15,"You are a 911 call operator; you take emergency calls from citizens, guide them through their situation and dispatch emergency personnel via a map style management screen. There is a grading system at the end of each level that is dependent on how well you manage the calls and how quickly and efficiently you co-ordinate rescue efforts.The main experience of the game can be summed up as “point and click”, with the occasional decision making style phone conversations that can be rather tricky. The development team really did their research into the kind of calls 911 receives from the ridiculously bizarre to the crafty and clever calls for help. Unfortunately there is either a broken call generation system within the game or just too few calls made because I had multiple repeats even in the first two levels and beyond.In addition there is personnel management where you can hire new/more crews, vehicles and assign different first responders to different vehicles and crews. Choosing different crew members will give you faster response times and faster resolve times as well.I found the vehicle placement and phone conversations a little difficult to navigate at times. There is no halt in game play between answering the calls and dispatching vehicles. It is all click based which lead me to conclude that this game would actually have been better on a mobile platform rather than a Steam arcade game. Having a touchscreen wouldn’t make the navigation as frustrating and could open the possibility of a more challenging and rewarding experience.(My personal Opinion)This review seems a little short but that’s really only because there isn’t much to say. Simple and fun. A wonderfully executed arcade game, slow yet quick paced; keeps you on your toes at times, but an enjoyable point and click game."
76561198176957789,Recommended,503560,30265562,Posted: 1 March,all,a.errington,"Good game, good concept. Gets a bit repetative after a while when you start to recieve the same callouts."
,Recommended,503560,30231148,Posted: 27 February,all,Juice in the Oven,"Pros:Great concept, well designed, neat idea with the voicecalls and gives me some Emergency/911 First Responders vibes.Cons:Biggest concern was that I got quite disappointed when the events and calls started to repeat within the first hour of gameplay, eventually turned out to be pretty repetitive. Also some minor bugs but they were rare and not really that annoying.Why am I giving a thumbs up?I love the idea of this game and I can see that the developers put their hearts into it.It was most certainly, even though it's neat as hell, the wrong decision to include voicecalls because this eats up a lot of developement-time and energy, which leads to less variety of the calls and could've been spent instead on more and only text-based 'calls'.I hope and believe that the developers read all the constructive reviews and either improve the current game or use the feedback they received to create a better successor.I also understand that developing such a game isn't easy and as long the dev team learns from their feedback then my money's well spent. They're definitely on the right path with these types of games it just needs fine tuning and more content-based decisions."
76561198220347607,Recommended,503560,32040532,Posted: 29 May,all,SupremeDerker_Shark,sweeeeeeeet game
,Recommended,503560,32036322,Posted: 28 May,all,cheekymonkey5242,This is an awesome game!
76561198162823263,Recommended,503560,32051330,Posted: 29 May,all,Acidkandy1222,i love this game !!! Cant wait more more content.
,Recommended,503560,34950680,Posted: 14 September,all,☭C O M R A D E B O R K☭,"Great game, I can dispatch in my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ town."
76561198038302560,Recommended,503560,31580904,Posted: 6 May,all,ShufflingMonkey,this game is great!just get it! you wont be disappointed if you liked the pictures and video!
,Recommended,503560,33588396,Posted: 16 July,all,Igneus Tempus,"its basicly as the title says and you can even download your own city map if you want to very cool. here you manages to send cars to fight fire, injured or criminals. My scoreGameplay 7/10Graphics 6/10Sounds 8/10Summary 21/30"
76561198093755637,Not Recommended,503560,30749406,Posted: 26 March,all,SSJ2 Gundalf,"This game has a huge bug right at the beggining of the Career mode - the very first 911 call bugs out and the game becomes uplayable at that point - had to be killed and restarted.But this bug is occuring in every single gameplay, rendering the game Career mode totally unplayable in my book. Thus I had to request a refund and I have to give it a thumb down :-(Otherwise I really like the concept and gameplay."
,Recommended,503560,30232993,Posted: 27 February,all,Mrcheekymonkey1996,"This game is insanely addictive and a lot of potential to be better, more is being added to this game / simulator. I am hoping to be able to add 'ctv' cameras or speed cameras, to help catch criminals and help me to fine them, build your own map and add stations in freeplay. I will be looking forward to Co-Op mode. Also the maps are very accurate and steetnames. I was actually quite surprised that my area was on 'Ashton In Makerfield' My street is there and its just wow haha, also the stations that are in that area is limited but it is a challenge. for those who are interested, take your chance, it is worth the price. I saw this on simulations and I instantly without hesitation bought this and downloaded.GraphicsCard is AMD Radeon 5060m or something like that and Intel HD 4000 - Still works perfectly for me with no issues except for a few bugs that dont always occurMore calls and crimes are coming. I think. I will eagerly await.So pros:-* Accurate maps and quick to download* Freemode is available* Small amount of bugs*Excellent UserInterface- Layout.*Funny comments/acting during the 911/999 Incoming callsANDCons:-*It can get too repetitve on some maps. (More calls/issues are coming in game soo hope that will fix it)* 2 known bugs - Even when an incoming call has ended , it is still stuck in Dialog and the speed stays on 'play' mode rather than the faster option(s)  usually resolves itself when completed but painfully slow sometimes when that occurs  and 2nd bug is that the callers words are as options to respond to the caller, so the dialog is mixed up and when I select a sentence/word it goes red like I am a caller, so it is confusing of course and does not make sense. Those are the only issues I have had*Map duty view is a bit too small for my liking on some maps/most.UPDATE:-This game makes me appreciate Emergency Dispatchers  whether it would be 911/999 operators, I am more grateful, Thank you, people like them actually saved my life in 2013"
,Recommended,503560,31546179,Posted: 4 May,all,FuturamaKing,"Surprisingly fun game :)Gets old a bit fastIf on sale, give it a try"
76561197993417141,Recommended,503560,32611750,Posted: 21 June,all,Rudd_Nurseman,"It's rare to see a truely innovative game, but here one is!Excellent game! Very enjoyable and challenging.I hope the developer brings a sequel with even more detail, I'd buy it in a heartbeat!"
,Recommended,503560,33453936,Posted: 11 July,all,Hedam,I'm having a blast.
76561198351454770,Recommended,503560,30281167,Posted: 2 March,all,dope,It is a great game...if u can accepted part of the game was detached to made a DLC and  resell.
,Recommended,503560,30152009,Posted: 24 February,all,MrSwatPL,"That's the best 911 Simulator to be honest... except of 911:FR :PThat game is very good... everything is intersesting... but the dialogs are getting boring.. All the, time the same dialogs.. yeah.. about 50.. but the same... but that's not the major problem :)I hope there will be more DLC or updates.. because that game is very good :DYou should do a Polish audio :DThat would be the best :DGood Luck :D"
,Recommended,503560,34985317,Posted: 15 September,all,Xizad,kappa 123456780p
,Not Recommended,503560,34448713,Posted: 23 August,all,hot potato,"ok so yeah... its a really fun game. but after 5 hours you have nothin to do...... i dont think its worh the money... especially when the game developers dont update the game with some new things every now and then.so yeah if you have a lot of money and you dont know what to do with it, buy it, if you broke like me just avoid it and try to find a pirate version of this game."
76561198007324689,Recommended,503560,30270111,Posted: 1 March,all,Chorak,Being in this profession I really enjoy it and am glad someone finally made a law enforcement/civil service game. Needs a bit of tweaking but all in all it is something different from the regular genre and is challenging.
76561198031805461,Recommended,503560,33659916,Posted: 19 July,all,Den,Overall great game if you want to know what it's like to play a 911 police officer; but gets sadly boringly repetitive after several playthroughs.
76561198032777622,Recommended,503560,34085909,Posted: 7 August,all,Conquistadork,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dILVRVB9iTU
,Recommended,503560,30375146,Posted: 7 March,all,[SFW]Vesdio,"If you like strategy/management games, this might be a game that keeps you occupied for awhile.Pros1 - Rather realistic feel to the game, you feel like youre actually in the seat of the operator2 - Allows deeper management of your emergency services(Staff have a level of skill in driving and a level in the skill trait associated with their job; Equipment can be bought to administer aid quicker)3 - UI to me is clean and rather polished, always a +1 when you dont have to furiously mash your mouse to click a button4 - You can play in your own city(Although it should be mentioned that the city I live in [Singapore] is not well represented in the game)Cons1 - Repetition of emergency calls. After awhile the dialouges start to repeat itself (I assume in the future they'll add more)2 - While it does feel like youre in the operator seat, the number of choices to respond to the call with are sometimes limited (2 choices to be exact)3 - Can get repetitive for some audiences out thereTL,DR:Promising game with a rather decent foundation. If the developers keep to their promise of more content, this could become a very enjoyable game. This game may be enjoyable or repetitive for you, depends on personal preference.However if they overdo it and add too much micro-management, over time this game might not be as suitable for those who want a management game which is not too strategic or too shallow**Note: I did buy the DLC from the start and hence might not have noticed the difference in gameplay that some people mention in other reviews. If you do plan to buy the game without the DLC and realise this review does not reflect the game you just bought, it could've been due to the DLC.Word to developers: If you do read this, maybe add a element of surprise in a sense, make the calls more random but not illogical. I think it would improve the authenticity of the game."
,Recommended,503560,30442486,Posted: 11 March,all,Marty McFlash,"Hey that's pretty good.When I first saw it in the Steam store, I assumed it was going to be just another crappy ""WHATEVER Simulator 20XX"".  I was wrong.I'm enjoying it.   The voiced 911 calls do get old and repetitive really quickly though. Whenever I answer a call and hear ""My stomache hurts really bad."" I want to punch the guy and make it hurt even worse.  At least there are variations on some of the calls, but some you can just hit ""ignore' on straight away. You'll learn which ones after a few shifts.Being able to play as a 911 operator in your own city is a really cool feature.  Even if your country doesn't actually use ""911"".It won't be for everyone, buy if you like management games and simulators, this is definitely worth playing.  Wish we would get more quality games like this."
,Not Recommended,503560,33723230,Posted: 22 July,all,Shminker,game does not have interesting content :/
,Not Recommended,503560,35363485,Posted: 30 September,all,NoFreeGaming,very boring
76561198331711126,Not Recommended,503560,32162398,Posted: 3 June,all,jambokid12,Great game for like the first 2 hours (long enough to stop refund!!!) and then becomes extemly sameish the calls our the same the outcomes are the same all you do is point and click
76561198121066809,Not Recommended,503560,31441368,Posted: 29 April,all,horsebrackets,"Game comes with a bare minimum of content. Youll only get about 4 or 5 different calls, the core game is very repetitive. The makers appear to want to nickel-&-dime you for DLC packs that add some variety. Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,503560,30231467,Posted: 27 February,all,Troy Taby,"Cool game, but day one dlc. I hate day one dlc!"
,Recommended,503560,30918257,Posted: 3 April,all,Funky Munky,"Great game.The focus is on managing emergancy service calls and dispatching the appropriate services to deal with the situation. The calls are scripted but have good voice acting and are constructed in a way that they feel realistic. There are also the occassional prank calls or pocket dials to keep you entertained.The game can also be played in ANY REAL CITY IN THE WORLD! The game connects to the internet and downloads the streets, their names and the locations of the emergency services in the city!It can get a little repetetive but it feels rewarding when you did a good job and saved people in need.The developers have also released FREE content to download after purchase. Very much appreciated"
,Not Recommended,503560,30249076,Posted: 28 February,all,Bigmonsterdog,Gets boring after 30 minutes
,Not Recommended,503560,30204167,Posted: 26 February,all,MotherAce[NO],Love the game. Absolutely nothing wrong with it. Not gonna go into details as I haven't played it enough yet.But...Required day 1 DLC. A massive big F*** Y*** to the publishers. Please pirate this game.
,Recommended,503560,32725223,Posted: 24 June,all,Gameplayer62,Best simulator ive ever seen:Earthquake occurs1 incident1 callcall: man walking down street accidently calling 911incident: cat in a treeGG
,Recommended,503560,30165923,Posted: 25 February,all,TheLucas27,♥♥♥♥ing hell. A-levels are easier then this
,Recommended,503560,30225378,Posted: 27 February,all,TheGrimElite,"the game didn't fit me, but thanks for the refund"
76561198374968613,Recommended,503560,33763384,Posted: 24 July,all,Ganevo_,Great Game. Be carefull you may addicted to this game like me!
76561198175370199,Not Recommended,503560,30145260,Posted: 24 February,all,jfoley677,"When I deploy people to emergencies, they get there and don't resolve them..."
,Recommended,503560,30467658,Posted: 12 March,all,renzor87,Fair
,Recommended,503560,31050303,Posted: 9 April,all,undead_Equinox,"my girlfriend said she liked the look of this game so I brought it for her and also got myself a copy too.As you can see i brought it today and have 9 hours on it already!thats not bad for one day.the game can be very fast but it also has its moments where it slows down and trust me you'll literally be like ""thank god"" in the 5 seconds you get to chill.The game presents you with challenges like can you give the person on the phone adivce yourself? do you need to send one of the 3 emergency services?some things are a little samey but sometimes they'll throw in a twist and when you think yea i had this one 5 times already you actually go ""oh damn"" then you start concentrating a bit.we both got the free dlc and the other dlc (adds new stuff in such as, vehicles, weapons and a few other bits)yea id say its worth it, it isn't a lot and just adds that bit extra to the game.I have really big high hopes for this and cant wait for further updates.if you're not sure about this game and you've come on here to see what others make of it im sure you'll make your mind up pretty quickly."
,Recommended,503560,32792011,Posted: 25 June,all,MrTheElk,"A lot more fun then I thought it was going to be. Besides some grammar/spelling issues, its so much fun to play in your hometown, and manage everything."
,Not Recommended,503560,31644546,Posted: 9 May,all,AlphaCore,"Repetitive AF. Gameplay over realism, ever. You're trying to make a game here.I don't mind playing repetitive games, but the gameplay of this game itself is repetitive and VERY short.I enjoyed this game very much, in the first few hours. I don't feel challanged by the game. Same event with the same exact situation keeps happening.Tried Career mode thing, same feeling also happening over there. Wut?Shame it's too late for me to refund it.Trailer was promising, and that was it. Your interest stops there.It's not worth the money. Heck, even if you plan to buy this at discount, better get something else.I wish I could wait and let this game get better, but no, it's not promising to me at all."
,Recommended,503560,30151965,Posted: 24 February,all,친한Friendly,Addicting AF! The voice lines sounds very nice and the gameplay was easy to grasp in the beginning! It's also cool how you can really play from any city in the world that is available and it will actually give you the map for it to play on! Worth it! Honestly.
76561198033885684,Not Recommended,503560,31719504,Posted: 13 May,all,BXX. BackPain,Kind of repetitive after 5-6 hours and I don't see how the equipments work..
76561198350489082,Recommended,503560,32570392,Posted: 19 June,all,theys_keeuu,"It's a nice game, but after a few hours you'll get bored. It should be cheaper for what it is."
76561198001325367,Not Recommended,503560,34001789,Posted: 3 August,all,lahoward,"Game is okay interesting for a bit, doubt Ill ever get to the 10 hr played mark before uninstall. The problem I do have is with publisher PlayWay, they basically ruined the CMS franchise. Having your name attached to this I cant recommend"
,Not Recommended,503560,30561884,Posted: 16 March,all,Pandemon1c,"I got a few hours enjoyment for my $15 but I couldn't really recommend it. The idea is really neat, but it boils down to a pretty barebones management game after the first hour because all the calls and voiceovers start to repeat themselves."
,Recommended,503560,30178199,Posted: 25 February,all,ABCp0i,6/10
76561198315117448,Recommended,503560,30495036,Posted: 13 March,all,Leapinglizard101,amazing game...but its a bit unrealistic
,Recommended,503560,30250482,Posted: 28 February,all,Jamiek540,In simple terms I love this game if you do buy it as I suggest you do I would also suggest buying the DLC
76561198215515325,Recommended,503560,31181234,Posted: 16 April,all,CliffMaster,This game is good but as it has a free game isnt that free mode which means its just to mess around? OR if its not i think you should add a free mode and you have unlimeted money and can do anything.Kind RegardsCliffMaster
,Recommended,503560,30269011,Posted: 1 March,all,Angry__Bull,Fun
,Not Recommended,503560,30294475,Posted: 3 March,all,Mercy,"The fundamental game is very polished and quite intriguing, even though simplistic.The ability to play in your hometown is an awesome feature.The phonecalls are also a very neat feature and voiceacting is a plus.The only problem is: There's not much of a game here.The incidents start repeating themselves very very soon (20-40 minutes).The items that are available are very disappointing.Each of your staff have two slots for equipment, but there's only one item for your medical staff.The game becomes boring quite rapidly.While F2P flashgames aren't this polished, they, on average, provide far more content than this game.This game wants to be worth 15€ and wants to charge 4€ for a forgettable amount of additional content.The pricetag is far too steep and the game simply can't live up to it."
,Recommended,503560,30256152,Posted: 1 March,all,BryanChung 😃,"If you enjoy the thrill of being an Emergency Operator and help others over the phone and make the critical decisions of life and death or to send fire, police, ambulance to scene, then try out this game! The ratings have been very positive! :)"
,Recommended,503560,30168735,Posted: 25 February,all,Behamin,"_PROSThe graphic is greatTense game, because you have limited resources , and there is coming lot of calls.Realistic callsSimple gameEnjoyable gamePlay on any city in the world. (Mostly big cities, not small towns.)_CONSThe map is boring to look at.Many repeatable calls.-----------------------After haved play it for about 6 hours, i will say it's fun. I'm looking forward to see what the game will get.I will say it's worth to buy.-----8/10 rating-----"
,Recommended,503560,30214537,Posted: 26 February,all,H2 Hellonwheels999,"""911 whats your emerency?""""Hey can i get a large pepperoni pizza?""10/10 Great game"
,Recommended,503560,30170576,Posted: 25 February,all,Tylerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr,"Not many hours in this game, however I'd say with a few more updates including more voice actors and situations this game would be one of a kind. Would definantly reccomend you get this if you have hope within the near future updates."
,Not Recommended,503560,35035470,Posted: 17 September,all,infebious,the radio in the background repeats the same gibberish over and over and over
,Recommended,503560,30159239,Posted: 24 February,all,TaitnZ,"It's a Fantastic Game Definetly Worth the Price It's Asking But If The Develpers Could Add an Options Menu For Sound, Controls ect."
,Not Recommended,503560,31475496,Posted: 30 April,all,b1wizz,"Good game, other than it has such a small amount of content... it could be scaled down and made into a mobile game I would pay £1.99 for not over £10."
,Not Recommended,503560,30632248,Posted: 20 March,all,AIMBOTSILNET,Same cases over and over again
,Recommended,503560,31383580,Posted: 26 April,all,Bacon Lover,"I love the game, it keeps you on your toes and you always have to make the right decisions. You have to learn priorities and what to choose. You can't ask 'whats your emergency' and 'where are you at', most of the time, you have to learn additional information such as if someone is injured or how big the fire is.Its a good game but just needs more content such asmore phone callsmore equipmentsenarios that are hard to handleBalance the how much money something is (You can afford to have all your cops armed with an assult rifle and body armor and also have all paramedics have first aid kits but you can't get a bike with that money)more intense phone callsOf course the development team can't do all of those and they (and you) may disagree with some. Main thing is that is shows how the life of a 911 operator with not as many prank/accidental phone calls as a normal 911 operator isI give this a:-9.6/10-Needs more content but I love the game."
,Not Recommended,503560,31559753,Posted: 5 May,all,m0s,"Maybe fun for 5 minutes. Not worth 15$, not even 5$."
76561198004608407,Not Recommended,503560,30658181,Posted: 21 March,all,TwoStepsFromHell,"Bugs, issues with anti virus and other game breaking problems. I can't recommend this game as it is now. Hardly worth the pricetag even if you get it working. It gets repetative very fast and you ""must"" buy the DLC if you actually want to get the best items in game - pay to win."
,Not Recommended,503560,31534847,Posted: 3 May,all,ToxicBullet,It could be an amazing game but instead of updating the game with new content that should have been in it they release a DLC and make you pay for it. The content in the DLC should have been in the base game and should have been put in by an update not this extra pay. The game itself needs ton of work the game gets boring as there isn't new callouts or new units but if you want that to change you have to pay for more content.
76561197970339445,Not Recommended,503560,30562931,Posted: 16 March,all,++,"Quite good voice acting and a good idea, but in terms of everything else it is a repetitive, shallow, at best mobile-like game."
76561198162658377,Not Recommended,503560,31530292,Posted: 3 May,all,NaCl,"currently BROKEN for me on Linux. User Interface does not respond correctly, cannot change language, cannot get out of the options/configuration screen.I asked for help, in the meantime I cannot but recommend at least Linux users to stay away.I will update this should things improve."
,Not Recommended,503560,31440084,Posted: 29 April,all,"""[GITS]Donut☆",Gets repetitive too quickly to justify the price tag.
76561198200165997,Recommended,503560,30238438,Posted: 28 February,all,Ginsy~,"If you want to be a dispatcher when you grow up, here's your training/simulator."
,Not Recommended,503560,32829005,Posted: 26 June,all,Trevor,"In this review,i will only be talking about the features in 911 operator and the updates.Buying things that are requiredSo this may seem like a minor thing im saying but here is my speech. When you have to buy a vehicle that is required but you don't have enough money and you have no team the game is going to refuse to let you start your duty. It is pretty annoying.TeamsSo say if there is 2 fire situations and you only have one firefighter then you couldn't get to the other fire because you have a crap ton of medics and cops. Jutsu games should at least add a option where you can have more teams at least.UpdatesSo here we go on the updates. The Developers of 911 operator does not let you know when there will be a update. Which is a problem. People who make games should always announce a update at least every single 2-3 months. But Jutsu Games They don't do that for some reason.ModesSo far there are only 2 modes in 911 operator,Career And Free Game.Career lets you pick a city. Free Game gives you freedom and pick any city you want. There are not enough modes in the game and there should be at least more for the game to be more enjoyable.ConclusionSo far the game is pretty good. But it is basically empty and it does not have much to offer. Play it all you want but like i said it dosen't have much to offer at all."
76561198226898324,Not Recommended,503560,30489486,Posted: 13 March,all,mhanafi_ismail,bored.. same situation alhtough different location
76561198278868564,Recommended,503560,30163949,Posted: 25 February,all,Visilex Csgo,"Love this game, it is so fun, if I were you, I would get this game!"
,Recommended,503560,32813232,Posted: 26 June,all,Tamama,A good game........
76561198255951705,Recommended,503560,30171057,Posted: 25 February,all,Blast623,Very good game!
,Not Recommended,503560,30232110,Posted: 27 February,all,Pirate of AE,"ecoing the shollow coments, not alot here..."
,Recommended,503560,30266572,Posted: 1 March,all,[TrailerParkBoys] Bubbles,Great game lots of fun
76561198077641540,Not Recommended,503560,34021867,Posted: 4 August,all,r.may96,stupid... dont waste your money
,Recommended,503560,30159545,Posted: 24 February,all,Ret Main coming through,"Awesome Game, I would recommend it to everyone..."
76561198220628112,Not Recommended,503560,30213345,Posted: 26 February,all,Shortstock,I just bought the game and installed it but instead of playing it just opened that first time startup box and then closed it..... then opened it..... then closed it.... over and over and over again.
,Recommended,503560,30355477,Posted: 6 March,all,Ketsa,"Lots of fun so far, played in three of my old cities maps so far and they were pretty spot on."
76561198038716051,Not Recommended,503560,30179498,Posted: 25 February,all,shadownian78,"I got this thinking it would be a decent time sink that was good for some decent cheap fun. I was wrong.The gameplay is boring. The scenarios play out way too often. The things you can buy like extra cars and equipment are bland, it just feels lifeless.I did the tutorial. Went thru hawaii, and went on to the next map in order to give it time to get the full experience. To give it a chance, but it never got any better, never changed, and never kept me interested. It feels like a cell phone app game.I requested a refund after only a few hours trying it. The first time I have ever asked for a refund.If you like basic games that takle little thought just to pass the time, you may be ok with this. As a lifelong gamer of 38 years, I wouldnt give this away."
76561198006545370,Recommended,503560,30166897,Posted: 25 February,all,Shaun,Recommended game.
,Not Recommended,503560,34900807,Posted: 12 September,all,flam,"Same calls every time, not a fun game"
76561198272419312,Not Recommended,503560,33888575,Posted: 29 July,all,DayVE,its a facebook level game. buy if its on sale
76561198007359938,Not Recommended,503560,30180692,Posted: 25 February,all,Irishsaint,This game got boring fast. I'm guessing being a 911 Operator is a boring job.
76561198277444811,Not Recommended,503560,30185448,Posted: 25 February,all,jasjasg1,i cant play it i keeps on crashing
76561198274003770,Not Recommended,503560,32817356,Posted: 26 June,all,king11105,Like every orher player that fires up this game they are excited. Or for at least the first fem minutes for me. This game got really boring after awhile.
76561198334252379,Recommended,503560,32660096,Posted: 22 June,all,Silky Rough,"Silky: Initial terror at getting my choices wrong.Rough: Finding out second time around that it doesn't really matter.- I like the simplicity of this game.- I like the educational aspect it brings, particularly in First Aid. I'm certified but still learned a couple of things (which I validated as correct procedure).- I like how I sometimes needed to make difficult choices under stressful conditions.- I like how some callers left me wondering who needed EMT more.- I don't like the lack of knowledge about my deployed vehicles (Why can't I call my heavy rescue truck ""Heavy Rescue Truck""?).- I don't like the repetition of answering the phone to the same calls after 1 playthrough. Voice acting is pretty cheap guys. Variety for the sake of longevity is a thing.- I particularly don't like having to click every damn item for every damn character in every damn vehicle.6/10 - if it's cheap makes for a fun casual game. No rush to buy, so you can leave the lights and sirens off."
,Not Recommended,503560,33837656,Posted: 27 July,all,bufoda,this game would be alot better if there was actualy a way to save the game
76561198238849936,Not Recommended,503560,30846860,Posted: 30 March,all,1997sr16,"Really, realllllllyyyyyyyyyyy boringggggg!!!!!!!DON'T BUY IT!"
76561198356466292,Not Recommended,503560,30447533,Posted: 11 March,all,stevenbooth710,this game is so stupid it doesn't even work I spent 18.95 dollars because I bought the dlc too but it wont even let meplay
,Not Recommended,503560,31824970,Posted: 18 May,all,Lynical.Dev,"Would be cool if the Australian operater numebr didn't say 911 that makes no sense i think you misintepreted every country for having ""911"" as an emergency number and if yoou fixed the issue where i cant add officers or vehicles to my newly created teams"
,Not Recommended,503560,30352058,Posted: 5 March,all,OM3GA,"AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!Really? A medical vehicle is parked next to an unconcious body in an alleyway and doingnothing?Great game! 10/10!(Not really, don't buy this game. It will do the world a favour.)"
76561198308503269,Not Recommended,503560,30510527,Posted: 14 March,all,Mlg_Steve,not fun
76561198000637616,Not Recommended,503560,30187548,Posted: 25 February,all,SirGak,The game itself is fun but it contains coarse language and s*x crimes. There are no ratings or warnings on the store page. Would not have purchased if I had known it contained this content.
,Not Recommended,503560,32801492,Posted: 25 June,all,baiianbiscuit,its ok not great just ok it was fun the first time you play it but I dont see myself spending time playing this alot so I do not recommend it.
,Recommended,503560,32743303,Posted: 24 June,all,Bawow,great game
76561198295515182,Not Recommended,503560,34621430,Posted: 30 August,all,sandwichlemon,"the gampelay isnt clear and user interface not really good. im abit confused to play it or i didnt play close enough attetion. Buy only when there is extreme discount, i bought it for $8 and its too expensive."
76561198138594478,Not Recommended,503560,32397360,Posted: 13 June,all,shoegemeyer,"WORST GAME EVER-I got it three days ago and the game loaded and installed just fine, but i never got to play it because it never would finish loading the map.DO NOT GET THIS GAME!!!"
,Not Recommended,503560,30276072,Posted: 2 March,all,berdyev,"What the f*ck is this? What are these reviews for or from?I literally just played for past 40 minutes, failing each time and having the same sh*t to go through. It seemed exciting, but in reality - not f*cking really. Repetetive as F. Jesus, I just can't express how repetative it is.F*ck outta with this bullsh*t."
,Not Recommended,503560,32761202,Posted: 25 June,all,simoncos,重复性强，单个事件深度也不够。城市是亮点。(Update) English:Quite repetitive; single events are not deep enough (I expected more outcomes when the event closes). The dynamic city map based on your gaming location is one interesting design.
76561197960431705,Recommended,503560,30414829,Posted: 9 March,all,Nyfeh,"Fairly fun procedural game. Scratched my Papers Please itch. Game could use more depth, but for what it is the campaign is pretty fun. Maybe wait for a sale."
,Recommended,503560,30412299,Posted: 9 March,all,MrAgentA,"I really enjoy playing this game, most negative comments are complaints about repeat calls. Give it some time for future updates. It has great potential and I find it highly addictive."
76561198137712105,Recommended,503560,30408858,Posted: 9 March,all,richard,"Nice tactic game, but feel bored about the conversation, it should have more diferent type of it"
76561198120712472,Recommended,503560,30408170,Posted: 9 March,all,kbantikos,"First of all this game is GREAT i love it and thank you so much for your excellent work.Now i want to write some things down and excuse me for my bad English i am from Greece you see.i work in the emergency call center of fire services in Greece-Athens (the capital city with 5 million population) for over 10 years.in Greece and in other countries ambulance fire brigade and police are not located in the same call center but in different. Due to experience and dialogues with my colleagues i have a good knowledge of what is going on in police and ambulance call centers. Also several times i have myself  manage calls that it was meant to be for other call centers due to the panic of the people who dialed the wrong number. So lets go.1) Usually the calls regarding fire services call center are more in a state of panic due to the immediate danger of the person who is calling so it goes like this HURRYYYYYYY HURRYYYYYYY MY HOUSE IS ON FIRE or COME FAST MY BABY GOT HIS HAND TRAPPED SOMEWHERE WHERE ARE YOUUUUUUUU. From experience we are trying to calm down the person and take more information’s, we RARELY manage to get something else than the address and something more  of what exactly is on fire or what kind of danger they are facing. Usually for the same fire incident we accept dozens even hundreds of calls, that depends on how big is the fire or how populated is the place where the fire begun.2) The call regarding ambulances are in the more severe cases in state of panic but it also they have in the voice a sense of psychological woe, sadness i don’t know how to describe it. They are usually more quiet not so panicked. Imagine yourself giving an incident regarding a human being that is in suffer and giving an incident where a trash bin or a house is on fire would you feel the same way? Especially if open wounds are on the scene or severe injuries the voices are something that you cant cope with easy heart.3) Police is in the vast majority easy calls (as easy can be a call where a life threaten situation is always on your mind) except of those calls that someone is in immediate danger but that is something that is rare. The vast majority of incidents are for parking violations, loud neighbors, suspicious sounds especially at night, thieves seen by someone else, to write down different kind of incidents as an example please come to write down that my sidewalk is dirty in order to suit the municipality or we have an accident come to write a report and staff like that.In police call centers usually people are more angry, in ambulance’s more desperate, in fire services more panicked.General rules that game creators could adapt and goes for all call centers.a) We need more calls NEVER and i mean NEVER a call is similar with another even if two people are involved in the same accident they always talk different and give different information’s.b) Not all people who call EMS services are in some kind of danger. We have tons of prank calls, wrong number calls, calls from people with psychological problems, calls from people who don’t need EMS but they are trying really hard a vehicle to be sent to them these are the most difficult ones as an example the bat incident in the game imagine that instead of telling you that there is a bat in the house to tell you i have a urgent situation you ask her what is urgent mum she responds its an urgent you are obligated to come and this keep going on and on.c) Always where must be in the first questions if everything goes to hell at least you have an address where you can sent someone to see what’s really going on. WHERE always in the first questions.d) More calls for the same incident especially for incidents where a lot of people sees it i.e fire buildings, crash accidents, unconscious people in open spaces.e) If you ever decide to put more extreme calls, i.e. kids calling for in family violence or people who call to report death of other people’s please keep it as minimum as possible. My opinion is that these kinds of incidents could exist in the game but to be extremely rare or to be created as an option for people over +18 or even as an DLC.f) Sometimes in the game people reporting a crime i.e. a robbery where happened yesterday and the operator denies to send a vehicle. MAJOR MISTAKE i believe in all of the civilized nations of the world if a crime is reported even if it happened one year ago the operator is obligated to send a vehicle to check what is going on, my country is no exception of this you can discard other cases but definitely not this.g) if you make more calls in accordance with vehicles running in different kind of incidents you will have accomplished in a big part what is really happening in operational centers so far you have not. i know from heart almost all dialogues and i reply accordingly to each one of them, every time phone rings in the game i am getting bored from the first line of dialogue.h) in my work we never but never give instructions from the phone on how to put out a fire or give first aids we advise the caller to stay calm stay away from the incident do not interfere until EMS arrive. i believe the instructions on the game on how to put out a fire or give CPR is operational mistake only the propper personnel can make the propper actions.Now according the game environmenti) i believe by default all the policemen should be carrying a gun that could save a slot. This way i could have more equipment for my men.ii) A major pain for me is the window showing the dialogues and the personnel on the incident. Every time i click on the hexagon label the window pops up and stays there until i close it manually. it would be much much better if the window showed up when i simply put my cursor over it as the incident tab is doing on the bottom right. By this way i could see in a glance what that incident needs and act corresponded. Now every time i have to close it manually and its a major pain for me. it could stay permanently until i choose to close it with a double click.iii) perhaps the helicopter could have a seat for arrested cause now its only good for giving tickets.iv) i know that this is maybe silly but is there an option to have satellite google maps as a map and not this blue lined map?v) i have no idea what is the equipment of my personnel until it arrives in the incident. is there a chance to put small icons with corresponding numbers i.e. m-16 as an icon and beside it the number 2 above or below the vehicles in the unit tab on the bottom left? so i know what equipment every vehicle has.Guys your game rocks i like it very much you have done a great job with it and i thank you for the hours of joy you are offering me. You are the best!!!"
,Recommended,503560,30391336,Posted: 8 March,all,lighterxx,"There are lots of things I loved in this game. Such as hidden routes, and how you have to think and shape according to that. Definitively a bored time game, 10/10 recommend it!ps; tho really? without dlc I'm not getting any fun vehicles..."
,Not Recommended,503560,30388369,Posted: 8 March,all,Xander,"Kind of fun game, but not worth $15. Maybe get it on sale if its <$5?Refunding this game, huge rip-off - not that it's a HORRIBLE game, just not worth the price at all."
76561198290186717,Recommended,503560,30379540,Posted: 7 March,all,Ergalioth,"The core game experience is like 'This is the police' without the mafia part. This may be a problem for some but not for me. It makes it an enjoyable game where you need to focus on dispatching your units on each incident.PROS :* Fun game play !* Can play any city you want and the addresses are accurate (they're using open street map)* It ACTUALLY runs very well on my Linux workstation* The game session are quite short, making it possible to engage in gaming whenever you feel like without preparing a huge slot of timeCONS :* Some 911 call dialogs are repetitive. Similar stories are told very frequently* Once hired staff, equipement, vehicules can not be fired or selled again. This makes a long inventory for equipement and, perhaps because I haven't checked, it causes your salaries cost to rise too much.* When resolving 911 calls it would be fine to be able to record if the incident requires police, firefighters or ambulance (or a combination of the three). Thus the icon on the map could be colored according to this choice. This would allow to send the appropriate units after the call is ended without having to read the conversation again."
,Recommended,503560,30378789,Posted: 7 March,all,Wolfiant_,I'm not gunna lie this game could easily be on phone it's pretty much mostly clicking and moving around which is easy to transfer to phone other than that this game is amazing
,Recommended,503560,30382028,Posted: 7 March,all,notthew4y,"overall great game but after a few hours, lots of repeats but the new cities bring harder challenges to come, such as in chicago, there wasn an earthquake and it was a massive challange for me to face. 10/10"
76561198170928499,Recommended,503560,30384866,Posted: 7 March,all,policemanz28,"This game is great!!! what a great interface aswell, this game has so much potential!!"
76561197987873796,Recommended,503560,30431997,Posted: 10 March,all,BeeDee,"Great concept! I have a new found respect for 911 operators thats for sure. I'm playing on easy and still it gets a bit rough in certain areas(ever been to Chicago? lol).Pros:Easy to pick upGREAT time killerFamiliar citiesGreat atmosphere with headphonesCons:Game tends to get very repetitive after the first few cities(maybe I haven't seen the great cities yet)Although the sound is cool, it too gets repetitive, kinda like a scanner on a loopHad a crash issue in Washington DC after 4 or 5 missions. Was a lot of work to lose.(may have been my end)Hard to keep cash gains when you have to spend 300k on a chopper(Takes to long, like 4 missions or so, to get that) and when you move to a new city all your earnings go back to default. Needs a sort of experience gain or something to accumulate.Mainly just little hiccups for cons, nothing that should be hard to add or fixThumbs up"
76561198145337071,Recommended,503560,30427318,Posted: 10 March,all,HugoCoin,"Its a good game, but it really needs more variaty.  There are not enough different calls.The game is great for the first few hours, but after that anyoying guy has had his twentifirst stomage ache, it gets boring."
76561198041157599,Recommended,503560,30423746,Posted: 10 March,all,wake501,love the game but thought it might of lasted longer more missions needed but thumbs up
,Recommended,503560,30155131,Posted: 24 February,all,Nic,"Interesting and very nice simulator, plays out pretty well. I wish there were some form of ""leveling"" though, istead of just buying more equipment. I also hope they update this game with more callers etc."
,Recommended,503560,30419095,Posted: 9 March,all,re911,"As a real life 911 call taker and dispatcher, I really enjoyed this game. It reminded me a lot of the CritiCall test most agencies do before you get hired. While not completely realistic, it gives lay people an example of what it is we do.Pros: very simple gameplay that feels like actually dispatching,It has most cities and calls match fairly accurately to real locations. Had a call just down the street to my actual house.Cons: anytime a suspect is armed there is a shootout. Officers are involved in shootouts about five times per shift.Needs more incoming 911 call recordings as even after just a few hours they repeat.Allow multitasking, such as dispatching while still on a 911 call. Currently you must completely finish the call before checking on other calls.Needs option to simplify and do just dispatching or call take or even further break down dispatch by agency. Co-op gameplay would be fun with each person controlling one discipline."
,Recommended,503560,30477626,Posted: 12 March,all,SnugglePilot,"The good: Fun little stress/time management game. Balancing three different resources (fire, ambulance, police) and managing crisis after crisis as they come up on the phone... Was quite good. The two major events during the campaign were quite the surprise and added a lot of flavour; heartily recommend!The bad: The voice actors did a terrible job haha. Some of the phrasing was so off and I couldn't figure out why, until I read the written transcripts.. I think it was a miscommunication between actor and writer, heh. Lots of tiny little interface glitches and the team setup screen isn't really optimized for use. I think they could have spent a lot longer polishing up the interface and this would have been a stellar experience.I ended up beating the campaign in approximately 10 hours. Worth the buy!"
,Recommended,503560,30460038,Posted: 11 March,all,BloodSplatGlitter,"Awesome game!!! You play as a real life 911 operator and help the police, firefighters, and ambluances go to each destination for the calls. Sometimes you get calls that are somewhat odd, but over all awesome game. Totally recommend! Worth every penny, easily hours of fun! Best part that it uses location to see what city you're from and you can play in your own city!"
,Recommended,503560,30259062,Posted: 1 March,all,Ah Salam AleiKum,Need more Events
,Recommended,503560,30561367,Posted: 16 March,all,mos4567,"The game is fun and easy to get into, but hard to master, and is full of surprises.At first it seem simple, like it only has a few hours of gameplay in it. The game is very slow to reveal anything more. The game is far more complex then it initially lets on.I don't want to say too much on this and give anything away so all I will say is: Every little detail matters.  ;)"
76561198000710241,Recommended,503560,30567145,Posted: 17 March,all,Umbersun,"Very interesting concept. Although simple I really liked this game, specially the way the creators managed to let you play on ANY town in the world using its real map, addresses and Police stations, Fire Departments and Hospitals locations. The phone calls are also very well done and realistic.Now the cons. Ididn't play too much yet but two things already caught my attention on a negative way. The first is the fact that when you play a small town the incidents tend to occour on the same area too many times. I understand that smaller towns have less spots to incidents occour but, even though, the extention of the map should be used more realistic and not so limited on a few areas. The other issue is the limited number of phone call recordings. As I said I like them a lot but, in just less then an hour I already asnswered the ""Hidden pizza help call"" three times, the same guy chopped his leg twice and other few cases also repeated. So, a much bigger phone calls database must be recorded and implemented on the game so this can avoid a quick lack of interest on the game because of the fact you are always answering the exact same calls.Diversity must be a key factor on this, somehow limited, game, otherwise it's playability will be short.Keep the excellent work and please keep improving the game so it becomes more and more interesting and fun as time goes by."
76561198304419462,Recommended,503560,30578318,Posted: 17 March,all,nich.new19,"I love the uniqueness of this game, it has some very strong points and very little bugs. I am looking forward to the development of the game, as I find there is just not enough content! The career based story was great, I hope that continues to develop and they bring more of that to the game.I am really rooting for more DLC as well. After awhile, the same calls get boring, and i am okay with repeats but adding more will only widen the variety!Either way, great game! Keep it up."
,Recommended,503560,30524368,Posted: 15 March,all,lesbians kissing nude,"It's fun for a while. I've played about 12 hours now and now I feel it's getting a little repetetive. That's about a euro per hour wich is my minimun price per hour!So the game lacks content, but still worth it."
76561197977444987,Recommended,503560,30526259,Posted: 15 March,all,EAFPeacemaker,"Not a bad game at all.You play an Emergency operator dealing with calls then sending out the appropriate service to deal with it. Truth is it lets you do more than that; you can allocate personell and equipment which actually goes beyond your mandate, but it`s still good.Emergencies vary and many of them are voiced, which is real nice. I hope they add many more voices and emegencies. You also hear yourself too, but it can be switched off which is a big plus if you want to imagine yourself asking the questions.As you might guess, it can get very hectic and busy and your full multi-tasking abilities will be required (whoever said men can`t multitask were way wrong).Your screen is pretty simple, all in a base blueish montone colour like a real computer system, pretty like you`d imagine. You have the city, your service stations and vehicles and simplty set them up before your shift begins and go! Sometimes it`s quiet to start, but it`s not long before you get emergency messages and the phone starts ringing- You even get time wasters- just like in real life! then you must make lots of decisions...Should I send the Police and ambulances to that situation or just the Police? Do I need a van full of cops or just one? Things can also change on the fly.However, the BEST part of the game is that you can download a city from reality and play in that. Now being English I wasn`t sure this would work since the game appears to cater to America (it`s called 911 after all), but I was able to download my English home city and totally play in that! There`s nothing like getting an emergency call and recognising the road of where you live. Almost worth the price just for that!I downloaded several other cities of Britian that I knew and they all worked! So it might work for other countries around the world.Negatives?More audio for phonecalls (as they can begin to get repetitive) and more random criminal situations to deal with- and even more time wasters!Recommended.p.s. The DLC is highly recommended as well."
76561198173174119,Recommended,503560,30529920,Posted: 15 March,all,oliver101,This game is brilliant to play only thing could improve is adding a steamwork shop??!! no problems with the game over all freeroam  is brll can download almost any city and the career is really good diffrent scenarios every time and its good becasue makes you think constant
,Recommended,503560,30528062,Posted: 15 March,all,Mlem,"Yeah, it's fun and enjoyable. i could feel how the opperators feels like, and of course having the same feelings when the prank call is comming by a child. kinda reliefed that it wasn't the accident calls, but still annoying.And it's kinda hard, stressful but fun when the earthquake has hit the city.Kinda dissapointed that the DLC contents was needed to be the update-addons, but whatever. It's fun enough and good thing that it adds the firefighting clothes to protect the firefighters from the injuries they have while taking out the fires.(and they add dogs. DOGZ GUYS. not a cat, A K9 DOGZ (INTERNAL SCREEMS))Oh, and something else I must have to tell - When you buy this game, You will imagine the opperators in Your thoughts; like in the movies, dramas or just in the imaginations.Reality - WELCOME TO GOTHAM CITY."
,Recommended,503560,30297384,Posted: 3 March,all,Pikul,Very good game but please add cloud saving
,Recommended,503560,30399290,Posted: 8 March,all,Onix,"Very fun, easy, time consuming (in a good way) game! It is pretty solid on game mechanics and realism. The calls have background noises that can help you indicate what type of call it is, there is a variety of calls, although sometimes you can have multiple calls that are the same, and best of all...the VOICE ACTING! The voice acting is solid, although there aren't very many different voice actors, they do give off realism to the calls. The people actually sound like people, the callers show emotion and tone. So far Loving this game! Right now I'm on Chicago, which is the third level. So far as I've seen, you need a ""Total"" amount of reputation points, not get it all in one go, to get a new map. But so far thats the only confusing part of the game, the rest is easy and it is worth every dollar!10/10 in my opinion.There are a few bugs though, since it is a recent  release.The only one I've had that was a BIG isssue is the one where they don't hang up so you have to either wait 20 minutes or ignore the call and lose reputation. So far it's only happened to the 911 call where the Lady calls about her stove or whatever being on fire, and then after telling her to use the fire extinguisher she fails and the hood catches on fire. Then after the dispatcher says ""get everyone out of the house"" she says okay and leave the phone on.UPDATE: I have experienced a bug where I sent a Regular Ambulance, a Motorcycle, and a regular Cop Car to a situation. Then for some reason it said ""police transport needed"", so I thought I just didnt click it close enough. So I checked the ""On Site"" tab of the incident and apparently I had 2 Motorcycles on the site. (I only have 2 in the game so far and havent bought a third, my other motorcycle  was giving a speed ticket.) So I re clicked the police car and sent it back in and it transformed back. It was partially game breaking."
,Recommended,503560,30483822,Posted: 12 March,all,AusSkiller,"This is great little game where you play as an emergency services operator, answering calls and dispatching emergency vehicles to where they are needed. There's also a pretty wide range of calls from butt dials and crank calls, to dealing with serial bombers or the aftermath of an earthquake. The phone calls start to get a bit repetitive after a while but there's enough of the rarer calls to keep you on your toes and the more common ones change up things on you so you aren't really confident of the outcome when you hear the start of the call.Play is seperated into two sections, your duty shift where you answer the calls and dispatching the emergency services to where they need to go, this lasts between 10 and 20 minutes depending on the game speed, and a management section before/after each shift where you can buy more vehicles, personal and equipment to help get things done using the money you earn from correctly helping people during your shift, you will also likely need to replace personal who are injured (or even occasionally killed) on the job.While I strongly recommend playin through the campaign which seems like it has some unique events in the later levels, you can also play in just about any real world city, I think it pulls data from maps so you can play in your own home town :D.You will probably get between 4 and 10 hours out of the game before it wears thin, but for $15-$20 (including DLC) it's a pretty good buy and I definitely reccomend it."
76561198268945187,Recommended,503560,30482509,Posted: 12 March,all,caballero_629,The game is amazing what I like about it is that you get real city's and also you get some 911 calls that actually happed. I recommend this to others because it is a simulator about taking calls and reports and helping people.
76561198166438585,Recommended,503560,30619109,Posted: 19 March,all,zsheng,"Some suggestions:Some more common sense could be added to the paramedic emergencies.1. Stroke emergency, the FAST check.2. Heart Failure.3. We could contact with each other with my medic ideas, as a field of my kind of specialty.Maybe could add more custom emergency, and it will be great, maybe open workshop for emergency type. Use the power of community. I guess this game could be both fun and educational. Anyway, great job guys."
,Recommended,503560,30622159,Posted: 19 March,all,Zalethon,"I haven't played for long, but it seems like the game gets repetitive pretty quick. (I'm not going to buy the DLC) But it's a fun concept, and the fact that you can import any city (by the OpenStreetMaps definition) is pretty damned cool."
,Recommended,503560,30626119,Posted: 19 March,all,Sitruz,"Bought 911 Operator today and found it great fun. Over 7 hours already on career mode and still repeating the first map, increasing my units and kitting out my teams.I enjoyed playing my home city too. As it's a fairly big city I got access to helicopters and decent firepower from the get go.The scenarios are varied, but quickly become repetitive. It hasn't ruined the experience yet, but I hope to see a lot more added in the future to keep the game fresh.Great value for money at £10 but the additional £4 for the DLC seems a strange way to do it. They should have included it in the main game and charged a bit more.My staff units have received promotions but I would like to see this have a real effect in the game. A promotion and staff stats should increase making them more efficient at handling situations.As I progressed, I found myself swapping out lower skilled staff for more skilled staff, but don't see anyway of firing unused staff or selling kit that's not being used. That would be a welcome added feature.Overall very impressed with this little indie game. Looking forward to future updates."
,Recommended,503560,30635878,Posted: 20 March,all,Occasional Win,"Fun simulator, you can even dispatch in the city you live in. If I wanted to be picky I'd ask for a few more calls, or different variations. Also would be great if you could rename your staff and vehicles. The controls are decent and the UI is fine. Haven't encountered any bugs. Recommended to anyone who likes simulators"
76561198056661262,Recommended,503560,30643757,Posted: 20 March,all,Lieutenant Wilson,"Fun game, needs a lot more diversity when it comes to calloutsOnly had one bug where my motorcycle police unit would for some reason go across the map disregarding any roadsOther than that, perfect"
76561198001174552,Recommended,503560,30154982,Posted: 24 February,all,GrenPa,"EDIT:I have decided to amend my review to be fair since I have played more and there has been some updates.Pro's:Graphics are low key and feel right for the game.The game runs smooth with no serious issues.It is very addictive to play and you can lose and hour or 2 without noticing.There are different maps and sizes which really makes the game fun and challenging.A major plus is the continued updates to the game by the Dev's.Cons:First con is when you have multiple vehicles at start of each game they are stacked  and to place them you have to move them to parts of map. So you never know which one is selected until you move it out of the stack.2nd con, some of the game play scenarios are bugged where they say or do the wrong thing.Last con, I really wish there were more voices in game and emergencies as It really takes away for the enjoyment of playing.Would i recommend the game?In short yes it is fun even with the fiisue I mentioned.And if you get it on sale all the best.What I would say is I Wish there was a list of all vehicles you have deployed on left side of screen so you could select them from there.I would also like the list if added to be color coded for each service Fire, Police and medical.Thats it, hope my review helps."
76561198098390023,Recommended,503560,30734639,Posted: 25 March,all,shawn_ewig,"This is such an amazing game, and this game is unlike any game I have every played. I love the field of Criminal Justice and this game does an amazing job at telling the untold story of what it is like to be an 911 Operator. This game is well desgined and easy to pick up and play at any give moment! This game is great!!"
76561197988108931,Recommended,503560,30728519,Posted: 25 March,all,Canadian Space Marine,Fantastic game
,Recommended,503560,30861165,Posted: 31 March,all,Johnny,"Its a very simple game, but addictive as hell"
76561198009162399,Recommended,503560,30876346,Posted: 1 April,all,Grantdawg,"This a very fun little game. Runs great on my two-in-one laptop which is a plus. There are several things others have pointed out (calls are very repeative, etc.) that are little annoying, but not major problems. I do wish there were a couple of changes, like:1) Equipment on a vehicle slots, not per personnel. Bigger vehicles should have more slots and the officers could use the equipment they need.2) Way less shoot-outs. There are multiple shoot-outs per shift right now, and that is over the top. Should be rare that police have to actually fire shots.Overall, fun game."
76561198040371734,Not Recommended,503560,30874333,Posted: 1 April,all,harunanukui,"This game has great potential but there are so many glitches that need to be fixed.A couple of time, when I started a duty, some of my teams were gone, leaving me with only two fire engines.It's not clear when the status of a certain emergency changes. If there is a shooting and the police needs an ambulance it' hard to notice.Also needs many more phone calls to keep being enjoyable."
76561198159100458,Recommended,503560,30875894,Posted: 1 April,all,tomas-kuruc,"A great simulation of the integrated rescue system. Himself working as a paramedic, so I know that similar events are real life. Operators have the more difficult job they have to decide where to send and when to send an ambulance, police or firefighters. So for me the thumbs up, keep it up.Certainly developers should add more events to play simulate reality as real as possible. For example, put in a call to 911 backache that simulate heart attacks, aggressive and arrogant callers."
76561198314006438,Recommended,503560,30876413,Posted: 1 April,all,alexandre.goncalves99,how to play on mac? It doesnt seem to work..
76561198188076877,Recommended,503560,30866648,Posted: 31 March,all,jasonhatchel.jh,The graphics are amazing and I love the gameplay and the basics!!
,Recommended,503560,30764924,Posted: 26 March,all,Gamerkid4562,Its a very good simulation on what it will feel like to uhhh... actully be a 911 operator and for me i think its a great game!
76561198153343002,Recommended,503560,30765559,Posted: 26 March,all,sadistic81,"i find this game to be quite fun, i even bought a copy for a mate"
76561198119202220,Not Recommended,503560,30761837,Posted: 26 March,all,dragonsawareness,"Controls are a bit annyoing. The concept of the game I like. However when it gets busy, and say I click on a firetruck to send to a call. And then a police situation happens...even if I click on the police car, the firetruck responds instead. This costs time and can get really confusing and frustating at times."
76561198002511124,Not Recommended,503560,30735872,Posted: 25 March,all,Talv,"Game breaking bugs made the game unplayable. I really enjoyed the game so even though I lost a large chunk of resources once I started a new game determined that it was a one time fluke and I would enjoy a full play through the second time.... On the very first map the bug happned again, resources vanished and I asked for a refund, sad day."
76561197990526214,Recommended,503560,30715330,Posted: 24 March,all,SpectreSloth,This game is defintely a fun little way to kill some time. Its a great way to simulate what a 911 operator goes through and has excellent attention to detail. The phone calls can get repetitive but the devs are constantly working on adding variety to the game.
76561198136842569,Recommended,503560,30738900,Posted: 25 March,all,johnarmenia,this is a great game. i had one call wheere a tooaster was on fire and i told her to put water on it and she electricuterd herself!!! i love it but i am not gonna play it anymore untill much more dlcs come out because right now the calls can get very very repatative WITH ONE GUY ALWAYS HAVING STOMACH pain. overall great so far. i do not mind paying for dlc if its a resonable price.
,Recommended,503560,30736498,Posted: 25 March,all,juhos3000,sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo goood
76561198273132678,Recommended,503560,30741813,Posted: 25 March,all,Onlymeoryou,hi you that have done 911 operator i have a idé cuse in real world the emergency people dont have a limit so mayby ad more spots for equipments. and its a relly good game. you guys have maked a good game i cant say any beter game thean this. <3
,Recommended,503560,30762710,Posted: 26 March,all,NoBlackThunder,Small and fun game.It could use a bit more content in diversety and maybe a mode that supports a shift from monday to sunday where the hardest day would be the weekend. That would be cool. Also a propper save system where you could have multible saves that would be nice .. beside that the game is really grate.. It can apperently even download your local area and generate a game map for that .. And that is awesome!
,Recommended,503560,30766989,Posted: 26 March,all,CrossBread,"I was just pondering what a 911 dispatch game could be like when I came across this title, so I went ahead and bought it to see what it was all about.  When played in campaign mode, you get a decent variety of calls.  Selecting a custom city seems a little more repetitive than what I was hoping for.  You hear a lot of the same call/voice actor/lines every session.However, occasionally it has these shining moments where someone calls because their ex is actively trying to break into the house and they are asking what to do.  Grab a gun?  Fire?  Just try to scare him?  With a panicked woman on the other end of the line asking for guidance in a crisis it definitely incites the type of emotion I was looking for.  Sometimes the line just goes dead and you have to judge base on the conversation so far whether to route your limited police, medics, or firemen, or some combination of all of them to the location-- if you remembered to ask for it.  Those moments were great.  But only account for maybe one out of every 15 minutes of play.  The rest is a little too familiar after the first day, which is maybe what the real job is like, but where Papers, Please managed to maintain arousal state doing the mundane, 911 Operator does not.They do, however, have a really awesome feature to increase your personal stake in the game.  You can enter ANY city and they pull the map data for the streets, hospital, fire and police depts., so you can be responding to emergencies in your home town.  The addresses are based on the real street names, so when I hear 235 4th street, I know that's on the North side by the fair grounds where there is increased gang activity in the actual city I grew up in and my mind fills in all the details about what the scene looked like.  Really, really, cool.Definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,503560,30777555,Posted: 27 March,all,Cyterin,Really enjoying this game so far.Funny original 911 callswould recommend.
,Recommended,503560,30822872,Posted: 29 March,all,Joe Smuck,"Pretty cool chill game in the beginning. Getting to the harder stages, It really challenges your macro-ing and decision-making skills. Then things got boring and repetitive. I'm pretty much done with the game now. I'd recommend getting if its on sale."
76561198052725524,Recommended,503560,30563880,Posted: 16 March,all,buckeyebean19,"I love this game and have been playing it for 2 weeks now on and off, however just as of tonight it's been freezing all the tim (4 times in a 4 hour span) and since you only save once you finish a map this is a huge problem having to start over from dispatch all over again. Please fix the freezing!"
,Recommended,503560,30884704,Posted: 1 April,all,reedy2k93,"having played only 10 hours, so far i really love this game, its adictive and keeps me coming back for more, i would like to see more events added, like floods earthquakes ect and loads more calls to deal with, we will have to wait and see what things will be added. overall i would recommend this game and i would also give it a 9/10,"
,Recommended,503560,30883022,Posted: 1 April,all,hooba dooba,"I'm gonna make it simple. It's a good game. It will keep you entertained, it's a great gift for a friend, BUT if you are not the kind of person who likes to grind or rinse and repeat. This might get boring after a few updates.While yes it is a brilliant representation of a 911 operator's work and the calls that get through, they are all sort of repetetive. But to counter that, he added the free DLC. Which makes the game even better.Don't get confused i love the game, but i'd recommend hanging back a month or two before if you aren't a grinding type, and come back when the game has more and new content.I do not regret my purchase, not at all. Just get some more content in, Yes buy it if you wan't to but beware the game might not be for you."
,Recommended,503560,30889050,Posted: 1 April,all,Ritsutama,I spot lolicon i'm calling 911
76561198092506987,Not Recommended,503560,30901817,Posted: 2 April,all,Natedog,"i must say that i am increasingly disappointed, the game crashes at random intervals through out you day of duty, it either stops working or a game file itself crashes. I enjoy the game but it is very disappointing to have to start your first day over and over again with no possibility of continuing"
,Recommended,503560,30894922,Posted: 2 April,all,ReGiN | Justice,just can play as relaxing gamedonwload your city and play for infinite is kind of fun and relaxingalthough the suituation is limited but I quite enjoy to manage as different parts on the map (zone)
76561198095676641,Recommended,503560,30947185,Posted: 4 April,all,JulesRules,I love this game! Every time new DLC is coming out. I advise to buy it!
76561198152735820,Recommended,503560,30970338,Posted: 5 April,all,Thevanshow123,"You guys should make a gamemode where it focuses on one major scenario, like 9/11 or something like that"
76561198232157312,Recommended,503560,30970672,Posted: 5 April,all,Nathan B. 5T-132,"[POTENTIAL SPOILERS] I loved this game from the moment I saw some of my favourite youtubers playing it... and naturally I got it myself. But, today was a special exception. Special I say because It was AWESOME. There I was, minding my own business, when suddenly the screen started to shake violently. I was confused at first but suddenly it made sense. That, and the operator yelled ""Oh *od, an earthquake!"". Suddenly, red markers started popping up all over the map, signalling that the Fire Department was needed. I was just reflecting on the small amount of fire calls that the FD recieves in a 'duty' prior to that, but the earthquake made me feel like I should have bought more trucks as my units were running thin and running fast! People called in emergency after emergency, be it a house collapse or the gentleman who's pacemaker was almost out of battery while the power was out (the nurse at the home said that he had only minutes to live). It was fast paced but it was probably the best experience I have had in this game yet. For some reason I felt really good after I got to save that man with the heart moniter, and I felt like it was one of those TV shows, emergency services racing from every direction just to save this person. On a side note, I personally thought it was funny that I had to send the police to assist with the calls FD couldn't make it to but in a real situation like that, everyone would do their part to help out anyways. I really hope that there are more events like this in the future!I apologize for the rant, but that was such an amazing experience that I had to share it with the community and give this game a thumbs up for a job well done!!Would highly recommend :)"
,Recommended,503560,30972073,Posted: 5 April,all,muymra,"A bit of a niche title that mixes a few management elements with real-time strategy. The gameplay loop is fairly simple, if somewhat repetitive, and the unique story-related calls run out after a few cities. But for the price, there is enough here to warrant a buy if you enjoy deploying your teams to incidents which can get frantic on your first duty on that city when you have few teams available, making sure you match the capabilities of your team to the emergencies you assign them, knowing which calls do not require an emergency response, and some light staff/equipment/vehicle management.Bonus points for allowing you to search a city, download it, and play on it."
,Recommended,503560,30907504,Posted: 2 April,all,KoloheKaya,Fun! Really fun!
76561198119138686,Recommended,503560,30915547,Posted: 2 April,all,dionis2508,Game has a glitch where some of my units/equipment would disappear from my roster once I'm in the Deployment stage and when I go back the unit it's not in the list and I have to buy it again. Also whe I press the Zoom In or Out keys it Zooms to the max. Please fix this glitch ASAP. It's basically forcing you to function without a proper amount of units.
76561198199189687,Not Recommended,503560,30929984,Posted: 3 April,all,tranajadotstry,"I love this game! The only problem is I cant seem to resolve anything! When i click somewhere my team does not go to the situation and I fail at everything. I send different teams to the same situation and see if that helps but it doesnt. I often have 5 sitautions left undone because my team cannot seem to get to the area for whatever reason. This is more often with firefighters and medics than my police men, but sometimes the policemen drive completely pass it and patrol instead. A update needs to be made where when they're close enough to a area they automatically go and respond. I dont know what else to do, Until then I cannot play."
76561198082441129,Recommended,503560,30934425,Posted: 3 April,all,Ragin Cajun Kim Jung Un,The game is a good game. It needs a few more updates.
76561198141208265,Recommended,503560,30149924,Posted: 24 February,all,domallen58,"Awsome operater manager! Answer 911 calls correctly and respond to the get reputation and more money for police,medic or fire figher equipment. very enjoyable game. lots of diffrent cities with different sizes and response veicles same sort of response calls but some comical like a kid asking you for maths or game developers asking to make a game."
76561197985166927,Recommended,503560,30154801,Posted: 24 February,all,Alex,Great game! Can get a little repetitive due to similar call but this can be fixed with updates and DLC. I'm still addicted.
,Recommended,503560,30154813,Posted: 24 February,all,DaXsS,"I was waiting for months for this to come out. And its everything I expected.Very addicting, and fun. Its one of those casual games that you can just lay on a couch and play.Not too expensive either, I reccomend it."
76561198025183585,Recommended,503560,30152581,Posted: 24 February,all,meloescher,"I enjoy games that offer a glimpse into the lives of others, especially vocational simulations. I have played and enjoyed numerous plane, bus, farming, air traffic control simulators etc. and would put this game in that category.  In this game you are tasked with distributing limited fire. police and ambulence services on a series of real world maps, including any town you choose. You experience the growth of your rescue force through the successful complation of 911 operator shifts. There is a puzzle aspect to the game that requires thoughtful deployment of your crews and vehicles, and a time managment challenge that forces you to choose to whom you respond and when. The live 911 calls are immersive but may get repetitive and the graphics are somewhat sparse and remarkably devoid of 'bells and whistles' considering the theme. Other than these minor quibbles, this is a challenging and enjoyable casual simulation that will not overly tax you with mundane details while allowing you to imagine a 'day in the life' of a 911 operator."
,Recommended,503560,30152495,Posted: 24 February,all,Maxi,Fun
76561198220436864,Recommended,503560,30152565,Posted: 24 February,all,steven hawking,fun and time consuming
,Recommended,503560,30148951,Posted: 24 February,all,Procrastinator Zimmer,"Oddly fun to play. Already had an easter egg (not going to spoil it). Can get repetitive at times, but since this is the first version, and new features are planned for future updates; that's expected.Can't wait for what's in store for new updates."
76561198167620316,Recommended,503560,30155582,Posted: 24 February,all,compjake123,"So I played this game since 8am this morning and it is now 9pm. This game is so fun and addictive you better be prepared for the clock to fly off the wall with how fast time goes. Even though each session in free mode is only 8 minutes long you keep hitting play again because you want to get more units. This game is really fun and exactly like they advertised,if not better. The only thing is that when you play it so long the calls repeat themselves but other than that it is quite fun. The aspect of doing it with a town or city you know of and street names that are familiar is even better. Well worth getting."
76561198246134230,Recommended,503560,30155628,Posted: 24 February,all,redstuff2468,Really fun and LOVE the idea. The only thing is its to repetitive. If you can get more calls this game will be amazing.
76561198060875389,Recommended,503560,30154103,Posted: 24 February,all,john_colvin,As someone who works in EMS/fire I truely enjoyed this game. It's fun (and makes my balls feel big) to be on the dispatch side of events. Choosing which calls to ignore while prioritising calls such as mandown/not breathing is one helluva god-complex trip. The city I work in is brought to life in a pretty damned accurate manner. Visuals are what one would expect in such a game but overall I have no major beefs.9/10 will be playing when I report for my next tour with the ambulance.
,Recommended,503560,30159099,Posted: 24 February,all,Foxtwo,"Fun resource managment game, I love games where they throw you into a job (or rather a fun version of a job). The ability to add your city to manage is very cool, however it can make some of the smaller cities a bit difficult as they are not equipped to handle so many requests.Lovely game, only negative points go to the background radio chatter being a bit repetitive and annoying which you sadly cannot mute without muting the rest of the game"
,Recommended,503560,30156197,Posted: 24 February,all,Fox,"Excellent game. A bit stressful, especially at first when you don't really know what you're doing or how to handle certain situations. And just when you think you're talking to the same person, dealing with the exact same incident, a curve ball gets thrown at you so you really need to pay attention and select the right actions accordingly. There's a lot of voice actors in the game, but there are some repetitive ones in there too. Which I guess makes sense, I mean, who wants to hire hundreds of voice actors for a small game?There's a surprising amount of content in this game, a lot more than I expected. I'll likely be putting in a lot of hours into this game.There are 3 really frustrating issues with the game... Icons often get in the way of sending support units to the scene or taking them away from the scene. And those who play in 4:3 mode, that side bar window is almost always in the way and it isn't a permanent side bar, so you can accidentally click and drag it around on the screen causing it to be even more in the way. The difficulty curve is a little unrealistic in the sense that you're extremely limited in funding, especially when first starting out on the map, but they fill the map with situations in which you couldn't possibly handle correctly which in turn causes deaths and / or staff injuries which forces you to suffer a great deal more in the next shift as your reputation drops and there's very little to no funding for the next day. I'm almost tempted to play the game in easy mode just so I can play the game in a more realistic and completable way.One more thing, I received a real life phone call, and for some dumb reason, I could not pause the game at all while I was in a call within the game, which forced me to make the obvious decision and cause me to lose the call in the game... setting me back even more.Worth noting... There are some crash issues related to loading stuff. It was released today though, so I'm sure it'll be patched in no time. These things happen."
76561197993382531,Recommended,503560,30165750,Posted: 25 February,all,Mrcs,"I have only played the first shift, but I was positively impressed! I had high hopes but was also slightly worried if the game would be solid.I got a warm feeling when playing. The game is solid and I look forward to spending lots of time in it!"
76561198026126384,Recommended,503560,30167094,Posted: 25 February,all,Salt Density,Very enjoyableThat guy who calls about a guy who steals his parking spot EVERY SINGLE ♥♥♥♥ING SHIFT can go ♥♥♥♥ himself though♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Day 1 DLC is very disappointing though.
,Recommended,503560,30140428,Posted: 24 February,all,Lewis,"Very nice strategy game, enjoying it so far. Would recommend devs did a good job on this one. Seems like there is quite a bit of content in the game. I did also get the extra content. The price is not too bad either. Will definitely be playing more of this."
,Recommended,503560,30143294,Posted: 24 February,all,Signe,"Really nice and cozy game, def. worth the money :)"
76561197970228141,Recommended,503560,30145122,Posted: 24 February,all,Rage in The Dark (CoZ),So far nice realisitc simulation of situations where you need to get better to access to new cities and new type of situations.Very fast you need to prioritise your mitions and know your teams. Do not hesitate to spend some money on equipment!
,Recommended,503560,30140985,Posted: 24 February,all,geordietony,"I've been following this game for a while, via other YouTubers and couldn't wait for it to come it.I loved the Emergency games and Police Tactics : Imperio will always be a favorite of mine.In this game, you control the 3 Emergency services Police Fire and Ambulance and you have to respond to calls around the city (what’s really cool is you can actually play in your own city too in free play). You also have to answer calls from the public regarding a number of things and pick from a few response’s, however some may seem innocent but delve deeper and you may find a crime!Seems fun so far and the fast-paced action can get real tense especially when all your units are tied up.You can also buy extra equipment (like body armour) assign crews and buy new vehicles.Graphics are simple but effective, I like the way at the end of the day you get a report of what happened who was arrested etc. Sounds are good, lots of radio chatter.I will update the review as I play more over the weekend. So far so good and cant wait to get back on the streets.If you are undecided I recorded my first 30 minutes of gameplay below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyIGUnwaDsY&feature=youtu.be"
76561197974532364,Recommended,503560,30141445,Posted: 24 February,all,YsergyGuardian,Great voice acting and the ability to play in any city is a nice touch. Easy to get into quickly but not great for playing in larger sittings as it is not varied enough.
76561198005920534,Recommended,503560,30149788,Posted: 24 February,all,ghostly909,"Played for a few hours and so far its quite addictive.It has a lot of potential and it would be good if the devs keep supporting and improving this game,personally i'd like more sound effects when clicking on a despatched unit.Like it."
76561198031478263,Recommended,503560,30186532,Posted: 25 February,all,american42385,"I was kinda leary on this game at first, worked around my graphics card common issue and understanding the controls, it's a very additive game and love every minute of it.  As of its release yesterday. I have played for 12 hours. This game goes will with my collection of 911 First Responder, Rescue: Everyday Heros, GTA V: LCPDFR mod and Rescue mod."
,Recommended,503560,30187123,Posted: 25 February,all,Ladd40,"A great game about being a 911 operator. You're job is to filter calls and decide whether or not to dispatch your units, while at the same time, you have to take care of random incidents popping up here and there.  I find it very interesting for the devs to have created these interesting calls that tries to bring you in the game. It's a nice touch in bringing some form of realism to the game.As for replayability of the game, I believe the calls will tend to be repititve, voice- and dialogue-wise, after playing the first and 2nd map in the career mode. So I recommend that the devs add in more variations in with the voices and dialogue in the calls and in the background noises.It may be just me but I find completing achievements in this game fun and something to work forward to. it's a nice combination with this game if only there are more available.A great game for managment and casual gamers. A game with good potential. Looking forward for more content."
76561198141411541,Recommended,503560,30184102,Posted: 25 February,all,komoki_emrys,If you've ever wanted to know what it was like to be a 911 operator then this is the game for you. Here you will virtually step into the shoes of a 911 operator at his job.
76561198364451522,Recommended,503560,30183891,Posted: 25 February,all,pixburgh22,"Really interesting and simple game--yet pretty addicting!  Some moments get really intense.  I love the emergency calls that are coming in, but they do seem to get repetitive...hopefully more dialogue and calls are added as more updates are made to the game.  Just a suggestion to keep it fresh.  It's really cool that the free mode allows to be in any city (big and even smaller ones).  I do hope in the future this choice of freedom is added to the career mode--categorize cities by size and allow the player to choose a city depending on which current size city they are qualified for, rather than forcing them to do certain cities. It's a great start though, and I've been playing all night.  Also, I experienced some issues while downloading because my antivirus software (norton) kept seeing 911.trojan or some file similar to this and kept blocking it from the computer, thinking it was a virus or trojan.  Just a heads up you may have to manually allow your antivirus software to download the file."
,Recommended,503560,30184615,Posted: 25 February,all,Midnight,Fun and amusing game filtering calls and assigning incidents.
76561198313330988,Recommended,503560,30156003,Posted: 24 February,all,Brenduh,This game is very fun but also incredibly challenging at times. My only critique is that a lot of the calls are often repeated; I would love to see more situations added to keep interest. My favorite part of this game is being able to download any city to play on. I look forward to see what else will be added in the future.
,Recommended,503560,30145945,Posted: 24 February,all,Thomas Clancy,thats pretty gooooood
76561198080812310,Recommended,503560,30157680,Posted: 24 February,all,Actionman,fun game with plenty further improvement potentials
,Recommended,503560,30157341,Posted: 24 February,all,Drake,"This game looked immediately appealing when I first heard of it on the co-optional podcast. After playing it for a couple hours I can easily say it's both a good game and perhaps pushed out a little too early.There are several minor bugs, like sometimes the report screen not appearing after a day of duty, rendering myself completely unaware as to how well I performed that day. And the self-help-tutorial-type-thing appearing every single time you go from the main menu, forcing me to close out of it. The main menu itself is over stylized, it took me way to long to find the options and exit menus from looking at my screen. There are several glaring grammar issues that could have quite easily been caught with some more testers before it was released, although I hope for them to patched up soon. There are also some strange lack of utility and quality of life features, like how you can't tell what equipment your units have from the bottom-left unit tab. As well as the inability to easily rearrange units or sort them by profession. A minor gripe to finish off the negatives would be, while the page boasted a large variety of situations for the 911 calls, you quite often get repeats of the same situations and can't skip pass the dialogue... Although, considering the theme, it's likely the same events occur in the real life counter-part.Now for the good, and why you definitely should purchase this game. You really do get a feel for how a 911 operator works. Basically you set up your city's emergency vehicles and order them around the map, either through random pop-ups or the more interesting 911 calls, which are fully voice-acted and have decision trees to get more or less information from the caller depending on your choices. You have to decide if the person needs help, what type of help to give them, or if they can help themselves and ignore the situation. It's all quite fascinating.I adore the simple graphic style of seeing your tiny dots dart across the map as they patrol the area or dash towards their objectives. It invokes images of Atom Zombie Smasher and Mini Metro as well as Papers Please. If you enjoyed either or both of those titles you will probably quite enjoy this one. The voice acting may not be the highest quality I've heard but the main 911 operator does a fine job and mixed with the phonecalls and background noises, it does immerse you into the role.Overall I must say if you enjoy these indie-puzzle type games of decision making and managing limited resources, you should certainly consider this game a purchase."
76561198169823161,Recommended,503560,30174414,Posted: 25 February,all,Halloween,im a officer now
76561198084722718,Recommended,503560,30174490,Posted: 25 February,all,Binmaniac,"A great game from an awesome idea with some invaluable lessons involved such as, how to recognise a heart attack and what to do with oil in a pan on fire.However, it does have some little kinks to be worked out;- zooming in on the map does not decrease the size of the unit icons, they just take up more and more of the screen. This is      especially annoying when there are multiple units near the same spot and you want to select one.- when you dispatch a unit to pick up multiple patients/suspects and there more patients/suspects than the unit can carry, it will take the first load to the hospital/police station and then stay there as if nothing more needs to be done."
,Recommended,503560,30140850,Posted: 24 February,all,Graeme,"Bought this game on release date and so far it has been brilliant. Incredibliy addoctive and fun to play. Only criticism is the money system, it seems you need an awful lot to buy any vehicle. Apart from that it is brilliant. Very good value for money for base game and the DLC."
76561198001122432,Recommended,503560,30174976,Posted: 25 February,all,Roca Cubanito,"Good game, good price, and much fun!"
76561198052743399,Recommended,503560,30175914,Posted: 25 February,all,BobDoleReigns,This is the Police minus the story but makes up for it in gameplay.
76561198161520952,Recommended,503560,30180124,Posted: 25 February,all,Keinnard,"I like how, on the 3rd city, has its reference to the kid calling 911 for his math."
76561198339090606,Recommended,503560,30180128,Posted: 25 February,all,jellybyrd2001,I havent seen a game for emergency services that is this in depth in a while. My only complaint is that it has serious glitching issuses for audio and will crash when loading. I recommend this game for anyone who takes an intrest in emergency services and is in some ways patience with their computer.
76561198039495866,Recommended,503560,30177108,Posted: 25 February,all,titom75,"An addictive humble emergency managment game, fresh and innovant. A little bit buggy, but not enough to spoil pleasure to play hours, as progression is well balanced.You play an emergency units dispatch manager and you have to send appropriate units (police, medics or fire) on the maps (which are real cities plans, much simplified) depending on the 911 call you received. You hire troops and buy equipment and vehicules at the end of the day.Gamplay and design are simple (forget the sh**ty micro managment of ""emergency"" series), somtimes a little too much : we would have apprecite keyboard shortucs, more flexibility for the player, and a little more imagination in general. Anyway the result is still very enjoyable."
,Recommended,503560,30176093,Posted: 25 February,all,kovogliXx,"Finally another easy and fun game.This game is fun, sometimes a little bit thrilling, the voiceacting is on point.The gameplay is very good and authentic.The opportunity to play on almost every city's map (not campaign)  is so much fun.A lot of potential in this game and I cant wait for the Updates to come.If you like the ""trailers/previews"" buy it."
,Recommended,503560,30208524,Posted: 26 February,all,SPiFFY DOQ,A unique top down management game that stresses the hell out of me but is fun nonetheless.
76561198256452709,Recommended,503560,30209518,Posted: 26 February,all,schnoppelschnap,"It's pretty fun once you get to know the game and realize what you're doing, my only complaint is that hearing the same guy with the same voice calling about the same thing all the time gets pretty annoying, but otherwise it's very enjoyable to me."
,Recommended,503560,30989852,Posted: 6 April,all,Stevo,"Not nearly enough different scenarios, but fun nonetheless."
,Recommended,503560,30995526,Posted: 7 April,all,tastyworm,"While the audio calls are somewhat repetitive, the idea behind this game is pretty good. What makes it though, is that you have the ability to use a map local to you, and that it places police stations, fire stations and hospitals in their actual positions - makes it more fun to play on familiar streets."
76561198046199650,Recommended,503560,31027472,Posted: 8 April,all,Sizzlingpopcorn,This game will have you feeling like a real 911 operator! Need to make quick decisions with limited resources under high stress.
76561198067880700,Recommended,503560,31027798,Posted: 8 April,all,weatherluvr1212,"This game has alot of potential. It is an exciting game that continuously presents issues to the player. However, the calls are repetitive. After just a couple hours of gameplay, you can start to recognize which call is occuring just from the person's voice. The feature to play in your city is pretty cool, but there should somehow be an emulator to make the person actually say addresses, not just a garbled voice cover. This game really needs to continue development and it'll be one of the best that I've played."
76561198271907642,Recommended,503560,31026517,Posted: 8 April,all,nathanreen,i love this game its amazing simple but enjoyablemy only suggestion is more boxes or the character to have more equipment or as an extra idea add some boxes for the emrgency cars for storage like a trunk also it would be good to rename the units
76561198375064479,Recommended,503560,31087606,Posted: 11 April,all,rjsilagy,"Coming from a first responder and dispatcher, this is a great game with so much more potential than it already has. Looking forward to future updates!"
76561198308458180,Recommended,503560,31054777,Posted: 9 April,all,intransit04,"I really like this game! Yes, some of the calls can get a bit repetitive, but that's probably because a 911 operator gets lots of repetitive calls during a shift. There are several unique calls that will occur that make up for the repetition, and they can make you really feel the pressure and urgency of the situation. I like the interface and it's easy to learn how to play. The only changes I'd make are adding a few new scenarios, a few less ""under fire"" situations, and not forcing us to click 'ok' to continue when we've unlocked a new city-when that happens, we are unable to review our performance from that shift. I like to review what I did, check out the outcome, and learn what I need to do next time I recieve that particular call to get more points. Overall, it's a fun game and I am looking forward to seeing what the developers add next."
76561197965965146,Recommended,503560,31045055,Posted: 9 April,all,Zhrakkan,"A simple game but brilliantly designed.Aside from some possible UI tweaks and just adding more ""events"", I love the game.I could see something like this concept expanding, but in this case...if could still be expanded for  more aspects to the game. The base is there...now its a matter of added ""fluff"" and ""variety""."
76561198365975288,Recommended,503560,31105712,Posted: 12 April,all,Aaron,"Okay so firstly I can't say I have ever played a game like this, it is very different from my usua games. But I am always open to new types of games. The idea of the game intruiged me, and I have not been dissapointed. It is effectively a strategy game in a very unique way, and will keep you busy and swearing at the pile up of problems when all you want is a second to breathe!I have found the calls a tad repetative, but maybe that will change as I progress through career mode. Love that you can download pretty much any map of any place in the world and use it on free play, which is cool. And there is a great range of vehicles you can buy as you build up your repuatation and money from being a good call operator! I doubt a call operator has this much power in real life...but for the game it needs this extra stuff to make the game fun.Does have 3 modes, easy, normal and hard. I personally would recommend starting on easy until you get used to the mechanics, as on hard you will get more calls than you have services :D"
,Recommended,503560,31105382,Posted: 12 April,all,livelongandprosper999,Great game. Need new missions and maybe when advising CPR to give more flexibility
76561198208656625,Recommended,503560,31092679,Posted: 12 April,all,JustinReverse499,"This game is a blast. Coming from someone who has been getting burnt out on First Person Shooters and Horror Games, this game is a fast paced strategy game that let's me pretend I'm a 911 Operator. I went from looking for a new casual game to staying up until 4AM. Love this!"
,Recommended,503560,31112443,Posted: 13 April,all,seemlycarl,"Very fun at first but after a couple-few hours of playing can get boring due to repetitiveness, but that doesn't mean it's a bad game no, I love the the game-play it's fun and entertaining and you get the odd very funny call plus the micro manage is brilliantly done. But the thing that would make this game become much better is if they added tons more dial outs and if they have a little fun side scenario what if zombie epidemic started and you need to deal with it."
,Recommended,503560,30210140,Posted: 26 February,all,bazackward,"It was worth it for the price I paid (20% off). I've only played career so far, but it's pretty satisfying. I like the promotion system and it keeps the game challenging since, each time you start to feel like a pro in a particular city, you move to a new one. It can be stressful when all of your police units are busy and they all start yelling ""shots fired"" and need backup or your ambulance is dealing with stomach ache dude and all of the sudden someone is having a heart attack across town, but working through those situations is why you would pick up this game.In terms of the annoying things, I agree that some of the situations get repetitive. (If that lady's kitchen catches fire one more time I'm just going to hang up on her!) However, just when I thought I'd experienced it all, something big happens (no spoilers) and I'm panicking to address all of the service calls. I would love if they would make it clearer how long I have to respond to a given call before it will disappear (kind of like when someone calls 911 and there's a timer on the button to answer the call).Lastly, as others have mentioned, the game froze on me several times when I clicked ""Start Deployment."" So, still a few bugs, but overall I think this game is worth the money."
,Recommended,503560,30206632,Posted: 26 February,all,Simon.cleric,"A nice little game. It doesn't have too much content, but you can use map of any city to play on, and for the price point, it will surely give you some hours of fun.Plus it is quite educational in terms of dealing with emergencies and emergency services. Well done."
,Recommended,503560,30147155,Posted: 24 February,all,MFD 1316,"This is a really nice game, it keeps you on your toes trying to balence your units between all the different calls you can get, and the best part is that you can play on any city in the world, I just spent 20 minutes playing in my hometown!"
,Recommended,503560,30147085,Posted: 24 February,all,Cyberdemon,"An awesome 911 Operator Simulator. You take control of emergency services of a city and do your best to protect the public. You hire staff, control what vehicles in your fleet, and what your staff carries. It can get challenging when you become short staffed or dont have a good balance of personnel to answer calls.Totally worth the money! Game play is a lot of fun. You can even download the closest city to you and play on your own streets.The only thing I find lacking is you get repeat missions often. Hope more missions come in the future."
,Recommended,503560,30147280,Posted: 24 February,all,kiraman,"Very interesting, intense gameplay, some levels are very difficult but overall fun to play.Does get quite repetitive in further levels with the same problems coming up again and again, but would definitely recommend for anyone who wants a casual strategy game!"
,Recommended,503560,30147321,Posted: 24 February,all,DRodders,"A great resource management game. DLC on day one is annoying however, and detracts from the base experience."
76561198011327791,Recommended,503560,30147736,Posted: 24 February,all,bgchvy87=US=,Just played a quick free game of it. Totally digging it so far. Its kinda of sureal when you can dispatch calls in cities you know and have been in. Look forward to logging more hours on this game. Future plans for the game I think would make it very capable to be made into a mobile app game.
76561198066136893,Recommended,503560,30145480,Posted: 24 February,all,soldier5678,I want to enjoy this game in Korean. It is too difficult to speak in English or other languages.
76561198053106261,Recommended,503560,30145498,Posted: 24 February,all,lordribble,Just played around with it for few hours. So far so good. Game slows down when lots going on for brief moment. Other wise great game
,Recommended,503560,30145998,Posted: 24 February,all,TrakTark,+calls are really well done ...+the feeling that you are really in the role of operator-background sounds while you are on duty are continuously repeated+game has good and easy controlsI have one question will in other cities new weapons? vehicles?and how cities can be found for example ..... .... Prague Bratislava Vienna .... ..... maybe it's there and I'm just stupid: Dsorry for google translate....i am bad in english
76561198027823559,Recommended,503560,30146126,Posted: 24 February,all,Officer_Bro,"I am a Police Officer, Fire Fighter, and an EMT and I have been really enjoying this game. Lots of different types of callouts. I really like that you can play in any city or town in the world. I live in a small town in MN and its able to find it. One thing that would be cool is if you could move the stations around so they match up with where they are in real life."
76561198033160998,Recommended,503560,30150605,Posted: 24 February,all,stormwlf555,"I like it alot.theres calls and dispatching, plus what your units see on the road.you can also set up units and teams when you earn money"
,Recommended,503560,30154437,Posted: 24 February,all,Antonio,Obviously there is going to be bugs on the first day of release. But other than some minor bugs this game is awesome!
76561198086211844,Recommended,503560,30151916,Posted: 24 February,all,khaotickayin,first ;) find it Pretty fun so far.
,Recommended,503560,30155123,Posted: 24 February,all,patrickov,"Definitely a bargain for what it offers.  Excellent gameplay and interface, realistic dialogues, and really challenging whenever you start out in a new city.The only drawback I found so far is that in mid-to-late game I have to move vehicles around before starting a day.  It seems the game map has default locations for teams."
76561198154184409,Recommended,503560,30157060,Posted: 24 February,all,TruckerDj,Awesome game!!! Nice work!
76561198137226816,Recommended,503560,30156423,Posted: 24 February,all,"Mike ""LGBBQ"" Pence",It would be nice if they added different calls (it gets boring after awhile). I do love that you can play as any city. I think it was worth what I paid however I don't see myself playing this much more than I have already unless they add more.
76561198044923393,Recommended,503560,30156828,Posted: 24 February,all,Mushueshue,"Very clean, simple and fun game! However I can see it getting a little repetitive after a while... I would only play this to kill time really."
,Recommended,503560,30150288,Posted: 24 February,all,HePtiK,This game is very addictive as i played about 4h in one day. It very fun but can get slightly repetitive. It can get very tense at times.Overall I find this game very fun and  realistic you have to make the right choices at the right time. Can't wait for some of the updates for this game as it's first release is amazing if they can I hope they can remove some of the repetitive  of it.
76561198216016193,Recommended,503560,30156209,Posted: 24 February,all,ifunny is 4 normies,pretty good overall but a little repetitive
76561198018672624,Recommended,503560,30155415,Posted: 24 February,all,Zephyros,"Bought this game start playing. Got a call of of a kid needing help with her math, talked 5 minutes with her while a house collapsed !11/10 would do it again !Started playing, released i played for 6 hours straigth ! Great game"
,Recommended,503560,30155452,Posted: 24 February,all,Chip,"With my 3 Hours of play time, I have to say it is fun, Although, It seems to fall short with the callouts, As they seem to repeat themselves just with different audio wording. Bigger maps would be awesome(Yes i know you can add your own, i mean playable area) And multiplayer would be a plus."
,Recommended,503560,30155473,Posted: 24 February,all,jeyrivera89,"Well, this is an interesting game so far. It reminds me of an old ATC game that i used to play. I like it  thus far."
,Recommended,503560,30143764,Posted: 24 February,all,BennyBoy168,"Great game and alot of fun but some bugs, not alot. Really good!"
76561198056515260,Recommended,503560,30142122,Posted: 24 February,all,arw,"Bardzo ciekawa i wbrew pozorom wymagająca produkcja, z czego ciekawym oraz świetnym pomysłem było wstawienie w formie treściwej instrukcji wyjaśnienia jak postępować w różnych sytuacjach oraz jak np. opatrywać złamania i podobne. Formowanie zespołów jest proste, a mechanika intuicyjna, a pod koniec zmiany dostajemy podsumowanie naszego dzieła z informacją co można było zrobić lepiej.Świetna pozycja dla każdego oraz wg. mnie coś co powinno trafić do szkół w ramach nauczania o 1 pomocy.Really interesting and, contary to apperances, demanding game with great idea in mind, especially with putting in simple form the rules of behavior in case something happends. Forming teams and the game mechanic are simple, also at the end of our shift we're getting summary with informations about what we could do better.From my point of view, this is great game for everyone and something that should be used in school.p.s. I just hope for more missions, f. eg. truck/passenger plane crashes with multiple injuries, forest fires (characteristic for some regions), etc."
76561197972262944,Recommended,503560,30143809,Posted: 24 February,all,lXXPunish3rXXl,"911 OperatorShort Review:So far, I am really enjoying this game. The graphics are basic but very crisp and very clean. The UI is good from what I can see. The 911 Calls are good, I feel like what I imagine a 911 goes through trying to figure out what to dispatch. The voice acting is good to boot, although I feel that the 911 calls aren't frantic sounding enough most of the time. Most sound calm and collected even while facing great peril. Another sound “thing” I wish was included was a sound bite of a service arriving at scene…this would have been a great feature that I know the game would have benefited greatly from that has been left out.My only other “issue” I have with the game is the lack of towing support. I have had accidents that block the road and instead of sending a tow truck you send a fire truck, which seems annoyingly odd. I have never seen a fire truck towing a car nor have I ever seen fire fighters fixing cars to drive them out of way to open traffic. This is probably my biggest gripe with this great game. It would easily be fixed with adding either a sub contracted towing company or even having (big cities have this) a police tow truck that can tow vehicles away. **UPDATE** I just had another call that would be handled much better with a ""technical"" type service rather than a fire department. This game really needs a technical class, they could even color it yellow :)All in all, so far this is an excellent game that I am thoroughly enjoying and I am looking forward to the many hours ahead. Will update this review at a later time. I just wanted to get something out there as I feel this game warrants (no pun intended) a positive review to help get it going as I fear that this might be an under rated game."
76561198009960007,Recommended,503560,30144070,Posted: 24 February,all,Fodder123,"First played soon after release.Very absorbing simulator, A tast of real situations that never stop gives a real insite to the demands placed on all emergency units and staff.Shows a real insight on how boguss callers put real lifes a risk and creat Real problems to the service's.Top Ranking 5 star from Me. Try it Guy's & be cool.."
76561198031134708,Recommended,503560,30143214,Posted: 24 February,all,gunswat,Been wanting this for so long and it was well worth the wait a tiny bit repetive but I still love it well done all involved.
76561197970353257,Recommended,503560,30143085,Posted: 24 February,all,Bjoern,"A cute little game about handling emergency services. The narrative blurbs are repetetive, given the low price it is still recommendable."
,Recommended,503560,30147925,Posted: 24 February,all,│SheriffMario│,"Played this game for 2 and a half hours. Game is very fun, but I see how this will get repetitive quickly. I have alot of the same cases over and over again. But if they keep adding content throughout the following months, It's going to be a great game!"
,Recommended,503560,30148053,Posted: 24 February,all,I_like_cookies,Got a lady to sniff on her meth cook husbands suspicious ingredients followed by her coughing and a loud thud10/10
76561198283217663,Recommended,503560,30209343,Posted: 26 February,all,ray_rockwood,"So far I'm definitely enjoying this unique game.  The fact that you can import maps from actual cities is really cool.  The tutorial could be a little better, but after a few games you'll figure it out on your own."
,Recommended,503560,30315131,Posted: 4 March,all,MR.ENiGMA,"this is an amazing game, but i wish for more incedents and more vehicles and gear for all the firemen, police, and paramedics. But othere then that its an amazing game i love it."
76561198186690823,Recommended,503560,30312981,Posted: 4 March,all,yvesrow1,"Excellent early access product. Some calls are repetitious with different outcomes, there's definitely room to improve.Adding another 50 call variatons, more vehicles and a better refined sandbox will complete this title nicely."
76561198147103948,Recommended,503560,30317031,Posted: 4 March,all,Johoo,Very interesting game.
76561198035738073,Recommended,503560,30317131,Posted: 4 March,all,deClaude,"With my own bit of experience in the firefighting and security services, I can confirm that the game mechanics and scenarios are quite simplistic, but I still enjoy this wonderful piece of infotainment game.I like the fact that the game gives you useful tips for real life emergency situations, and it's helping me to improve the knowledge of streets and layout of my hometown.I'd like to point out that there is quite some room for improvement though, and I sincerely hope that there will be an update to add more scenarios and to remove some rare but annoying bugs I've encountered:- 'ignore' sometimes is the only option to end a call and continue the game (thereby losing a lot of reputation points)- At some point I was unable to change the speed of the game (not paused at that time) and realized that the time for my units 'on scene' didn't pass at all, which led me to forfeit that round of dutyI usually don't buy games over 10€ on Steam, but I don't regret it."
,Recommended,503560,30291105,Posted: 2 March,all,SovietJew | skinhub.com,"This is a very good game, teaches you what to do if you actually see someone bleeding, etc etc.You can see how a 911 Operator works. [I know it's just a game, but it really is pretty realistic, atleast for me]You gotta have some kind of strategy, not just taking all the vehicles and putting them at one place.This really is a good game, If you like strategy games and you also like 911 Operators, this is the game for you."
76561198190710127,Recommended,503560,30370087,Posted: 7 March,all,aubergine18,"You can download map of your own city/town and play on that, with accurate road map and emergency service buildings!Plenty of vehicles and equipment to choose from, and deployments get increasingly more chaotic. Just wait 'till you get an earthquake!Very unique game, very well implemented. Easy to learn but provides plenty of fun (even if the phone calls get a bit repetitive as others have mentioned). Hours of your life will vanish!Works great on my ancient iMac with 512MB GT 640M graphics.Missing limbs/10 - would definitely get trapped in industrial machinery again!"
,Recommended,503560,30369666,Posted: 7 March,all,TAW | kwahamoT,"This game is brilliant. It can become quite hectic and have to manage your resources efficently. It really does represent what it is like in real life. There is a lot of content at the moment and unfotunately, they have already added ""DLC"" which you have to pay a bit more for but it does add a lot to the game. I just wish this was added already.One downside is that the calls start repeating themselves pretty quick. While the voice acting is mediocre (Some better than others) the calls will start repeating itself. Possibly updates in the future will add more calls adding to the immersion.One massive pro about this game is that you are able to play in any town & city you want. You can play in your hometown if you wanted.Overall, the management side of things are execellent. The graphics are completly fine for what this game is. I have ran into no issues what so ever. The voice acting is fine, although could have some extra work done to it. The calls start repeating themselves a couple hours in however, I am not bothered by this. Lots of things to do however, there is more if you buy the DLC (Which should of been in the game to begin with)."
,Recommended,503560,30309177,Posted: 3 March,all,Nato1624,"I would highly recommend this game for anyone willing to strain their brain by multi tasking and priority tasking units, this becomes a rather difficult game the futher the citys you advance and i would advise playing similar games to strengthen your multi tasking ablity.All in all this game should boast more DLC's and espically multi player, think about it where each person gets the same amount of units and is able to support the other person and the more players there are the more difficult it becomes. It should also support mods as well as a longer story line because you could smash this out in a matter of a day. not good enough for a game of this age."
76561198079691259,Recommended,503560,30321224,Posted: 4 March,all,Ghaag,The UI is ugly and the game quickly repetitive even with the DLC. However the concept is attractive and the game defitnitly addictive.
,Recommended,503560,30321400,Posted: 4 March,all,Kota,"Well, after about a week of playing it, I've found some of the calls to be repetitive. I really do enjoy it how ever."
76561198130830434,Recommended,503560,30342312,Posted: 5 March,all,oscar.hbg5,"Well, like many say, it gets repitive pretty fast. But i think the game is good, it's intreseting, have good overview over the gameplan and you decide what resources to send. But there are still room for improvement. More calls, more big events, e.g San Fransancio. 3,5/5"
,Recommended,503560,30341568,Posted: 5 March,all,micanip009,"I have only just purchased 911 Operator, but I am really enjoying the experience of been able to dispatch medical services in a virtual simulation enviroment. I must be honest however and mention that allot of the same 911 calls come through. It would be nice to see more, however as the game is new I am sure there are more to come.Living in Australia, however listening to calls and dispatching emergency services from 911 as an Operator in a virtual enviroment, allot of the calls seem quite realistic. I even like how you really have to use your head to complete 911 calls. The fact that this game is so well layed out, I think it is great!!Will continue to play, and be on the lookuot for updates as they become available.Highly Recomend!"
76561198066897953,Recommended,503560,30323831,Posted: 4 March,all,Icy_Belle,"Really a fun and compared to what I have played before very different game that also does have some educational value about injury treatment, behaviour in catastrophes and such. It does get a bit repeatitive eventually sadly with some emergencies repeating a bit too often maybe. Still I can't say that I have grown bored in the slightest with so far 13 hours.Definitely worth the purchase in my eyes, even if the DLC thing did rub me the wrong way."
,Recommended,503560,30323866,Posted: 4 March,all,SovietCheese,love it ther some bugs but thay are not a big problem
76561198206278651,Recommended,503560,30336059,Posted: 5 March,all,The Dominator,"A very thoughtful and fun game. Since many have said how good this game is, I'll just name a few minor imperfections.So first of all their aren't a variety of incidents. Second of all the dialects could be expanded. But overall this game gives a pleasent experience, not worth the price though... Should be 12 bucks, I suggest you wait and buy it when it's on sale.IT TRUE THAT YOU CAN PLAY AT ANY CITY ON THE WORLD! I EVEN FOUND A SMALL TOWN IN CHINA WHICH ISN'T EVEN KNOW FOR THE LOCALS! Though my fire departments and hospitals are nowhere to be seen within the area that I have control of. I recommand you play with a big city for it has a lot of police stations, hospitals and fire departments."
,Recommended,503560,30324832,Posted: 4 March,all,zach919,Fantastic game!
76561198268814815,Recommended,503560,30326292,Posted: 4 March,all,Pro_Splooger_69_420 | Gandom.com,Best strategy game on steam
,Recommended,503560,30270404,Posted: 1 March,all,blausol,"A fun resource management game if taken in short bursts, sporting a slick user interace.The highlight of the game is clearly the 911 call interactions but there are so few scripted scenarios you'll repeatedly go through the same dialog interactions within the first 30 minutes of play.  This lack of content also applies to the resource management aspects of the game which it sorely needs; having taken a look at the contents of the paid DLC it feels a little cheeky that this wasn't part of the main game.Basically if your interested in the game's concept it's worth a punt, just be mindful it's a bare bones experience.// EDIT //Several more hours in and my view of the game is just a tad less positive. Unlocking new levels in career mode is very grindy and doesn't offer anything interesting as a reward. The only level worth playing was San Fran due to the only occurance of a map wide event (i.e. earthquake). To make the game more interesting/challenging map wide events should be supported on every map.If your playing using a Family Sharing setup (i.e. 2 accounts on the same machine), note the game doesn't support profile specific save accounts so you will in fact be sharing the same save file. Achievements are still collected as normal."
76561198025734428,Recommended,503560,30339631,Posted: 5 March,all,Plover,"I'm going to recommend this game with a huge caveat: It's worth about $10 max and you're only going to get 1-2 of playtime out of it before you become bored out of your mind. If $15 for 2 hours is a fair price to you then get it because the playtime you do get is pretty fun.Details: Hopefully more content comes out because while it is in theory a fun game, it gets repetitive within the first 30 minutes. You respond to the same 4-5 calls over and over again with the exception of one or two unique ones per level. I've started getting impatient because all I need is to hear/read the first couple words of a call to know who to send and how many but it forces me to sit through the person talking which makes me want to smack my head against my desk.What I think needs to happen is have the repetitive calls be purely text-based and more varied. Like, those are the ones that tie up my fleet and make it difficult to focus on the unique, voice-acted calls.Also you never really get the chance to build up your fleet because the second you hit X amount of reputation you are prompted to move on to the next city. Sure, you can stay put but why? To listen to the same 4-5 calls over and over and over again only to lose it all on the next level? Might as well move on in the hopes of getting to one new call or event you haven't heard a thousand times. I haven't even reached the point of ever purchasing a nice vehicle or police dogs because there is no point. By the time I have the money to buy a cheap, basic cop car it's reset to $2000 and start over.There needs to be incentive to continue playing your current city - like unlocking operator tools to carry over. Start me with an outdated, problematic system and let me work my way up to something glossy and high-tech!"
76561198197262334,Recommended,503560,30187814,Posted: 25 February,all,Dark Realism,"It's a great game considering the amount I payed for. It's basic, it's fun, but can be stressful at times. If you like micromanaging and dispatching, I recommend you check it out. So far the only problem I found while playing, is the fact that there is to many of the same calls. Soon after awhile you will start to notice the same type of callouts. Other than that, it's a great game for $14.99!"
,Recommended,503560,30190906,Posted: 26 February,all,MatthijsDJ,"I'd like the idea of this game, it's clean and simple but the gameplay is great. Gives you nice tips for handling in emergency situations. Off course you won't feel the real stress that a 911 operator has; but having a phone call from a dad who just found his passed away daughter gave me a sense what these operator sometimes have to deal with.Pros:Nice gameplayCheap (even without the reduction)Cons:Some minor bugsMight become repetitive"
76561198026236139,Recommended,503560,30178360,Posted: 25 February,all,Regen752,"As someone who enjoys games about emergency services I was interested when this popped up in upcoming releases. I was hopeful but cautious, however I'm glad I chose to give this one a chance as I've found it very enjoyable.Pro's:+Not overly complex UI+Customizable Teams/Vehicle Crew+Buy and distrubute equipment to your team+Buying vehicles (I recommend the dlc for more cars/equipment)+911 Calls are voiced and require intuition sometimes+Different maps (essentially higher diffculty with higher population)+While some 911 calls are the same problem they can vary in what is happening (injured, weapons, when it happened etc)Neutral:~More voiced 911 would be good to give more variety (Can hear the same 911 more than once per duty)~The game is fairly simplistic, I personally have a preference for complexity (I hope the success of this inspires other devs to make a more detailed addition to the genre other than the crumbled emergency series)Con's:-Some bugs (developer replied to one I reported and said it'd be fixed next patch)-Can't seem to send police back to stations, as they tend to wander off from the area you want them to be sometimes-Again more voiced 911 calls to add more variety-Can't seem to view who is in which vehicle during game, I think this may matter as some personnel have higher ranks, experience and equipment"
76561198003425277,Recommended,503560,30177798,Posted: 25 February,all,Attila[DK],"Wonderfully boyish 911 feeling. Some of the events are really scary :-) and some are just lame. Most of the time, I enjoy playing it! I can become a bit repetitative - more phone calls would be fun. Sometimes its difficult to figure out what to do with a case. I would like to have ""identificers"" on unit markers, so that I can identify Unit 7,8,9,10. I usually have one ""tank"" policecar for when needing to resolve to violence, and I cant always identify it, cause two cars are identifical. A bit annoying. Lots of fun getting to know the game and the cities.I really look forward to more equipment and more cities. Played the entire day the first day I had the game! Gosh! I am 10 again :-)"
76561198035657396,Recommended,503560,30176771,Posted: 25 February,all,regis902,"Great game at a great price!  A fun, simple way to burn the hours away."
76561198105644714,Recommended,503560,30285240,Posted: 2 March,all,ntswimmer93,"Overall great game to play! I love that you can load a real city anywhere and play with real police and fire stations as well as real hosptial locations. Pretty accurate, however I would like to mention not all fire houses and police stations appear where they should be (a map editor option would be clutch). As a real life LEO I was pretty disapointed that officers were only allowed to carry two objects, so it was either wearing a vest and having their service weapon or having less leathal means or having access to long weapons. It makes the game challenging however it takes away the realism in the game. It gives me a ton of respect for our dispatchers, we never see on duty but they play a role in every call we respond to (not to mention all the b.s. calls they have to put up with that are never dispatched). Great to play and it's worth the money."
76561198141994822,Recommended,503560,30289186,Posted: 2 March,all,CANADIAN_AMBASSADOR,Caller calls 911 because of neighbours loud TVSays kids cant sleepPolice respond find neighbour deadInform caller ....... kids now to scared to sleepMoral: caller killed neighbour by not calling 911 earlier10/10 would scare kids again
,Recommended,503560,30289347,Posted: 2 March,all,blu,Very fun and addicting
,Recommended,503560,30275309,Posted: 2 March,all,Brooklyn,"911 Operator is a really cool game because:Your are able to play in EVERY city in the world, at first I was uninshored if it would really be possible but then I typed in the name of a really small city and it downloaded and I was able to coordinate in that city.It places you into the shoes of a real 911 Operator, it does not always have serious calls witch makes the game even more realistic.You have a Carrer mode where you sadly cant choose your own citys but it is still a lot of fun to play, it gets more complicated from time to time, you get earthquackes terrorism and much more.I have only played this game for a few hours but I can deffenatly tell that I will spend a lot of time into 911 Operator, it hooked my from the beginning and everytime I start playing I dont want to stop.The DLC does add some new Vehicles and tools to the game, I would recommend buying it when you are interessted in sending out Bulletproof Vans, a ton of different Helicopters and a lot more cool things."
,Recommended,503560,30157496,Posted: 24 February,all,XxMisterRxX,I like this game. It's a good game and i will play hours and hours
,Recommended,503560,30152101,Posted: 24 February,all,Biohazard2191,Incredible game. Takes management to a new level. Lovely deal for being released on the same day. Would reccomend this to anyone to enjoy.
76561198115939810,Recommended,503560,30154886,Posted: 24 February,all,BabyWithAGun,100% Reccomend
,Recommended,503560,30255458,Posted: 28 February,all,John Wick,Some minor bugs exist :scibear: but the game is very playable still and addicting.
,Recommended,503560,30254419,Posted: 28 February,all,ODA-951 Morelli,As a firefighter I always wanted to know what 911 operators go through on a daily basis. The hectic call volume and morbid 911 calls can be very strenious however I am certain this game doesn't depict every 911 operating center or the actual job itself but it's always fun to imagine and kind of play in their shoes.
76561198163965625,Recommended,503560,30253854,Posted: 28 February,all,ZombiegirlHT,Fun game! I really like it! Does get start to repeat after awhile Hopefully they will Add more to the game! Possible add more professions such as morge or road workers. They have a super good game! I hope they keep going!
76561197982670688,Recommended,503560,30254060,Posted: 28 February,all,obiewon,Had a girl shoot her ex after he broke into her house. Had a drunk woman say she was in love with me and resolved a hostage situation by pretending I was a pizzaria. very detailed 10/10
,Recommended,503560,30267151,Posted: 1 March,all,Techno,"This is game showcases exactly what an Indie game should be!The game run's smooth, I'm yet to have found any running issues. It's very addictive and time consuming which is great for the price tag, well worth it.PROS. Unit management. Easy to get the hang off. New cities to explore. Realistic AI responses on 911 calls.CONS. Not much unit variety.. 911 Calls are very repetitive.Seeing as this is the 1.00 build, i'm very hopefull the dev's will add more content in the near future to keep the game fresh and fun to play. All in All, well worth the money."
,Recommended,503560,30266521,Posted: 1 March,all,Ellipsis_Gaming,"Got this game in the release sale and have thorougly enjoyed it so far.PROS:Multiple quality dialogsEasy controls but with a good degree of difficulty.The ability to play any town or cityCONS:I would like the addition of a pure sandbox mode (unlimited money and resources) or at least very relaxed funds.I would like to seee more dialogs in the future with more situationsI would like more units available (bomb squad, riot trucks)Conclusion:A very good game that can be thoroughly enjoyed for a good price."
76561198005777386,Recommended,503560,30241954,Posted: 28 February,all,Radox,"Pretty addictive. Good potential. Need to add more 911 call variation. At its core its a casual point and click, but there are just enough layers of complexity as you progress through the career to keep it interesting and can get quite stressful when the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan! I'd love to see this game opened up to community mods.(actual) Without community mods 7/10(notional) With community mods 9/10"
76561197970754770,Recommended,503560,30218736,Posted: 27 February,all,Ardbug,"Awesome nice and fresh game, I like this one a lot."
,Recommended,503560,30218864,Posted: 27 February,all,StarshipUK,"Quite enjoyable but easy (thinking this game is difficult to balance making it either too easy to too hard) and think it will have limited replay appeal. The only real challenge so far has been the earthquake in the san francisco map where things went manic as a result. The other maps in career could do with more major disasters to add to the challenge.Just noticed there is already a DLC for this, but think that DLC should have really been included in the base game and would be better to add DLC to add extra campaign and emergency dialogue.There are a few bugs which are annoying, but do not totally spoil gameplay but hopefully these will be resolved in future updates. Specifically units do not always go to emergencies, but will go close to them requiring to send them to the emergency destination again to make it the last few feet. More of a problem when going for a moving vehicle and police will drive past them.The dialogue of emegencies is also limited, but hopefully this will be increased in the future. The most common one seems to be the bloke with the upset stomach which happens really frequently, and gets a bit annoying.Being able to play this in your local city is a nice feature, and can add difficulty if it has limited hospitals and police stations like mine does."
76561198046775018,Not Recommended,503560,30230079,Posted: 27 February,all,Onyx_Gamer,"Unfortunately I couldn't even play the game. It kept trying to convert Map Data or downloading maps. Left the game up for 20 minutes, wouldn't finish. Tried restarting. Nothing. Oh well looked cool!"
76561198273223306,Recommended,503560,30238708,Posted: 28 February,all,Wannabe Jimmy,Great game
,Recommended,503560,30242395,Posted: 28 February,all,Fluff,"23.5 hours into this game and I think I'm done for now.Very enjoyable, however, as others have said, much more content is needed.Some interesting events in the career mode that don't come up in free play and they happen too early in the career for you to feel like you have enough resources to handle with ease. In career you never spend long enough in each city to feel like your moving forwards and even with each city having a different load-out and starting cash, you don't take anything with you which makes it feel like your hitting the reset button before you've had a change to really ramp up your game.Definitely needs more varied calls and more disaster events to deal with. Interface could do with some improvement  too such as the ability to rename and reorder your assets prior to starting the shift. For example, I had one police van with a bomb disposal robot and one with a police dog but there was no way to tell which was which from the duty interface other then remembering the generic unit numbering. Also, when you have a large number of units deployed you can't group by service which means you have to scroll up and down the whole like to find a free unit in an emergency.The utility items themselves seem a bit pointless, having a first aid kit on a police officer lets them perform first aid slightly faster but they seem to carry our first aid without one and carrying it means giving up either a firearm or a vest as they only have two slots. Would have been nice to include a vehicle slot for things like the first aid kit and the computer so I can still have my ultimate team of police bad-asses for breaking up those pesky student parties.I think the modding community could have a great time here and really help flesh out the game content.I've spent almost 24 enjoyable hours playing this game and I bought the base game + DLC. I understand the DLC content was part of a Kickstarter reward so I don't begrudge paying a little extra for it.TLDR: The developer has promised more content as part of free updates, which is great, but even if this was all there was I believe I've gotten enough hours out of it for the price - and I will be back playing again. Mods will maketh the game."
76561198035384890,Recommended,503560,30235120,Posted: 27 February,all,EdgingNothing,I think this game a lot. Its a nice game to relax and play. I haven't played a ton but right now I can say if there could be more of a variety in phone calls because it is very repetative.
76561198010264883,Recommended,503560,31086897,Posted: 11 April,all,DestroXV,Casual fun. Some of the calls made me lol.
76561198354904101,Recommended,503560,30174488,Posted: 25 February,all,Raccoon,i have been waiting for a game like this for a long time i am so happy some one made this game u get all kinds of calls prank calls all calls its a great game i am so happy and its so cheep if u dident buy this game u need to buy it and i got the DLC oh man the DLC is the best too no Lag in the game at all thats the best part u need to buy the game u are missing out on all the fun  and great work guys cant wait for more DLC
76561198004885688,Recommended,503560,30301148,Posted: 3 March,all,Nurbo89,"Good but I feel like it could have been more. . .  game play is interesting events habit at random and u have make moves quick before things get worse.  Feel like they hit the mark but there are so many more things they could have added to make this game make it just amazing.  Equimant was lacking for your people not to mention there was no differentiation from one cop squad to another besides there vehicle care copacity and that abblies to the medical and fire departments to.  If they had added more diversity in there events (car chases, bank roberies, amber alerts) also more diversity in teams (swat , first reponders for example), and lastly more voice calls where a must after mplaying a map once or twice u had heard all that map has to offer. . .. .  I the end I still rate it a solid 2.5 out 5 give it ago if u have nothing else to play and ur looking for a cheap game."
76561198164434595,Recommended,503560,30331539,Posted: 4 March,all,draccojr1998,"Played this game for 5 minutes and fell in love!!! Verry realistic! Will be playing much, much more!!!"
,Not Recommended,503560,30230365,Posted: 27 February,all,Aramanthius,"It is the exact same thing over and over again. The handful of 911 calls and requests are just repeatative and offer no major deviation to the gameplay. Once the first few lines of the phone call have been established, you know exactly what to send and why making it a complete grind.I did like the ability to download your local town/city or any other, That was absolutely amazing. Just not enough content to keep up."
76561198257895408,Recommended,503560,30230767,Posted: 27 February,all,( P.O.W) SEE NO EVIL,good game so realistic  really puts you in the shoes of our medical emergancy departments  worth buying might take time to get use to but very addictive
76561198007238278,Recommended,503560,30230802,Posted: 27 February,all,Vonluck,"A fun little game. A bit repetitive, but I am sure the job is as well. The endless variety of maps helps improve replayability, and the campaign wrinkles made each duty unique and fun.Would buy again."
76561198021921469,Recommended,503560,30250979,Posted: 28 February,all,WWA,"Would I recommend it? Yes.Is it stupid repetitive? Yes. Please, can we get an option to mute the calls coming in. It is so repetitive I am getting aggravated playing this game. Or maybe we can get way more scenarios going on or something.Good concept, needs way more content to be ""worth it""UPDATE 3/2Still playing this game.. It is freaking addicting! I am still seeing the same calls but some different ones that I have not seen before which is really nice. I love that I can be in any city/town."
,Recommended,503560,30273790,Posted: 1 March,all,Abilify,This game is great fun. However there are some glitchs like your cars will go off road or they will get stuck on nothing. But still great fun.
,Recommended,503560,30274019,Posted: 1 March,all,Ingty22,A really nice game to play during your free time! So much potential! I've played a little over an hour and I'm hooked. Only reason I've stopped for the moment is because I have exams tomorrow. The option of playing in an city in the world is a big plus! Though I guess there's a glitch where I can't find the address of an incident even when the caller tells me where it is. But i'm sure it'll be fixed soon enough. I would recommend this game 100%. Go ahead. You wont regret it!
76561197994486693,Recommended,503560,30291741,Posted: 3 March,all,ADF-Snake,"Very fun game, would recommend grabbing it if you're into RTS like games. Only encountered one bug so far but otherwise everything runs great and I'm having a blast. 8/10"
76561198143394635,Recommended,503560,30292077,Posted: 3 March,all,scdan,9/10Should add some simple tweaks to the UI. One for example is who is in what car when they are out in the field. Also if they are able to have an ETA counter on the units en route to the location. GREAT GAME with only a few flaws but otherwise simple and perfect.
,Recommended,503560,30296466,Posted: 3 March,all,Minexo123,I Love This Game And It Just Shows How Much Hard Work The Operators Put In To There Job
76561198072019857,Recommended,503560,30294693,Posted: 3 March,all,Biostalker,"fun little time waster, suprisingly a very well made game, not my normal cup of tea but i have found myself spending long streches on this game.... 10/10"
,Recommended,503560,30231199,Posted: 27 February,all,Tactical Diesel,"Very good game, would recommend it to anybody.It would be good to add an ""Unlimited Mode"" where your on duty all the time and the game never ends."
76561198009316076,Recommended,503560,30272144,Posted: 1 March,all,The Matlock,"Oh, well this game was quite the surprise to me. I'm not a huge fan of this style of game, but something about it just caught my eye and I bought it totally on impulse. But why is that? Well, let's break it on down.The game consists of two parts, the first being a management phase where you assign which emergency vehicles you'll have at your disposal, fill those vehicles with staff members, and assign those staff members equipment. Now of course this is all based on how much money you have; you won't have much at your disposal immediately so you'll need to earn it as you play, by resolving emergencies properly and not screwing up and letting people die.The bulk of the game is when you start your 'duty' which is about 10 minutes of play that you can't pause, and during which time you fulfill your role as a 911 operator and handle emergencies. You'll have various random incidents that pop up on the map; things like broken bones, heart attacks, childbirth, domestic disputes, parking violations, loud parties, rapes, home invasions, cats stuck in trees, and fires, just to name a few of them. Each one is color coded (blue for police, red for fire, white for medic) so you send the vehicles to the destination and hopefully they are able to resolve it, and for the most part they can, but sometimes police might need backup, fires might need extra hands to put it out, or maybe there just needs to be additonal transportation for injured people or criminals. It's your call on how you get everything resolved.But the more interesting part of this are fully voiced 911 calls, based on real life ones. There are numerous ones, with some unfortunately repeating a bit too often. Some of the calls, although having the same dialogue, will feature different voice actors in some cases. You even get a choice of how to respond to these calls. Do you dismiss the guy with the stomach ache and tell him to go to the doctor, or send him an ambulance? Do you tell that person who reported an unconcious man on the sidewalk to just leave him, or send someone to check on him? And there are some more, well, emotional calls that I won't spoil here. Needless to say, they are a treat and are a major source of enjoyment.However by far the biggest feature and selling point of the game has to be the map system. Now, there is a ""Career Mode"" which puts you on specific maps in several cities in the USA, asking you to play them over and over to accumulate a number of points to progress to the next one. However you can skip all of that and go right into the ""Free Play"" mode and you can look up your city,, yes, your home city (or town) and that map can be what you use to play the game with. You still get the same sorts of calls and incidents, but you'll be watching the vehicles travel in your city, with addresses for the various calls being from that city. I live in a small-ish town on the eastern side of an island on the eastern coast of Canada, and I was able to find my town and our nearby city. So you should be able to find your city easily.I got this game on Sunday and have over 12 hours into it as of today, which is Wednesday. It's very addicting but it miay not be for everyone. I do recommend you buy it and try it out, at least in the free play mode. I doubt you'll regret it."
,Recommended,503560,30272220,Posted: 1 March,all,That Nightingale,"Although I have played this game for only 36 minutes, I recommend this piece to others. If you like imagining yourself working for the Police or any other Emergency Service Force, this is a game for you! Although it has some typos here and there, it is still worth buying. This game made me feel like I was actually a 911 Operator, and made my feel like I had actually sent out Emergency Services to peoples' aid.10/10 Would Be Operator Again"
76561198063968057,Recommended,503560,30277910,Posted: 2 March,all,5N1P3R5H0T,"This is a well developed game. While playing this, during some of the calls I can feel the intensity with it. Granite, it's nothing like an actual dispatcher, but you can get a glimpse of what they go through. From things not serious, to things very serious. Great job to the developers on this game. Y'all did a good job."
76561198362496577,Recommended,503560,30287571,Posted: 2 March,all,Danny,Really good game! relaxing and chilled out to play. Would recommand it to anyone :D
,Recommended,503560,30287902,Posted: 2 March,all,!gиïšÂłïэиuš®,"I would recommend this game in its current state, although it could use some improvements here and there, which is as expected for a new game.... but it sounds like the devs know what's needed and plan to put out updates and DLCs.As it sits now you are able to play the role of a 911 operator by taking calls and choosing which ones need units dispatched and which ones can be ignored, like accidentally calling 911.  At the same time, you also have to take into account that someone may be a hostage and can't talk directly about the incident, and if you don't take your questioning far enough you won't figure out they're a hostage and you will miss the incident.  At the time of writing this I'm sitting at 14 hours of gameplay and I could see myself playing up to around 25-30 hours before getting bored mostly due to reoccur incidents and lack of some key features to be talked about next.I think some necessary items the devs should consider working on to allow players to log endless hours of gameplay would be as follows:-More incidents and a wider variety to each incident-The need to be able to play smaller more localized towns and suburbs.  I can't play where I live because it's just out of reach of two cities.-Ability to save the starting locations of units for each deployment-Bigger dispatch areas-And to drive it over the top they should look into integrating voice commands over a microphone.  For ex: ""Unit 3, Unit 8, Engine 12, Medic 2, respond to Motor vehicle incident at 123 Some street""I know that last one is a stretch but I feel it would add that extra feeling of being a dispatcher and drive the game way over the top.  And if these features were to come out as paid DLCs reasonably priced for the content in them, then I would definitely buy them."
,Recommended,503560,30292786,Posted: 3 March,all,TiganelCrash DAUPTPUMPUM,"Very good game, 10/10 for u guys!"
,Recommended,503560,30292217,Posted: 3 March,all,oisergg,Love it.I have to say that it's very well ogranised and the map download feature is fantastic!Keep up the good work :D
76561197983966651,Recommended,503560,30285952,Posted: 2 March,all,Bad Mullet,"Overall I enjoy this game.  I am also a 911 dispatcher so my realastic expectations are much different, but for a minor (very minor) taste of what it is like this comes close.  I would like to see the ability of adding a medic to a fire engine (I could at one time but cannot now), I would also like to see the ability of adding the data terminal to the cars versus having to take up an inventory slot on a responder.  There are a few more minor things, but it is worth the money for the entertainment."
,Recommended,503560,30286082,Posted: 2 March,all,Zeehamster,"Very nice game!If you like to play games with emergency services, this is the game you should buy!"
76561197971109655,Recommended,503560,30300005,Posted: 3 March,all,Goodspeed,"An interesting time/unit management game, it’s fun to load up your home city and watch all the chaos unfold.Even though the calls get repetitive they change so you have to listen to them every time.  For example a women will call about a kitchen fire.  One time she calls the toaster is on fire, another time it’s a grease fire.  One version you can direct her to put out the fire, another version she can't so you have to dispatch FD.Try playing different cities too, on my small town city I have the same few calls, which would be realistic.  When I load up a major city you get more calls and more variety of calls.  The voice calls seem to be the same but I would really consider that a ""mini game"" within the game, the main goal is to manage your units to respond to the calls as they come in.Any city that is listed inopenstreetmap.orgis playable but you can't adjust the size or placement the game shows, so you are limited to the city center.  For a major city like New York you are limited to Manhattan so if you want to play Brooklyn, Queens or The Bronx you are out of luck.  It would be nice to resize or pan the map to play the exact area that you want.You can assign different equipment to various units but you have to remember who was given what type of equipment for all of the units of a same type.   It would be helpful to rename units, like have a car with a police dog called K9 instead of me having to remember which police car is the officer with the police dog.  For now I've been putting certain equipment in different unit types but once you have a lot of units it’s easy to lose track of what is in each unit.I appreciate the fact that the developers included real life first aid tips during the load up screens and have taken care to present what real life 911 operators face on a daily basis.Overall I would recommend this game."
76561198156010626,Recommended,503560,30328727,Posted: 4 March,all,DannyAndIsaac,"This game is very fun. However, the DLC is manditory, and the calls become very repeatitive after only 3 hours. Also, I have expirenced 3 seperate crashes and freezes in my 4 hours of play.Amazing, but needs polish. 8/10"
76561198007887730,Recommended,503560,30355249,Posted: 6 March,all,WarWolves,"This game is really fun. It's a fast paced strategy game that will have you multitasking. The 911 calls give you multiple options to handle the situation, like for example, maybe you don't need to waste a fire engine on that fire call when you can just have the person calling put it out. I honestly would have payed $25 for this game and been happy with it.A few negative things though. There aren't that many seperate calls (there are alot of incidents, a seperate feature that kindof makes up for it) which is annoying and hopefully the developers will add more, but the calls that are in the game are very well voice acted, and there's alot of depth to them. One of the first calls you get in career mode made me actually feel like I was making life or death decisions (ok, maybe not really, but it did give me a huge rush!)I also really wish you could change the amount of calls you get in freeplay. Which is a minor gripe, but I wanted to point it out for people who might be expecting it. Actually, there really isn't much you can do to custimize this game at all, as there aren't really many options in the options menu. You get difficulty and sound options, and that's pretty much it.Either way, if you are interested enough to click on the game, I don't think you'll regret spending the $15 to get it. It's a really simple, but fun game."
76561198086096984,Recommended,503560,30155693,Posted: 24 February,all,bemosco,"Pros:Nice style and feelNice Dialogue and interactionCan get really tenseYou can play in your own city that you live in IRL (will prob not work for every single city on earth but you get the point)In freeplay you can go from Detroit to Allepo.........Cons:Pricetag seems a bit high, would pick it up on a saleCan get a little repetativeDLC already, even though it came out today.Nice game overall : 8/10 ""Sends police to deal with brat daughter"""
,Recommended,503560,31700963,Posted: 12 May,all,BenMartin {5741NL355},"One of the best games I've ever played.You can feel all the pressure, just sitting behind a screen and answering 911 calls.10/10"
76561197992677574,Recommended,503560,31693014,Posted: 11 May,all,88 Fingers,"This game is a nice way to pass the time. Its a good wayto train one eye to look at one thing and the other tolook in the opposite direction like a lizard.You get the feeling you have helped your localcommunity, by being a fat, drunk, lazy idiot sittingat your computer desk.In reality not having helped anyone whatsoever with anything.HEY! At least im ""pretending"" that im doing something constructive with my life."
,Recommended,503560,31677493,Posted: 10 May,all,mounrou,"Not perfect, but largely major-bug-free completely playable as of now (May 2017).Might be a tad too realistic though. Meaning it could get boring just doing dispatches for a while, but then suddenly ""interesting"" stuffs happen that usually mean people - YOUR people and bystanders - Are dying, and the limited budget your local government eeked out for you had been how very inefficient. (That bit was probably pretty unrealistic though: Current game seems to be OVERPAYING our budget by quite a bit. !!!=_= )Also makes you appreciate how places with less guns are, when you see a lone guy with rifle took out half your tiny police force and a medic squad, which does happen every now and then both in game and real life. !!!!!!!=_=....Worth playing if you don't mind something on the complete opposite spectrum of FPSs, and especially if you wanna know how emergency dispatches are."
76561198068818843,Recommended,503560,31676211,Posted: 10 May,all,Fightingsaint14,"Great game, wish they would add a feature to add hospitals and police stations in different locations so you can have better logistics"
,Recommended,503560,31719726,Posted: 13 May,all,Mr Sniper911,"Great game, easy to play but makes you think do i really need to do that now... what happens if....."
,Recommended,503560,31746427,Posted: 14 May,all,SRBeast18,"This game is definetely worth the $15! Not only that, but thus game is amazing! It has various unique calls, several cool situations, and even earthquakes! (And those earthquakes can get you fired...) There really aren't many flaws besides the limited amount of cities (but in free play you can just about every city in the world!). I definetely reccomend this game to anyone and everyone who wants to experience a pretty accurate simulation on how a 911 operator feels in their daily life.P.S. Multiplayer should be added, that would be SO fun!"
76561198370326633,Recommended,503560,31758490,Posted: 14 May,all,mrtnlck,I REALLY LIKE THE GAME BUT I THINK THAT THEY MAKE PURSUITS A CALL FROM COPS AND ALSO WHEN THERES A PURSIUT THEY SHOULD MAKE A BUTTION FOR THE MOUSE WHEEL TO CLICK ON THE COPS AND THERE WILL BE OPTIONTO MAKE A ROOD BLOCK.
76561198135874249,Recommended,503560,31760550,Posted: 14 May,all,Pyro Main,This is a really fun stratigy game. you need fast.some complaints are that sometimes the cars bug out and run straight to the callin stead of using the roads and the calls areally repetitive.
76561197988363089,Recommended,503560,31778399,Posted: 15 May,all,Bookworm.Annie,"This is a fun casual game, not quite worth 14.99 but im not upset i spent the money. There are a few things i would change, it would be nice if the diffrent services were color-coded so you can tell if you have a free unit that just happens to be going the same way as a diffrent unit. It would be nice if you could key bind the time so you can have better ease of control during game play. Over all this is a game worth playing."
76561197997443410,Recommended,503560,31734695,Posted: 13 May,all,Napster,"Interesting and entertaining game, but. It crashes all the time!! So frustrating!"
76561198068188363,Recommended,503560,31831402,Posted: 18 May,all,Blossom,"""911 Operator"" - one of the funniest low-budget games I've played in a while!As the name suggests, you answer 911 calls and dispatch units accordingly.  My first approach was macabre, destructive and counterproductive:  I sent ambos without body-armour into gang wars, had cops on bikes peddle all across town to get to a fire and dispatched my slowest ambulance to a severed limb, let gang wars escalate (they gotta run out of ammo eventually ....).  Told the panicked woman with the kitchen fire to bloody extinguish it herself while having a nice long chat with the kid who had their hero killed in a computer game ... I just to see what would happen if I sucked.Well, I got a whole lot of city employees and civilians injured and killed and got the sack.In this game, you have to play the hero and have to be serious about wanting to rescue people and arrest baddies.  The game does not have a career path for corrupt, lazy, or sadist♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ :pBut once you start taking it seriously, it's a great game with lots of detail""  You have a budget and have to equip your staff:  Rifle, pistol, rifle., taser or shotgun for cops?  Each unit has two equipment slots, so a cop could have a rifle and a taser, or a pistol and body armour.Some of the equipment is universal and can be used by all units (eg body armour), some is occupation specific.  So, sadly you can't equip your ambos with automatic weapons just in case. :pThey put great effort into making the calls sound real: background screaming and mayhem during a shooting, slurred babble of a lost drunk, hysteric mother who lost their kid, meowy kitten stuck in a tree, loud music in a pub brawl ..... or empty calls:  Either someone made an ♥♥♥♥♥call' sitting on their phone, or they've been kidnapped and can't talk!@  It's on you to figure out which of the two it is and react accordingly.You are in control of a range of different ambulance, police, and firefighter vehicles.  In the Collectors edition ranging from really slow police bikes to choppers.  Same for ambulances and firies, there are slow and fast vehicles.  Some vehicles can transport passengers, some can't:  Sop don't send the police bicycle to a gang war:  Even if that one copper were to survive, he couldn't stick all the arrested gangers on the back of his pushbike.  Don't send the ambulance motorbike to a plane-crash.Yes, there are plane-crashes.  Earthquakes.  Mad-bombers blackmailing the city by blowing up civilian targets ...And the best feature:You can download any bigger city for free.  Even some smaller ones.  And they all come with real street names! :DCar-crash on Adelaide Ave, loud party in Bruce (damn those students!), fire in Fyshwick - yes, you can actually play Canberra!  And you get the actual Canberra map with accurate street names being called in!For those who don't know:  Canberra is the capital of Australia, population about 350,000, very spead out, low crime rate, also referred to as ""the bush capital"".You can even play Tuggeranong (southern district within Canberra!)BUT:  Word of warning:  Just like in real life, playing a 911 operator in Canberra is not that sensational.  In New York you have gang wars erupting on different sides of the city, shootings, car-jackings, robberies .......I've played Canberra for 2h now, and THE most exciting events were rowdy drunks, a guy having a stroke, shoplifting, a car being towed outside a mall, and some speeding/red light offences.  Two of those traffic offences led to high-speed chases. Yay!Yep:  That sounds pretty much like the 'crime' reported in the news here.Sooo....... as much as I love living in Canberra, for the purpose of this game I recommend a city like New York, Los Angeles, Mexico City, Johannesburg ...... any city with a much, much higher crime/incident rate than Canberra. :PI really love that you can play cities you know: Real maps and street names gives a whole new dynamic to the game.  Or you can play cities you don't know anything about.  Like, one day I'd like to visit Aberdeen, Scotland, but let's play it for now .... I've actually been looking at a world map to find cities to play and played around with cities literally all-over the world. :DThink next I'll play Baghdad - wonder if the game portrays is the way I'd expect it to be ...Really been enjoying this game!And oh:  I spent the extra few bucks for the collector's edition including the expansion:  More vehicles, more fun.  And you wouldn't wanna miss out on a cop on a pushbike! :p"
,Recommended,503560,31832758,Posted: 18 May,all,Krakaholyknight,It good game.VERY NICE!!!!!
76561198229066956,Recommended,503560,33256260,Posted: 4 July,all,FluffyMonster l cs.money,OkJUST ♥♥♥♥ING IGNORE SOME ♥♥♥♥6/10
,Recommended,503560,33334991,Posted: 6 July,all,Xetanai,"Pretty fun for a bit. You can actually play on a map of your city.After a bit it gets repetitive. Worth the money, though."
,Recommended,503560,33337777,Posted: 7 July,all,Romeo21,"911 Operator is a fun and unique game which was recently introduced to Steam. This game teaches you how to value and manage your resources effectivly (through your own mistakes) and a general idea of how the emergency services deal with a variety of calls on a day to day basis. The game comes with a huge variety of maps, which may even be your own hometown! With around 50 calls to deal with, I hope the game can offer more calls and a more variety of units to the game in the near future. This is definitely a game to invest your money in, especially if you have a high interest in the emergency services!"
76561198051017616,Recommended,503560,33240998,Posted: 4 July,all,Kolyzion,"This is a fun and entertaining game but for more than $8 dollars, I would not suggest buying this. This is because of the amount of content in this game. The game is simply too shallow in the variety of calls that it offers. I've played under a couple hours and that amount of time I heard the same calls two or three times (in the same game session).  Eventually I just turned off anwering calls. I get it, 911 calls are repretitive to give me that ""real"" simulation. But if the same caller is going to call back, at least make the dialogue be different. It would be great to have a variety in the calls such as different voices, different operaters to select, or more scripted dialogue to point out a few.  There is something about this game that makes it feel somewhat unfinished. Like there was supposed to be more but for whatever reason it isn't there. The new DLC content I believe should have also been apart of the base game.  I get it, the game just release not too long ago and they need to make the most out of it. However, if I'm spending $10-12 dollars on a game, I'd expect a little more, but that is just me."
,Not Recommended,503560,30316568,Posted: 4 March,all,ScrubScrooblet,it's a good game when you first get it and it can be very fun but after a while it gets boring becasue most situations are repeated.
,Recommended,503560,33302116,Posted: 5 July,all,Alphatherius Wolf,"This game is Stress in a can...Ok, so you are in the position of a 911 operator... Seems legit... But 30 seconds later, when you start playing in a big city, you are already in deep S++T!The game looks really simple at first, but its way more complicated when calls happens... Managing the very few units that you actually have at the beginning of each area (about 4 cops cars and 3 in paramedics and the fire departement).I enjoy this game, it is really fun and well made! Its as simple as point and click but with heavy management added...The only thing I saw that was kind of bad was a glitch that, when an event happened right on top of my ambulance, it got glitched doing nothing and I could not use it... I still managed to work around the problem and debug it, but it was still a problem.So yeah! I would certainly recommend this game to anyone that loves a good stress game, that wants a challenge or just wants a simple game to play quickly and simply.Would not recommend to people who panic easilly as you will lose it very often..."
,Recommended,503560,33077541,Posted: 1 July,all,Womp,"For the 10 bucks I payed to have 10 hours of fun is totally worth it now that's its on sale (at the time writing this review).  As mentioned countless times in other reviews, when you've heard all dialogs numerous times, you know after a while what each option will produce. That means you won't get that feeling of excitement. I do believe this game handles the repetitive scenarios very well tho, with all the different things happening at once, at different locations you have to plan where to send your units.The one major complaint I have is the constant shooting everywhere. You're bound to run into at least 1-2 ""We need backup"" incidents on every duty, I don't think there are THAT many armed criminals in any major developed town in the world.Next is something that's just stupid. If you send police officers to check on a situation that involves fire of sorts, the officers will start smoke diving and trying to fight the fire! Thus getting injured. What they should do is establish ONLY what emergency services are required for a caller incident if someone is injured etc.Pros:Random incidents with different levels of severityInteresting, exciting dialogs (Especially the ""pizza delivery"" one also featured in the trailer)10 hour fun for 10Workshop potentialPlay in any town around the worldCons:Unrealistic amount of shootingsFew dialogsNo update change logs"
,Recommended,503560,33092913,Posted: 1 July,all,DerBaer86,"9/10 OverallGood gameplay, solid tranlation to german (a few bits are misinterpretation but its ok)Calls are solid, sometimes a bit too obvious, but very good overall.Graphics are exactly what they need to be.Functionality: i could download the map for my Hometown and it was very precise and i recognized every corner.Marvelous Feature and good game design decision to implement it. :) Thanks GuysMost annoying thing:- Repeating calls (very very few, but it happens and is understandable)- Dual or Triple Need Calls (Police, Medic and Fire-Rescue):If you have 3 Sorts of units on a point and its nearly impossible to determine, if there work is finished or needed.Like a suspect was shotdown and has to taken to the hospital - the cops will still be engaged with the suspect but he needs a medicI would definitly buy it again anytime and it quite the relaxing game that could keep you on your toes (undercover calls with a twist, robberys, Stalking and so on)Keep the updates coming pls or build a sequel - you will definitly have a buyer in me."
76561198052363326,Recommended,503560,33095710,Posted: 1 July,all,Trelib,"cool and fun game, works on small towns :D"
,Recommended,503560,33098130,Posted: 1 July,all,CleverKitty,This is a super enjoyable game. I've played this game over the span of several days and have gone at it with about 30 minutes per time. I enjoyed it and really started to feel the emotional pull that I'm sure 911 operators experience. I really enjoy it and think its a great simulation of how this particular job is.
,Recommended,503560,33188962,Posted: 3 July,all,animuson,"Overall, I have to say that this is a great START to a game. It is a great and interesting idea that instantly has me excited, being someone who has a lot of interest in 911 operations. However, the execution was fairly poor and this feels like something that should be in Early Access because it's not a complete game yet.Vehicles and Staffing----------------------The drag-and-drop staff selection before each duty is a good touch, but it feels half-baked. I honestly don't understand why the 911 Database is an item for one of the officers to hold rather than an upgrade for the vehicle itself which makes far more sense. The different weapons were also beneficial but the game didn't give you any way of labeling the different vehicles that had certain weapons. I assume the diea was to have a SWAT team vehicle that you could send to high-risk calls, but without any way of identifying which one of my vehicles was SWAT, it became a game of ""I need to click through them all and figure out where they're at"" which is a bit disappointing. A very simple addition of a symbol that can be selected per-vehicle that identifies which purpose you want that vehicle to serve primarily could have made the game a lot better, and the vehicles more effective.The overall feel of vehicles is actually somewhat unrealistic. For example, you can just station your helicopters somewhere central in the city and they apparently just hover there non-stop without ever running out of fuel? All vehicles, including copters, should need to return to the station occasionally to refill their gas tanks. Part of dispatching is occasionally having an officer unavailable because they literally can't get there without running out of fuel. It might be a bit much, but each vehicle having a fuel gauge that runs down as they drive around would add a slightly more realistic feel to the game.On-Scene Actions-------------------I don't know why the game allows you to select which person each staff member should be resolving. That's not something dispatchers would EVER do and it seems too fine-grained for a dispatching game. It also seemed like a pointless feature altogether. I really never found any benefit from it, so never did it.Aside from that, officers call out shots fired way too frequently. What kind of city is this that officer involved shootings happen on almost every single police call? Seems excessive. Could use some more detail to allow officers to just call for backup in general because they're concerned about this or that. Officers would normally be carrying tasers and/or pepper spray to handle a lot of these situations where in the game they're calling in shots fired. Like seriously, pulling a gun because they're fighting you WITH THEIR FISTS? Instantly fired.Call Repetition---------------As others have pointed out, the database of calls in this game is extremely small. Like, you literally do the exact same calls in a different order every single duty you play, with the exception of the campaign which occasionally throws in unique calls depending on the city. For starters, it's very disappointing those unique calls (like the earthquake or the bomb threats) don't ever appear in regular free play games - at least I've never gotten them to. But further, having too small of a call database makes this game incredibly boring and sucks out any of the simulation you might expect. Being able to instantly know all the actions because you've heard this exact call 50 times already isn't normal. If this game expects to be taken seriously, it needs to do some very dramatic expanding of its call database to keep dispatchers on their toes and interested in the game.Maps------My favorite thing about this game was the maps. You can get a lot of random locations into the game and they're realistic drawings of the actual city, using the actual street names and all. It's really cool to be able to play in your hometown and recognize where the streets are.Conclusion------------This was fun to play for a day or two, and even if you only get a couple days of fun out of it, I'd still recommend it just because I like this sort of thing. But I sincerely hope the developer is planning to continue updating it with new calls. It would be incredibly disappointing if they didn't. The workshop content is a cool way to add new calls, but I've found that none of them are any good. Most of them either don't have voiceovers at all, which means you have to read all of the text, or are done by people who can barely speak English with esxtremely poor grammar and sentences that don't make sense. I tried a bunch of them and then immediately uninstalled them all because they were all horrible. Please don't depend on user-contributed content - focus on making the game great with your own well-crafted scenarios."
,Recommended,503560,33189684,Posted: 3 July,all,teajay,Enjoyable game that teaches the basics of emergency services resource allocation.
,Recommended,503560,33016307,Posted: 29 June,all,grgisme,"This game is a blast! Getting to play on my hometown map, and handle 911 calls. Very well put together."
76561198024579531,Recommended,503560,33107132,Posted: 1 July,all,Hunter,"Yeah fun game, trying to micro manage issues, resources and time limits is what makes it a chalenge plus addapting your units to have special items to help them complete tasks efficitantly, while also acting as a call handler to similar but a large variety of intrestesing calls."
76561197975206275,Recommended,503560,33120990,Posted: 2 July,all,exlin,Game pulls you with you and provides some challenge trying to prioritize which incidents to respond to. Occasionally your resources can be tied to event waiting for help from another branch so make sure you have enough resources when responding to events.Only negative thing is in career mode when you are not in one city long and don't have a real change to develop your departments enough before moving to next city.
,Recommended,503560,33069590,Posted: 30 June,all,bizzychoco,"It's a really solid simulation and strategy game. Only complaint is that after a while, calls tend to be repetitive but it's still good fun and has a lot of potential to become even better."
,Recommended,503560,33070976,Posted: 30 June,all,Rubber my timbers,Good game to hop on for a few hours and waste time. Also good for when your internet is out
,Recommended,503560,33024822,Posted: 29 June,all,Overseer Haz,"This is a great game, where you are put in the shoes of a dispatcher and have to make decisions that affect the chararcters in the game. Sometimes you get prank calls, but most of the time you get the real calls. There are interesting citys and people taking on different situations. The game uses irl maps to build maps for the game's map, and it is very detailed. Just goto freemode and type in the city/town.  Enjoy sending out officers to deal with crimes, medics to deal with the wounded/sick, and Firefighters to put out the deadly flames.  All in All this game is worth your money, with its story grasping, strategy enhanced gameplay."
76561198007394491,Not Recommended,503560,33053228,Posted: 30 June,all,Thunder,"Sound is terible, unplayable because you cant understand the voices."
76561198108933919,Recommended,503560,33098729,Posted: 1 July,all,(Section 8) Yarvin,"Ok so in all honesty, this game should not be fun......But it is. so easy to get sucked right into the game. The developers use open streets as their map guide for when you download new towns to play in. Only issue with this is that some of them do not have the correct positioning of the stations/hospitals. And some of the street names are off but aside from that, it is a great game. I have had times where I am sitting back and going ""this is easy"" then all of the sudden I have 9 calls for police but only have 4 units and now I have to prioritize the calls and dispatch to the worst ones first. Like I said, game is not supposed to be fun but it is. Totally recommend."
,Recommended,503560,31938785,Posted: 24 May,all,Daddy | hellcase.com,So far I've only played a little bit but I love it I don't see many youtube channels playing it so I will start doing tutorials and stuff once I get better. Very good playability and a fun game to kill time.
76561198306759675,Recommended,503560,34805966,Posted: 7 September,all,[ᴹsᴳ] ._.,"The game is good but repetitive without mods. However I've found the glitches to ruin the fun and gameplay. The units and vehicles disappear in the menu and during gameplay will sometimes drive through the roads and fields on the map, this makes it impossible to use for the rest of the game. If the devs fixed some of the glitches and you add mods the game's great!"
76561197999466014,Recommended,503560,34915953,Posted: 13 September,all,katj,I'm always lacking resources.10/10 for realism on that part.
76561198003348475,Recommended,503560,34917529,Posted: 13 September,all,Mek Manik,"Loved the idea of this game so naturally as it happens more often than not on steam it went on sale, so i bought it.the first 3 hours of this game feel daunting, my multi tasking abilities arent great so they were strained on some of the missions. lovely layout, good sounds and smooth gameplay have my recommendation.Eventually youll start to hear the same calls over and over but thats near impossible to prevent without thousands of unique calls. kudos if youre working on that btw.would recommend adding unique accents for different locations. example would for the London map, add a british speaking opperator and change it to 999 rather than 911.i know this isnt in early access but theres a lot of things that could be added. pick it up and play, as long as the updates keep coming i can see this being a worthy purchase7/10"
76561198207675145,Recommended,503560,33653360,Posted: 19 July,all,rune.lietaert,What a fun game i have spend already 5 hours on it and i have it 2 days*Very good but maybe an oppertunity to cheat ;-)BUY THIS ITS GOOD
,Recommended,503560,33660452,Posted: 19 July,all,qwerty12345,"911 Operator is a great game which I feel correctly identifies the call aspect and resource parts of working in a dispatch center. As a resident of Mass, games like this and Fallout 4 which have maps in Boston, are great pluses. If you live in or near a city that this game has, it will be just as interesting for you. I wish there were more calls, and that is my greatest complaint with the game. The only other complaint I have is that the price is a little steep. Apart from those concerns, this is a game that ought to be in a steam library."
,Recommended,503560,33661897,Posted: 19 July,all,RotoGamer2826,"I like this game. It's interesting and challenging. It is a very stupid game if you live in Buffalo. Half of the time I have to send my units over to Canada!!! We don't have internation police, medics and fireman that I know of. I guess it adds a challenge if you want to send police between two countries over 2 or so bridges. It would be awesome if there was a sequel and they added border patrol for cities like mine where they are all over the place."
76561197960344344,Not Recommended,503560,33790032,Posted: 25 July,all,coltos,"The concept of 911 Operator is great, the game plays smooth and I had a good time with it for a few hours. But sadly, it got painfully repetitive. It feels pretty lame to have the same 3 calls over and over for days (parking, drunk man, kitchen on fire)... I'll still play it for a couple of hours, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone."
76561197984682288,Recommended,503560,33727015,Posted: 22 July,all,Sgt. York,"I beat the career and acquired all the trophies rather quickly, but don't let that deter you. Being able to work in your home town, or favorite town, is satisfying. With workshop support enabled, it expands the game even further with custom calls to answer. This also cuts down on the monotony of repetition inherent in the game. If you enjoy games where you get to direct the action, as opposed to being directly involved, then this game will fill many hours of your time.One important note, there may be some calls that are triggering in this game for those that have experienced trauma. The only one that truly bothered me was the father calling in about his daughter who overdosed. That one was DARK. Fortunately, in the random rotation, it doesn't come up often. In all my hours of play, I've only heard it 2 maybe 3 times."
76561198216241839,Recommended,503560,33753537,Posted: 23 July,all,God H,"Its an awesome game, good job."
,Not Recommended,503560,33772893,Posted: 24 July,all,Reaper,"Principle of the game is good and fairly realistic. However, it is very repetative with very little in the way of progression. It picks up a nearby city which is a good touch but overall it feel underwhelming."
76561198223122404,Recommended,503560,33735635,Posted: 22 July,all,Petrichor,This game is great. I love its simplicity and originality
,Recommended,503560,33781080,Posted: 25 July,all,David5750,"You're a dispatcher of an emergency services unit. You respond to ""realistic"" 9-1-1 emergency phone-calls (like robberies, accidents and fires), by answering the call properly and rerouting units to the location of the call. After a night of managing chaos, you can upgrade your department with guns, vests and med packs - even buy new units and hire new crew.Game is quite intense at times (responding to multiple serious incidences, with limited units available), which makes for a great game. Is the type of game one can complete fairly easily though - could be expanded with increased difficulty, more challenges, etc.8/10"
76561198195889010,Recommended,503560,33760609,Posted: 24 July,all,Lusk3y,Just started playing this already and absolutely love it. I do hope they add more calls eventually as I have only put about 3 hours into this game and already the calls are very repetitive .
,Recommended,503560,33814770,Posted: 26 July,all,pfotyrap,Great game.
76561197998740055,Recommended,503560,33849053,Posted: 27 July,all,Spacemania,"I think this is a rather ideal game for the traveler who has only a basic laptop. Its easy to pick up at any time and hammer out a quick cycle or two and close up.While the campaign is somewhat short and the sandbox can get repetitive, its not really a deal breaker for the above reason. I can see myself playing it off-and-on regularly while I'm in between games or stuck at an airport.The gameplay itself is rather straightforward yet its requirement to multitask can challenge you every time. Don't be put off by the simplistic gameplay style, its biggest atribute is a teaching aid for the uneducated. It should give you a tiny glimpse at what emergency services goes though and it educates you on the basics of emergency services and first aid along the way.It is by no means a replacment for any real training courses of course, but its a very good intro into that world!"
76561197970902980,Recommended,503560,33896983,Posted: 29 July,all,SeaFox,"The feature to play any city you want is pretty cool and makes it way more fun.Needs more scenarios to keep from getting repetitive so quickly.I didn't expect that I'd also be in charge of the city's budget and hiring, I just want to dispatch, man. The number of shootouts the police get into seems pretty high as well, but it's a game."
,Recommended,503560,33812476,Posted: 26 July,all,legofigure1,"What an absolutley amazing game. You really should get it, really does feel like the real thing with voice acting epic similation. Yes some scenarios do repeat.What I want:English themed events in Uk towns. (So home invasion would be robbery and meybe english voices but not to botherd about that)What I didn't like:The fact that when a 911 call comes in. You can't see the emergencies come in. Like you can see them but can't see the details."
,Recommended,503560,33831093,Posted: 27 July,all,✪★Ⓙuzzy Ⓖaming★✪,"911 operator is a fascinating game. The game has situations a 911 operator would generally receive. The game also has maps of your location and you can play in your very own city. You have to manage where emergency services get dispatched to while taking calls and shows the real situations an operator would go through. Obviously, it's always 911 emergency even though you are playing in another map from another country. You earn money to upgrade your police, ambulance and fire department force to meet the requirements the city has you do. This game will surely fill out your day and allow you to personally experience being a 911 operator. Realism includes shootout calls, prank calls from idiots, situations where people cal but can't ask for help (because they are held hostage ) etc"
76561198045176553,Recommended,503560,33992094,Posted: 3 August,all,nuba_83,The game looked really interesting and it is. I love playing this game.I have nothing negative to say about this game.
76561198290909319,Recommended,503560,35110617,Posted: 21 September,all,Salvador345,"it is a fun game and entertaining, well the calls can get repetitive and memorise the solutions, but its still clever and gives the idea of what it is to be a real 911 operator."
,Recommended,503560,35097283,Posted: 20 September,all,Gaillard,This game would be awesome if we can answer incoming call's with a microphone ( with our own voice ) and get response back rather than choosing pre-built answers. After that I can really feel like an 911 operator with my headset.
76561198349214130,Recommended,503560,35113513,Posted: 21 September,all,mns030905,very good game
76561198055380148,Recommended,503560,34951840,Posted: 14 September,all,OctoberRaven,"Fun pick up and play game. Intuitive management.A baby accidentally called me.Didn't get calls from people who wanted me to arrest McDonalds for not having chicken nuggets, though.Would I AM THE LAW again."
,Recommended,503560,34946776,Posted: 14 September,all,C. Lewis,This game is fun! It is a little confusing at first because i didnt do the proper training but i figured it out lol.
76561198061143410,Recommended,503560,34990483,Posted: 16 September,all,legendaryforever,Very fun. Phone calls are very engaging. well made game.
76561198061754726,Recommended,503560,34981680,Posted: 15 September,all,viccatrix,"Ive only played for about 4 hours so far, but wow what a great game for so many reasons. Started off playing on a map of my home town, which has been really fun because its actually helping me learn where alot of streets Ive heard of, actually are. I keep waiting for my adress to pop up even. XDThe calls get repetitive fast, or so it seems, since they can branch off in many diffrent ways. I love asking women afraid of bats if I should send Batman over to solve their problems. All in all a great game, but I can see it getting old and repetitive around the 20 hour mark.A great buy if you can get it on steam sale like I did."
,Recommended,503560,32280361,Posted: 8 June,all,beckiecattle87,This is a really fun strategy game if you're looking for something a little different! Interesting to see how to prioritise emergencies and levelling up.
76561198156715638,Recommended,503560,35189624,Posted: 24 September,all,Arians,i love this game but i think they should make a vehicles slot for police cars to put system terminal in
,Recommended,503560,35145234,Posted: 22 September,all,EvanWarped,"Really, really enjoying this game. Sometimes it gets a little crazy but it keeps me coming back for more."
76561198143811298,Recommended,503560,35154321,Posted: 23 September,all,Ai,great game
,Recommended,503560,35187810,Posted: 24 September,all,Zandy12,Great game. Really puts you in the shoes of a 911 dispatcher. It has very realistic scenarios and offers some challenging stuff in career mode. It really shows what the average day of a first responder is like and has given me more appreciation for the men and women who put their lives at risk in harms way for keeping us safe. 10/10
76561198070921552,Recommended,503560,34944256,Posted: 14 September,all,Genuinely Terrible,I would highly reccomend the game. Even if no more is added to it; the quality will last you hour of wanted gameplay. If you like strategy/time management games you would like it.
76561198017598602,Recommended,503560,34942835,Posted: 13 September,all,Turgish,"Short but enjoyable game. Can complete the campaign in well under 10 hours, admittedly only on medium difficulty, but what will keep you playing is the feature that allows you to download the streets for your local area/hometown. Suggest buying the DLC and downloading the free DLC as it increases an already small pool of equipment and vehicles.Calls can appear repetetive, but there are variations on each type and stops you from hanging up or knowing what is needed before getting all the info. Some of the calls can be rather entertaining and make you wonder what real operators have to put up with.I got the game on sale with the DLC for $10 and feel like I got a pretty good deal."
,Recommended,503560,34953592,Posted: 14 September,all,The Real OG Bob Ross,"fantastic little game this is. so much fun to play in your home town and ignore all the cry babies who cut their leg off. but in all seriousness.this game is pretty fun. bunch of customizations, bunch of maps (any city you would want as far as i know), and bunch of ai npcs needing help with useless tasks half the time and others with real problems. you should fair just fine unless you send bicycle cop to stop a speeding motorist whos running stop lights in town and who is now on the freeway almost out of the city. this is what it is to work as a 911 operator.remember kiddos. math is not an emergency, but you should probably still call 911 as it is important for them to hang up on you!"
,Recommended,503560,34977958,Posted: 15 September,all,MrgλmerLP™ ツ,"The game is a very good and detailed game, it does have it's intense moments and fun moments and i love it for that! The game should run on most Systems aswell and has pretty graphics!"
76561198331898260,Recommended,503560,35011519,Posted: 16 September,all,Emperor,"Very good game, but add some SWAT operators!!"
,Recommended,503560,35011586,Posted: 16 September,all,DeadlyFilth,"Great game, very good fun managing what emergency services must go to which areas and dealing with different types of calls."
76561198269339002,Recommended,503560,35005670,Posted: 16 September,all,rooneyback01,this game is very fun to play through my only problem is the voice acting is not good
,Recommended,503560,35014854,Posted: 16 September,all,slevelneves,Good concept. Well executed for an indie game. 7/10
,Recommended,503560,35041027,Posted: 18 September,all,marimo.sama,"i just love this game every single thing about this game , the most amazing thing about this game is voice actors they are just SO EPIC"
76561197965046644,Recommended,503560,35043996,Posted: 18 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"I received a call only to find out instead of an emergency it was some jerk asking me to place an order for pizza...I threaten to dispatch an officer to deal with this punk only to find out I get a complaint filed against me...well next time he needs 911 he will find that there will be a 1 hour delay.If you ever wanted to see what it's like to be a 911 operator or emergency service operator, then your in luck. 911 Operator offers a interesting point of view in the life of an operator, letting you place emergency calls and manage police , fire and ambulance services to where they are needed.==The Good==1. Downloadable Maps - You can use your own location as a map to play in2. Upgrades - You can spend your hard earn cash on more units and better equipment which has both positve and negative effects such as more units in one vehicle but slower movement.==The 50/50==1. Choices - Some of the dialog choices are rather confusing as some choices sound reasonable only to find out that when click it ends up sounding more offensive and getting you slapped with a complaint. Also some information requests when trying to figure out the situation of a call doesn't sound right or are missing things that a normal operator would ask such as whether the caller is requesting police/fire/ambulance and how serious the issue is, had a few times where I would send a full police, ambulance and fire only to find out the situation is a fender bender requring just police for information.Again this is minor and many emergency services treat their overall system differently depending on country, state and/or province.2. Calls- Some calls are rather interesting with voice over but there are a few that are annoying without any voice over. I found a lot of the ambulance calls sometimes can be repeated in a straight row having someone having a heart attack 3 times in a row can kill your mood but again this is likely a random glitch or just the map design overall.==Overall==I found this game rather enjoyable for a few playthroughs but after awhile it felt like more of the same thing. I never felt connected to the issues given to me and most times after putting units on patrol they seem to just take care of the situations themselves leaving me to read a book while I wait for the next serious call. Again this may not be for everyone but if you want an rough idea of what a 911 Operator kind of deals with then give this game a shot."
,Recommended,503560,35075601,Posted: 19 September,all,Hara Surya,"This is a quirky little game. It positions you as a 911 operator in charge of routing emergency responders to calls. The calls range from typical emergencies to massive ""five alarm"" fires and large organized crime incidents. Besides that there are prank calls, children playing on the phone, people calling for non-emergency reasons and calls that hang up as soon as you answer.As you progress in the game you get money to buy additional equipment for your city which lets you face the harder and more dangerous and complicated calls that appear later. An added benefit is that you can generally find your own hometown and play there, though many small towns aren't listed and real-life jurisdiction boundaries don't exist (though to some extent they can be blurred in real life).The game is kind of a boom or bust to me that I rarely play, but when I do I'm up all night. Currently I'm on a ""bust"" while I wait for some bugs to get patched and new content added, but the game is certainly worth the price even with some quirks (and even more so on sale)."
76561197999507340,Recommended,503560,35382399,Posted: 1 October,all,Heckboyardy,"I love the design and playstyle of this game. It starts deceptively simple then before you know it you start getting into more and more stressful situations. As an avid watcher of many true crime shows, I also enjoyed experiencing the true calls that were adapted for the game. Fantastic."
76561198155008451,Recommended,503560,35389814,Posted: 1 October,all,{LEO} WorstFears,"I can definitly reccomend the game if you are in the mood for a progressive puzzle game. There are games that challenge you and your way of thinking/common sense, but they hit a brick wall, or completely end, after a while. Not this game. It's constantly changing, always giving you something new, has some funny easter eggs, and can make you feel like you're actually a dispatcher, stress included! LMAO. Either way, game has high potential, worth the $16.99."
,Recommended,503560,35413222,Posted: 2 October,all,Bluey,Its fairly fun to start off with but gets a little repetitive. If only they added a little more cases and different scenarios to spice it up a little.. :(However it gives a good insight into real emergency services operators which is actually fairly cool and not something you get to see everyday
76561198170058247,Recommended,503560,35446177,Posted: 3 October,all,PixelGuy,ITS GREAT!
,Recommended,503560,35429206,Posted: 2 October,all,Savannahx1995,This game is so much fun! The calls may seem repetitive but they're actually not if you switch up your responses to those calls. They have a few different outcomes! I would definitely recommend this game!
