user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,503620,34179963,Posted: 11 August,all,Order of the Wurm,"Even for 20 bucks it feels like this game was overpriced for what it actually is. I mean, don't mind that the graphics are a little dated and that the AI is pretty dumb but when it comes to immersion, replayability and story, this game has zero. Literally every level is a generic mountain area with a few houses thrown in. NPC's wander aimlessly and you cannot interact with them. Enemies charge at you from miles away even if you are not in line of sight and spawn endlessly in the inquisition areas with no reason or reward to fight them off. It feels like you are just playing the same level over and over again. One part of me wants to request a refund, but the other part of me wants to keep the game in hope that the developers will eventually add some life to this game. Right now, I just can't bring myself to recommend this game because it is lacking in so many areas."
76561198067215025,Not Recommended,503620,34179898,Posted: 11 August,all,Larry the Ball-Tickler,"Let me start out by saying that the devs did an incredible job for how little manpower they had and I really do wish I could give this a recommendation. At the end of the day, unfortunately, what matters is how much gameplay you get for your money. In its current state the game is far from finished and does not justify the pricetag. However, I'd love to see the devs develop the concept further and hope the profit from Fictorum can at least contribute to that.I'll briefly describe the positives and negatives of the game that I've experienced so far.Positives:The available spells are original and do an incredible job at making you feel like an all-powerful magician. They look and feel very satisfying, and the largely destructable environment (even with its current, clunky physics) really contributes to the vibe of holding neigh-infinite power in your palms. The spell-shaping mechanic allows you to use runes to further adapt your spells to fit your situation.The idea of progressing through the story using a node-system, while not unique, works pretty well. The writing that guides you through the events is suprisingly gripping and would, in my humble opinion, really stand out if the game implemented a good narrator.Negatives:The graphics are outdated and the devs would've probably been better off choosing a style that is less labour-intensive. The general story is somewhat generic and the quests you're given are uninspired, repetitive and seem to have no impact on the world or your character. The levels, while randomly generated, feel the same. As a result, it doesn't take long for you to get the feeling you've ""seen it all"".In addition, the game lacks polishing and a lot of smaller annoyances lead to poor gameplay. Things like the bad AI and tedious grinding for health/loot seem like problems that could've easily been spotted during playtesting, which makes you feel like you're playing a beta.In conclusion: Buy the game if you want to support the devs with their further endeavours, or get it on sale if this particular kind of game is your thing. In its current state however, for its current price, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,503620,34140762,Posted: 10 August,all,Cyprian01,"This game is not complete, and the creators are treating it as if it was, when they should not.Since I'm not the best at reviewing I'll do a simple pros/consPros:+Challenging: doesnt let you glide through the game, makes you engage+Smooth: camera and movement is smooth+Replayability: the story is made by which events you encounter, much like FTL, however less space ship and more outlaw mage+Variety: many different spells and multiple types, as well as being able to equip 4 main spells and 2 imbued rings at a time+Play Style: You can play through the game multiple ways, including running through and avoiding fights, or tanking through them, or staying back and picking off your enemies+Physics: spells can destroy buildings and make you feel like a badassCons:-Tough enemies: There isn't a way to become powerful enough to wipe out everyone that I have been able to find, and as such shouldn't be played unless you want the challenge-Confusing at First: while the totorial does help with some of the mechanics, there are also some things that you need to figure out, like most of the story-Outdated graphics: the graphics are very skyrim-esk and even then its being generous, the graphics on this game are shown pretty well in the trailers and should not be a surprise to anyone though-------------------------------------------------------Overall fun game, worth maybe $10-15 but not $20, maybe they'll change the price maybe they won't, but if you want to feel like a badass that can knock down buildings then I would reccomend this game for youWhile I havent gotten too much time on it yet, I will update this review if I change my mind on anything.Edit: Sorry for the confusion, I meant that the game doesn't feel complete and as such the creators should not treat it as complete, I understand that this is a full release"
76561198079596463,Not Recommended,503620,34226903,Posted: 13 August,all,ChrisChaos777,"This game needs work but it is fun....... It is also infuriating.Pros:awesome spells,building destruction,good soundtrack,character customizationpretty awesome lore and backstory.Cons:RepetitiveDebri can kill you near instantly and no apparent counter measure besides trying to dodge fying pieces,AI and enemy design are TERRIBLE.Loot system is very very poorly done,Health: Health is very scarse which is great for a realistic game or survival but not this game. Reason being: debri damages you easiy and AI rushes you madly, not to mention going too far into a area thats not your AO also damages you. Oh and good luck trying to spot an archer. I have this game on max settings and could not find the archer shooting arrows at me because the arrow projectiles and combat awareness are so poor.Another issue with this is: Since you get rushed constantly you must often spam spells to survive. This makes you drain mana quickly and since you spend health to cast spells once you are out of mana from spamming a few spells or holding a spell too long you die from ""Mana Burn"" so now you have to loot all those buildings all over again and hope you are not ambushed indoors becausse if you cast a spell indoors you are probably going to kill yourself.ABOVE ALL what infuriates me is that loot is destructible and spells are hidden mostly in buildings.....this is a destruction based game,,,,why the hell would they put spells that are rare into what you are supposed to be blowing up?  Yes that means you have to go through each individual buiding before you blow it to bits to get new spells. Otherwise you miss nearly all loot because enemys barely drop any. Most loot in this game is in the civilian buildings in bookcases.... I think this is what kills the gameplay for me the most.Map is like a chess board thing and it feels really cheesy.Great idea, but this game should not have been released yet and I am disappointed that the devs did not polish such a potential gem."
,Recommended,503620,34232404,Posted: 14 August,all,FrogMachine,"Stupid, dumb, janky fun. Given the kickstarter was 30 grand and it's made by I think two dudes with no previous experience? It's a good time. It has some performance issues mainly indoors, and the destruction stuff turns your framerate into nothing when you decide to purge an entire village with meteors, but the latter is kind of charming in its own stupid way.Not exactly an easy game though. Take your time initially and loot places, and also make note of the ""enchant"" section in your inventory - you can imbue rings with scroll abilities and can enhance/upgrade your gear and spells. This is not shown in the tutorial but it's important and gives you a good start when you upgrade some spells.Game really kicks off into total war mode after the third chapter or so. You'll get huge groups of angry blokes chasing you around while you teleport and flatten them with flaming rocks and ice spikes.If you can deal with jank, glitch outs, randomly dying from a ragdoll body being tossed into your face and breaking your skull; you're in for a good time.This game is also good when drinking. Devs earned my 20 bucks, this is a fun game."
,Not Recommended,503620,34150675,Posted: 10 August,all,Smooth Sloth,"This game really feels like it was not ready for release. As lots of people have said, the AI is very dumb and clunky but at the sametime unmoderated in their perceptions of the player. They will charge directly at you or sit and take pot shots with arrows/magic with no strategy at all. But they know where you are even if they can't see you which means the only way to fight them is direct and head on. Not very 'RPG' when it forces you down one route of attack.The main selling point of this game is pure unadulterated destruction. This it provides. However, destroyed buildings so not behave in a very realistic manner which is utterly immersion breaking. A house is obliterated totally, yet all the furniture and belongings inside are prefectly fine (?!) and untouched. The building fracturing and seperation effects are also extremely last gen. You just get geometric chunks of building rolling or even bouncing around which looks extremely unrealistic, and the physics leaves a lot to be desired. Like in Django where the woman is shot from one angle yet flies off at the normal to it. This happens here and is even visible in the promo shots on the store page. A kinetic blast to the side of a structure will cause parts to fly at 90 degree up into the air.Now the RPG side of the game which it touts. Very limited customer characterisation. The story arc is very limited and not well fleshed out. The narrative is limited and the quests themselves are repeated ""Attack this, go destroy it"" or ""Protect this, destroy the enemy"". Also some mission prompt would be great, like a notification to inform you that the mission is complete or even a way to find enemies that have scuttled off (lack of these things seriously drags the missions out in a bad way).Ontop of this the console controller input is not good,TLDR; A magic based poorly adapted FTL game with poor graphics, poor controls, poor AI, limited RPG elements, repetitive missions and not worth the price tag it currently is. Hopefully future updates and modding will improve this game."
,Not Recommended,503620,34127663,Posted: 9 August,all,Lumin,"Worth about $10 not the $22 That I paid.Too much feels static.This is working Beta.Not full release material.Even Early access with a promise of more work would justify the $22 mark.On Fair Play I'll say such; A small dev team with these results is pretty rad.As I've been following this project quite a while.But the gameplay never really changed much from earlier looks at the game so the game doesn't look or feel like it's finished. The casting is clunky at best. The movement is basic (both animations AND controls). The places aren't lived in, they are stood around. The NPC AI Swarm like locusts even the mages tend to run up on you. The two things that are stressed and live up to hype are the particle effects (the ones I saw.) and MOST of the destructables explode appropriately if not a little hilariously. Sorry, didn't get far enough to say it made me feel like a OP Super Mage.What I did do was get the same map (same map layout,same npc spawns) on different mountian tiles on overworld.The believablity isn't there at all... am I a magician? Or an archer with differenly tipped arrows?Mostly the pricing feels way off for what was delivered. I'm even down to Beta Test. I'm just not paying to DO beta testing. (Thanks Steam.)Mostly I disappointed myself for getting hyped for a destructables game that was mage oriented as opposed to High tech styled one like red faction."
76561198037381863,Not Recommended,503620,34596906,Posted: 29 August,all,Zenkci,"Been following the status of this game on their website for quite some time; finally bought it on Steam. Requested a refund 15 minutes later. Game needs A LOT of work, optimization, gameplay balance, refined controls. Definitely not work the $20 in its current state. I will keep an eye on it, because the concept is cool; hopefully they’ll be able to refine the game quite a bit."
,Not Recommended,503620,34229867,Posted: 13 August,all,Schnurzelpurzel,"This game is fun for the first hour or two, but after that it's pretty much just repetition. The game has a lot of potential, but right now it plays as if it's incomplete. I would not recommend playing until it has been updated more and cleaned up. Even considering that it is an indie game, I believe it was released prematurely, it still feels like there is a lot of work to be done. There is little variety in the battle style, maps, and quests. Character customization is bland as well. It has a lot of potential, but is not yet worth the full-price purchase."
76561198080590755,Recommended,503620,34148120,Posted: 10 August,all,Catmandoom,"I honestly dont understand all the negative reviews, the game looks like it's trailers and delivers what i expected.Combat is fun and the variety of runes alow you to kill in a plethora of different ways. Special abilities like blink and telekinesis are done really well and are so fun to play with. The map system works really well for this game (just like it did for FTL) and the text, story and atmosphere are perfect. This game is a blast to play and great to unwind to.The first hour can be a bit tough, but once you get through understanding the basics, ''This is where the fun begins'' - Anakin SkywalkerIf you are worried about if its worth 20$- it is. Buy it. It is so much fun, the small issues dont really add up to much and being an OP mage overshines any of them.I would recommend this game to anyone who loved FTL, blowing things up or Mount and blade due to the similar way combat scenarios are done.10/10 blowing houses up, flinging enemies across the map into lamp posts, and destroying castles"
76561198222291876,Not Recommended,503620,34126523,Posted: 9 August,all,Leorio,"First of all would like to say that I had really high hopes about this game. Was waiting for premiere and counting days. Saw numerous movies and trailers on Youtube. And Today the day finally came, got an email that Fictorum is finally avalible on Steam.And I am dissapointed. It was supposed to be great game and in reality it's average or even under average. RPG? I wouldn't classify this game as RPG. You don't have any statistic, attributes, nothing like that. Character customisation is some kind of joke. You can't change basic apperance as a hair style even..Okay but about a gameplay. Idea was really nice - pioneer casting system with destructible enviroment. And unfortunatley it only sounds good on ""paper"". In reality this casting system is about moving mouse left, right and up and boost your spell by that. You were counting on some kind of complicated gestures to cast a spell? Not this time mate.About destructible enviroment - at the begining it's quite fun. There are few bugs like you sometimes hit a bulding and nothing happens. But even apart of that after destroying dozens of houses it's starting to be less and less fun. Enemies are crap, they usually run towards you and that's it.Maybe there is something more to this game later, but 2h of my gameplay feels like enough. Game is just boring. No real quests, missions or even goal at this game. You travel to new location, destroy everything, go back to world map and that's it - you repeat that over and over.Again I will repeat myself - for me game is very dissapointing. Time to get my money back and try to find something else that will keep me in front of the keyboard a little bit longer."
76561198153359552,Recommended,503620,34139725,Posted: 9 August,all,Wuruq,"Pros:- Powerful spells that actually make you feel like a badass wizard- Variety of spells- Spell shaping- Destructable environment- Great particle effects on spells- Falling rubble harms the player and NPCs and doesn't fade awayCons:- Graphics are dated- NPCs are just kind of... there.- Rubble can still cause damage if stepped on- Cliché 'revenge' storyMy main complaint would be that the game seems unfinished and, in particular, lacking soul. The NPCs run around, but they don't do much else. They're just part of the scenery, running around like chickens with their heads cut off. The environment is mostly just empty space with a few houses and trees. It doesn't really feel lived-in; rather it's more like a large, empty arena where you can run around and blast baddies. I haven't gotten very far, but the story seems to be just a cliché revenge story with very little meat to it as well.So why do I recommend this game?Well, the developer has delivered on their promises. They advertised a game where people can play as a badass wizard in a fully-destructable environment and that's exactly what we got. It's certainly worth a play, but I wouldn't recommend going in expecting the next Skyrim or anything like that. It's not a bad game by any means, but could use alotof polishing. Hopefully development of the game continues and some of the glaring flaws will be ironed out soon."
76561198025489994,Recommended,503620,34139966,Posted: 9 August,all,Breyarte,"Fictorum has been a blast. The frost spear is the perfect sniper weapon for taking out throngs of enemies at a distance. Once I got my hands on a seeker rune, multishot rune, and piercing rune, I felt like Yondu from the Gardians of the Galaxy.After looting the buildings for anything shiney it was very satisfying to assure no stone left ... existing... by summoning a gianormous meteor down on the hapless village.The only negative I have is that my fool self deconstructed my seeker rune, not paying attention to the restriction of the new rune being only for fire based spells. I quickly found myself under geared on the last encounter of chapter 5 due to that oversight and I had already sold off alternative crowd control spells. Some form of ""oops, I'm an idiot"" button would be great.This game just keeps going. The replay on it is priceless. Only playing the game on medium difficulty, I found myself getting handed to quite often which is refreshing. Hold the spell too long? Fry your health. Teleport off the side of a mountain? Gravity still works. Maximize your spell arsenal in the damage type the mob shakes off? Pile of goo.Worth every penny of $20. I literally only stopped playing because it is 1 am on a work night and I have to adult."
,Recommended,503620,34180146,Posted: 11 August,all,Senas,"Get to chapter 2,First level of chapter 2, find rare meteor spell.4th level of chapter 2, upgrade to max level.Find out it can crit for 3 meteors....Spell shape it with high explosive, Spread and multishotDestroy entire forts by acidently dropping 7 meteors on top of everyone.Get killed by falling building Debris.11/10, would laugh like a evil destructive villain again.In all seriousness, this game has a lot of potential. I have been waiting for this for 3 months.And now that i have it, i would gladly recommend this game to those that enjoy a make your own story type game with compeletly destructible environments.The Dev's have my full support and i would be eager to do any testing they need.Seriously a great game."
76561197969966576,Recommended,503620,34174844,Posted: 11 August,all,Wargy,"Update plasma bolt + seeker rune, or almost anything with seeker rune is just bloody scary. Click and see the mayhem unleased.Fun game.It took me a few hours to get into. Made a lot of mistakes as this game does not hold your hand and the tutorial is really about movement and does not explain the complex spell casting very well.That being said the game heavily relies on shaping your spells and enchanting your gear AND SPELLS and fiddling around with the rune system that really makes your spells work.The loot system is fine, nothing compared to Diablo 3, but you got your uniques and your rares, etc. Still very rewarding as you keep trying to improve your gear. The sense of progression is there.Graphics, they are fine, a little bland, again they are fine.Music is somewhat repetitive.No freezes or crashes. Some clipping but that is to be expected when you can blow up most stuff.All in all very fun and given the small team that works on this, amazing! Give this game a few more patches, and it will rock. But I am still very happy with the current build, as it plays very well and I suspect I just started to scratch the surface here."
76561198076886539,Recommended,503620,34167329,Posted: 11 August,all,Practical,"Dropping massive fireballs onto buildings and watching them explode is just plainfun!. That is one thing this game gets right and is reason enough to buy to play when you want to feel like a vengeful god wrecking havoc.But, this game is not without its faults and some things can definitely be improved on.Atmosphere and GameplayWhile you definitely feel god-like after leveling a fortress, this game is not without challenges. You can not recover health on your own, which does a great job of balancing out your power and forces you to consider other options to head on attack.Many encounters offer such opportunities via choke points, destructible bridges, and alternative routes. As the encounters do repeat, the challenge of discovering these creative options will ware off but it is still fun to take advantage of them.You can enter buildings to loot, or just destroy them and get currency for any loot that was inside. Early on looting is better, but as you get a build you like, just blowing them up works. While in building your perspective becomes first person, but if half destroyed the game can get confused and bounce you between 3rd and first randomly.The manipulation of spells mid fight is really barely more then a gimmick. There are occasions where emphasizing one manipulation can really help, but for the most part it is just a distraction that will get you killed. The passive effects from the runs, however, are a very nice layer of customization that I found very helpful.Enemy AISometimes the AI does things just right. Like sneaking up on you while looting, giving a good jolt by charging through the door just as you turn to leave. Or, running away around a corner to draw you into an ambush. Other enemies are incredibly good at avoiding your spells, making for a very challenging encounter.But, majority of those you encounter will just rush at you. Some locations you can trigger aggro for the whole town by blowing up a single structure and subsequently kite them all into a few AOE spells to quickly end the engagement. This is a cheesy way to go about it, and robs you of the alternative options, but arguably a smarter AI also wouldn't bum rush a mage who disintegrated their town hall in a single spell.Desperately wants to be a roguelike, but misses the markThey key to a good roguelike is gameplay that is rewarding by itself coupled with meaningful progression between attempts/lives.This game nails rewarding gameplay. But, the only progression between characters is what is your starting spell and runes. Thankfully, permadeath is optional and your starting spells quickly become meaningless as you loot better ones as soon as your first encounter.There is so much potential here for a top of the line roguelike its freaking ridiculous. Something as simple as allowing you to keep one spell you discovered at death to have at the start would add tons of replay value alone. Or, like most modern roguelikes, award points at the end of a play through based on progression to be spent to unlock passive stats and starting abilities.Performance ConcernsWith 4gb video memory and 8 CPU cores, this game runs smoothly 90% of the time for me. After leveling a village worth of buildings, the game will begin to stutter while rendering even simple enemy projectiles. There is also a slight stutter occasionally while destroying particularly large buildings but tends to rebound quickly.This is somewhat to be expected with the level of destruct-ability this game offers and didn't ruin my enjoyment at all. However, it will present a greater challenge for those with older hardware and many gamers may want to pass until this aspect is better optimized.Bottom line, parting thoughts.The core gameplay of flinging spells and wrecking havoc is top notch and worth the buy based on that alone.But, there are performance issues that will be debilitating on older hardware making this a pass for some gamers. Replay value is lacking, but with potential for improvement by adding more roguelike features."
76561198308281259,Recommended,503620,34145344,Posted: 10 August,all,dezmarkus,"Great game. Gets repetitive, but overall well worth $20."
,Not Recommended,503620,34134216,Posted: 9 August,all,dpeterson623,"Game casting mechanics and building destruction are great. After playing for a couple hours, I feel I have done all there is to do with the game. Missions are boring and uneventful. Enemies are not real difficult, unless your aim is off. Seems like the game has a lot of potential but no real substance. I am hoping they release more content and upgrade the lighting and story. The inventory system feels tedious and you find tons of garbage loot that needs to be compared with the gear you have for minor upgrades. (I.E. from +25 mana to +30 mana... ZZZZZzzzzz)"
,Recommended,503620,34228628,Posted: 13 August,all,chunbull,"As of the review I only have about 3.2 hours into the game and i plan on adding more to that. First off I would like to thank the devs for releasing patches this close to release fixing these bugs. Second, this is an indie game and the developers first game realeased, they never over promised anything and I got a little more than expected. From what I saw of the game on reddit I thought this would mainly be just a screw around and blow stuff up kinda game, but I was pleasently surprised by story line type aspect. Now the game is obviously not perfect but the same could be said with any unreal engine 4 game really. There is alot of tweaking and I know the devs plan on adding mod support which would be amazing. I definitly do not regret buying this and i got what I wanted, a very good use of physics, enviromental destruction, and amazing spell for said destruction. The looting system could use some work (killed myself in a building a few times) but I know the devs wont give up on it.A lot of the negative reviews kinda upset me because alot of them expected more from this indie dev team and a game for $20, so I decided to  make my first review after buying 100+ games.I apreciate what the dev team has done during the launch and plan to recommend this to as many people as I know because the building destruction and spells are just so awesome.TLDR: If you have $20 and want a game to mess around in and aren't a stickler for bugs (It is very playable) then this is what i would recommend."
,Not Recommended,503620,34200991,Posted: 12 August,all,Aresimas,"Let me start with: If this were an early access title, or a tech demo, I would whole-heartedly recommend this game.Sadly, as this is a supposed full game, perhaps with content on the way but a full game none the less, I can not recommend it.The Magic:It's an interesting system, in which you can select glyphs to modify each spell on a use-by-use basis. Do you wanna make it shoot two fireballs? Maybe make your lightning bolt stun them too. It definitely has a lot of potential in its sheer utility. Sadly there seems to be a lack of options. Thus far, each group seems to have a cheap, spammable spell. Then there's something a bit more powerful. Then the area attack. Then some ultimate thing that just eats your entire bar of mana, and maybe some of your health, and those are all your options for each type. Sure there's a lot of variety if you include it all, but in each type it feels like you only have a couple options, especially if you start filling your bar with few utility spells. Speaking of the utility spells, all I've seen is a rock wall (which is useless other than to lift yourself up [redundant with blink] or as a reaction to a projectiles [redundant with the projectile freeze], since all enemies will just path around it instantly, or run over it.The magic has a lot of potential, but it just feels limited and boring after a while. You find what you like and will never change.The World:Houses are completely destructible, great!They explode randomly, thanks to slightly-untuned UE4 physics, not so great.Getting hit by this debris REALLY hurts your character, or kills him, oh that's not good.Did I mention any sort of spell hit at all to any part of the house causes it to shatter? Uh oh.Your health does not regen, you only get it by paying some of your VERY precious essence for a heal, or finding a rare health potion to get back about 1/4 of it. Oh no.The Graphics:It's Unreal Engine 4. It looks decent, but it's no Crysis. The style the game goes with seems to bounce between pseudo-realism and cartoony. The skyboxes are pretty bland.In conclusion:It's an interesting system, with a lot of potential, but it needs finishing touches. It's an indie game, so not too much can be expected, but a delay on full release would be preferable to 4 maps you get to see over and over. More options with magic per type would be nice, to help with the feel of making progress. The physics leave a fair amount to be desired, which may be a fundamental flaw of Unreal, and may not be fixable. If you don't mind a slog or grind, and wanna feel like a god who finds destroying waves of humans about as boring as watching paint dry, get the game. Otherwise you may wanna wait and see if they add anything to it."
76561198097133349,Recommended,503620,34203479,Posted: 12 August,all,Pepperoni,"Really fun game if you like to mindlessly blow things up, The AI and LVL design gets old kind of quickly but I think this game is headed in the right direction.   Do keep in mind that this is a small indie team, and they are doing a great job."
,Not Recommended,503620,34195395,Posted: 12 August,all,chsoriano,"The AI is dumb, and it makes the game unnecessarily difficult from the start. The tutorial does a fairly good job of introducing you to the mechanics, and how the game delivers the story is interesting, but the battle ""stages"" simply set difficulty by quantity of enemies instead of depth. I couldn't find a reasonable way to play with a tactical approach, the game just forces you to fend off unreasonable numbers of enemies, so it's not for me.This is the first time I have requested a refund through Steam."
,Not Recommended,503620,34144629,Posted: 10 August,all,Greg™,"This game feels nothing like the devs showed it would be. The AI is clunky and will only follow you around not diverting from the course you are on. The enemies are all the same just with different skins, you have the zombie like enemies which chase you around, some look slightly different and explode when you hit them. But over all each enemy is the same just slightly faster or slower.The spell casting system is really interesting and can make for something special but there is no reason to only select just 2 runes when making a more powerful spell, the rune system requires no strategy, just select all 3 runes and you have the spell but just better, but select only 2 and the spell will not differ, only being less powerful. The spells seem to be the same just one goes further and one explodes better. The lighting spell is in almost every way the same as the fireball only that it can go further and is therefore better, it can do the same damage to a building but bounce off it and take out multiply enemies at once.The destruction system is under developed. A hit on a wall with the lighting bolt will cause the entire roof to come down, but no damage to said wall. The towers you must destroy to keep going require only the slightest bit of it missing near the top to fail. Enemies rarely enter the buildings giving you very little reason to destroy them apart for a bit of mana.Visually this game looks outdated, even on highest the game looks only slightly better when compared to lowest. This game from the trailers seems to look very good, but in game it fails to achieve these graphics. This game is also horrible optimized. (For context i have an i7-6700k, 16 GB ram and an 1070) At the start of the game I got 60 fps, but as the enemies increased only by around 5 the fps would take a huge hit dropping to 35 fps and varying after that. For a game built around destruction, it can't handle to much destruction and is forced to remove the wreckage to get anywhere near 60 fps again.Each level this game has is overall the same. A mountain map, with around 10 - 15 houses which pretty much all look and feel the same, each having the same type of loot no matter if it is the mansion or the small little houses. Then there are a few enemies scattered around in groups with you either have to, run around destroying the towers, or killing all the enemies while destroying the towers. This game is clearly trying to do what ftl does, with its top down map, where you pick the location you go as the army chases you. But ftl has varying encounters. Each enemy having different sets of systems, weapons and races. But Fictorum has none of these and makes the game feel rushed and all in all the same.Overall this game is enjoyable for the first 20 minutes before you notice that it is all the same. It looks outdated and plays horrible. You can see where this game is trying to go, but it falls flat each time it tries. I would not recommend this game. Most early access games are better than this but alas this game is not in it."
76561198167238758,Recommended,503620,34281112,Posted: 16 August,all,MEplayzGames,"Graphics aren't the most amazing thing; sometimes the lighting looks a bit strange, but the gameplay is amazing. The spells are creative and the way you can shape them is awesome. Destruction is great, and really plays into combat. The story is like a text adventure combined with gameplay, and it's really cool to be playing as the bad guy instead of the savior of the nation. I hope the devs continue to support this game, because it has huge potential."
76561198031245927,Recommended,503620,34317649,Posted: 17 August,all,Meekro,"Good+ Unique spell system lets you tailor each cast to the needs of the moment.+ Destructible buildings are tons of fun. Nothing beats blowing a hole through a castle wall and charging in to slaughter everyone inside.Bad- There are only a handful of maps, and you'll start seeing repetitions within a couple hours of starting. You'll be fighting your way through the same castle that you just recently fought through.- Enemy AI is primitive, even by indie game standards.- There are really only two interesting mechanics: killing one of the few kinds of enemies, and destroying buildings. After a few hours, you'll probably be bored with both.- This game claims to distinguish itself by letting you play an overpowered wizard hell-bent on destruction and random slaughter, but bigger-budget games have already done this better. My witch doctor in Diablo 3 felt much more powerful than my wizard in Fictorum. And Just Cause 3's destructible environment provided a much wider variety of stuff to topple and blow up.ConclusionI found this game great for a few hours of fun. $20 well spent, so thumbs up overall! Just don't expect more than that."
,Recommended,503620,34764204,Posted: 5 September,all,Gamer Grill <3,"Needs a bit more work in some areas, but i love the concept and its the perfect game if you just want to be a badass and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up"
76561197987160536,Recommended,503620,34150183,Posted: 10 August,all,ShiftyTac,"Great game for what it is. This was made by a small dev team and serves it's purpose as a replayable, choose your own adventure style, blow up stuff with magic kind of game.The devs have been responsive and have said they will continue to refine and add to the game.Regardless of that, I feel that $20 is not asking a lot for a new, beautiful looking game that is as fun as this one has been.Obviously this game isn't for everyone but getting to relax after a long day and play a character who isn't your average save the princess type while destroying everything in sight has been pretty amazing."
76561198052275410,Recommended,503620,34226982,Posted: 13 August,all,curd.mitchell,"This game is addictive if you wish to be a God of Magic. Altering each spell you have with varying effects can lead to some pretty cataclysmic events. I know there isn't a huge story line or a great AI setup, but dancing around raining hell on a mountain landscape makes up for it.For the people who are saying its not worth the time or money, ordering pizza and renting a movie costs about the same but isn't nearly as interactive or fun."
,Recommended,503620,35043390,Posted: 18 September,all,Gamer 2.0,"Yes, the AI is a bit stupidYes, the levels are similarBut this game is INCREDIBLE fun. The spell-crafting system is well-made, the speed and intensity of the gameplay rises as more and more enemies are thrown at you like cannon-fodder for the ridiculous spells you can make in this game. People say it has no replayability, yet I've spend almost 30 hours in it, and plan to sink many more. A little rough around the edges, but these developers have done something with this game (their very first!) so much better than some AAA perfectly-scripted, 4K resolution drudge. They've made it really bloody fun!"
,Recommended,503620,34148771,Posted: 10 August,all,WrongfulRanger02,"It's not a bad game at all, kinda like a mix between Just Cause and The Elder Scrolls. It is somewhat complicated, but you learn quickly.I like how between levels, there's a story written about your adventure that you can copy to your clipboard and post online. That's a very nice touch.It's not as open as I would have liked, however. It would be awesome if there was a ""Free Play"" mode with a large map and all spells/items/ect unlocked for you to play around with.I saw some gifs of this game oosted on Reddit, and despite it's issues, I still think it's awesome. 8.7 out of 10."
76561198006723728,Recommended,503620,34216986,Posted: 13 August,all,Minsk and Boo,"If you're not put off by the price this game is fantastic fun! I've had easily 40 hours of mayhem fun and that to me is well worth it.Repetitive, yes. Non-existent AI - almost... although not sure melee has a choice vs wizard. Epic destructive building annihilating OP fun, definitely.9/10 would feel godlike power again - one point docked for the one spell-buff combo that is unbeatable imo."
76561198051872522,Recommended,503620,34148623,Posted: 10 August,all,Rising Tide,"Fictorum is baddass wizard simulatorDon't let anyone tell you otherwise. This game has one gameplay element - and it is an exemplary element. You are playing as a bad♥♥♥♥♥wizard, capable of leveling whole towns with a gesture of hand. Everything else that is in game is there just to get you from one mayhem to another and provide an excuse to wreak havoc.It has flaws. They should be apparent from description, but let me remind:Story is there only to move you from one destruction opportunity to another.RPG elements are in total: finding new spells, finding new equipment, and occasional perk.This is a rogue-lite type game. You can end it in like 4 hours, and that's expected. Replayability is provided by random elements.AI is simplistic.Game could be optimized better.There are some bugs to iron out.Now, what are the good parts that ouweight that?Destruction physics is excelent. You can destroy pretty much everything.Spells are expertly crafted, balanced and usefull. Finding new elements spells is a thrill.Game is FUN! That alone outweights all flaws.If you are considering buying this, and are not sure if it's for you, you should probably consider it as ""late early access"" - this game can and will be ironed out and polished, yet there are no game-breaker bugs, and it is fully playable. For a two-person studio this is an incredible feat.Now - the big question - would I buy it again? I certainly would. It's a lot of fun."
76561198045520478,Not Recommended,503620,34137210,Posted: 9 August,all,FVTVRST,"Admittedly enjoyable for the first hour or so.  But, it quickly becomes more of a novelty than anything.  Definetly not worth the price.  Performance isnt great either, but I will let other people tear it to shreds for that."
,Not Recommended,503620,34139800,Posted: 9 August,all,PuntCounder,"Fictorum feels like a blend of Faster Than Light, Hand of Fate, Red Faction style destruction, and its own unique twists. While the gameplay is very fun it feels like something is missing from the overall picture, the game does not feel completly whole to me. Where Fictorum grabs you is the gameplay and idea, very great and well done. But he overall execution leaves a little to be desired. If the game continues to get updates and content added the game can be great, but for now the game is just okay. ill come back in a little for sure, it just needs some more cooking time which is sad for a game that fully ""released""."
,Recommended,503620,34146698,Posted: 10 August,all,Trance,"I love games with destructable environments. Last one I really enjoyed was Red Faction Guerilla. In Fictorum, you're a wizard and can rain down meteors on buildings. It's straightforward, fun, and is challenging at times. Watch out for accidentally teleporting off cliffs."
76561197995311107,Recommended,503620,34127288,Posted: 9 August,all,xv bones,"pros -extremely promisingsome of the spells are spectacularblowing up buildings is deeply satisfyingconsiderably more depth than it seems at first glanceattentive devs who have pledged to continue to work on the gamecons -not enough variety in enemiesenemy ai is badly lackingoften difficult to see enemies; lack of a minimap compounds thiscould use more variety in maps, scripted eventssome of the spells aren't remotely as much fun as otherslooting can be a painwishlist -i'd love the ability to craft my own spellsboss events would be coolmore destructible stuff!  maybe being able to blow up parts of mountains or scenery, instead of just the buildings?"
76561198361959983,Recommended,503620,34128716,Posted: 9 August,all,maievoiences,101/100 love it!
,Recommended,503620,34241624,Posted: 14 August,all,SirCoquenballs,"Fictorum is a refreshinly unique RPG experience. The power trip you go on after building your character from the ground up is amazing, and I have yet to see an RPG this year thst has left me as satisfied as Fictorum. Unfortunately I don't think the game is worth its $20 price tag. With the lack of misson variety and maps I would only purchase this game if it went on sale for $10 or under. The game is a ton of fun, but certainly needs work if the dev team wants to us to pay $20 for it."
76561197993000360,Recommended,503620,34139363,Posted: 9 August,all,Dimreaver,"It's a great game.  It's a Roguelike.  Think ""Hand of Fate"" but with a powerfull mage protagonist.   If you're obsessed with power mages that send pieces of buildings flying and laying waste to armies of men that charge at you for a fight..you've got to try it.  And the best part of any Roguelike is also here....LOOOT!!!!!  Scouring around and finding loot that improves your character.That being said it's not without it's issues.  The game needs something akin to a AAA developers love and polish.  The Unreal Engin has proven to be highly robust but it's not properly implemented here...leading to various stutters and lag and sometimes collision bugs that will outright have you restarting missions.   Even the mouse tracking has a small delay that can  test your patience when trying to aim precise spells like Ice Spear at far away moving targets.On top of that you'll also find yourself doing different missions on maps that are a direct repeat of previous encounters.   Things like that attest to a certainly amount of laziness  in the development of the game, which once exposed can be expected throughout the rest of the title.  You won't find an RPG worth 100 hours of play here.  The NPC's in an ecounter do not speak or hand out missions but questing is still present.So to wrap it up..Roguelike, LOOOOOT, powerfull Mage Character, custom ""Hand of Fate"" type story telling... It's a good game.  It just needs some love (patches) and polish.It's more of a casual experience (making $20 is a little steep in price) so put it on Hard difficulty, set it to ""Hardcore mode"" and enjoy a couple of rounds seeing how far you can get one evening here and there."
,Recommended,503620,34140428,Posted: 9 August,all,Serious Seriously Sam,"I am absolutely surprised by how mostly quality this game is. Sure the Civilians walk weird and have strange faces but the fact is, this is a dream come true. A Wizard Destruction game where you get to destroy houses and buildings. This is easily a winner in my books. The graphics are nothing to howl about though and the story feels rather weak but the point is, the destruction is fun and the quests are good for the most part. Fun game if you like physics based gameplay and surprised by what a good development team this is."
,Not Recommended,503620,34201538,Posted: 12 August,all,Enkidu,"This game feels woefully incomplete. The mechanics are solid, and there's something there to build a real game, but the story and the way those mechanics are utilized don't lend itself to an interesting or immersive experience. It feels like a tacked-on justification to bring a semblance of meaning to what is essentially a proof-of-concept tech demo.As it stands, this game is NOT worth 20. If the game included a sandbox mode, I might see mysel paying 5-10 dollars for it."
,Recommended,503620,34227307,Posted: 13 August,all,Stale_Muffins,You just play an overpowered character and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up.Sold.
,Recommended,503620,34160738,Posted: 10 August,all,Eaglenaut,"I will update this review when I have 10 hours played.I purchased Fictorum today after being one the fence and talking about it with my game group; my first impression is that it is worth $20. It seems to me that I will be getting at least 30 hours of steady, fun play time.The game is missing most RPG elements, the only way to get sttonger is to collect tomes, scrolls, and equipemnt. However, the destory-em-all gameplay is so far very pleasing and has *enough* combat and spell elements to keep me playing.The node-based storytelling is engaging right now, and the starting calsses differ enough from each other to make a real difference.I am very excited to see what the mod community can do - after the Mac and Linux ports; though I would really like some achievements as well.Overall, 8/10."
76561198104089191,Recommended,503620,34132497,Posted: 9 August,all,Bushi Neko,"If Postal II had magic instead of guns, destructible environment and more of story than kill everyone for grins, it would be this game. This game has a pretty decent story, no guns but a crap ton of fun with magic and environment destruction, and of course, its ultimately kill everyone for grins, now if only you could dismember, burn to a fried critter and pee on to put out.. wow. Modding is coming tho'. Soooo.. anything is possible?If you encounter a bug with your video settings messing up your mouse movement at menu, ALT+ENTER will allow you to retune your graphics.  Id say I would update this about that when it gets patched.. but I know I wont.ED: So I wrote this, then said... well I probably wont play that very much... and went back in and lost track of time.Its not a master piece of gaming. Its not an award winning game, but its mindless fun wiping entire villages / forts / enemies / civilians off the map with your magic.I think $19.99 may be a little high for the current if your after what the vids really look like, but play wise, yeah. I can get 20$$ out of this. Plus family share allowed for another to enjoy blasting away. Eh, not to bad."
76561197979917077,Recommended,503620,34145437,Posted: 10 August,all,Zybikron,"The game has issues for sure. The graphics aren't great, but they aren't terrible. (They just look older, maybe 5-10 years?) The gameplay can be repetitive, and the AI is pretty simple. It could really do with a minimap and an enemy tracker. I spent 10 minutes searching for an archer who turned out to be hiding on the cliffs above me.All that said, I'll be damned if the game isn't fun. You travel on a map from node to node (think FTL) where you are often given a moral choice (help the person in need, leave them in a ditch). If you choose to help you either go into an environment and lay waste to your enemies by shooting them with magic or destroying the environment around them (think red faction but as a skyrim wizard). You make you're way to the locked exit, which you can leave through at any time before or after you achieve the local goal.The story is interesting-ish as well. But can also get repetitive in some places."
76561197981871713,Recommended,503620,34131635,Posted: 9 August,all,[DR]Mange,"This is a really creative idea for a rogue-like game and I find myself really enjoying the magic and obcessing over my character stats. It reminds me somewhat of Everspace in that once you aggro enemies, they are relentless.The choose-your-own-adventure feeling to the story is also very nice.Pricing seems a little steep at $20 but all in all, I have enjoyed this game more than I anticipated."
,Recommended,503620,34148728,Posted: 10 August,all,Geraden,It's quite a fun game. Think FTL crossed with Magicka.
76561198041984461,Recommended,503620,34149041,Posted: 10 August,all,Tesla,Although it doesn't seem as polished as is hoped I'm enjoying the game.  If you like destructive arcane fighting style this game would probably suit you.
76561198002571542,Recommended,503620,34149362,Posted: 10 August,all,rupert,"Look, this is a fun game. If you're looking for some deep♥♥♥♥♥♥ maybe look somewhere else. If you're looking for an interesting story with a grumpy and sometimes (if you want) reluctantly heroic protagonist this is a great game. This is just straight up fun, blowing stuff up like you're ♥♥♥♥en Merlin the Gandalf of Magealopia. For me I'd say it's worth $20 both for the game and to hopefully encourage more stuff like this."
,Not Recommended,503620,34149482,Posted: 10 August,all,"Solaire, Lord of Sunlight",Generally a bad game has some fun elements but nothing worth playing for more than 45 minutes at a time
76561197970478357,Not Recommended,503620,34132278,Posted: 9 August,all,Stabbed Rat,"When I saw some gameplay of this game before it was released, I thought ""Oh good, a follow on from Linchdom : Battlemage"". While I knew the 2 are completely unrelated, the premises both looked similar. I must admit though, I was disappointed with Fictorum. It is rather repetitive, the world is fairly lifeless and unimpressive, the combat is not particularly engaging, the AI of the enemies is not great and the physics are... unpredictable.While I know this is from an Indie studio, so cannot expect AAA levels of polish and depth, it does seem that a lot of important things have been left out, for want of focusing on other parts of the game that don't really add much to it.While I know there will be people out there who will love this, I am sad to say I was not one of them."
,Not Recommended,503620,34136859,Posted: 9 August,all,Rogueelite,"As a fan of the Red Faction series I will try to control my bias... The destruction is lack luster at best. The buildings blow apart like peices of lego. The AI is unimpressive, even in great numbers, running at you like mindless zombies. Controls are unrefined. Running and moving around feels like ice-skating. The options menus are bad. The character and plot development feels random and difficult to grasp. Couldn't find anything I liked. Refunded."
,Recommended,503620,34125075,Posted: 9 August,all,twitch.tv/HypoTube,"Warning: Please read in full or read the end result!Fictorum is an interesting game/concept that makes my inner dnd nerdgasm. The game has a promising premise, power system/use and punishes the player for mindless play. The game as a whole package is worth $20 but it leaves much be desired for npc interactions/behavior, movement fluidity/animation and overall level design.Levels are just islands that feel almost sculpted abruptly with little to no time put into development for them and loot feels awkwardly placed throughout the landscape.The player has no option of approach trying to sneak up on citizens/npcs when suddenly they all become alert to my presence to which seems based on distance even if solid objects are directly between us. The npc system feels extremely lackluster and rather mediocre.Not to mention the glorious fun of zapping buildings to blow them up only to have a tiny piece of rubble take a chunk of your hp out of nowhere. Building pieces/parts/furniture have no connection between one another when you zap an entire wall into oblivion only to see a table with some flowers unharmed behind the now shambles wall. It takes the appealing almost sexual joy of blowing buildings to smithereens and dampens it to casual ""meh""The movement feels somewhat wonky as the character seems to almost glide over the landscape and animations for falling and moving feel static and unadaptable to the already lackluster levels/surroundings. Also, my character doesn't make a sound doing much of anything besides taking damage, add some grunts and HAHA'S and make 200 of em, already better than no reaction at all until he takes damage.Final Judgement: The game is very lackluster on many aspects but excels at a few, the game in its current state does not feel like a complete product, even for an indie company. (perhaps my standards are too high) Regardless, you'll notice I recommend this game because I think you should try it for yourself, keep your play time under 2 hours, see the promise in this title, and refund and follow/wait for future developments or perhaps you're a risk taker and want to buy it and wait, whatever floats your boat. This game has potential. Potential that has yet to be utilized but potential nonetheless. I will be watching this game perhaps weekly excited for news and updates and possible fixes to my personal issues with the game.  For $20 and a hopeful future it's worth it but Scraping Bottom Games hopefully pulls through and continues to develop this game further. That in itself will be the surest sign of my continued support. Buy at your own risk."
76561197971796561,Recommended,503620,34134735,Posted: 9 August,all,HoboWithaShotgun,"Worth the price.  This is a really fun game where your actions have consequences.  If you’re not careful with your spell control you can accidently bring buildings down on yourself and innocents or destroy loot inside.  You can’t just spam spells.  You have to think about what you’re doing.     I think the players not recommending this haven't put in enough time.  Character control is a little rough in the beginning but it improves quickly.  There are a lot of spells and enchanting and shaping gives them depth.  It’s not Skyrim, but for the price and a small developer it’s pretty amazing.Runs a 50+ fps @ 4k for me.  Looks pretty good."
,Not Recommended,503620,34173192,Posted: 11 August,all,Bert the Vicuna,"Blowing up houses is fun for the first hour, but neither the story or the gameplay holds up to anytype of replayability. The game seemed reminicent of early 2000's adventure titles. Im sure if I played the game more quest variety would of improved as with locations. Is it worth $20 possibly, but for me it felt a little under polished and not enough interesting things to do. Albeit, I cannot comment on the story, because I didnt want to read a wall of text. This game has potential and im curiuos to see where it goes, but for now I cannot reccomend it."
,Recommended,503620,34148474,Posted: 10 August,all,Naliao,"Very interesting and fun game, hopefully with money from nerds buying the game, the dev can add more depth to the game. Even still, its worth a buy"
,Recommended,503620,34133341,Posted: 9 August,all,Misfitfan3996,"Within three hours I have gone from not knowing what it's like to be a wizard to creating spells on the fly jumping off cliffs and destroying buildings.  This is the best and easiest decision as to how to spend $20.  The game is as deep as you would like it to be. Is it a triple A title? Hell no and that is not what I expected. What I got was the equivalent of one though.  Honestly you can read other reviews for pro's and con's. If you have the least bit of interest in destruction and magic, buy it."
,Recommended,503620,34129874,Posted: 9 August,all,Preston Garvey,"Fictorium is a game that makes one feel as a true wizard, while it has it's bugs and downsides the positives far outweigh the negatives, only major issue i've found is in chapter 3 i got a map without any shops so no way of properly healing which has caused some problems but other than that the bugs are remarkably few and very small so i've barely noticed them, while i think it's a bit overpriced paying that little extra to support the devs so they can continue to make fictorium even better is worth it for me."
,Recommended,503620,34153636,Posted: 10 August,all,Megamatch,"A surprisingly fun third-person action game with a bit of FTL sprinkled in for good measure. The combat in Fictorium is all about firing off powerful spells at somewhat weak enemies. All the spells are satisfying to use, and there are a fair number of unlockable starting loadouts -- called Titles -- that you can use to customize each run through the randomized campaign. There is also an optional hardcore mode with permadeath -- you can unlock a powerful item that allows you to fly by beating the game on medium or higher on hardcore mode. Go into the game with an open mind and don't expect something as detailed as Skyrim from a small indie studio at a $20 price tag, and the game can be a ton of fun."
,Recommended,503620,34155377,Posted: 10 August,all,Smart-Ass Crab,"First off, I'd like to say that the game is a lot of fun, and offers various large explosions that make you feel badass as hell. Blowing up buildings is loads of fun, and once modding gets up and running, the game's potential is going to skyrocket. To be clear however, the game isn't perfect, while using the environment to kill an enemy is unbeliebably fun, it rarely happens and it's difficult to set up.For another thing, the buildings in the game are rarely inhabited, and are usually left empty, which makes perhaps the best looking part of the game, destruction not worth it, especially since the buildings contain loot, so in terms of gameplay, it's way better to leave the buildings untouched, at least until after searching through them, which can break the flow of play, and it's often better to do after killing the enemies, which defeats the main purpose. Despite the fact the blowing them up is fun, there's not enough motivation to do so in normal play. Then again, I still do it because explosion.Fighting troops that rush you can be interesting, but it's often easier to just spam 1 spell, rather than use tactics or cooler spells. I would suggest making troops sometimes group up and stay ground in formation, or maybe try and hold a building, unaware that this would be the end of them.To be clear, the game has a vast assortment of great features, which are highlighted in other reviews, but this is more focused on what I believe could make the game more enjoyable if changed."
76561198100332780,Not Recommended,503620,34130730,Posted: 9 August,all,Captain Stubbs,"TL;DR: I just cannot like the game in it's current state, everything here feels so lack luster. Get it on sale after it's been severely updated if you're super interested.So I went into this game with very average expectations; i.e. excited for it but still remembering the no mans sky fiasco.I walked into my first map after the tutorial and noticed a building right infront of me. Obviously I was excited to try out the physics so I shot my tiny little ice spear into the bottom side of the house and the roof shot half way accross the map. Now I wasn't bothered by that, I thought that was funny infact. But it was a cruel forshadowing that nothing works quite like I thought it would.Every enemy in the game (with few exceptions listed later) runs at you sword raised and shouting, or maybe I just pretend they're shouting, and line up to be demolished mindlessly, never offering any way to alter gameplay, and definietly never rewarding creative gameplay. It makes your options durring a fight pretty much dodge shoot, dodge shoot, even once you start picking up new spells it's only cool for a few seconds before you go back to your way too reliable left click ability. Now admittedly there are a few enemy deviations, the archers stand back and shoot once every few minutes, there are captains who boost other troops or debuff you, as well as other wizards to fight against, which I might add, did up the fun factor of this game a bit at first, until you realize the captains just run like everyone else and the wizards spam one spell (and even if that's only an early game thing the ai is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it wouldn't matter what kinda spell power was being brought)I tried the various starting schools of magic, ice leaving you really dissapointed, fire being a little too overpowered, and lighting, well lightning was my favorite actually. Sure it takes the difficulties away from fighting enemies but is that really so bad here? I see there are more unlockable schools but I don't even have the drive to finish a full playthrough, I don't think i'll be seeing extra content.I really appreciate what these people were trying to do with this game, and being that it's a smaller team this is pretty good work, but I heavily believe they should have focused this concept into a much smaller project. This has a lot of promise and potential and yadda yadda, but they just plain overextended what they were trying to do.To wrap everything up I wouldn't say ""never ever by this game ever!"" but I would most definitely recommend letting it get sever updates and wait for a big sale."
,Not Recommended,503620,34125165,Posted: 9 August,all,Corey,"This game is horrible. You can start a level with the enemies running at you into a building you never left because they automatically know your location, creating an impossible scenario because your spells destroy the building, and the clunky ai blocks the door. This was the least thought out game mechanic I have ever seen.Enemies know where you are at all times. It's such bad programming you can't help but laugh.They will attack you across the map, and sometimes without you revealing yourself in any way whatsoever.Clunk / 10 would not play again"
,Recommended,503620,34140435,Posted: 9 August,all,MrSuperDuck,"TL;DR Review:Is this a GREAT game?No.Is it a fun, low budget, indie title with a lot of GREAT ideas and a solid execution?HELL YES!Longer Review:So, I have been looking forward to this game for quite a while. Seeing all the gifs and youtube clips have been piquing my fantasy intrests in all the right ways. My overall experience with this game has defintiely been positive overall and I can't wait to see what more will come.Game feels solid, basic, but solid. You really do feel like an INCREDIBLY powerful spell caster taking on enemy after enemy. Being able to cast MASSIVE fireballs from the sky, arcing lightning bolts, and deadly ice spears is an absolute treat. I feel more powerful at the START of this game than I do by most other games end-game time, yet I still find my style evolving with the different runes and new abilites to change thigs up consistantly. The maps themselves also feel, again basic, but different enough to make most every area feel unique and have its own mini town in each. The story is also very enveloping. With an old school ""choose your own adventure"" feel with a multitude of options and choices that can make or break a run with a brand new legendary item or an ambush of enemies that will make you to fight for your life.Now for the bad. For starters, the AI is... dumb... putting it nicely. Enemy fighters run STRAIGHT at you, with little reguard to what's in front of them. Archers stand in place and NEVER move. The most intelligent enemies are the ~invisible~ creatures, and spellcasters which will try to move around you in a circle until they can attack you. This game also has 2 terrifyingly painful enemies. One is melee enemies with FIRE AOE and HASTE and the other is, of all things...bushes. Bushes will conceal spellcasters and archers, with them having perfect line of sight on you, forcing you to have to throw AOE spells in the vain hope of hitting something. A lesser problem that I had was with the maps and story lines. While nice, can get repetitive reeeeaaaaallllll quick seeing litterally the same story choices within chapters, and sometimes even the same maps multiple times in a row. And overall the ""RPG"" statistics in the game feel like a tiny numbers game with minor incremental increases without really being able to ""feel"" the changes, barring a major power spike.Now I do have quite a few more hypercritical analyses, buy my overall appreciation for this game far outweighs any nitpicky gripes that I could say to ruin it. This game is clearly low budget, with a small studio of some 4~5 people. The game is filled with TONS and TONS of potential with very unique elements that... frankly DON'T SUCK, and I find it crazy that I've never seen like this. I can only imagine if this game had even 1/2 the budget of most any other MAJOR game that this would become aninstantclassic. I can't wait to see what more this company has to bring to the table, and definitely recommend giving this game a shot."
,Not Recommended,503620,34138805,Posted: 9 August,all,Zent,"Game is far too difficult, buildings are barely destructible even with high explosive fireballs, they practically detonate on the first hit regardless of the spell strength, after that it's a complete chore trying to destroy anything in this ""destructible environment"" the enemies feel like an army of demigods chasing after a level 1 mage. Kiting around a dozen or so inquisitors and get a full on multishot high explosive fireball into the lot of them and I'll be lucky if 2 die, or I can spec lightning bolt and 1 shot one at a time. No way to regen or heal yourself outside of vendors or mythical healing potions that, as far as I can tell, don't exist. Going around in plate armor for maximum defense and resist and I am still made of freakin glass and regardless of how many shapes or what shapes I put into my spells I cannot reasonably kill the hordes of spear throwing, bow armed, and spellcasting ranged mobs this game throws at me without ending every level at half health on a good run. If they add a way to regen, lifesteal, or absorb damage, something other than this garbage blink, I might retry on this game. This feels like a terribly designed game that's still in alpha/pre alpha state, MAYBE closed beta at best. To release this and charge 19.99 for it is just silly, 9.99 MAYBE, but overall I would really not recommend this game to anyone unless you're playing it on the easiest setting until they change things. IF they change things."
,Recommended,503620,34134900,Posted: 9 August,all,CradleR0bin,"I don't normally write reviews and this one isn't going to be long. I've had a blast in this game, you can loot every building if you want, you can leave a swath of destroyed buildings in your wake. I mean what you do and how you do it is up to you. Plus the fact that Inquisition is constantly on your heels gives a sens of urgency of things.It's so much fun!!! I just had to leave the review, now I'm going to go back to playing! Thanks for the awesome game!"
76561198121438161,Recommended,503620,34126191,Posted: 9 August,all,Sprinkles,"This is an absolutely fantastic game that I found myself enjoying far more than I expected.Pros:-Good physics-Challenging enemies-Fairly well optimized. I experienced only a little lag when I destroyed a lot of buildings at once though I have a GTX 1070 and an i7-6700k @ 4 GHz so your experience may differ-Devs promise continued updates-Good loot-Tons of customization for spells and items-Well written texts-Graphics that are passable and will hopefully get better-And a bunch more positivesCons:-I haven't encountered too many things I would call cons, the main problem that could happen is the maps or story become repetetive after awhile but I havent run into that problem yet-Needs more enemies typesSummary:This is a great game with lots of potential, especially if theres mod support and continued updates. It plays well and satisfies the desire for a good, challenging magic game that doesnt make you wait to get powerful spells to completely obliterate buildings and enemies. At $20 I feel that its worth the price and if its on sale its a must buy in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,503620,34136447,Posted: 9 August,all,malaisling,"The trailers heavily skew the gameplay to look like something it is not.The game does include casting super spells, yes. But that is literally only a second worth of gameplay. Most of your time is spent casting weaker spells at generic mobs that do nothing but run towards you. In a copy paste map of assets. And even if you get those super spells, do you really think it will be fun. Casting the same thing over and over. The game showcases the player casting each of those spells once in a highly dramatized scenario, each of them, one after the other. Do you really think the whole game would actually be that exciting, or set up those situations remotely often. You need to get each or any of those spells somehow, get into that exact dramatic circumstance, then you use it once; and that's it. That's one second that is actually interesting, out of the entire game.Everything about the game is basically done in a poor or uninteresting way.The maps are just a land texture that has been made into an arbitrary shape. With the same destructable house and tree assets placed all around. As well as some foliage and other plant life that strangely has no collision at all. There is no structure to the maps, at all. They are just islands full of assets.The enemies spawn randomly around the map, they have no formation or strategy. Melee enemies do nothing but run directly at you, they do nothing else. Ranged enemies do nothing but stand still and shoot at you, or strafe and shoot at you. The enemies are not only uninteresting visually, but functionally they are completely boring to fight. They do not even have basic dynamic programming, they just follow the player from any distance regardless of line of sight; basically their only programming as enemies is to move towards the player and attack when they get near them.The fact that the enemies are programmed with the complexity that a ten minute Unity game design tutorial can teach a developer to deliver; says basically all you need to know about this game.The combat comes down to the player shooting at the enemy models in the distance as they approach, backing up and shooting at them as they get closer, and running away when they get too close so you can start shooting at them again. That is all there is to it, it's just you shooting at generic models as they approach you. That is basically the whole game, you can try blowing up some houses and hope the rubble maybe hits one of the enemies if they happen to be near it. Or you can kill them instantly with a basic spell. The only specific thing the combat has is the ability to alter your spells. This involves the player slowing down time to drag their cursor to a certain spell augment option on screen to change the spell. You have to break up the flow of the game and waste your time to augment each spell each time you cast it, and selecting specific augments is pointless when you can just activate them all each time and recieve no real penalty for it, when the basic spell already one shots most enemies as it is.The looting in the game is also quite bad. A lot of loot is found in those generic destructable houses. So if you want the loot, better not destroy any houses. You then can spend a bunch of time searching the copy paste house assets for pointless loot, basically doubling the gameplay time. And if you play in third person, first person is forced each time you enter a house that is in tact. So have fun with that constant change too. The loot itself is the pretty generic Role-Playing Game style. Generic items with generic effects, and loads of statistics which mention all these different variables and factors you have no reason to care about. Just equip something, it does not matter, why waste time reading through all the different statistics just so you can find which equipment is zero point zero one percent better then the other. Just equip something, it really won't make a difference, most of the gameplay is just the player back-peddling away from enemies while shooting at them anyways.The progression feels empty, like the rest of the game. Progression is basically, getting new things. But they are not interesting things, and they don't feel like they advance you any more. They are just, different things. Things which you almost always have to look up in your inventory because the screen pop up telling you what you got usually does not tell you enough. At least for spells. If you want to know what the spell does, you need to find it in your inventory, then find the actual spell description among all the pointless statistics associated with the spell. Getting new spells, or anything else really, doesn't feel like an accomplishment. It doesn't feel like they have value, or any importance really.The text events the game has are nicely written and phrased, however they require multiple clicks to advance them to the end. So that wastes time, especially since the game is full of them and they are not the actual gameplay. The game commands so little credence or feelings of significance though that the existence of the text events at all just is a waste of time. Like with picking out specific equipment, why bother. It really does not feel like any of it matters.The full controller support is also technically false. The game has full; Steam, controller support. It will not recognize other controllers at all unless you have your Steam settings set to convert your not-Steam controller to behave like one. Numerous other, cheaper, games have proper controller support but this one apparently does not. And aiming the camera with the controller generally feels slow and slightly weighted.The game is certainly not worth the price. At half the price, it would be an acceptable low-end attempt at a Rogue-like Role-Playing Game. But it costs a quarter more then numerous other Rogue-likes and Indie games in general which are actually skillful established installments in this genre. This is a novice attempt at one, it really should not be priced as if it is a fully competent game."
76561197993315064,Not Recommended,503620,34133846,Posted: 9 August,all,Sayrthara,"This is a disaster, a great idea done wrong - bad graphics and optimization for enemies, poor controls, FTL-rippped level progression. Had such high hopes for the game, but itsnt worth the time, should still be in early beta."
76561198066394915,Not Recommended,503620,34133268,Posted: 9 August,all,Atrox,"I know this game just came out and all, but right now it is a pretty bad game. There game play is just too simple, you run around and spam your spells on zombie ai that follow you around. The loot system is just boring, finding a house and looking around for some boots. The constant ""spell shaping"" gets repetitive very fast, dragging your mouse around the screen as fast as you can so you dont kill yourself. And, the whole plot is to jump from one snowy mountain to another, repeating the same thing, and running away from the enemy. Overall, I would say the game is worth maybe 5 dollars at the moment."
76561198325600974,Not Recommended,503620,34130195,Posted: 9 August,all,Archdevil Rotu,"Disapointingly bland.Countless waves of enemies, you feel bad♥♥♥♥♥until you keep getting peppered with spears. It's a directionless Out  of Mana simulator..."
,Not Recommended,503620,34131620,Posted: 9 August,all,frozen ox,"This is not a good game. Controls are sluggish AND the graphics are ancient. I'd sacrifice graphics if the gameplay was snappy, but you're getting the worst of both. The desctructive environment is not even that great...again because the graphics look 10 years old. There's little story, or characters, or anything remotely RPG about this. It's just mindless spellcasting and it's not even that fun. Skyrim with some spellcast mods blows this out of the water. For $20 this is bad. After 20 minutes I had no desire to continue playing this. Decent idea, amateur implementation."
,Not Recommended,503620,34224113,Posted: 13 August,all,TuxRox,"This game is built from a great concept, a powerful mage who blows buildings asunder, throwing destruction effortlessly. And yeah it almost works, but in it's current state this game is held back by terible AI, and a lackluster loot system which basically amounts to searching buildings of 6 or so layouts repeatedly untill you get sick of it and start blowing them up for essence.This game is so close to good that I would recomend buying it, that is if the devs weren't insecure individuals who take any critisim towards their game as a personal attack and will dismiss your feeback along with the comunity of supporters who clearly are not playing the same game I did.So if you like combat that amounts to kite and cast spells until hp bar is empty with no real need for strategy or thought, and you like mindlessly exploring identical buildings over and over then this game is for you. Otherwise wait for a sale less than 5$ or wait for patchs that make the loot and combat more interesting."
76561198007817757,Not Recommended,503620,34158509,Posted: 10 August,all,wspeter1166,"This game works very poorly. The games AI bots will run straight for you no matter what, I watch all the maps AI ran off a cliff trying to get to me after i took out a bridge, the maps AI aggro range is way off things aggroed to me with no way have nowing i was there. this is not a game but a teck demo if i can even call it that. i want to like this but there is nothing here to like lots of good ideas with no pay off"
,Recommended,503620,34161102,Posted: 10 August,all,Artisan Noodle,"It feels like the beta version of a very good game. Mechanics are solid, interesting, and fun. The FTL style procedural generation calls back to one of my favourite games, but the levels themselves are uninspiring from what I've seen. I've spent about a third of my time trying to enchant a ring and can't quite manage it, which is either a hopeful sign of complex depth or a woeful premonition of an ugly inventory and crafting system.Good game, needs work. At 10 bucks it's a steal, at 20 it's worth it, provided the devs continue the support they've shown up to this point."
,Not Recommended,503620,34132489,Posted: 9 August,all,MusclyNerd,I don't often buy games straight away as I like to see reviews and gameplay first.The game feels like its in early alpha its unbelivable that it is released. It takes about 2-3 minutes for it to load on the first launch then about 40 seconds after with a loading screen saying this may take several minutes...all its doing is loading a low quality main menu not a huge world map.The graphics are poorgameplay so far is boring and samish the ai just randomly runs at you doesn't feel any actual aliveness to it.The story barely makes any sense to the purpose of anythingTo progress onto next levels you destroy weird tower beacons.And saving the best till late for some reason none of my data was saved when I relaunched.The game game physics are also poor with going near abit of brick falling of a building and causing you to suddenly die. Everything about this game feels like its pre alpha. I think the developer wanted a quick buck and runEven for a beta this game would be bad.
,Not Recommended,503620,34186857,Posted: 12 August,all,Nagilum,"There were several times where the entire environment around me flickered, both while I was walking and standing still.The burning text during the tutorial was almost unreadable for me. I had to try from different angles to get the whole meaning.A lot of items pop into existance when you get close enough, which kinda takes away from the immersion of the game.When you destroyed parts of a building it seems the destroyed parts dissapeared after a few seconds, which I found very weird.Good first attempt for game creators, but the game still seems to be in beta, almost alpha."
,Recommended,503620,34133427,Posted: 9 August,all,TechnoSpirits,"This is a great game. If your looking to feel like a complete badass and level buildings and enemies with cool looking spells, this is the game for you. The rune system is the coolest thing i've seen in any magic game, theres so many options for spells that its not even funny. these guys did a great job on their 1st game."
76561197975180787,Recommended,503620,34337454,Posted: 18 August,all,BlackSouls3,Great mechanics. For $20 this is perfect if you just want to master casting spells and experience the tension of a wizard on the run.
,Recommended,503620,34137550,Posted: 9 August,all,Tar_ogre,"I found this game fun and enjoyable, it can be repetitve at times but that is ok. I would say it needs some polish and that the game devs might have rushed the last little bit near the end but the games major points were there, customizable magic to a degree, destructable enviroments and a rogue-like element similar to that of FTL so that is a plus. Over the game still needs a bit of polish here or there but overall an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,503620,34160150,Posted: 10 August,all,MasterOfMath,"The concept is fun, however it is currently poorly optimized with many framerate stutters. I would wait a few months"
76561198078454454,Recommended,503620,34156686,Posted: 10 August,all,OGC | Zelimar,Came into it with low expectations10/10 Would wage war with the inquisition and crush their bodys under rubble.
76561198042669038,Recommended,503620,34169360,Posted: 11 August,all,"et tu, BRUTE-FORCE?",Killed by falling building rubble rather than my enemies? 12/12
76561198094893323,Recommended,503620,34177701,Posted: 11 August,all,♏Buzzillio♏,"Ok where do I begin...I mean I could start with the sliding feet...everyone seems to say that...but its hard to focus on them when I'm blowing up a F*CKING BRIDGE!!! JUDGEMENT DAY B*TCHES WHOOOOOOO LETS GO!!! Ok first off, this game is beautiful. The scenery, setting the magic, THE POWER!!! It was super clever how you used miasthma (tell me I'm wrong on that spelling XD) to add in boundaries without adding boundaries. it feels super open world without the burden of actually being open world. I also enjoyed how the story aspect makes it more personal, like this is YOUR story, not the wizard you're playing as. YOURS. (I liked that part where the couple snitched and then I killed everyone. Good times)Now I do have concerns...one part in particular...one goof that you made.You gave me a meteor. tsk tsk tsk. I dunno your story, or who you are...but that wasn't smart. E'erybody knows I'll abuse that spell...which I did. and still do. BUT...I found a better one. LIGHTENING BOLT. Sweet Jesus take the wheel while I aim this sh*t. My god, its faster, cheaper and honestly just as effective (more so on the homes of the innocent...if you're cleaning house, lighening bolt over meteor any day of the week)The only things I could ask for are more customization options. I know it won't ever be a priority I just enjoy picking my look. I help me get more into the game. I already know that you'll be adding more spells, runes and items no doubt so I won't even ask about that XDI will however say I very much look forward to further updates, and can't wait to see what other toys I get to break XDKEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!!!"
,Recommended,503620,34156470,Posted: 10 August,all,Razgriz 1,"The game is super fun.  It is not some RPG story masterpiece, and it doesn't claim to be.  The point of the game is that there are a million different ways to kill that enemy, or take out that obstacle blocking your path, and it accomplishes this very well.  The spell shaping system is vaguely reminiscent of the support gem system from PoE.  You get runes with which you can change how your spell works quickly and on the fly.  If you want to shoot someone with a plain fireball, you can.  But a plain fireball is boring!  How it about we make the explosion much larger?  You can do that.  Or make it faster and easier to hit stuff with.  Also an option.  But hey, maybe you'd just like to cast it and watch enemies die.  There's a homing rune for that too.  Come to think of it, you'd like to watch multiple enemies die in multiple explosions.  You can do multishot+homing so you can shoot multiple projectiles and have all of them home towards an enemy.There are multiple variations of every rune, many of them are element specific, with the advantage of having higher damage.  You can find rare runes which have better stats than their more common versions.  The advantage, and the pull of this game is not in the story, it's in all the different ways you can kill everything."
,Recommended,503620,34176297,Posted: 11 August,all,Praetor,"As far as the state of the game right now, it needs some work...It's a fun little time waster with a very interesting gameplay mechanic. However, it's strenth is also it's greatest weakness, as just a time waster shouldn't be marked at $20 USD.Being able to manipulate a spell into having certain aspects, such as more velocity or the ability to stun enemies, is cool, and it turns effectively turns one spell into a mixture of 3 to 4 spells depending on the aspects you choose when you cast it.The spellcasting is definitely a cool take on the traditional mage archetype, but that's about where the game stops being interesting. It tries to create an interesting FTL-esque ""jump to the next waypoint and see what's there"" scenario where you are running from a power far stronger than you. On the map screen, it's intimidating to watch ""The Inquisition"" take over the map as you run frantically towards the exit, but up close in the encounter maps, the almighty force is just a bunch of dudes who you can string along until your mana gauge fills up again and you can just spam the area attacks until everything is dead. Every now and again you'll encounter a larger, stronger enemy that's slightly faster than you, so you'll have to sprint and blink around, but eventually they'll go down like the rest.As for the map design, the arenas get a bit samey most of the time, and some of them are full of empty space with nearly nothing to do. What is cool is to throw a fireball or ice spike at a house/tower and watch it fall to pieces, crushing whoever is unlucky enough to be near the falling rubble, but outside of that areas are lacking in a certain level of detail, and feel like sandboxes with towers that you can destroy.Overall, the game shows promise, but definitely has a long way to go before it's worthy of a $20 USD price tag.TL;DR: Fun gameplay, kind of lame AI and maps."
76561198046949111,Recommended,503620,34127424,Posted: 9 August,all,Zander013,"I picked this game up after a year of so of seeing the it posted on reddit.the game has its buggy moments but overall its well put together.This is an RPG not a blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up and be OPAF.after 3 hours ive gotten into the 4th chapter and maybe after that it gets better.It is rough on the second lowest difficulty, it needs a bit of fine tuning and im sure that will definatly come as the game comes out.most annoying thing about ive seen so far is the buildings they are great to blow up but having one come down on you head and take you out trying to defend youself is a not fun."
,Recommended,503620,34127299,Posted: 9 August,all,SuperGibbon,"This game is FUN.You start off with good magic and it only gets better. You use the magic to play however you want. You want to destroy everything, kill everyone...you can. Want to use more precise to just take out those that try to hurt you and leave the innocents alive with theirs houses in tack...you can.I've just finished chapter 1 so I've only just started on my play through but I'm having a blast.P.s. when you get Meteor, stuff goes BOOM"
,Not Recommended,503620,34458382,Posted: 24 August,all,Forsyte,"Was actually really looking forward to this game, and it delivered... somewhat. While they did give the core of the game, being able to customize your spells, it feels HEAVILY lackcluster to me as the game's layout is the following:You have a map.Said map has a bunch of destinationsOn the other side of the map, it's your objectiveTo get to that objective, you have to go throughvery short levels. (bad decision from my perspective)And also, you can't even properly explore all the areas, as you have the bad guys chasing the map and conquering it behind you. (Double bad).Im honestly dissapointed, i was expecting something that'd allow you to mess around more, but this game is just ... they give you alot of tools, yes, but you're so streamlined and funneled into a  specific spot, is almost useless...Besides, everything feels barren, repetitive, you can only cast a single powerful spell before running out of mana most of the time."
,Recommended,503620,34130924,Posted: 9 August,all,Birdfoot,"If you're looking for a very difficult game that involves blowing stuff up, and you enjoy doing that with magic this game is definitely for you.HOWEVER there are some things that definitely need to be fixed.Examples:AI is very dumbSpell casting has some connection issues i.e. the spell doesn't hit even if it's in the area it says it willNot much indication you're taking damageThe game gets ridiculously difficult due to no health regenThe game is run on Unreal 4, which isn't the most graphically appealing.All in all, the game is super fun but also rage-inducing at times. If you can get this for a slightly reduced price, do so."
,Recommended,503620,35129370,Posted: 22 September,all,Temeraire,"The reviews for this game are 'mixed' right now because it seems like the people giving it bad reviews don't know what Early Access is or means, especially for an indie game developer. Yes, there are rough edges. Very rough. The graphics are visually in the scope of Elder Scrolls: Oblivion: kind of blocky, not stunning in this day and age. The engine, however, runs smooth and satisfying. I blew up a whole town just for the fun of watching the buildings collapse.Now you can whine about the plot and storytelling, and that's acceptable for sure, but I think right now they're focused on refining gameplay. There's room in the current 'plot' to add in elements of a choose-your-own adventure (more than they already have, that is) that ends with you either being a Good Guy or and Evil Guy (ala Fable series). And they definitely need a better writer for the journal thing they have going on, because the person they have now is, uh, not great.All that taken into account, in my opinion it's worth the $20 to see where this game could go. It has a good foundation to build on, and it isn't wasting time trying to be a massive open-world monster. And the combat is unbelievably fun and satisfying.Scraping Bottom Games, if you're reading this: for real, get a better writer."
,Recommended,503620,34153990,Posted: 10 August,all,Spearitless,"Just started playing, but it has an interesting premise. It delivers exactly as the trailers have shown, which is wonderful. The combat is interesting with the spell warping and you'll find that it feels way more natural to do than expected. The AI feels clunky, with a sort of Mount and Blade style ""I will run up and kill you now, hya!"" type feel to it, so it would be nice to have some better AI. Your spellslinging feels wonderful though, and that's the bulk of the game.Oh, forgot to mention the destruction. It's nicely put together, the debris has physics and can crush you, enemies, and civilians. Different spells will have different power and distribution, and therefore will do more or less damage to enemies and/or terrain. It's well thought out and again, not perfect but I definitely enjoy it.The main screen is basically FTL: Wizard Edition. You are hopping from section to section trying to reach the end before the Inquisition catches you. If they catch up, you must fight them and most likely die. When you take damage, it is there until you find a health potion, rest (health regains slowly when you rest), or going to a merchant to heal you.Overall, not a perfect game as expected from a brand new release, but definitely worth checking out, especially for just 20 bucks."
76561198017485568,Recommended,503620,34186449,Posted: 12 August,all,GR0oVeS,Give this game a chance.. might look like♥♥♥♥♥♥but its pretty fun!
76561198029123200,Not Recommended,503620,34132980,Posted: 9 August,all,Ranion,"Unforunately, this game is unplayable. After launching the game for the first time I went to edit my options. I did this, simply because the resolution was low and the game was windowed. I found the fullscreen option and was content, however, to my dismay gameplay was no longer feasible. The entire right hand side of the screen was unreachable, I could not move my cursor over to any of the menu options. I could not start the game, play the tutorial, or even change my options back. I check the few forums that exist, edited the launch properties on Steam, and even uninstalled and reinstalled the game, but to no avail. I was excited for this game, I've been keeping an eye on it for over a year now, but in its current state, it is simply too bug filled to be played."
,Recommended,503620,34127626,Posted: 9 August,all,Royal,So far a really fun game that works fine with my 21:9 (2560 x 1080) monitor for those who are unsure on what it looks  like on wider monitors
76561198011695818,Not Recommended,503620,34157407,Posted: 10 August,all,Taint_Painter,"Spell casting in this game is awesome. I have been looking for an RPG with legitimate spellcasting and destruction. It is AWESOME.But with that being said, the game feels like it is unfinished. Little customization of your character intially. Visuals are unpolished at best. Enemy AI is extremely basic. UI, inventory art, window art is the likeness of Diablo 1 at its best.If they had a more solid story and more polished visuals to go along with the epic spellcasting, mage gameplay, and destruction, I'd drain hours into it willingly. BUT, the visuals are too difficult for me to work around immersionwise though. Just seems like an extremely good idea, but it is in desperate need for polishing."
76561198066117282,Recommended,503620,34519422,Posted: 26 August,all,marcusb1976,"Great super power Awesome mage game, that is so thin and could have allot of potential.  I would like to see more done to this game."
76561198008520617,Not Recommended,503620,34162188,Posted: 10 August,all,EDMBOT9000,"I tried to give it a shot, but it crashed about 8 times before I got into the game. Then, I died when trying to figure out what my spells did and it hard locked my PC. Isn't optimized enough."
,Recommended,503620,34159078,Posted: 10 August,all,drziegler11,"It's a blast to make houses to BOOM!Hard, but doable."
76561197983301475,Not Recommended,503620,34129304,Posted: 9 August,all,RabidUrko,"The destruction aspect serves no real purpose apart from the ""wow"" factor and that faded with me after half hour, and without that the game i found lacklustre."
76561197996436624,Not Recommended,503620,34155046,Posted: 10 August,all,IceDane,"This game is a game that is clearly made by amateurs, and it is so buggy that it borders on unplayable. This is pretty obvious in the first few minutes playing the game. Apart from that, these graphics were decent in 2006, and the gameplay is just meh overall. This game isn't finished, and asking people for 20 euros is just offensive. I'll be asking for a refund."
76561198054885020,Recommended,503620,34125662,Posted: 9 August,all,Xorgoph,Do you like physics based games ? Do you like magic ? Do you like blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up in many different ways ? If yes then this game is right for you ! 10/10 would recommend.
76561198009279025,Not Recommended,503620,34157555,Posted: 10 August,all,wyntrfylth,"Wanted to like it - couldn't.Game play too stilted, slow.UI is non-intuitive even for simple things.Loading times slow slow and everything requires a load.Didn't get deep into b/c after just a few minutes of playing, didn't want to."
76561198037728284,Recommended,503620,34124095,Posted: 9 August,all,Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru,Imgur brought me here.Game is great! Would play 5/7 days of the week
76561198122742886,Not Recommended,503620,34126757,Posted: 9 August,all,Moosemonger,"I saw this game mentioned on reddit and thought ""Hey, that looks pretty badass!""Purchased the game first thing this morning and have found it to be unplayable.Whatever weird♥♥♥♥♥resolution the game decided my system needed to run at has left the mouse pointer unable to reach the options menu on the right. It stops just before the box containing the ""New, Load, Options, Etc""I aim to uninstall and try reinstalling the game to see if that fixes the problem, if not...I'll be asking for my $20 back.*EDIT* Uninstalled and reinstalled. Still no change. I'm highly disappointed, the game looked like a blast."
,Not Recommended,503620,34306033,Posted: 17 August,all,Justin Trudeau,"The game itself looks terrible, even on the highest settings. The tutorial is partly unplayable, because the text and instructions are unreadable.The explosion effects when casting a spell on a house etc. are unrealistic, because the debris just flies off into outer space, regardless of the trajectory the spell came in from."
,Recommended,503620,34166950,Posted: 11 August,all,The Best Batman,"Needs some work and more variety, but the game is very fun."
,Recommended,503620,34157159,Posted: 10 August,all,Gibberish,"Running into houses magically ripping doors off the frame to raid the house of loot then smash it down, teleporting through another nexus. Flying around the mountain tops casting thunderstorm down at everything really, feeling like the mighty God Zues himself.8/10 will Zues again"
76561198012909023,Recommended,503620,34158163,Posted: 10 August,all,danc256,"I was initially frustrated by it but still found it interesting. After about an hour I got the hang of it, and enjoyed it for another seven. Once I got some higher level gears, spells and modifiers the game went from strategic to almost completely twitchy. Enemies approached so fast and in such large numbers that I was just circle strafing them with the most powerful spells I had. Your spells don't deal any damage to you so there's no problem firing spells point blank into the ground or an enemy and hitting everyone (but you) with the splash damage. I was still doing alright but it just hit a point where it was the same thing level after level. After seeing the same chunks of layout and building over and over, using the same strategy over and over, it just got monotonous and I quit. It was just released so I assume ther will be continued development and tweaks. I'll give it another try in a month or two. The game has some great UI design, original mechanics, and great concepts, but they get drowned out over time. At least they did for me."
76561198200680141,Recommended,503620,34182772,Posted: 11 August,all,the_nimrod_who_walks,awesome work guys
,Recommended,503620,34182782,Posted: 11 August,all,wraivyn,"Played around for about 3 hours after purchasing.Pros:-The powers and customization therein are pretty great. I really do enjoy that aspect of it.-The storytelling as you progress through the levels kept me wondering what would be different based on the options chosen.-The movement and action gained from running and blinking around made it incredibly fun.Cons:-The enemies seem to be a bit unbalanced. As several others have stated, they aggro from across the map. If you're in Inquisition territory there is absolutely no safe haven whatsoever. You can't hide at all to drop aggro, they always know where you are. If they get too close your spells seem to miss even when you shoot them right in the face (at least that's been my experience, especially with the Lightning Bolt power).-The tutorial is SEVERELY lacking. They don't explain the enchanting system very well at all.-Health is lost way too quickly and easily, especially for the way they implemented healing. You can't heal unless you find a potion (and they are VERY sparingly placed) and even when you find one they don't heal for very much at all. If you get hit with a piece of debris you can pretty much kiss about 25% of your health bar goodbye. So far as I know based on what I've played there's a channeled spell to quickly regain mana, but not health.-Some of the spell costs are insanely high right off the bat. You lose health if you channel a spell past your mana limit, meaning things like a Meteor spell you have very little time at all to aim before you hurt yourself badly.-As others have noted, the graphics are rather dated. For $20 it's not much of an issue for me, but I'd have gladly dropped $40 if they'd have made this look better.-Some of the grammatical errors make me wonder if they got an ESL student to proofread for them.I'll update this as I discover things, but as it stands I recommend it only if you just want to support the devs. This feels like it's in a Beta rather than full release. Hopefully they'll polish it up a bit."
76561198285396415,Not Recommended,503620,34187006,Posted: 12 August,all,Detahramet,"This is an excellent game. If it were in early access.As it stands now, it is unfinished, loaded with bugs, unpolished gameplay, mid-stage development looking graphics, repetetive gameplay, and a rather dry stand-in of a story. If the game was in early access, yet to be released, i'd say this is promising, extremely so. As a final product, this is something of a dissapointment, given the price.If this game goes on sale for 75% off, absolutely buy it. If the game gets properly polished and worked into something resembling a final product, absolutely buy it. It has great potential and the developers  are still working on it, but until the price drops the game actually gets close to a finished product, don't buy it, its not worth the money."
76561197992907928,Recommended,503620,34173708,Posted: 11 August,all,Xivilyn,Only have played about an hour of the game but it was pretty fun. I think you need to expand on the story a bit and have some interaction with the NPCs.
,Recommended,503620,34225419,Posted: 13 August,all,redcoatwright,"The game is obviously not super deep but the gameplay, that of the spell shaping/casting, is a lot of fun and the destructable enviroment keeps me entertained for hours.If they were a full time studio with this idea for a game, it would have come out truly excellent and worth a full retail price, as is it is definitely worth $20.My only gripe is some of the mechanics in the game a bit non-intuitive. For instance, I accidentally sold something I had but couldn't see where to buy it back, I think the option was in the shop keeper's inventory but I'm not sure.Also high explosive + multi shot + fast projectile on Meteor is sort of insanely OP, I've played as ice/lightning/fire and that's definitely the strongest combo by far."
76561197994456713,Recommended,503620,34223611,Posted: 13 August,all,Mookalakai,"While this game is definitely very rough around the edges as most of the reviews mention, I feel it has been given an unfair shake. The performance is certainly uneven, the AI is pretty stupid at best, and the visuals are mostly boring, I still keep coming back to it. The spells, and the different rune combinations give you a pretty decent variety of attacks. The way the spells interact with the physics of the game usually feels pretty good. But mostly, the destruction you can level is really something to behold.Every single time I drop a metor on a building, it looks and feels incredible. It's not perfect, and this game probably could have used a bit more time in the oven, but the game being sold right now is solid enough, and offers a pretty entertaining power fantasy that still feels different than you typical RPG spellcaster. If nothing else, the destruction physics are worth the price of admission to me. I loved Red Faction Guerrilla, and imitators of that game have been few and far between, so I feel this at least hits some of the same highs that game did.I hope that with further technical improvements, and maybe even some more content updates, the game will really come together into something amazing, but I honestly think its worth it the way it plays now."
76561197973268626,Recommended,503620,34215533,Posted: 13 August,all,samuraimike,Had to play a few times to get the hang of it. Try easy first. You have to experiment with spells. The Meteor spell is awesome but watch for flying debris! I have a new gaming system and am not experiencing any lag or FR drop.  Instructions are a little  light took me 2 games to see move the next map button. Only bug so far was the last island to move to the next map had no way to get to it. It was worth the $20.
,Recommended,503620,34156654,Posted: 10 August,all,The Illegible Poet,A pretty fun rogue like wizarding game.  Blowing up buildings and people is very satisfying! I made a 5 minute review video of this game here:https://youtu.be/1ThSe5ynRNM
,Recommended,503620,34157477,Posted: 10 August,all,Gary of Nivea,"I'll start out by saying the game isn't perfect, but I find it a lot of fun. It seems a good chunk of the negative reviews are people who bought the game, played for less than an hour, and refunded. Which is fine. But the game doesn't try to hide what it is. A lot of the gripes are things that aren't advertised as existing. Like a story.The AI isn't amazing and they mostly just charge you, but it does actually get harder later in the game when you get large swarms and more advanced corrupted(?) enemies. The game doesn't have hard single enemies (other than a few), but it uses numbers against you. Not the most elegant aproach, but I think it works fine for this game. Blasting mobs of enemies with a meteor is fun.My only real complaint is the looting system. Once you get past the 2nd chapter or so it's just a pain to go search through every house. Once I got decent gear I started blowing up houses for essence and just buying better stuff if I found it.Now for good parts. Blowing things up: tons of fun. The game actually runs quite well and I don't see the complaints with graphics. It looks better than Skyrim that's still being shoveled out and it's from an Indie dev. The only time I would get significant frame drops was using a multi metor on a giant building. Which is fair, lots of physics and it's worth it.The spell system is a lot of fun. Having to choose which, if any, augments to use and balancing your mana with how many enemies are around you is challenging and fun. I found  myself having to sacrifice precious health to be able to cast spells later in the game.The game isn't perfect, but I think it's easily worth $20 and promised continued support. Don't buy it if you want a perfectly functioning AAA game. Don't buy it if you want a game with a story. It isn't and it doesn't advertise itself as. If you want a semi-mindless destruction game with fun physics and awesome spell casting then this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,503620,34787323,Posted: 6 September,all,Witches Brew🍸,i was really excited to play this game but after awhile i just realised how crap it is there isnt much creativity in this game and the perfomace and optimisation is garbage any of the spells you find can be ripped of any show game dog and or cat that has the slightest elemenet of magic making it just dull to play
76561198046044714,Recommended,503620,35481810,Posted: 4 October,all,Holonaut,"I just want to pick up on something that gets criticized by some people.-> Loot mostly spawns in houses, but if you destroy houses, you also destroy the loot.Here's why this is a good thing: You can choose to collect the loot or destroy houses right away (which is by the way NOT the goal at all - but fun as ♥♥♥♥). If you destroy a house with items in it, you instead get shards, which is also what you get from selling items. What this means is, you go through houses the first few levels to get some decent gear, but afterwards you can just destroy everything and don't even have to bother collecting, and still make profit. Shards can be used to buy gear at vendors, or even upgrade your existing gear further.But what if there are epic/legendary items in the houses? Simple: you can press ALT to get some X-ray vision, which shows you the rarity of items inside. White or green? Destroy house. Purple or Golden? Probably wanna pick that up. (And then destroy the house because IT ♥♥♥♥ING DESERVES IT)This is by far the most ingenious and smooth looting system I've ever seen in a roguelike!The spells are getting awesome really quick, especially once you have decent mana/mana reg. You can customize them to your needs with up to 3 runes, for example more blast radius, more velocity and seeking. But this highly depends on the base spell you're modifying. Also, runes increase the mana cost a lot, so maybe hold back a bit in the beginning. The itemization is also neat, some items also give negative stats, like decreased movespeed/castspeed or whatever. The interesting part is, if you upgrade an item, the positive stats get better, but the negative ones get worse. There is also gear ""of ♥♥♥♥♥iness"" which has almost exclusively negative stats that tear you down. I bet no long until someone attempts a hardcore playthrough with fully maximised gear of ♥♥♥♥♥iness.Ok I'm digressing here a little bit. There are a few cons, which are:- poor performance in some situations. This really needs a fix (though it mostly runs ok). I have a GTX1060/6GB- the mouse sensivity changes once you enter a house. this is pretty irritating and also should be adjusted"
