user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198365283425,Recommended,504050,32687714,Posted: 23 June,all,johndai,"After playing this game for almost 300 hrs now I guess you could say I like this game.The fact is I adore this game, let me explain a few things I luv about PN.!. The landscape is beath-taking, so beautiful, colourful and almost life-like.2. Movement is great, 1st person or 3rd person - 360 degrees.3. Animals are different and I luv em - even Rocky the Gorilla lol4. Scavaging & mining which you need to do to survive and build. A fav past-time of mine5. Building - A base(s) and vehicles with a real sense of suspension - wow Build whatever design you like 4 wheels to 24 wheels - your choice.6. Flying - well just hovering at the moment with a jet pack, which you can upgrade. Also upgrade your suit and multi-gun7. Multitool is a well designed piece of kit - use it to mine, build, destroy or reclaim parts to rebuild with.8. Biomes - there are different biomes covering the entire planet. Hot in the desert, freezing at the poles, with snow too.9. Minerals are found in each biome and some biomes have the rarer materials that you need to find. So travel is neccesary.10. Weather systems. Expect rain in the starting biome, Snow in the north and south poles.I could go on but I think you get the drift of what I am trying to say.This game has everything I desire in a survival game and theres more to come too. The devs are so active it is amazing what they do. Updates are frequent, which is great for all players.PN is by far the best type of game in this genre and with supporting devs, we can all expect this great game to flourish.I hope this helps you when making your decision - to buy or not to buy.If you like this genre then I'm sure you wont be disaapointed just remember this is still in Early Access so a lot more content to come.Also if you have any suggestions you feel would be great for PN then please let the Devs know. They like to hear from us.I have no problem recommending this game to anyone who likes this genre.Happy nomading."
76561198008365070,Recommended,504050,33535218,Posted: 14 July,all,Old-gamer,"I've played many of the sandbox-type futuristic ""survival games"" with most of them being ""early access"".  Before reviewing this game, I'd encourage you to first head over to the Planet Nomads forum here at Steam.  That is where the ""real story"" of this great game can be heard.  Hear it from people playing the game longer than a few minutes and you will get a much better idea of what this game has to offer.Now to the game.  Having come from Space Engineers, Ark Survival and Empyrion I was very impressed with what the Developers of Planet Nomads are doing.  The game is in its infancy from a development perspective.  So, you will need some patience as new things are added and problems solved.  Here's what I think about this game:You will not find a better team of developers than what I've seen with Planet Nomads.  They routinely engage the players directly in the forum, listen to what we are saying and take timely action to address our issues.  It really is remarkable, refreshing and most welcome as a player.The game is very immersive with lots of interesting landscape to explore.  They really took it to another level IMO with Planet Nomands compared to some of the other survival games I've played.  It is visually beautiful, challenging to navigate and just a whole lot of fun to discover.The build capability of the game is interesting and gives you lots of room to invent/create your base.  Making your first Rover is challenging and realistic.  Getting a good design can take you a while, but there are lots of great build ideas on YouTube that you can also follow.  Once you have a good design, it makes traveling/exploring much easier.The planet has a lot of variety (very different Biomes) that offer you choices in where you may want to ultimately live.  Unique to this game are the valleys, gorges, caves and yes challenges that come from those things.  The Devs are also planning a major update to the game in the coming weeks that will improve that environment and address feedback provided by the players.There is so much ahead for this game that is being planned as well.  You will have plenty to do to satisfy your current survival game playing needs and there is a lot more that they are planning to add to the game.  We are regularly receiving new items in the game (just about weekly) that add interest and add to the game's enjoyment.If you have the patience to play ""early access"" and love survival games, give this one a try.  It is having the typical growing issues that all EA games will encounter, but at it's core is fun to play and worth the price of admission."
,Not Recommended,504050,32558215,Posted: 18 June,all,🅳🅰🆅🅸🅳⑧⑥,"Its not a bad game, it still needs heaps of work and some sort of objective. the base mechanics are there for building a base and becomming self sufficent on the planet, but after that there is really nothing to do, no purpose, no story, no objective.The game ran fine on my computer and the graphics looked nice.  I liked the concept of the game, but that all it really feels like at the moment, i concept that you try out and go...oh that looks cool maybe this will become a game I play one day,"
,Recommended,504050,33930097,Posted: 31 July,all,★iAmNotCh1★,"If your're looking for a game like No Man's Sky..........after comparing:Osiris the new DawnSpace EngineerAstroneerPlanet ExplorersEmpyrion - Galactic SurvivaThis game is perfect for you.Great Gameplay, awesome graphics, great crafting systems, and great building systems.I guess the automation system can improve though, great game as an early access game though.Plus u cant leave the planet, this should be added :PPlus, this game can run from a monster rig to my potato computer ;)If your're looking for a building, crafting and survival game, this is perfect."
76561197970691857,Recommended,504050,31975630,Posted: 26 May,all,GD,"My evaluation so far after the first hours of gameplay. If I can I will extend and update it later.EDIT: Played some more with it, experienced vehicles and begun to explore the world.+2 for nice music / soundtrack with good immersion (more of it please)+2 for good detailed graphics mostly -- maybe a bit too foggy or strangly coloured here and there and awful underwater graphics+1 for UI design and input handling -- but space for improvement is there+1 for water implementation -- not many games in this genre have it like that+1 for weather implementation+1 for day/night cycle and appropriate lighting -- mostly the night is strangly lit, not really night, more dark blue foggy+1 for great futuristic-looking objects and base-components you can build+1 for the good variety and modularity of objects you can build especially base-parts+2 for a solid material- and crafting-system+1 for implementation of a conveyor-system between crafting stations and/or storage+1 for implementation of electricity and power+1 for a solid mining- and gathering-system so far+2 for an available equipment progression system+1 for your waypoint/compass/map marker system (best of all games I've seen)+1 for implementing physics/gravity+1 for not adding structural integrity (realism can be sometimes put too far in games)+1 for a solid survival system with some options -- not just water and bread+1 for a possibility for farming (Greenhouse) -- but could be somewhat extended in the future+1 for relativ stability so far+1 for possibility of vehicle construction-1 for NPC movement/wayfinding -- Sometimes really strange movement or behaviour of animals/hostiles.-1 for fiddly object placement / snapping -- really needs improvement it sometimes really hard to tell game where to place things-1 for the really bad underwater graphics/visibility and foggy or strange colored graphics here and there-1 for the some sound effects which are sometimes too loud or sounds really strange especilly from hostiles-1 for missing manual save/load possibility in survival-1 for missing key-binding possibility-1 for initial problems with low-cost keyboard/input I had with this game-0 for stutters while traveling here and there -- but it's acceptable so farEDIT:+1 large gameworld+1 for different climate zones / biomes (have seen the mid to north only yet and arid on YT)+1 for a not too large gameworld, so you don't need to drive/walk too much into one direction+1 for giving us reasons to explore (materials, equipment progression) -- just for sightseeing gets boring really fast-1 for a somewhat repetitive/void landscape/plant life outside the temperate zone --- hopefully more/better later+1 for relative straight-forward vehicle construction with some block variety not too much but enough+2 for vehicle-gear construction control forward/back and steerring options and their visibility (excellent compared to e.g. Space Engineers)+1 for relative stable vehicles beheviour -- needed really bad driving to flip them over+1 for ground-vehicle drive-feeling (slow start, but you can reach high speeds later) -- only stopping takes sometimes too long-1 for the current ""Never-Build-Vehicles-On-Station Blocks""-Problem -- needed to rebuild the hole vehicle twice until I found out-2 for the problematic of wrecked vehicles which are hard to impossible to recover if they fall in crevasses or even just fall over -- Press tab to reset it like in Astroneer would be cool-1 for missing Air-Vehicle construction currently (or have I missed some secret?)-1 for missing vehicle-as-utility opportunity, e.g. for mining, terrain change or combat-1 for the limited later gameplay after unlocked every block and high tier equipment -- I really hope / expect more in the future"
76561198020511664,Recommended,504050,34140496,Posted: 9 August,all,Haerken,"Using your imagination is inherently part of this game.I have about 200 hours played and this game has been so fun to explore and build to see what you can do. The planet is beautiful, and the developers are responsive to the players. Right now they are getting the planet and everything on it working right. Unlike some other planet games you can circumnavigate this one, no invisible wall to hit, as the physics are based on a sphere, not a flat plain. Many biomes, each with different resources, terrain, and vegetation. You have high tech items, so you don't have to beat everything with rocks. No space flight or multiplayer at this time, that's for later. Get this if you want a survival exploration game to play with unique bases and vehicle building. You can actually explore in this game, because every second is not grinding. Automate your mining and build conveyors to your storage and production modules at your base.09/01/2017The developer has anounced the multiplayer is not happening, so if you wanted that it's gone.The game has some great things coming for single player and you can see their list of things to come on the announcements update page.Please post any multiplayer complaints to the discussion page, not my review. Thank you."
76561197971831088,Not Recommended,504050,31978480,Posted: 26 May,all,Faust,"Not recommending this game at this time. I'll explain toward the end of this review.Preface:This game is something I've had in my wishlist for quite a while and something I was looking forward to playing being a big fan of Empyrion, Space Engineers and games along that genre.I reluctantly bought the game to give it a fair shake but was concerned by the high EA price, I also specifically ensured my hours played fell under the requirement for return.I'll review on what is actually in the game right now. I tend to ignore bugs, optimization, and other such annoyances as the expectation is that they will get patched at some point.I'm reviewing the game as determined by the current EA price point and my expectations for a game at that price.Pros:Game has a lot of potential.Interesting alien creatures; some friendly, some not so friendly.Planet Biomes vary greatlyLarge mapComplicated base builds and designs possibleVehicles and complex moving systems with physicsComplex systems and subsystemsBasic tutorial on how to get startedCons:Very generic crafting tree -  Build X before you build Y, just because, doesn't really appeal to me although with time this is something the game could tweak.Generic and non-varied terrain within biome.Generic resources -     Iron, Silver, Aluminum, Carbon, Silicon, mass containers, meat, Fruit.  I shoot at a tree, I get mass, shoot at a dog-camel thingy, I get meat, shoot at rock with silver veins I get silver-aluminum, I think you get the point.   Reminds me a lot of no mans sky. (Which may be why it's on this side of the review)Over-Simple Crafting -   It's more like crafting in No Mans Sky than Empyrion where you have build a resource + resource = frame, frame +  resource = item.I prefer crafting like empyrion or space engineers: build x number of metal pieces, build wires, build computers, which take electronics.. etc.  The crafting is really really shallow.Look/Feel of base components. The art on the base and base components have a look and feel that is more flash than function. With unnecessary creases and bolts, etc that just don't make sense for what it's being used for giving the entire base a very fake and unrealistic appearance. I'm sure it's just personal preference here, but it would be nice if the textures actually made some sort of sense other than filling space to make a pattern.Price point:   At $30 this game is the most expensive EA title that I am aware of and have ever see, and I own a LOT of EA titles.  It costs more than multiple titles of the same genre that have had considerably more time to bake and substantially more content.As such, the content in this game is:Hunt ResourcesBuild Crafting ItemsBuild BaseBuild VehicleExplore PlanetThat's pretty much it.What it doesn't have:- Weapons- Multiplayer- Air Craft- Space craft- Other planets- Any kind of transport ship- Alien Humanoid NPCs- Any resemblance of an end gameAs I sit here writing this review, I wrestle over keeping or refunding the game.  After playing all these games, empyrion, Space Engineers, Planet Explorers, scrap mechanic, etc, nothing really stands out here.Everything I did or saw had that ""been there done that"" feeling to it. I really want to love this game, but full disclosure,  prior to buying I had been playing Subsistence and I wound up wanting to go complete my base in that game rather than continue playing this one."
76561198218113465,Not Recommended,504050,34524568,Posted: 27 August,all,vladimir,"Overall, Planet Nomads seems to be years away before it becomes any good, if ever.The game is very difficult to play due to broken physics.• Aggressive animals shouldn't be able to send a massive vehicle flying hundreds of meters into the sky.• When a massive vehicle drives over an animal, the animal should die, not bounce the vehicle several meters off route. For example, when a heavy vehicle falls on you, it crushes you instantly, but if you drive over animals, they keep running around as if nothing happened.• The vehicle should not be continuously shaking or even jumping around without apparent reason.• Adding or removing blocks shouldn’t make the vehicle start shaking and sometimes take off and bounce to beyond the horizon.• And in general, massive vehicles shouldn’t be bouncing off the ground as if they were inflated toys, without so much as making a dent.• Driving in water should be slower than driving on land, not faster.• Bushes and smaller trees should not be stopping massive vehicles. Even large trees shouldn’t be stopping them, just slowing down.• When the body state improves, status updates should be clearly indicating improvement, e.g., ""You are no longer exhausted.”• On left-click, what you used last (the tool or the weapon) should activate when you exit the cockpit/stasis pod, or after you crouch/stand up. Now, it’s always the rifle.• You should be able to take all from a container with a single click.• When you wake up, you shouldn't see animals in the exact same spots they were at when you went to sleep.• Animals should maybe do things other than just run around, e.g., sleep sometimes.• Animals and plants should be attacking each other just like they attack you; they should have lives of their own.And then, it is not interesting to play because what you have seen on a planet in the first five minutes, you'll be seeing for as long as you play, except in different colors. And there is simply nothing to do beyond building a base and a vehicle. You build them only to find there was not point to that.Most of the time I played, I've been trying to build vehicles while they were shaking and bouncing around violently, sometimes killing me."
,Recommended,504050,34829295,Posted: 8 September,all,Octrups,"Launched the game. Spent ages ignorantly mining for minerals.  Assembled something like a hovel.  A techno-hovel.Built a vehicle.  It was terrible; bad center of gravity, bad design, flipped, rolled, got stuck.  Started gathering resources at a faster rate.Built a second vehicle.  It was terrible; too slow, got stuck, flipped.  Was a bit better though.   Resource rate went up further.Built my third vehicle.   It was fast, it had a high wheel base, it never flipped.Drove straight to the north pole.An hour or so later, I was dying from cold and toxins on the edge of a mountain at the magnetic north. I managed to survive, headed for home, heavily laden with precious metals and optimism.On the way back I discovered a beautiful hidden valley amongst the cold and ice.  Decided this would be my new home.Upon my return to home base I refueled my scout vehicle, manufactured supplies, upgraded my equipment.  It was time; I proceeded to carefully plot out the ideal route to the valley for a very heavy vehicle. Using my scout car I carefully placed a dozen solar way-beacons along the ideal route.  I couldn’t risk any flipping or forced abandoning for what would come next.This was the biggest vehicle yet- ten wheels, four for steering, a massive container for all my worldly goods.  Over two stories in height, she was huge. I Disassembled my sprawling base, all my items. Apprehensively I even tore apart my trusty scout car.Everything was loaded into this one giant vehicle.I have about an hour of frustration and driving ahead of me, I will get back to that valley and start my new life.Recommended for people with imagination, people that like to build things and people that want to support growing projects."
76561198268817014,Recommended,504050,33639945,Posted: 18 July,all,Viking Noble,"I’m really enjoying Planet Nomads.It is early access and not a finished and to me that really adds to the game. Every week or two they have been coming out with updates/patch that add new content.And not just little meaningless things, it is content that makes me rethink my goals and how I play.The crafting/building system is great; being able to build anything anywhere really allow and pushes you to be creative. With results, you want to show off.I also love how great the developers are with the fans, they listen to feedback and at their site they even have a roadmap of what they are doing.https://trello.com/b/theYNOul/planet-nomads-development-overview-roadmap"
,Recommended,504050,33191010,Posted: 3 July,all,The Dr.,"Great game! I have dozens hours in space engineers, no mans sky and empyrean galactic survival. I really was impressed by Planet Nomad right away. The planets are beautiful and the game play is fun. The team is constantly updating and i keep discovering new things all of the time. If you like survival games, building stuff, open world games and space exploration then this is the game for you!."
76561198404174675,Recommended,504050,33558669,Posted: 15 July,all,matesr01,"Planet Nomads, what a name that sums up the whole experience. You crash-land on a planet, you need to survive. Yeah, yeah, we've heard these already. Only it works in Planet Nomads. You have crash-landed on an actual planet! It's massively huge, but you can go across it like Columbus intended. But first you will have to move your mode of transport. I went for an agile double 8-wheeler with a stasis pod for navigation. I lost it a few times in a hole in the process, but could load the game no problem and avoid them the next time.When I arrived in the desert it was an amazing feeling. The biomes are well done. Very immersive. Very colorful. I will be spending my time in this game. A lot of my time. So glad I decided to buy in the end."
76561198152360372,Recommended,504050,33035473,Posted: 30 June,all,scotfusion,"Planet Nomads is a curious jewel. Out of the box, the game mechanics are intuitive enough to where I didn't even think to remap keys (Don't know if it is possible...I think so).I dig the look and feel from just a little while of playing. Survival is challenging, the Devs give off a great vibe and it looks like they have been working seriously hard since the start of their Kickstarter. I am very happy I bought this game. 9/10"
76561197961452099,Not Recommended,504050,34541229,Posted: 27 August,all,ironfis1,STAY AWAY!  This game has the potential to be good but it is still in the keyboard smashing stage of bugs.  Vehicles disappear leaving you stranded far from home.  Vehicles flip and get stuck constantly.  I spent 8 of the 16 hours I played digging trenches to get vehicles out of places they got stuck.  Give this one a little more time to cook and it should be worth it but don't waste your time now.
76561198032147296,Recommended,504050,33566517,Posted: 15 July,all,cefo82,"This game completely grabbed me when I built my first vehicle. There's plenty of building blocks to play with. After seeing the monorail designs other players have built, I'm eager to try my own.The performance is surprisingly good for an early access game and plenty of settings in the options to make the game work on my computer.+1 for the immersive graphic style and biome variety.The buildvision is a nice touch and I can set everything the way I like with relative ease.My first encounter with the creatures was a bloody one, but I better prepared for the next one and got my revenge lol. Thanks for the rifle, devs.I can recommend this game to anyone  who likes a challenge, scifi setting and a freedom of sandbox games to do what you want to do."
76561197987016601,Recommended,504050,33743400,Posted: 23 July,all,8015,"This game deserves a better rating, good graphics, mechanics and survival elements. I think some reviewers have been motivated by other things than their impression of the actual game. So what does this game offer?Well first there are survival aspects, food, water, stamina(sleep), and things like temperature, illness and one or two others. Its a bit more demanding than most building heavy survival games, but not very demanding either in the temperate zone you start in. I like that you can basically choose between foraging and a technical solution, for example you can go and collect vegetably things, or you can built a greenhouse and grow them yourself. Again, nothing crazy like 40 different sorts of lettuce, just a basic vegetable thingy, or herbs. The former gets made into food, the latter into medical items.Secondly base building. This also ties into your progression, you ""advance"" your character in the game by getting better gear(better spacesuit, jetpack, weapon and collector/mining thingy), you aquire this gear by building it from progressively harder to acquire materials(mostly by increasing the distance to the raw resources from your starting zone). What you also need to built the gear is machinery though, and every time you built a new piece of something it unlocks related items. For example a wall piece might unlock a ceiling piece and a door piece. Items are tiered, MK 1 spacesuit, MK 2 and so on. A MK 2 something would need a MK 2 machinery piece.Most machinery pieces come in two kinds besides their MK tier level, a compact version which seems to be always MK 1, and versions beyond that which sport conveyor ports. Yes this is a similar concept as what SE uses, i say similar because its more basic. For example a fabricator may pull automatically from one or several storage boxes, but you can't make a dumping box that gets automatically pulled out and sorted in different storage boxes by the conveyor system. Also no way to dock vehicles to a base that i have seen.Which brings us to vehicles, very remiscent again from Space Engineers small planet based vehicles. You have suspension, wheels, batteries etc. Again simplified, but working out of the box. No flying or space vehicles atm, no gun turrets either.Lastly critters. Thats about the only combat around, big burly gorilla like things that throw rocks and bash you, and more skittish creatures that fight back at times and flee at others. Very basic, but loads less annoying than those dogs SE has.This game has potential, and the devteam seems dedicated. There is still lots of stuff to add, but the building is already quite decent and the survival nice. Its a bit between planet based SE and ARK. More physics than ark (winches, pistons, freestyle build vehicles), but less action. From SE it takes the building, conveyor and ore system, but adds some more combat and survival aspects. Its a fairly polished games aswell, lacking in building blocks and some more variety but what it does have is well fleshed out.If you are ok with early access and checking out new features now and again, like building heavy games with survival aspect and good graphics I'd recommend the game. If you are looking for you new main game and want to sink 10 hours a day into this I'd tell you to hold your horses."
76561198060586973,Recommended,504050,33723976,Posted: 22 July,all,maciora,"The game is great. For now I just started to play but the amount of interaction possibilities with environment etc is staggerring.For example You are digging the hole in the ground ( I do it alot, there is something wrong with me I know) - then u get into the underground water repository from where u can get dirty water ...Graphics are stunning, immersion is great, I only hope the devs will continue updating it as it is already beating the NO MANS LIE... Totally recommended!!!! Go and tell your own story Nomad!!!"
,Recommended,504050,34870433,Posted: 10 September,all,netgyrl,"I am 83 hours into this game.Things I am really enjoying:Vehicles - LOVE IT! I finally came up with a design that is fast, has plenty of storage, can climb pretty much anything at a good clip and doesn't flip over every 5 mins. Pretty much the entire planet is accessible by vehicle. It super easy to jump in and out to collect resources. I absolutely love zipping around to see what is over the next hill or around the next bend.Ambient sounds - my favorite time is sunset. When I am out in the wilderness I will stop and find a good vantage place to watch the sun go down and the moon come up. The sounds really sell the peaceful feeling of that time of day.Different biomes - Vehicles are fun but there would be no reason to drive around without new things to see and discover. Found a tropical area with HUGE trees and sandy beaches today. Had to throw down a marker, because I decided i needed to build my next base there because it was so goreous.Crash sites/ datapad journals - Another reason to explore. I can't pass any of these markers up. Especially like that ones that have data pads and sites that have tiny bases set up. I am absolutely COMPELLED to expand these little bases and fix them up and create my next outpost.buidling basees and Conveyor system - lets you link up storage to your machines so you are not constantlyi having to fill hoppers in each devide to build stuff.Dev Support - these guys are super nice and very responsive to suggestions, bugs.The future of this game is very bright.  Can't wait to see what comes next."
76561198021662561,Not Recommended,504050,31966129,Posted: 25 May,all,Sorkijan,"DISCLAIMER: I know that this game is in Early Access. I know some of the things I mention are probably on the to-do list of the developer and some if not most will be addressed at some point between now and an official release.That being said, I like idea of this game, but I cannot in good conscious recommend it in its current state. I know that an early access buy is more of an investment than a straight purchase, however, this game is lacking. I think the original announcement trailer from two years ago was a proof of concept for final product, and they are far away from it. Not to belabor my gripes and complaints, but my biggest issue right now is the lack of depth, and in a very close second the lack of QoL features.Depth: Within 2 hours I had built almost everything there was to build, and I was taking my time learning how everything worked. The ""end game"" or current furthest progression is building a land vehicle. A task which proves far more difficult than you could imagine. Putting the vehicle itself together is fine, albeit tedious. The real problem lies in the wheels. There is a bug that causes your left wheels to naturally go in the reverse direction as their default. After doing some research I found where this was an issue 22 months ago, and it evidently still persists. In the buildmode you are able to reverse the direction of the wheels, however, they will still not steer. I tried every possible combination on all 4 of my vehicle's wheels. The front-right tire would steer. The front-left tire would not.QOL Features: This game is 100% mouse dependent. I know a computer mouse isn't anything new, but some keyboard shortcuts would go along way to making this game feel a lot more fluid and less like participating in arbitrary artifical game-lengtheners. The only useful shortcut that I've found is double-clicking to move stacks of items to and from containers. There is no way to split stacks. or use a ctrl, alt, or shift modifier to move x amount of said item at a time. To craft an item (assuming you're not using the conveyor system) you have to pull out what you have, queue it up in the appropriate machine, then put it back. Out of my 7.7 hours played I can safely say 1.5 of it was just moving stuff around.I could go on and on but I've already given you a wall of text. Again as I said I realize that the game is early access, and if you enjoy it more so than me, then knock yourself out. I submitted for a refund with steam on this game, and depending on its outcome I might buy this in the future (or try it out again) once there's more content, but I will be making sure there is a lot more when I do so. To end this review I'm going to leave this list of pros & cons I was creating as I was playing. I'm sorry Craneballs. I really do hope you have some success with this game and it's something amazing, because I would love to eat my words in a couple of years when/if this game is fantastic. For now I'll be uninstalling.Pros:Alt-tab works flawlessly in this game. Instantly in and out.This one's vague but on a technical level the game works really well. Other than the land vehicle thing I mentioned above, everything worked pretty well. I did have an issue where my power generators just simply wouldn't work despite being connected when I re-launched the game. Tearing everything down and rebuliding it fixed the issue, though.Cons (as I said I'm sure a lot of these are intended to be changed in the future):Futher iterations of 3d Printers are not able to make all the previous iterations' blueprints. It's annoying to have to use an ""emergency 3d printer"" once you already have a medium one set up. Forcing us to have to use 1st generations of a tool or item takes up space and is far more tedious. Compact armories will also create things like batteries, but a medium 3d printer not being able to make the same thing as an emergency one is counterintuitive.Multitool is the only tool you get. Needs to be multiple tools for different uses.When reloading your Multitool the battery gets discarded - even if it is full. Of course a player would have no reason to normally do this, but accidents do happen and wasting a full battery because you accidentally hit ""R"" can be frustrating.No search function for the build menu in build mode, or in inventories.Not able to hook power generators into each other. We should be able to do this. If you're power demand is starting to exceed your supply and you need to build another generator, you should be able to just hook the new one into the old one to strengthen the grid that has already been set up. Not set up an entirely new one for each generator.All graphics options should be fully available in game.The ""open (C)"" menu that is available in build mode goes away when you move your cursor beyond it. Needs a traditional radial menu that will only come up when the player hits the C button. It's entirely too easy to move your cursor beyond it making you have to activate it again - especially since it is so small.In build mode it would be nice if you could scroll your mousewheel to push the item farther from you. A range on laying down things is sensible, but placing foundations can be disorienting and frustrating when it's obfuscating your whole view.Accessing containers and production devices needs to be instant. The split second time that's required to hold down ""E"" as opposed to tapping it is pointless. It almost feels spiteful. Having the time delay for things like looting plants and animal corpses is sensible, but checking what's in a container or a 3d printer should be instantaneous. The time limit on such devices feels arbitrary.Some - really most - production devices do not have a conveyor port, which just makes procuring construction materials all the more tedious.Building foundations and ramps into the ground is near impossible. Walking onto platforms that are just the slightest bit higher than the ground you're on will stop you, and when you go to break up some earth so it'll fit, it ends up taking away entirely too much which resuls in a trial and error process of building even more foundations and ramps just so you can create something close to a seamless transition between the ground and your blocks."
76561198002170855,Not Recommended,504050,34696534,Posted: 2 September,all,BadBoyBucky,"A building / survival game with no storyline, and now no friends. What the heck is the point? Just another case of early access devs  who sell a game with promises, then reneg because they're not up to the task."
,Not Recommended,504050,34654219,Posted: 1 September,all,|ChroNiC^㋛| Lotto,January 2016: We will make multiplayer Co-opAugust 2017: Multiplayer just got axed..sorry to see you go (RIP)but at least i can refund the game.
76561198204039089,Recommended,504050,32232201,Posted: 6 June,all,hkraft230,"Great game, its kinda difficult to start with but as long as the developers continue to update and work. I refunded it when i first got it but am about to redownload it in replacement of scrap mechanic. I find this game basically a mac version of scrap mechanic and is a little bit worse but has better qualities as well. I reccomend this game if you like a challenge. but i think after a few hours of playing and getting the hang of it, it should be fun."
76561198139362823,Recommended,504050,33726281,Posted: 22 July,all,zdenka.ondrouskova,"Been hesitant to buy at launch, but those weekly updates devs push convinced me to buy. And I don't regret it.Very beautiful and atmospheric game with pretty deep crafting and survival. Nothing extremely deep, but also not somthing shallow and simple. Took me a while to get into how the game works, but after a while everything clicked. Also tutorial was very helpful.If you are into sci-fi survivals, go for it. Even at this early stage the game has a lot to offer and devs make sure to add something new every week. For me, obvious 8/10."
76561198312594120,Recommended,504050,32082874,Posted: 31 May,all,ethanc324,"I don't know whether to reccomend this or not. The only reason I'm not giving it a thumbs down is because I know it is new.Here is the story of my life in the world I made.I spawn. The tutorial begins, and it tells me move around, use the jetpack. It then tells me how to eat the food and water, and then it tells me to make the 3d printer, so I do. The game then tells meto make a shelter. It tells me to go find a rock. That is it for tutorial. So I then to look for rock and it begins to pour and I nearly die from radiation and ""Thermal Malfunction"" running to the excape pod. I get back to the excape pod and after strugglig for a few minutes trying to put the sleeping bag in my inventory, I finally do. When I try to sleep, It spits me out of the excape pod and I almost die from radiation yet again. I don't know what to do about this game right now, but I hope the game devs make some serious changes, I know it is early access, but i'm just saying, this game is not really playable right now unless you like sitting in excape pods your whole life. By the way, I don't know if this is just me, but the game is incredibly LAGGY.I hope there are some serious changes that are made because I spent money on this, and I don't want that money to be wasted."
,Recommended,504050,34093600,Posted: 7 August,all,MrKicker,"I mistok the game for a space sim (like space engineers). This is not a space sim, everything takes place on one planet.Still, this game is really neat. And its on the right track in terms of early access development."
,Not Recommended,504050,35117083,Posted: 21 September,all,crazytaxzi,"Honestly I wish steam would give you an option for, Meh! instead of recommend yes or no.Gameplay is interesting and kind of fun for a SP game, yet the reason I even bought into the game was because of the future ""Chance"" of space travel and Multiplayer. Yet there roadmap on trello has been updated to state they are not going to impliment multiplayer for this game. So if you like Space Engineers but don't like the bugs and don't play MP then this game would be pretty good for you.If you by chance want to buy this game for stability while playing along with your friends then it's a no go."
,Recommended,504050,34281966,Posted: 16 August,all,Kumoa,This game is great. Graphically it is stunning. Has enough settings to help a person tweak it. Great music. Sounds are crisp and clear. Player mechanics are good as well. Building is quick and gives you enough options to keep you engaged. The crafting makes you think about where you are going to build something and how you are going to hook it up to a system. We need that again in crafting games.The vehicle building is well rounded as well from what I've seen so far.The World generation is just spectacular. Love it!Overall a very engaging game that I look forward to seeing what else they improve on.Well worth it.
76561198083373954,Recommended,504050,32159987,Posted: 3 June,all,computerchy,"just released before few ( days ) , good start , however its got very few content ,but i didn't see game breaks untill now game crashes except on quit which most of early games do that and didn't affect the game .good graphics despite some glitchescrafting and material / inventory windows misses some controlscompared with empyrion when it was at releease time , empyrion got little more content than this , the amount of content looks nearly similar as astroneer but still can't travel space and even can't craft flying vehicle , however the games graphics looks more nice and smooth than those 2 games ( personal opinon )if you are looking for ( playing and exploring ) i should say hold on and keep it on your wishlistand follow  untill it get more contentthumbs up for support , they done some good job  , no negatives for pre alpha and just released game except if the game is a  jokeNote : if you still see my thumbs is up on far  futue , that mean the game is still doing good process or might be not bad , i will change it for sure if i feel its getting from  bad to worse condition , or might remove the review on some cases"
76561198289361505,Recommended,504050,35240775,Posted: 27 September,all,zeckerle,"I really like this game!The graphics look great and building works good by now, also vehicle physics (!!!).The developers put a lot of work in updates and i`m really looking forward to the next big update in November (hopefully with hovercrafts). The electricity and tech tree will also be reworked.Deer developers, don`t let you bring down by some negative reviews due to the missing multiplayer. You explained yourself and I really prefere a great, content rich singleplayer game instead of a bad and buggy multiplayer game without enough focus on the sp aspects.cheers"
,Not Recommended,504050,34693805,Posted: 2 September,all,dszombiex,The developer can't be trusted. Multiplayer was promised but they recently went back on that promise because it is too challenging/time intensive to implement in this type of game. Was it too challenging to take people's money while promising multiplayer?
76561198130725299,Recommended,504050,33661552,Posted: 19 July,all,electrobob,this game has potential . It doesnt deserve such bad reviews.
,Recommended,504050,33713440,Posted: 21 July,all,Marzrack,"I love it! And it gives me subnautica flashbacks, which is always good."
,Recommended,504050,31976351,Posted: 26 May,all,FatChance147,Overall a pretty fun game with the primary objective at the moment being to find the high ores. I do feel the game should be priced a little lower at maybe 19.99.  I think this game could develop into something big. It will definitely be interesting to see how frequent the updates come in and for how long.I see the game being a mix of NMS and Osiris with not even close to the agrressive creatures in the later.
,Recommended,504050,33634591,Posted: 18 July,all,soulguard,"Early Access fun in a Survival Craft.Create land based Vehicles. Explore your world. Build Shelter and harvest resources to survive on an alien world.The game is in the very early stages of development, but has a very solid and crafting fun foundation. Developers are constantly updating and reaching out to the community for feedback. If you are specifically looking for Multiplayer, it is not available yet, but check back in a few months and more news maybe available, but if you enjoy crafting, and vehicles, this game  is very enjoyable, and constantly getting better."
,Recommended,504050,34242128,Posted: 14 August,all,Durch,"Planet Nomadsis well worth the money.  The game is beautiful, and boasts an entire planet to explore.  Most importantly, this game is fun to play."
76561198298704236,Recommended,504050,33339449,Posted: 7 July,all,wassup,"UPD: The game become less crashy (didn't experience any crash after update, but I think it's still possible) and saves work fine. Despite the game seems to be not ready it is a funny sandbox, better than others. I have some money to spend on early access games and this game seems to be good among others in this genre. See the videos, you may like it.---This is my previous (negative) review, I don't want to remove it, maybe it can be helpful.---I personally quit plaing this game because of it crashes every 1 hour. And it will be tolerable if I can save it in survival mode any time I want (or set autosaving each 5 mins for example). I had quite outdated hardware, maybe it increases the possibility of crashing (many other games work ok, some crashes), the optimization is ok - at least it has enough fps on my machine.And I was quitting this game, because of constant crashing, it ruins the experience.However, I don't want my money back, because concept is fine and other games like this suck (I bought several games similar to this)."
,Recommended,504050,32141981,Posted: 2 June,all,iMissTooMuch,"TL;DRFor an early access game, Planet Nomads is really well built. Many of the core features are already there, and work well. If I could compare it to anything, it's basically Minecraft late-alpha or early beta. There's a lot of work that still needs to be done, but the developers have done a great job at keeping focused. There's still no multiplayer or interplanetary travel, but the game is still early in its development. I think that within the next year, this game will be really great. If you're looking for something that's complete, then come back then.The GoodGreat concept and atmospherePresent features are at a decent level of maturity, with only tweaks to be madeDevelopers are present, update reguarly, and are open to feedbackFun to play at its current stateThe BadNeeds performance tweaksMost features are mature, but still need a little bit more work to be 100%Many might see a lack of interest after a few hoursVideoIf you want to see a video that goes into more detail, I made onehere.."
76561198084647182,Recommended,504050,31963118,Posted: 25 May,all,CrimsonFalkon,"There is a lot of potential here and for an EA game, it has some nice features and aesthetics to it. There definitely needs to be some performance improvements especially the responsivness of the UI, it is very slow to respond and I found myself clicking hard on my mouse more than once in frustration to the sluggishness.All in all, I wouldn't say the game is bad, as an EA game it has the makings to be something good as long as more content is added and performance is enhanced.I recommend playing it just becasue it does have some good potential and for an EA game, it is a good start."
76561198273411081,Recommended,504050,34422952,Posted: 22 August,all,Copycat80,"very good- at least what they have atm.The game is a bit like Space engineers and subnautica had a child-the game plays both in creative and survival modes, but the survival mode is the main mode they want you to playTHE main unique feature ( for  me at least) is the procedurally generated worlds and starting seed ( this may sound familiar to those who are currently suing Hello games) . Each start has a seed, which randomly generates the world based on what you type in it, BUT is replicateable, so you will start in the same biome every single time with the same seed. this can get fun as you can choose your start based on your name, faomus quotes, or just random numbers.the survival aspects are very faimilar to those who play subnautica; Find stuff to craft new stuff that helps you craft and find more stuff, while maitaining one's food , water and health supply; but also one's imunity and tempature resitiance which are effected by external sources-like raw food or snow.The game also has a block building system similar to SE and you can create baisically anything you want to ( but not very funtionaly)the game also has a few bugs and feels a bit rough around the edges; but for the price I can say you should get around 40 + hours of enjoyment out of the current build.CAN PLAY OFFLINE!"
76561198014416252,Recommended,504050,33563625,Posted: 15 July,all,Pathfinder,"I like it so far, really promising!"
76561198010514219,Recommended,504050,33624891,Posted: 18 July,all,= Mike =,- Early Access Game -It´s coming along nicely.Keep it up Dev´s & thank you
76561198011657297,Recommended,504050,32024965,Posted: 28 May,all,Scorpion,"I give even i am still waiting for more items and things to build, and better trackion on cars..this game a tumb up.it had some undeserverd tumbs down so fare, so i will try help balance that out alittlebit.Normally i would not give any tumb this early stage of a game.. but this game deserve a fair chanse, and i hope the developers does not give it up prematurely because of the reviews."
,Recommended,504050,34396510,Posted: 21 August,all,walpurgisnacht,"The tale of the Nomad of planet Pern, seed OolongMy pod crash-landed near a lake in a sub-tropical area. There was a hill to the south of me and beyond it my sensors indicated someone else's pod has left a beacon. The lake was boggy and so its shores were a flat and suitable surface for an alpha base.As I gathered the materials for my alpha base so I would have food and shelter, I scouted my side of the valley that the boggy lake occupied. I was not interested in the northern shores of the valley, as I was primarily making the alpha base so that I could safely travel the 700 meters to the beacon I detected.There were toxic plants and little blue hoppers that guarded some kind of pod. There were a few deerlike blue animals and rather aggressive armadillos that shambled much like apes. I gathered fruits and herbs while mining humming crystals and mineral rich moraines. I also cut down trees with my omnitool for biomass packages useful for battery cell construction and camping gear tools.As my alpha base took shape, I scouted further towards the signal to the south. There were a lot of hostile armadillo apes and little blue bugs in my path. When I got the base done, I crafted a new suit, jump pack, and omnitool and filled my pack with components.The trek was long, and the rains forced me to tunnel into the ground for a safe spot to rest and recuperate, The exertion and reprocessed alien proteins would often leave me feverish when the weather got hostile. The plants looked tropical but the rains dropped temperatures considerably, likely because they were not completely composed of water and had a lower freezing point.Eventually I found the site, and there was a dropbox there with someone's log message within. As I had begun getting closer to the site, I had been recieving a second signal of the same nature over a kilometers away. I began work on base beta as well as constructing an ATV from my suit's blueprint catalogs.-- Over and out((PS: this game is in alpha, dont buy it if you are looking for a finished game - they were in 0.7a at the time of this post, which means ~70% of the planned content til version 1 becomes live was implemented.  I do not know what further updates will add to the world - however, what I have seen seems to be well thought out so if you are interested in supporting the Craneballs team, go ahead and plop down the funds.  The author of this review does not assume any liability for damages inflicted by armadillo godzilla apes digging your space avatar out of holes like a truffle.))"
76561198109042809,Recommended,504050,32153448,Posted: 3 June,all,Helsinky,a good game even in early access
,Not Recommended,504050,34379311,Posted: 20 August,all,Kilroy5150,"(For all you ""Sympathy for the Dev"" people) YES, i know it's in development stage...This game is, by no means, an ""original"" concept on any level. With that being said it's got possibilities to be an interesting game. It's a bit more simplified, with construction, than some games and i can appreciate that..It's very hard to talk about good / bad on this game because, in 6-13 months, a great deal of it could change....it's that new. What i am seeing now could be gone / changed in a year....that's just a reality.It's definitely in my ""Put it down for SIX months and check it then"" book because it's way too easy to die (right now). Rain goes through everything but the escape pod and you can get poisioned by something that's not even touching you (right now). Animals can attack you, even throwing things, through rock (right now). The hotkey bars overlap one another (right now). Even though you can configure your keyboard, the left, right, up, and down are STATIC (you can't rekey them) so you can't use them for other key commands.It's a neat idea but it's WAY too far in it's infant stage.So (right now) i can't recommend it (to other gamers) because anything you would be expecting will be completely changed SIX months from now.And, a word for people who live by the ""you've only played it 'x' amount of hours, how could you judge?"" gamers....If it takes you more than 5-10 minutes to figure out of a game's got too many problems...then you need to question your own skill in evaluating a game....a qualified gamer (or tester) can find flaws in minutes....get over it.Right now, this game would just irritate too many people with it's problems. I'm NOT (as in i'm not saying ""not good"") saying it's ""bad"" i'm saying people who don't have a ton of patience (and that's about %60 of the gaming pop) would get irritated.DEVELOPMENT STAGE GAME - This game is NOT for people who are expecting a completely ""functional"" game...If you're impatient, it is NOT for you. However, if you ARE a person, who can buy a game then put it down for a while and come back, you might find it interesting.PS - I repeat myself because, often, people pick and choose what they ""want"" to see rather than what i really wrote, so i end up writing specific parts over and over."
,Recommended,504050,34137272,Posted: 9 August,all,DeFacto,"Such an awesome looking game! really looking forward to the Aug 17 update. Awesome work, devs :)"
,Recommended,504050,33661345,Posted: 19 July,all,TheSpectre,"Great game , plenty to keep you occupied for a good few hours ! Alot of bang for your buck"
76561197980986061,Recommended,504050,34503578,Posted: 26 August,all,Clan Bones,Thoroughly enjoying PN's approach to the Explore/Build/Survive Si-Fi genre - very playable even in it's early access state.Spent many hours engrossed in working out how to put the in-game mechanics & technology to good use for exploring the different worlds it can throw at you - now greatly improved by the 0.7 terrain generation update !This game rewards a creative approach to survival problem-solving - I hope they never lose sight of that aspect.
,Recommended,504050,32216882,Posted: 6 June,all,Capybara,I want to see the progress. All I can tell is this game has a bright future.
76561197999297518,Recommended,504050,34484641,Posted: 25 August,all,entropyjones,"This is actually not a bad game. It is in a very preliminary stage but I'm impressed with what is shown. The vehicle/wheel physics is really good. I'm enjoying the sense of exploring at the moment. The resource gathering isn't that much of a hassle and the food stores last awhile so you don't have to constantly be eating like in some survival games. This game also has a sleep system implemented that lets you pass time quickly.Another really good feature is the planetyness of the game. I've played a lot of these sci survival games and few of them offer anything that feels like a real living breathing planet. Nomads still has a long way to go in this department and some of the thicker forests cause massive frame lag. But they are on the right track with a real feeling planet. I wish the planets in Empyrion were this good.There are four frustrating things about this game though.1. It's buggy and sort of clunky. Not hugely clunky but you definitely move without grace. As for the bugs they are not incessant but they are very noticable. For one thing the gorilla monsters clip through the building walls of my structure and attack me. My first ever death in game happened because a gorilla monster aggro'd me through the wall of my structure, clipped inside and trapped me against a wall. Terrible. Just terrible.2. When you die the game pretty much crashes instead of being able to respawn you. This is the only crash I've seen currently and I guess all things considered it is the best time for one if you have to have one.3. NO GUNS!! There are vicious teleporting wall hacking gorilla monsters constantly harassing me while I try and work and not even my structure can keep them out. None of that would be a problem if I was armed but I'm not. No guns currently implemented in the game and my pathetic little mining laser just annoys the gorilla monsters. They have said they are adding guns though so this isn't as bad as the dip♥♥♥♥♥ making subnautica.4. No map. Sure they let you use beacons and a barely visible hud display to find your way around but that isn't good enough for me. An exploration game without a map is like a melted icecream cone. Yeah you can still eat it but it won't be anywhere near as good. This is another high tech futurey exploration game without hardly any high tech computery stuff at all. I hate games that don't have a map and honestly this particular point almost makes me not recommend the game.  Almost. Fix it!At the last I gotta say so far the game isn't ♥♥♥♥♥d out to consoles yet. Also the game is single player so they devs don't have to screw around with netcode and MP issues. Somebody might actually be making a REAL PC game here. It's worth staying tuned for."
76561198000765631,Recommended,504050,31997902,Posted: 27 May,all,Hashshashin,"This will be in a few years a most epic game, still very early on but the signs are good for an ea game, active and honest devs with a passion for thier game. Hermit thumbs up, good fun and heading to a bright future."
76561198080582058,Recommended,504050,31978371,Posted: 26 May,all,Suchong 4,"This game right here, Pllanet Nomads has ALL the trademarks and basic assets of the PERFECT survival/building game. Just... NOT QUITE YET. Its basically JUST been released so all the whiny sillies in reviews who have chosen to ignore the fact its EARLY ACCESS will play it and then bugger off, completely missing the entire point. But, in its current state, it cant be recommended unless youre absolutely serious about its development. I'm not saying NO, i'm just saying NOT RIGHT NOW. But, for what it's worth at the moment, i'm on a season pass on board the Hype Train, Definitely worth the money i spent.Subnautica's Graphics - For an early access release, the game is absolutely beautiful. NOT Nearly as diverse as you'd expect, but VERY beautiful.Space Engineers Limitless Construction Possibilities - I can very, VERY easily envision a more detailed building system to include a HUGE number of new blocks to build with... I can see myself EASILY building mobile Fortresses and Star Destroyers in the future, if it ever gets that far.Survival Aspects of Empyrion Galactic Survival - Food, Hunger, Water, Temperature, Weather, Health, Sleep. Highly complex systems managed in a simplistic way to reduce micromanagement and allow you to actually enjoy the game.Random Gen planets that could ptentially, with refinement, put No Man's Sky permanently out of business.Osiris: New Dawn Multiplayer - ALL the hallmarks of a potentially beautiful multiplayer survival game with full pvp and pve elements in a HUGE open world, and the devs have said they are focusing on multiplayer.I will be watching this games development very closely, it has all the basic assets needed to become the direct competitor to Subnautica - and of course - NO MAN'S SKY'S REPLACEMENT. If this game gets to the level it needs to be, No Man's Sky will officially be thrown to the dustbin of gaming history never to be resurrected.To all who have played No Man's Sky and been left disappointed, i'd recommend watching this games development very closely."
76561198318161849,Recommended,504050,32032795,Posted: 28 May,all,Delicious Antifreeze,"Great game! Has A LOT of potential! only issue is, it keeps crashing then encryPTING THE ♥♥♥♥ING SAVES. this needs to be fixed otherwise im going to drop the game..."
76561198408684734,Recommended,504050,33825857,Posted: 27 July,all,JohnnyRico,"This is the jack-of-all-sandbox games. Finally a game that puts an emphasis on exploration, building AND survival. I’m already feeling like a space Robinson Crusoe at times and if the devs deliver on their vision presented on the Kickstarter page, Planet Nomads will be an epic journey. And seeing how often they are updating the game and how open they are towards the players, I know we’ll eventually get there. I have to point out the graphics, they are one of the best I’ve seen in procedurally generated worlds."
,Recommended,504050,33838073,Posted: 27 July,all,JohnnyDeadmeat,An exalent and potentialy great game.it has a Fantastic single player experince at this time.far better than nomans sky and at much more reasonable cost.being able to build and clear land is fantastic.so there is alot you can do with it and they adding content ad regular intervals its far from polished but it worth throwing your support into it.
76561198055894794,Recommended,504050,33842419,Posted: 27 July,all,eviloverlord,I will say it plainly - I’m having good time with Planet Nomads. There are so many engineering options and the physics are so fun. With the added round blocks I really got the ball rolling. There’s more coming every week and I’m looking forward to the new terrain generation and animals the devs are planning. This is the way Early Access should be handled.
76561198410314302,Recommended,504050,34324343,Posted: 18 August,all,prettykittykitten2,for a game in developement its pretty good some glitches but expected. the tech tree is pretty nice just make a required item to unlock more. your drop pod can either be used for temperary shelter or you can mismantle it for parts. combat system needs work and every now and then you see a enemy stuck in a weird way. would like to see co-op or mutli-player.oh and if it rains get to cover it will kill you pretty quick.Adding the achievements is a nice touch loving the 0.7.5 update
76561198057649575,Recommended,504050,33842543,Posted: 27 July,all,KSkate,Great game!  One of the best EA titles I have had the pleasure to play.  It's only going to get better!
76561198102435033,Recommended,504050,34378517,Posted: 20 August,all,sregnif,"after 7 hours playing for a early access game it is pretty good. i found nothing really bad will stop me playing until fixed, A few things i have found which could do with tweaking a bit, it seems all the animals are stealthy little buggers and i am sure the size of some of them i would hear them next to me, when you eat or drink i think the cool down if too long , a few times in holes i  fallen through the world into the water, and cars well i am afraid thumbs down for them the physics is wrong and you get stuck way to easy even a deer can ram me and almost turn me over i will stick to walking for now, apart from that it is thumbs up from me a good game."
76561198030752525,Not Recommended,504050,32168701,Posted: 3 June,all,HoosierHawk,"This is a really great game with a lot of promise BUT it is broken at this time with these Swiss Cheese planets.  I cannot recommend anyone buy this game until this issue is fixed.  If you enjoy spending 2 hours building a rover only to accidentally fall in one of these ridiculously common deep sink holes then spending 2-3 hours digging it out or rebuilding it again , then rinsing and repeating; than this is your game.  I want to love it because it is so promising but how did this issue make it past QA???????? Yes it is early access and bugs are expected but such a core problem should have been noticed and corrected before going to early access.    The developer has acknowledged the issue which is a good thing and if they fix it I will change my review but I can't recommend this frustration to anyone paying money."
,Recommended,504050,34827792,Posted: 8 September,all,grieferbastard,"A very good game with a lot of potential. Still early access obviously but it compares well to the competition. It's SP only and I have no issue with that - actually bought the game specifically because the developers said they were abandoning MP. MP requires a whole different approach to balance and almost universally degrades the SP experience. Take Conan and ARK as examples; both need mods or significant changes to make them playable SP because the balance is geared towards MP.There's numerous biomes on the world and travel is neccessary. There's no one ideal place. Resource gathering is a good balance, it doesn't feel like a grind. Combat is still developing, currently you have no real way to fight any of the serious enemies save running them over - which they can't fight back against. There's only 1 weapon you can create and it's like 3 clips per enemy for anything challenging enough you'd need to shoot it - and clips are very resource intensive. By the time you kill all the beasties in a nest with the gun the first ones you killed have probably respawned making it pointless.Base building is excellent already, which is a very good sign. All in all it's a good entry into the field and it's starting out with a point - build a starship to get off the planet. The whole 'why' aspect of it is missing from many games still.If you're good with early access and want a good 'stranded on an alien planet' survival game, this is an excellent choice and the developers have clearely laid out goals and have kept up with the updates. Good odds on this one being a finished game. IMO, worth the buy."
76561197994717042,Recommended,504050,33858171,Posted: 28 July,all,Soames,"Perfect game if you've got the imagination to take you on your own unscripted journey of survive and build.Yes, there are many similar games, but I don't know what it ia about this one. Maybe it's the atmosphere, maybe the balance, maybe the solitude - it just feels right."
76561198073431329,Recommended,504050,33853504,Posted: 28 July,all,Peppered Snake,"I've only been playing survival mode so far, which was my primary reason for buying this game. Although I will play in creative at some point.I'm currently enjoying this game; Running around and gathering resources, building my base. The most excellent part is when you realise that you can attach base structure parts to the vehicle parts. So if you wanted a large power-generator on the back of your quad, instead of battery packs, you can. Just don't expect it to drive very well ;DThere's a few YouTube videos out there, showing people experimenting.For me the strong points for supporting this game are:+ Nice and bright world scenery.+ Shapeable terrain (But only digging/removing so far. But making big underground tunnel bases is fun)+ Construction interface is easy to get to grips with (Far better than Space Enginneers in my opinion)+ Handy pop-up help menus (Key-binded to the F1 thru F5 keys, for specific parts of the game e.g. building, vehicles)+ There's a tutorial that's shaping up quite nicely, to help ease you into the game (Only tried survival, don't know about creative).+ The developers are active and the game is stepping forwards.I can't really put any negatives, as this game is still in Early Access.If you're going to buy this game, make sure you fully understand that this game could change in gameplay or even have a bug for a while. The only way Early Access games can improve, is if you help the developers by providing constructive feedback on their website forum. Posting game issues in reviews or in comments, underneath update releases, have a higher chance of being missed."
76561198107383431,Recommended,504050,33911308,Posted: 30 July,all,TheMaskedPrince,"Planet Nonads, were to begin. The game has a lot of potential, A combination of space engineers and no mans sky. If you are having issues with low frame rate then go to options and change settings lower, for some reason the game starts you off on high graphics. This game is getting alot of updates all the time can't wait till they add space ships and other planets."
76561198214393927,Recommended,504050,34838295,Posted: 9 September,all,Hastelow,"Even though this game is still in early acess, i have found many hours of entertainment. Vast world with danger around every corner. You are limited only by the types of blocks used, in building, otherwise it is up to you how big or small you want to build things, I have enjoyed this to the point of ridiculousness, build underground or in a mountain, or towering skyscrappers, you are limited to what you can come up with, this goes for vehicles as well. This game has alot of potential. and would love to see others playing it. I feel that it was money well spent on this title."
,Not Recommended,504050,32129236,Posted: 2 June,all,AEP,"Even though the game is advertised as Early Access I feel like its still in a phase somewhere much earlier than what should be advertised as early access...- The frame-rates are atrocious (speaking from a view of SLI GTX 1080's...), I normally barely get 30 fps at 1440p, 4k is worse.- Textures may look good in screenshots from far away, but close up they are mostly ugly low res textures.- Character movement feels wrong, no matter if sprinting, walking or flying.- Food, Water, and other life resource meters drop like crazy, you literally have to sleep every 5 minutes which is so annoying.- Very limited resources as I've seen so far.- No story whatsoeverAt this point I would advice not to buy the game, give it another year and look if at least the most critical issues are fixed."
76561198036720716,Not Recommended,504050,31974845,Posted: 26 May,all,💎 Andy 💎,"It saddens me that I have to write a negative review on Planet Nomads, and then ask for a refund.As I had been looking forward to this one. 😢But after launching, the game didn't look anywhere near as good as I thought it would in 1440, maxed out.Still that wasn't enough to put me off.HOWEVER...A few simple and pretty obvious points were. (TLDR at the bottom.)🌌  1, The FOV, in 3rd person is ridiculous. Its right over his shoulder. So much so that its not a lot different to 1st person.With no slider or ability to alter.This will probably change in time. But combined with the other points was pretty silly it wasn't implemented.🌌  2, This is a survival game right? And yet just one choice of a bloke, no FM protagonist... really?🌌  3, added to this no customisation for the character?This game has been in development for years, and yet no one thought, ""wait this is a survival RPG'ish (in that you role play a stranded traveller.)So lets do nothing with the character the player.. plays. M/FM, or any customisation. (Who exactly tested this game, and did the devs listen?)🌌  4,  No map. And there is NO excuse for this, even for the sake of ""reality, for the ""purists"" This is a SI FI game where you build big flashy bases from rocks. So the simple explanation of ""The tech on your suit maps the topographical points of the area, as you explore.And BINGO, you now have a mapping system. And even a mini map option. But noooo. instead its. ""Oh look, it must be 1995,  Iv seen that tree before.""Its like playing Vanilla EverQuest. Where you haven't got a clue where you are, and where you have been. Unless you are ""landmark man"" And as the devs pointed say in the game start blurb. ""Its a freakin big planet.""Or words to that effect.🌌  5,  Blue haze over everting, that becomes almost laughable at night. Like running around under water. And I have (as with other points, seen this mentioned, and ignored.)I asked all this on the forums. With an ""@Devs, please reply.""And received zero reply from the devs, or even the ""official community moderator Wazbat."" (Who in all honestly seems a pretty decent guy, his lack of replies notwithstanding.)But he (the moderator) did reply, on that same thread with this.. (so he obviously hadn't even read the thread. or the request for even one of the points...he was replying on.)""Yeah first person FOV can be disorientating. Though there's third person as you mentioned.I'll link this thread to the devs.Modifiable FOV has been mentioned before by people who wanted it.""Sigh... I asked about FOV 3rd not 1st person. I even clarified it on the second post on the same thread... sigh.. such hard work for so little an answer.And also.. So they (The devs) ""knew people wanted it before."" And couldnt be bothered to, y'know add it?This is like a mod, adding FOV to a game. This is just one point. (the mind boggles.)So I asked again on the same thread, to the same official  moderator, nothing.. no reply.There are other reasons, I could go on about... But there is no point.For me, these few points are so basic, so fundamental. That even in a EA title they should be present on launch.And as they are not... Who knows how long they will take to be corrected... If ever.Now had this game been 10 quid, maybe it would have been excusable... maybe..But at a whopping 21 pounds for an EA product with so, so, (did I mention so..) much basic, no-brainer missing content. Its refund time, for a year or so. Or unless it hits a 50% sale.TLDR. Wait until it has...✨ Decent viewing in 3rd person. And 1st person.✨ A map. or at least some way to see where you are on a whole planet area.✨ Some form of choice and customisation on the character you are playing.✨ No absurd blue haze all over the screen. Especially at night.Another 6 months, maybe a year. Will look again.If it works for you... GREAT...But for me, and ATM there are other, much more ""content rich"" survival games on Steam. and most for a lot less casharoo. 🚀"
,Recommended,504050,32013301,Posted: 27 May,all,Layowin,I love the game I think has great potential but...Being how its early access don't expect muchIt really does have very limited amount of stuff to doIt does have quite a few bugs and glitches aswellIn my honest opinion I would recommend watching the game closely to see if ther is more content and bug fixes before you buy itI would hold off for 6 months and see how it is then
76561197992651784,Recommended,504050,32090377,Posted: 31 May,all,Asatar,"So far so good. It just needs a lot of time. Like in A LOT! of time, to be lasting fun. But its a good start."
76561198006281592,Recommended,504050,31958903,Posted: 25 May,all,Dark Miracle,"This is really a nice EA survival game. Nice graphics, working physics and completely destructible ground. Unfortunately you have no tool to rebuild the planet surface back.... means a lot of death traps around your base soon.But hey, who cares ? We are nomads, so pack your stuff and travel somewhere else :PWith more content this could become the ""better"" No Mans Sky. At least you get no eye cancer while exploring the planet. We need more wheels, car part, weapons, planes and spaceships. More creatures, dangerous caves threats and so on.But the start is ok :-)Thumbs up guys."
,Recommended,504050,31960043,Posted: 25 May,all,RadGH,"This is a tricky one to recommend.Firstly, this game is clearly not ready to buy for the gameplay. It is very unfinished. But I still recommend it as an early access game. A lot of early access games are very buggy, and you have to question whether the developers know what they are doing. If the developers aren't any good, the game won't meet anyones expectations.But Planet Nomads has proven that they do have solid developers. The game runs well. What features are implemented are quite polished.My only worry is that this turns into a hollow crafting game with no purpose or long term goals. I haven't done my research, so I don't know what is planned for the game. So far it's just your standard survive, explore, craft and build game.I hope to eventually see NPCs, missions, storylines, random events, and things like that. As far as I can tell, nothing like this is implemented yet.So I recommend this game for the traditional reason of wanting to see it become more than it currently is. If you are wanting to buy this game to play it, DON'T. Only buy it to support it.Pros:1. VISUALS - Great looking planet, plants, trees, wildlife. It's not just carbon copies of the same asset throughout the entire planet like in No Man's Sky.2. CRAFTING - Manufacturing parts is pretty much spot-on. Not too many intermediate parts that make recipes confusing.3. MACHINES/WIRING - Often crafting games completely avoid systems for machines. This game has an interface to configure machines, and wire up those which require electricity. Though the functions are basic now, it has a lot of potential for factorio-style production systems.4. INTERFACE - Already this game shows great visuals for the interface, and has a straightforward help menu under F1-F5 keys. They are categorized well as Gameplay / Survival / Crafting / etc.Cons:1. CONTENT - Aside from a basic land vehicle and essential two tiers of buildings, there doesn't seem to be much to do. There are creatures who can become hostile, although the AI is basic.2. INTERFACE - Interface was also one of my pro's, but a few features of the interface need improvement. You might end up like I did, being poisoned, radiated, and a few other issues. There doesn't seem to be a way to see what these debuffs are, what they do, or how to get rid of them. But I assume user experience and interface improvements will come, maybe the tutorial system will apply when you get poisoned for the first time, for example."
,Recommended,504050,31961259,Posted: 25 May,all,Mihara,"I wanted Space Engineers, but running on Linux.This isn't what I got,yet,but it looks like eventually it will be. It's still quite raw. The terrain generator produces stupidly treacherous holes, survival balance is a bit more brutal than it needs to be, many required features are still missing, no co-op yet.And still, I have a good feeling about this one."
76561198173294117,Recommended,504050,33296240,Posted: 5 July,all,jameshaller83,"Would like the game to have upgradeable  contruction attributes; equipment, engings and buildings. Dynamic smart  NPC ""s  and animals. Manny more animal species, alien races, and epic monsters. in greater numbers.  Explore other solar systems. . Npc buildings and  citys to trade with or fight. Natural disasters. explore and meet other life rather than  just destroying it."
76561198164966849,Recommended,504050,35064609,Posted: 19 September,all,nanoczarny,"Even at this early development of the game, I have to say it is very good.  I have had no performance problems since starting to play and I have over 30 hours of play time.  The build system is as good as I have seen for most games and it is still pre-alpha.  The variety of structures you can build is litterally up to your imagination.  As far as the vehicles are concerned, the physics are good and the reward for exploration is adequate and maybe a little too easy.The biggest challenge in the beginning will be food and water (of couse).  Like any survival game, water, food, and shelter will be the priorities but the game is generous by providing the escape pod from the beginning.  Once water, food and shelter are under control, you will have plenty of time to experiment.  I highly recommend using the creative mode to experiment with vehicles because you are restricted at first by the materials you have access to.  That said, even with the basic materials, you can build almost any wheeled vehicle you can imagine.  I am looking forward to watercraft and aircraft.  I have seen video of a monorail system which looks great and would be a real challenge (all of the components have to be made from the available building blocks).The concept of a mobile fortress is a great concept as well.  The player will have to find enough Xaenite but that is part of the fun and it can be done if you manage your resources with that in mind.Jet packs can be upgraded as can the multitool; there is also a rifle now which is handy for the wild life that is entirely hostile and will react to your presence if you get too close or disturb its protected habitat.Pros:The build system has a fairly steep learning curve but creative mode is a great place to get used to it.  Once you get used to the build system, you should be okay in Story mode.  This cannot be overlooked and if you want to drastically reduce your frustration level, you should definitely use Creative mode to learn the game mechanics. Creative mode is a plus and without it, the frustration of the learning curve might be too much for some; creative mode is a ;us.Swimming is a thing and your vehicles can move underwater so you sort of get watercraft if you accept that; just watch out for crevaces.Multiple energy sources give you the flexibility to keep weight to a minimum which helps when designing vehicles.The conveyor system is nice but it does require a lot of resources so be ready for that.Cons:I would like to see a vehicle design function where you can save designs and export those for use in Story mode.  That would save a lot of time and only be stricted by the available matierials which you would still have to collect.I have had no hangs or crashes during game play with the current build; however, the game did hang once when loading from a saved game which was easily rectified by restarting the game..There is no way to raise the terrain in order to level the ground out by building it up in some cases.  Being able to build up and/or smooth the terain would make a lot of sense in a game like this considering some of the advanced technology.  I expect this later and would be surprised if it wasn't added.The graphics are not state of the art as yet but still very nice and I appreciate the fact that they are what they are which allows for better screen rendering of distant objects and better video performance overall.By far my biggest complaint (and not that bad really) is the reduction of frame rate.  After playing for a few hours whithout stopping, you will likely notice a declining frame rate.  This is not a big problem as you can save the game and reload to resolve it.  I am sure the developers know about this and will optimize the game to account for this.I would like to see an away-from-keyboard (AFK) feature because you will die if you leave the game for an extended period of time; starvation and dehydration are real concerns and will kill your character.  AFK mode would prevent that.Multiplayer:I am not sure if this will be a thing in the game but it is not an issue for me.  I understand if it is for some because multiplayer would add a considerable amount advantages with regard to resource collection and planet exploration.Conclusion:I realize the early game had a lot of problems (I did not play it before the current release 0.7.4) so bear that in mind.  The reviews prior to the last two version updates seem bad but the game has seen remarkable improvement (if the early reviews are accurate).  The price, 19.99, is not a hardship and for early access, well worth it.  I have purchased much, much worse for more money (a certain ******sky comes to mind).  Give Planet Nomads a try.  If you keep the fact that this is pre-alpha, I don't think you will be disappointed.  Each new update holds the potential to make this game even greater."
76561198070732620,Recommended,504050,34360359,Posted: 19 August,all,Smee,"I brought the game for around 16€.Its worth it, I played before No Man's Sky.But if I compare both of the games, Planet Nomands suits me better.It take me about 1 hour with some Youtube videos to get use to it.I like it, if you love Space Engineer, you will like this game.There  are  a few bugs, namely my game crashes every time if I load anSavegame after playing for some time.If I restart it I can load it without problem.When the Autosave starts the game freezes for a few seconds.But at this price its worth it.Can't wait to see what it will become in the future.Give it a try."
76561198056832185,Recommended,504050,33877126,Posted: 29 July,all,Robot Warrior,"I don't usually go for Early Access games as they vary in level of completion. However, I was intrigued by the building and exploration gameplay shown in the videos/screenshots with the beautiful alien environments (rather than dystopian crime-ridden cityscape). As of present, the game is still very much a work in progress but still fun to explore and build. There are plenty of expensive polished AAA games out there but all I can find it shooter, shooter shooter, COD clone, COD clone, which is not really to my taste (I'm bad at PVP).Although there is some optional combat with dangerous animals in the game (or run away!), it's optional and only later on as the player starts with very little and has to gradually build their way up by searching for an harvesting raw materials to turn into composite materials which are turned into the final items using '3D printers'. Base-building is thus a major feature along with the possibility of making a mobile vehicle base to live, well, like a nomad.As you construct machines, walls etc. you can unlock others which give you an interesting challenge. As with Minecraft, I like the freedom of choosing what to build and how to design it and hoping they will be adding a greater range of (are they called blocks?) to build with. As of recent, I built a medium size vehicle complete with it own stasis chamber (bed) and certain utility machines and have been exploring the procedurally-generated world looking for new biomes and rare materials whilst keeping an eye out for unexpected holes in the ground and obstacles. To a fair extent, it's very much a case of 'play your way'.From a player perspective, the advantage of joining at this early point is that you may be able to influence and assist the future development of the game along with supporting it and there definitely feels like great potential.Unfortunately, in my case I'm getting performance issues due to my limited computer hardware though the gameplay is attractive enough to keep me glued."
76561198021664165,Recommended,504050,34408807,Posted: 21 August,all,Katelynn,"was ""good"" before the .7 update, now it's awesome.  do be careful around the nests esp the rock throwers, had a bit of a time when my vehicle wedged beside one of there nests, to say they get upset is a slight understatement!love the balancing they did with the game,  i am quickly starting to like fruits in game :)"
76561197995042941,Recommended,504050,33855794,Posted: 28 July,all,RageQuitBuddha,This is an early access title so I cant give a final opinion but as it is going the game is looking great. The devs really seem to care about issues that arise and small weekly updates help things to keep moving along. As with many early access titles this game has a lot of potential and it looks like these guys can capitalize on that pontential. Great job so far Craneballs best wishes for a successful future!
,Recommended,504050,31964210,Posted: 25 May,all,CYB3RCH1LD F😈NK,Awesome Game.Beautiful Graphics.A bit grindy but all in all a good game.
,Not Recommended,504050,34648238,Posted: 31 August,all,Chryseus🍸,No multiplayer
76561197998615058,Not Recommended,504050,34687809,Posted: 2 September,all,Cyrus,Like many other negative recent reivews I bought this with the promise of eventual co-op / multiplayer.I finally buy this after watching it for months (which included many promises of multiplayer) and within a week they completley axe multiplayer...
,Not Recommended,504050,31970060,Posted: 26 May,all,JC_NZ,"Reiterating what a lot of people are saying here - it's a really exciting proof-of-concept, but it's not a game in its current form. Other, more mature early-access titles like Empyrion, Space Engineers and Eden Star are far more fully realised."
,Recommended,504050,33814353,Posted: 26 July,all,Toeftinger,Devs are amazing. keep on the good work
76561198068878670,Not Recommended,504050,34687249,Posted: 2 September,all,HellsGeneral,"Like - Space Setting and Simple Building UI.  Many games over complicate the building UI.  Will be a good single player survival game, if you like that.DISLIKE - I bought this game because I like playing survivial with friends.  Multiplayer was a major priority on the original road map and the release page, which is the reason I bought the game early to support the development process. I am extremely irrate that multiplayer has been taken off the table and will continue fighting for a refund.  I do not like being lied to by developers, and there should be an open refund period when a MAJOR change to their development road map happens like that.  If their original intent was to have a multiplayer game, the coders should have taken that into account when building it.Summary -  I had enjoyed the game when I played it, but playing alone gets boring.  The vehicle system was buggy when I first played it, which is why I stopped at 12hours play time.  I was going to dump another 12+ hours into it, because multiplayer was slated to be released soon on their original road map.  However, with the developers now saying that multiplayer will not exists, I would not invest another minute of playtime."
76561197994475018,Recommended,504050,34771191,Posted: 6 September,all,pounce,"Finally an Survival/Build game without magic weapons and armor.Building the tools to get the ressources to build the tools to get better ressources, it is very well thought out.If the Devs go on like that it will be one of the Classics, nuff said, five  thumbs up out of two.Right now still some parts missing that would be great but given it is in development it is GRANDE.Oh and guys, do something about beacons, the compass is a mess as soon one has more than lets say 6."
76561198026822406,Recommended,504050,31985436,Posted: 26 May,all,emilper,"Built a small base, then built a mobile base, then went exploring, then fell in a water hole and the mobile base turned upside down.Will build again, and explore again after the next update.It looks good, has some content,It works on linux."
76561197970970426,Recommended,504050,34347554,Posted: 19 August,all,Nicoffeust,The only missing feature is multiplayer. Everything else is awesome !
76561198184931778,Recommended,504050,31988008,Posted: 26 May,all,Killerlee1992,OK Well in my first review. i was about to be done with this game but i gave it another chance.The game is great love the idea but a long way to go. there nowere near enough content. i started a new planet and had max stuff in 4 hours that wasent strait either. the other thing is i found gold and uranium before i found silver. but beside that the rovers need some work you have to put pieces on over and over untell they work properly. and if it gets stuck you have to buld something heavy on it to get it out im sure theres youtube vids on it. all i know is the next update needs to be good]
76561198053561874,Recommended,504050,33885420,Posted: 29 July,all,Menzagitat,"Edit: after playing more, I had to update my review. It remains a positive review.The game is essentially a building game. Look what I managed to build.http://steamcommunity.com/app/504050/discussions/0/1471967615879107612/I was surprised too because the main focus is to build vehicles.The game at this moment is still a single player game.Flying and Space travel will be implemented.My gameplay was focused mostly to find bugs without creating massive structures.I found only acceptable bugs which do not diminish the gameplay. Some of them may even enhance the experience if you misuse them (some people managed to fly into space already!)Survival is easy in the startup biome but if you visit the extreme cold environments, you must be well equipped.I managed to gather all needed resources to unlock the high tier recipes.This is achievable in one day when playing first time and without reading in advance what to do.I see this as a benefit because I don't like to grind for recipes.Negative points:- eating and drinking should be balanced near the base where the player is normally busy building stuff. During exploring I found the hunger and thirst acceptable. Also, there is a creative mode where you can avoid the survival aspects.- you have only one sized wheels and the torque is not realistic: you can configure the wheel for high speed and you get also high traction.The new terrain generation introduced on 17 Aug 2017 is driver friendly.But I like to have difficult terrain near my base:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1113181200If you wonder how to optimize your vehicle weight and power generation, see this thread:http://steamcommunity.com/app/504050/discussions/0/1471967615860430939/Conclusion:The game deserves full price if you are a builder and if you like to create and test vehicles.Do not expect a hard-core survival game, like The Long Dark or Don't Starve.Also it is not an Ark Survival kind of game with so many creatures and taming."
76561197972234707,Recommended,504050,31998975,Posted: 27 May,all,Axe,"I am loving this game so much!I am a big fan of space, survival, games like empyrion and this game is really good.Very much recommended."
,Recommended,504050,31997099,Posted: 27 May,all,shauno2001,"Its a really good game, imagine space engineers and no mans sky combined and that what this game is. You survive harsh element and come accross dangerest beast, But its up to you how you plan to survive and plan your journey. i give this game 10/10 besides a few bugs and a little lack of omptimisations"
,Recommended,504050,31960574,Posted: 25 May,all,Chavyboi,This is a great game from what I have played fun and hard can't wait to see what they put into this
76561198168398463,Recommended,504050,33819844,Posted: 26 July,all,✪ Andrew -iwnl-,does it work on windows 8 ?
,Not Recommended,504050,32027512,Posted: 28 May,all,Hapa,"Update 02/09/17Is not a matter of ""I prefer singleplayer"" or ""I prefer multiplayer"". The problem is a lot of people bought it thinking on Singleplayer and another chunk bought thinking on Multiplayer.The moment the devs say, ""No more multiplayer at all"" and those people who bought for SP think: ""Do not affect me, screw it, keep it up devs"" something is wrong. What about the others BUYERS? This seems very unprofessional. That said, I hope the game succeed, but be warned that this may make people to take a step back before buying any game from them again. At least for me, it sure will.I would be changing this to neutral, but there is no such option.Update 28/07/17I'm changing this review to Recommended. The reason is that the game has improved a lot in a short period of time, and the devs seems really keen to solve the issues pointed out on forums."
,Recommended,504050,31953886,Posted: 25 May,all,Kim,"The game doesn't run smoothly, i got a i7 7700k 4.8Ghz with two 1070 SLI. and i barely get 50-60fps. I like the consept, i really like the graphic and mechanics. After a few updates this game will be amazing! there is a lot of bugs in there like two alien dino things, walking into each other head first. so right now i won't be recommending it (but you might wanna try after a few updates), but remember it is a early access game. so its gonna be good eventually. (this review is from when it first launched)"
76561198027450214,Not Recommended,504050,32005009,Posted: 27 May,all,Cherono Lord,"From the day I've heard of this game I knew I wanted to buy it.The trailer looked great, and I like the game concept considering I have almost 2000 hours of play on Space Engineers.The developers said SE inspired them and I hoped that would mean a great game will be on its way.I've brought it on the very day of release and sadly from there I got disappointed.I am aware this is early access, I expect bugs and problems and obviosly improvments along the way, however few things bother me:1) In the trailer you are in a crashing ship, probably a fighter ship considering it's size, in the game itself you crash landing in an escape pod.2) The trailer show a box with weapons and tools, a gun to fight aggresive creatures and a drill to mine resources.It seems that the drill was switched with a multi tool for resource gathering and that same tool is used as a weapon.3) You can't boost an existing power block by connecting it to another and even if two or more power blocks are attached to the same blocks it would not provide power to them all, which basically mean you'd have to seperate the power grids if you intend on having all other blocks in your base to work.In addition the power systems seems a bit bugged, I've had an instance where my 3D printer stopped working despite being the only block connected to the power grid and turned on, a reload solved it for now..4) Resources and inventory: each item can be in stacks of up to 70 units, after which a new stack will form.Inventory is very small and limited since it is stack based.5) Progression: you need to build X before you can build Y, from one hand its good for not overloading new players, on the other hand, untill you find some of the less common resources you are pretty much stuck.6) Save system and survival: to make it more immersive it was decided to not allow players to save during survival mode.Insted every few minutes the game auto save and on exiting it also save.This is bad as it prevent making back up saves for when a player screw up.I've managed to throw a car I've built into a lake and I can't take it out without breaking it apart, nither can I got back to a point before this happened..Generally the graphic look great and it has a potential to be a good game but a lot of improvment is needed.For now I really don't know if I can or cannot recommend it and I guess some time will pass before I give it another shot."
76561197993379549,Recommended,504050,34668415,Posted: 1 September,all,cervanic,"Planet Nomads is a fun game, even at this stage. It has occasional bugs and is sometimes slower than I think it should be, but that's expected for an early-access game. It has a lot of potential, is incredibly unique, and its progress has been steady and meaningful. I'm confident that I'll be able to sink a lot more hours into it as it progresses, and I am enjoying seeing it grow.The main reason I'm writing this review is because I love the premise of the game itself and I can see some of the technical challenges the crane balls team has overcome by building sandy and also by not relying on purchased assets and textures. Some other games that I enjoy (but can't recommend) may have had faster development, but seem unable to overcome the technical boundaries of the tools they're using. I have no way of knowing if those other games are going to be able to overcome them, because they haven't created anything fundamentally unique. Planet Nomads is definitely unique to its core.The other reason I'm writing this review is because the creators of this game have not over-promised and under-delivered at any point thus far. Many early access games I've played either have a huge roadmap and hype, but progress sporadically (if at all), or no roadmap and just progress in whatever whimsical direction the creator thinks would be cool that day. Planet Nomads is progressing steadily, and I believe they'll achieve their vision.So if you like the premise, want to try something unique, and are happy with a steadily evolving but unfinished game, you should try it."
,Recommended,504050,32016413,Posted: 28 May,all,axemall,why is there so little content for such a high paying game
76561198274536266,Recommended,504050,31976388,Posted: 26 May,all,Thule,Positive feedback. Waiting more content and vehicles parts.
,Recommended,504050,34338546,Posted: 18 August,all,Loivado,"Good one yet.Don't forget it's early access, bugs - glitches and what else not are likely to occur."
76561198017620641,Not Recommended,504050,33985615,Posted: 2 August,all,dbluedragon2000,i loved this game and will still play it but no multiplayer really.
,Recommended,504050,33966750,Posted: 2 August,all,The Nekomimi Man,F*cking tiny crabs with huge a*sholes keep gangbanging me. And i'm loving it.
,Not Recommended,504050,32003493,Posted: 27 May,all,[WG] Mr Fun ☠,"12 Hours of gameplay.The first tier of gameplay works fine, when you start getting into tier two or advanced vehicle designs everything bugs out. I give the Tier 1 of the game 8/10 and anything that I mentioned above  a 3/10. I was streaming this ontwitch.tv/mrfun01and I got one solid day of quality stream out of it. The rest of the gameplay is bugs and problems. I ended up cutting the stream of this game off on day two because I was beating a dead horse trying to get things to work.Watch this. My entire base right here.https://clips.twitch.tv/MoralRelievedPangolinYouWHY"
76561198007950957,Recommended,504050,34688282,Posted: 2 September,all,dr_crimbo,"I've not got the best computer going( q6600 4gb ram 650 gtx ) ,  i did have to drop video settings down  but  space enginers won't run on it since the planet update .but in the time being starmade has gave me some fun but planets are so small and elite is making me want to explore a planet , so was looking for something to feel my creative need ,so i got thisday 1out of cryo on to the escape pod , good start easy to get a hang of things and i start by making a small buggy and placing everything on floor round my power suppy i built a basic mobile base after its slow and not good at hills but does the job , I end up getting flipped on side and nerly killed by an ape like cretureday 2hiding in my status chamber seemd like there touting me beatiing there chests  i get it flipped back over by one of them somehow and i am out of there I try heading south hard going but i find some silver , titanium and aluminium still need mere ore but my base flipped under water and stuck i gather ore needed and stock pile before trying to go northday 3somehow i insta death coming out the status chamber  so i start a new drop 10 k away it seems so i build a new moble base smaller and fasterday 4I find all ore i need near a partly  built base and i do get a auto miner running , i have most items unlocked ,just one ore i need to find i feel i am near as i do find a few rocks nerby with it in but i run out of iron and carbon back down southday 5I find a nice spot where i can auto mine all ore but 1 so build a main base and a new nuke powerd moble base i also find out that a powerd status chamber gives you weter and food .I decide to try and find the north pole and rest at north base on wayday 6I'm at north pole and I build a auto miner there where I am getting the last ore i need , soi stockpile and back to main baseday 7Everything unlocked and a update with a new cockpit but mutiplayer been dropped still noone i know got this game anyway , I started a few big wheel experiments and had a few fails( devs i will be posting about this :P)  , in the end  i made a new bigger moble base turned out well , good speed and good at hill climbing ,seems 60 to 70 degree slopes max  i am happy with itday 8went to find my first moble base ,wow  what a diffrence to what i have nowsummeryI do feel I had what I wanted and can't wait till we can fly or get to space for that matter. There has been a few bugs along the way,  but not a lot alt-f4 and reloading can't solve or rebulding a diffrent way  ,I did enjoy it and thats what matters ,just wish i could use dirt to fill holes up but famework will have to do for now"
76561198000608773,Recommended,504050,34137367,Posted: 9 August,all,Fluff-E-Kitty,"It seems like a good game, but it runs horribly for me."
76561198053420621,Recommended,504050,32510637,Posted: 17 June,all,khubacher,i love this games but need time to grow but i would get it
76561198034161815,Not Recommended,504050,34340170,Posted: 18 August,all,dukenukkem,"Every so often the game will hold onto a key (such as the up arrow, which produces an infinite forward march effect).  During these instances, the escape key, alt+f4, shift+tab, alt+tab, and even ctrl+alt+delete functions are all disabled, making it impossible to leave the game without restarting the computer.  After rebooting, I found that elements of my hardware, such as my keyboard and mouse, were disabled.  After playing for less than a half hour, I decided I would rather have my money back than even attempt to solve the myriad of problems this game caused."
76561198034582317,Recommended,504050,32300591,Posted: 9 June,all,JakeFromStateFarm,"It's like camping...and I like camping! and travelling and shooting animals that look like they are made of candy....My name is, Poppy! .....haha great EA game."
76561198028465500,Not Recommended,504050,32012442,Posted: 27 May,all,richie283,"Can't recommend this game as it runs poorly on my machine.   I can run plenty of other new and demanding games at 1080p, but not this one.  Serious optimization is required still for older machines.  I'll update this if it changes.On top of that, Steam won't refund me because I spent four hours (which seems absurdly high) messing around in the menus and restarting and trying drivers etc,  trying to make it work and lost track of time.   I guess I'm in for the long haul..."
76561197963782210,Recommended,504050,34693102,Posted: 2 September,all,Tooly,Great game needs more updates
76561198358132372,Recommended,504050,35209866,Posted: 25 September,all,RustyShackleford,verr nice
76561198095504530,Recommended,504050,34833583,Posted: 9 September,all,sorengran,I love this game.The problem is : we have not the possibility to play multiplayer
,Not Recommended,504050,34367203,Posted: 20 August,all,Tori Crash,"No Man's Sky Light. That's my review of this game, all the frustrations and problems of No Man's Sky, a third of the price. If it's on sale for less than 10 bucks, give it a shot, more than that, buy something else. If the devs fix the game up somewhat, give it some contextual keys so you don't have to press 5 things to do 1; than I might change my review. For now, aggravating."
,Not Recommended,504050,34373775,Posted: 20 August,all,Arsat,"German and English per Google translatorSchwierig. Erstmal 5/10 als Fazit. ERSTMAL negativ damit es evtl auch gelesen wird von den Entwicklern und zum nachdenken anregt.Es wird geändert wenn sich genug im Spiel verändert hatWieso :Also im Moment hat man nach ca 5-7 Std alles gebaut was man mit den common Rohstoffen bauen kann.Danach muss man weiter wegfahren um die uncommon und rare Rohstoffe zu suchen.Für die uncommon muss man ca 3-5 kilometer fahren. Für den rare Rohstoff ca 3-9 kilometer und man bekommt eben nicht viel.Dann kann man alles bauen und danach hat man eigentlich schon alles gesehen. So viele Biome gibt es eben leider nicht und auch nicht viele Tiere.Die Rifle braucht ihr garnicht erst bauen, die macht eh kaum Schaden.Autominer gibt es zwar aber man muss 5 Uran investieren um rauszukriegen was der Miner finden kann.Map gibts keine. Der Kompass und die Marker sind nett, aber die Welt ist doch recht groß (falls man mittig landet wohl 1 Std in jede Richtung mit dem Fahrzeug).Man kann Unterwasser fahren. Bug oder Feature ist hier die Frage. Aber man kommt eben nicht z.b. zum Nordpol ohne das man kilometerlang Unterwasser fährt, weil da einfach ein 30-50 Meter tiefes Meer zwischen dem letzten Biome und dem nächsten ist (zumindest in meinem Seed und ohne Map erkenne ich keinen anderen Weg)Das Fahrzeug bekommt keinen Schaden. Was gut ist wiel wie schon gesagt die Rifle macht eh kaum Schaden und Turrets fürs Fahrzeug gibts nichtContent fehlt ohne EndeGutes BausystemVor kurzem hat ein User im Forum gefragt ob das Starforge 2.0 ist.Nein ist es nicht. Nur weil die Grafik, die Engine usw daran erinnern ist es eben nicht das selbe.Die Unityengine bietet von sich aus ein Bausystem aber hier wurde es so gut wie noch nie umgesetzt. Hier wurde also einiges verstanden udn gut umgesetzt. das knan man nicht von jedem Dev erwarten. Auch die Bugs halten sich in Grenzen und die Performance ist ok (da es ja keine Objekte/Städte gibt die es mindern könnten.... :p)Andererseits sind die Devs gegen einen Rohstoffsucher, obwohl das probieren mit dem Autominer jedesmal 5 Uran kostet. Eine Fehlentscheidung meiner Meinung nach.Ich sag deswegen mal so, wenn das Spiel nen Rabatt hat kaufen und warten obs besser wird,Vollpreis wäre es im Moment meiner Meinung nach nicht wert.SPOILER !!!!!""making sure the journey to the North pole is an epic and everchanging adventure""Die paar Biome und die paar Tiere machen die Reise zum Nordpol nicht episch. Eher steckt man oft mal fest. Muss im Schritttempo den Berg hochfahren oder fährt ewig Unterwasser um zum nächsten Biome zu kommen und am Nordpol erwartet einen dann nach einer Std fahrt .....Ein großer Berg. Punkt. Das wars. Nothing special.PR Text oder einfach noch in der Entwicklung ? Man weiß es nicht. Der Text im Shop klingt aber besser als das Spiel ist. Leider.Noch ein PR Text von der Shopseite was mit Patch 0.7 kam :""Discover crash Sites with precious loot and story bits""d.h. Ein Datapad in ner Kiste, ein Marker und ein paar Wrackteile zum Abbauen. Der Loot in der Kiste war so kostbar das ich mich nicht erinnern kann ob überhaupt einer drin war ausser dem Datapad.Die Story beschränkt sich auf ein paar kurze Zeilen.Gefunden hab ich bis jetzt 4 Crashsites. Suchen werd ich aktiv keine weil.... *gähn*Edit : Ok die Community ist recht einfälltig und unwissend. Die Biome selbst sind halt wenig abwechslungsreich und es gibt nur eine Handvoll. Damit ist Erkunden nach 2-3 Std nicht mehr nötig, weil wenn man einmal in die richtige Richtung gefahren ist schon alles gesehen hat plus aller Abweichungen.Leider ist die Community wohl nicht sehr intelligent und rafft das nicht. Wenn die Entwickler nur auf solche Fanboys hört könnte das Spiel recht langweilig werden für jeden mit einem IQ über 100.Difficult. First 5/10 as a conclusion. FIRST TIME negative so it may be read also by the developers and to the thought provokes.It is changed when enough has changed in the gameHow so :So at the moment you have after approximately 5-7 hrs everything you can build with the common raw materials.Then you have to go further to search the uncommon and rare raw materials.For the uncommon you have to drive about 3-5 kilometer. For the rare raw material about 3-9 kilometer and you just do not get much.Then you can build everything and after that you have already seen everything. So many biomes are not available and not many animals.The rifle does not need to build her first, which is hardly any harm.Autominer is there but you have 5 uranium invest to get out what the miner can find.Map is not. The compass and the markers are nice, but the world is nevertheless quite large (if one in the middle landset probably 1 hour in any direction with the vehicle).You can drive underwater. Bug or feature is the question here. But one does not come eg. To the North Pole without the kilometer long underwater, because there is simply a 30-50 meter deep sea between the last biome and the next (at least in my seed and without map I recognize no other way)The vehicle is not damaged. What is good is as already said the rifle does not make any damage and turrets for the vehicle is notContent is missing without endGood building systemRecently a user in the forum asked if the Starforge 2.0 is.No it is not. Just because the graphics, the engine etc. recall it is just not the same.The Unityengine offers a building system on its own, but it has never been implemented here. So here was understood a lot udn well implemented. The knan you do not expect from any dev. Also the bugs keep themselves within limits and the performance is ok (since there are no objects / cities that could reduce it ....: p)On the other hand, the Devs are against a commodity search, although the try with the Autominer always costs 5 uranium. A mistake in my opinion.I say so times so if the game has a NEN discount has to buy and wait obs better,It would not be worth it at the moment.SPOILER !!!!!""Making sure the journey to the North Pole is an epic and everchanging adventure""The few biomes and the few animals make the journey to the North Pole not epic. You often get stuck. Must step up the mountain in step tempo or drive eternally underwater to get to the next biome and the North Pole awaits one then after a hour ride .....A great mountain. Point. That was it. Nothing special.PR text or just still in development? One does not know. The text in the shop sounds better than the game is. Unfortunately.Another PR text from the shop side what came with Patch 0.7:""Discover crash sites with precious loot and story bits""i.e. A datapad in a crate, a marker, and a few wreckage parts. The loot in the crate was so precious that I can not remember if there was anybody else except the datapad.The story is limited to a few short lines.Found I have so far 4 Crashsites. Search I will actively no because .... * yawn *Edit: Ok the community is quite simple-minded and ignorant. The biomes themselves are just a little varied and there is only one handful. This is not necessary after 2-3 hours, because once you have gone in the right direction has already seen everything plus all deviations.Unfortunately, the community is probably not very intelligent and does not get it. If the developers just listen to such fanboys the game might be quite boring for anyone with an IQ over 100."
,Not Recommended,504050,34812548,Posted: 8 September,all,NiKuTa,No Multiplayer = NOT Recommended.When I buy this game MP was in plans - now devs says - there will be no MP.  Without MP i will never buy this game. I cant even return this game!!!DON'T BUY IT WITHOUT MP !!!.
76561198157889308,Not Recommended,504050,34383137,Posted: 20 August,all,DeadPoolGir,A bit Laggy even though my pc is way over the requirements at it's current stage I don't recommend wish there was more options in video settings
,Not Recommended,504050,31963558,Posted: 25 May,all,Atlas1205,"This is ridiculous.There's no way i can ""naturally"" fix any surface that has been dug into, we could totally fill those pits with dirt and rocks we got from somewhere else, BUT NOPE, we cannot do that.That generator thing is just the same ridiculous. i had to manually connect the generator to every single device on the SAME PLATFORM with it. Really? can't you just do the same as Space Engineers and allow generators to power all devices on the same grid?And those 3D printers... OMG, just when i thought the medium 3d printer can make emergency printers obsolete - NOPE! Not only the medium ones are not any faster, you also cannot craft sleeping bags with them (edit: probably already fixed but i have refunded the game anyway). Without any kind of crafting speed improvement, printing stuff is now just a chore unless you have many printers working all at the same time. AND back to the beginning, medium printers need power, so you need to connect them to the generator ONE BY ONE!None of these flaws are excusable with that almighty ""early access getaway"".Wish there is a middle finger instead of just thumb down. Refunded."
,Not Recommended,504050,34088671,Posted: 7 August,all,hYbRiCk,This game has great visuals and potential but I just personally found it a little too basic and boring for now(Yes I know it's in alpha). Perhaps I'll try it again later. Give it a try if you like.
76561198063886825,Not Recommended,504050,32043350,Posted: 29 May,all,notmanmartyn,"Seriously Buggy, tutorial doesnt work, glitchy and derivative gameplay, even the base building is both hard work and boring. Dont bother."
76561198325049765,Not Recommended,504050,34352469,Posted: 19 August,all,markjameshiggs,its horrible you can barely do anything in the game though i hope in the future it will improve
76561198065001607,Not Recommended,504050,33470523,Posted: 11 July,all,WhiskeyTangoFoxtrot,"was never able to play the game. would not launch correctly, attempted multiple fixes, checks files over and over, no results. i meet the system requirments however was let down for not being able to even trey what seems like an amazing game. i hate to give a negative review, but ive already gotten my refund. i suggest maybe waiting some time for a more stable version to be released"
76561198159058448,Not Recommended,504050,33497258,Posted: 13 July,all,TomWalker10,"I really tried to like this game because it looks so promising. Unfortunately, it is not ready for Early Access yet and I cannot recommend it at this point: not enough content, too many bugs, many shortcomings and the price is much much too high for what it offers."
,Not Recommended,504050,33579982,Posted: 16 July,all,Major Brighton,"45 mins was enough! Distinct lack of atmousphere and quality for me.If plastic flowers and rubber deer shaped animals is your thing, thengo for it. It was way too grindy or repetative. I found the basic materialswere way too far and this would not have been a problem, if I felt I had wantedto explore the world, yet it was lacking the detail for me and I hadeverything set on high.Gameplay was ok, definatly worth keeping an eye on the game. Yet wasfar from convincing. Looked like three very different people had tried to createthe items like rock, textures and forgot what continuity was."
76561198255109390,Not Recommended,504050,33497534,Posted: 13 July,all,Freddy_007,"Seriously - 30 USD for this game? For this price, I expect a polished game with decent content - which is not the case for Planet Nomads.Dear developers, please have a look at other games in your genre (Empyrion, Space Engineers, Astroneer, Planet Explorer, Subnautica etc) and adjust your price accordingly. These games charge 50% less on average and they have much more content.Are you so greedy that you forget about what is best for the game?"
76561197980847532,Not Recommended,504050,33377545,Posted: 8 July,all,eleyan,its not letting me change the resolution
76561198162495514,Not Recommended,504050,33301142,Posted: 5 July,all,Top-Gun,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UxJ-UCNdlI
76561197964449111,Not Recommended,504050,32053299,Posted: 29 May,all,muGen,not fun
,Not Recommended,504050,34476667,Posted: 25 August,all,Fabtabulosguy45,bad
76561198023111660,Recommended,504050,35495573,Posted: 5 October,all,westerngunman,"Great Game!  Still in development at the time of this review, however it's getting updates all the time.https://trello.com/b/theYNOul/planet-nomads-development-overview-roadmapBuild, Test your designs, rebuild/improve, explore... survive.It will be interesting what the game will be like when it's fully live."
