user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,505090,31833219,Posted: 18 May,all,Chudah,"I'm gonna be honest, I don't know how this game has as many good reviews as it does.  I went into it thinking it HAD to be better than Dogenzaka's in-house developed catalogue, and I was wrong, so very very wrong.  I don't understand how anyone can derive enjoyment out of it as I literally cannot bring myself to read through more than a chapter at a time due to sheer boredom, and they're the shortest chapters I've ever read through in a VN.  The writing is juvenile and simplistic to the extreme with a paper-thin plot that takes FOREVER to get moving, and when it does is so insanely illogical I just want to shoot these characters to end the pain they're putting me through.  But that doesn't accurately convey how badly I hate this MC.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=926949032Our milquetoast protagonist has no discernable personality AT ALL, and is frustrating beyond belief with how wishy-washy she is in just about every situation. The guys are basically cookie cutouts of the most stereotypical otome tropes, which isn't horrible IF there's some decent romantic tension to push things along; but the MC is so brainless that she spends most of the story shooting down the possibility they even like her, thus negating all potential feels to be had! That's not to mention how incredibly naive and childish her thoughts are, so much so that at times you'd think this 16 year old girl may actually have a developmental disorder.  I'm not kidding, it's really that bad.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=928106068It's abundantly clear that a majority of the production budget went into paying the voice actors, because that's all this game has going for it. The artwork isn't even that great. Sure the character sprites are nice, but the CGs are so emotionlessly boring that I'm not even sure why they bothered.  Listen, I know people are desperate for good otome, especially ones with voice acting, but do not waste your money on this garbage.  It may look and sound pretty, but if you value storytelling at all, DO NOT add this waste of space to your library.  There are far better voiced otome games on Steam for the same price OR less.  Do yourself a favor and grab one of those instead, or if you already own them all, play one of them again.  I promise you won't regret it."
,Recommended,505090,31243493,Posted: 19 April,all,Naruchin ☆,"A nice otome with great visuals and good voice acting. The plot has similarities among routes, and the focus is on the relationship between MC and the love interest. The only recurring characters are Soshi and Kagemitsu. Romance is definitely the selling point and while there is some angst, it's dealt with quickly. The setting is well developed and enjoyable, the Westernization of Japan is approached believably.I am a very fast reader.Each route was about 1 hour and a half long for me, and 8 hours were enough to complete every guy's happy ending and force skip to get the normal ending. It will probably take longer than that if you are in it for the VA. Each route is about 14 chapters. Getting the happy endings is extremely easy, the choices to make are clear. Skipping becomes super fast once you set the speed to 'summary' and force it to all.I was positively surprised by MC. Depending on the route she's self aware, proactive and in general very likeable. She has clearly defined tastes and strengths. She made me really happy compared to the terrible MCs that populate otomes.There isn't a description of the guys' personalities, so I'll just write a few spoiler-free lines about them:Tanba, the cafe owner, is a cheerful, teasing flirt. His route feels much different from the others because MC is outside a lot, and interacts with the cafe patrons and Tanba's friends.Kei, her tutor, is shy and overall pretty sweet, tho he has his tsuntsun moments. One of my favorite routes.Sera is MC's stoic bodyguard, and in his route MC gets assertive and makes first moves. The main conflict is approached pretty abruptly, but I liked the route.Kagemitsu is MC's (forgotten) childhood friend, now working as right hand of Soshi, the ruler. He's extremely sweet.Soshi is the ruler of the country and MC's brother,but not really. Despite that, MC considers him a brother and that made his route pretty hard to stomach for me. I managed to read halfway through and then I just skipped it.There is an overarching narrative, and my suggested route order would be Kei > Kagemitsu > Sera > Tanba. Kei's route works as standalone, the other three have a common theme explored in different ways. I skipped half of Soshi's route because incest is one of my squicks, but I would play it either first or last. You do see a lot of Soshi in all the other routes, by the way, so I didn't feel like I missed out.In short, it's a light read with good production value, but the price is hardly justifiable despite the full voice acting because of the lack of depth. It's definitely an enjoyable game if you keep in mind it's a mobile port."
,Recommended,505090,31465846,Posted: 30 April,all,Mifititi,"Recommended.Story...As a fan of visual novels with a historical setting, this immediately captured my attention. Yet, the setting wasn't as medieval as I expected it to be. It is an interesting mix of the past and the modern day, which I ended up accepting easily, as the focus is on the story.The routes offer variety, with a slice of forbidden romance. Even if all of the routes happen in the same areas, but they turned to out to be different from each other, beside a few aspects. Some of the plot twists can be quite predictable, but I couldn't guess everything ahead. In a way, that makes the routes more interesting, because you figure out something, and something you don't. The game also offers a bigger mystery, that you will eventually figure out.Characters...I liked all of the romanceable males enough to enjoy their routes. Admittedly, I found one of them to be boring, but rarely all characters are to my tastes. The males represent certain types; we have a flirt, a tsundere, a stoic one, a childhood friend and an intimidating older brother. While they are typical, at least you can tell which one(s) you're going to like. Now, I know some people are uncomfortable with the brother being a romantic interest, but the game is really tame content wise.The main character is pretty innocent, but she had more inner strength and temper than I expected. I liked her for that. But her actions on one route made no sense to me. I guess it was put there as a ""shock factor"", but I was just really annoyed by what she did. I'm surprised the love interest even forgave her for what she did in the end. Otherwise, I wasn't bothered by her actions - or lack of them.Gameplay...Like most visual novels, this game asks you to make decisions. Not all decisions are wrong, so it gives you more chances to act more like yourself, without making you lose affection points. It was interesting aspect for sure.Art...It's pleasant to look at, as it usually is in visual novels. I enjoyed all the colorfulness, especially on the love interests, but the fact that they rarely changed clothes was a bit strange, with the exception of the ball event. Apparently everyone always sleeps, eats and walks in the same clothing, every day. And we never got see the main character in her dress.Voice Acting / Music...The highlight of this game was definitely the voice acting. As this was originally a mobile game, I didn't expect that great performances, but I was pleasantly surprised. You can hear both the laughter and the agony in their voices, as you should be able to. The voice actors are really famous around otome game and anime world, so it makes sense they do their work with passion. You can definitely hear every emotion in their voices, no matter the situation.I didn't particularly notice the music. Because I didn't notice it, it wasn't bad.Conclusion...I enjoyed the game. While some of the things can get serious, it isn't as dark as it could have been. It was a nice change, and not too full of anguish. If you want some quick, fluffy romance, this is for you.BUT. The price is too high for a game that doesn't even take 20 hours to finish completely. The voice acting naturally brings up the price, but compared to some other games that have the same price, it definitely doesn't have enough length.I bought this on sale, and I'm glad I did. I have no regrets buying the game, but the full price would have been too much."
,Not Recommended,505090,31342003,Posted: 24 April,all,thearomalady,"I would consider this one to be ""enjoyable, but definitely not worth the full price"". There are five routes, and all of them are quite safe and innocent. It's very hard to not get the happy endings, and I would say the price is only so high because you're paying for the name voice actors. There is not a lot of character art nor is there a lot of CG art- only six charaters have character art (the player and the five guys), and there's not even pictures for characters that appear in multiple storylines, like your personal maid and the tutor you have that isn't Kei. In fact, in most of the storylines, the other guys don't even appear outside their storylines, and they are never mentioned by name. The only exception aside from Soshi (who has to appear) is Kagemitsu, who is only completely absent from one of the five storylines. I bring this up because, well, you can't exactly get a feel for the guys outside their routes as a result.Further, not much changes in each route outside the ""how"". The general outline is the same in each storyline, the same events happen, just the order is different and the specifics of the events change. This, I kind of feel, is in poor taste when so many otome have very different storylines depending on the chosen route. It's easy to predict things in the story once you spot the recurring trend, so the plot twist thatthe guy you pursue is the/a leader of the Rebellionis ruined, since aside from one route, this is always the case.It's frustrating to play a game like this and have it be so... repetitive. If you are curious, these are the recurring plot elements:There is a festival, part of the town burns down, you go to ask Soshi to do something about it and he refuses (his own storyline is the exception to this rule, but that's due to what part of town burned), there is a ball, you have a dance lesson with the guy you picked to prepare for it, Soshi announces your engagement to a foreign power at said ball, there is a rebellion shortly before your departure that your chosen guy leads (Koichiro is the only one who doesn't lead the Rebellion but he is still an important figurehead in it), the Palace burns down (Kei's route is the exception because the climax doesn't happen in the palace), you get together with your chosen guy forever. The order may change, but those events happen in all storylines. There is one thing, though, that was a gigantic ""WTF"" because it comes out of nowhere and isn't properly explained for quite some time-that being when the protagonist tries to poison Soshi in his storyline. And even when it is explained, it still makes no sense.The story is quite basic I think and, as noted, does not really change from path to path. It's very safe- nothing truly exciting happens and the protagonist is never in any real danger. The voices are nice on the ears, particularly Soshi's deep, bored drawl, and the guys are all quite handsome. As characters, I didn't enjoy them as much as I've enjoyed characters in other games- Kei was a rather weak tsundere, Koichiro was an all right dandere and probably the second most enjoyable, Kagemitsu was ungodly boring due to being a generic nice guy childhood friend type (which is a pity, because I really like Toshiyuki Toyonaga's voice), Toki was merely all right and to be honest I don't have much of an opinion on him aside from I would have liked him more as a yandere (I said the same about Kagemitsu when playing his route- anything to make him interesting and less one dimensional), and I... really don't know what to say about Soshi. I certainly liked him best, but I don't know what to say about him, aside from the feeling that most of the effort was put into making him the most appealing option despite being your stepbrother.Much as it pains me to admit it, I can't really recommend it. It's fun, it's pretty, the voices are a delight to listen to, but I've played free otome that have more substance to them even without voices. So while I think I enjoyed the game, I do not recommend it unless it's on sale for 75% off or so."
76561198131340987,Recommended,505090,31993541,Posted: 27 May,all,Ambnesia,"I thought for sure Soshi would be my favorite route - how can you resist his voice actor and the uniform? However, I have to say Kei made this game worthwhile.  Yes, the petite dude who often acted like a kid won me over with so many adorable moments.  I would describe him as my personal kryptonite, the kuudere/tsundere type, whose cute-ness/insecurity speedily melts hearts despite his brat like behavior during the first five minutes.I personally enjoyed Toki’s route more than Soshi’s, which ultimately leads to me saying that 3 out of the 5 routes has something substantial to offer.  Thankfully, all the characters were decent guys who weren’t hungry to lecherously harass the MC at a moment’s notice, but it’s easy to say a minimum of two routes weren’t very memorable.The biggest negative issue of this game is the MC.  It’s really annoying how she goes with the motions and accepts whatever situation is thrown at her without a second thought.  Too bad there isn’t a stronger/more relatable lead protagonist.  Thus, I can only recommend to fellow otome fans to buy this game while it’s on sale.  Don’t pass on this title, since it has it’s shining moments, but wait for that discount."
76561198074286822,Recommended,505090,31388859,Posted: 27 April,all,Kira ☆,"[Full Review Here][Complete Walkthrough]STORYLINE 2/5Pros:* Interesting premise.* Overarching storyline of political unrest and a corrupt empire.* Improved translations in comparison to previous Dogenzaka Lab titles.* Light and cute read that is enjoyable for a relaxing game experience.Cons:* Writing and execution heavily suffers due to it originally being a mobile port.* Prologue is extremely abrupt and short, and you're immediately thrown into the main storyline.* Sentences are short and condensed to fit into text boxes normally seen a small mobile screen.*  If you're looking for a detailed and immersive storyline likeNightshade (another April release)then this isn't the game for you.CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT 3/5Recommended Play Order: Yoshimine Kei → Koichiro Sera → Tanba Toki → Togawa Kagemitsu → Amazaki Soshi. Soshi must be played last due to spoilers and storyline flow, otherwise the story loses its impact and doesn't make much sense.Pros:* Plenty of cute and fluffy character moments* Yoshimine Kei's route was unexpectedly really cute, and definitely my favourite from the game.* Soshi's route tied up all the missing elements within all the other stories, and explained the overarching storyline.Cons:* Character routes are fairly repetitive as they all follow the same linear sequence of events, that eventually leads to the endings with each bachelor.* All the character routes were used as a build up for Soshi's story, and as a result were lacking in terms of individual storyline.* Character personalities were very inconsistent for some of the routes.* Despite how similar and connected the stories were to one another, the bachelors made little to no appearances in the other character routes.* This was very disappointing considering the game length, and it made it difficult to develop meaningful attachments towards the characters.DESIGN 4/5Pros:* Highlight of the game.* Clean and crisp character designs, sprites were consistent with the CGs.* Lovely protagonist design* Many CGs for each bachelor, in spite of the relatively short game length.Cons:* Backgrounds were digital paintings of photographs/real life images.* Sprites looked noticeably distinct from the background, and distracted from the artwork itself.* Although common for mobile ports, it looked pixellated on the PC Screen and definitely took away from the overall impression of the game.MUSIC AND VOICE ACTING 3/5Pros:* Famous and prolific voice acting cast, with previous work on popular otome games.* Emulated their personalities well, and definitely carried the monotonous story writing.* For example:* Yoshimine Kei | VA: Masuda Toshiki | 増田 俊樹 |Taisho x Alice series as Kaguya, Marginal #4 series as Kirihara Atom, Haikyu!! as Chikara Ennoshita* Koichiro Sera | VA: Eguchi Takuya | 江口 拓也 |Taisho x Alice series as Gretel, Collar x Malice as Hoshino Kazuki, Danganronpa 3: The End of Hope’s Peak Academy as Sonosuke Izayoi* Kagemitsu Togawa | VA: Toyonaga Toshiyuki | 豊永 利行 |Marginal #4 series as Makishima Shy, Yuri!!! On Ice as Yuuri Katsuki* Tanba Toki | VA: Kakihara Tetsuya | 柿原 徹也 |Amnesia series as Shin, Code: Realize series as Viktor Frankenstein, Kenka Banchou Otome as Mirako Yuuta* Amazaki Soshi | VA: Tsuda Kenjirou | 津田 健次郎 |Yu-Gi-Oh series as Seto Kaiba, Hakuoki series as Chikage Kazama, Nightshade as Hanzo HattoriCons:* Music was an improvement from previous Dogenzaka Lab titles, but still suffers from blatant looping.* Incorporated very little tracks, and became repetitive by the end of the first playthrough.* Hindered the great voice acting.SYSTEM 3/5Pros:* System design and UI is quite nice for a mobile port.* Incorporates all the basic functions such as save/load slots, CG Gallery, skip, text speed etc.* Voice lists were a nice touch.* Skip speed was surprisingly quite fast, which helped a lot in subsequent playthroughs.Cons:* The character select and prologue options are reminiscent of a mobile game, as you would purchase their individual route and lock yourself into their story.* Ease of use felt clunky overall.* Would have liked a scene recollection option for the CGs and a ‘jump’ button to skip to the next decision.CONCLUSION* Had mixed feelings about the game.* If you’re looking for a light-hearted and short read, with beautiful art and great voice acting then this is the title for you.* The overarching plot is relatively simple, with a greater focus on the cute character moments and relationship development for the bulk of the game.* It has a lot of CGs with every character, in spite of the short length.* Can overlook a lot of the shortcomings of the game, if you consider the fact that it was originally a mobile port.* Still significantly cheaper than purchasing individual mobile routes and side stories.* However, would not recommend purchasing the game unless on sale. Other games of the same price point in the steam store offer significantly more content. For example:Amnesia MemoriesNightshade&Nameless ~the one thing you must recall~.* Enjoyable game to play and a nice breather from more content-heavy and darker themed games.* If you're looking for something really worth your money in terms of content, then I would not recommend The Charming Empire.* Although it isn't without it's faults, it was definitely a huge improvement overall from previous Dogenzaka Lab games and a good sign for better releases in future.OVERALL RATING: 3/5"
,Not Recommended,505090,31759062,Posted: 14 May,all,kektor,"Whewwww.Another otome for the trash bin. This game... I wouldn't recommend buying it at this price. If its on sale, yes, go for it! But at the price it is now, no. The art is pretty, but everything else isn't that great.Keep in mind, I only played two routes, but I honestly couldn't enjoy the game.The voice acting was great! I recognized some of the voice actors and chose routes accordingly. The man who voiced Shin, from Amnesia (god, what a good otome) showed up, so I thought to play his route. I actually enjoyed his route for what it was. Tanba was a cheerful character, and rather mature. Sometimes he confused me, but I actually felt invested in him as a character!Then, I decided to play Soshi's route. I wanted to see how 1) they would ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t their way out of the MC and him being related and 2)how they would resolve the conflict, because everyone was mad at Soshi for being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ruler.So, I hopped into his route. It was very awkward, and honestly hard to stomach. I didn't understand the plot of this route, and Soshi didn't even show up often! It was mostly the MC whining about missing home, and whining about how she didn't know Soshi! Then, the writers decided to actually involve the plot.It starts with the MC trying to KILL HER BROTHER OUT OF NOWHERE and then the writers attempting to ♥♥♥♥♥ily explain it, and I could NOT understand why even after. As the route continued, I almost quit the game. There was no hope for a happy end. Hell, the MC tries to stab her own brother to fix things cuz she realizes how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ he's being! Then, Soshi ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ts his way out, by saying ""OH MY ACTUALLY THE LEADER OF THE REBELLION LOL I ONLY WANTED YOU MARRIED SO U WERE SAFE XD"" and god DAMN did I get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at this!The CG's were pretty, Tanba was pretty good (didn't get the chance to play the other guys, but I don't really want to now.) The problem I have is with the main story writing, and the MC, and the fact that theres a route for your brother (but of course he's not actually your brother :))))))) ) I know that it sounds like generic complaints, ""BLAH BLAH MC IS♥♥♥♥♥♥STORY IS♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT BUY XD XD"" but honestly, I've found that when an MC is so bad, its horrid to play! And the story was GOD AWFUL. Honestly, if you wanna spend thirty dollars go buy a good otome, buy this when its on sale."
,Recommended,505090,31245159,Posted: 19 April,all,lennevalkyrie,"Bought this on a whim and for what its worth its decent the story is finefor being originally a mobage don't expect something like Nightshade thoughbecause you'll probably be disappointed.The art and voice acting is nice, there are plenty of CG I've only done Seras route as of nowbtw he's really cute so as an otome it gets the OK sign from me, since I haven'tdone all route I can't warn you if there's there's any weirdoesbut I think most of them are decent? except the brother maybe...Honestly the voice acting really make everything a little better and the translation was decentexcept for ''charactor select'' but there's an issue right now with this gamenot saving my settings permanently and making files on my pc everytime I do so.As for length it depends on your reading speed, some chapter felt a little longer than othersbut that may have been because I was enjoying myself?I hope this game sells enough so that in the future Dogenzaka Lab can bringmore otome games from different developers with voice acting to steam. :)"
,Not Recommended,505090,31662032,Posted: 10 May,all,Zhen,The story is rushed and all over the place and the translation is a bit awkward :(.  Sometimes you won't understand what is going on unless you use a specific play order and play another character before hand.
,Not Recommended,505090,31352009,Posted: 24 April,all,Junebug,"The Disturbing EmpireI was excited for this because I was fresh off of playing Hanzo's route (Nightshade) for the umpteenth time and was ready for some more slow burn, healthy love. I watched the trailer and saw beautiful men, terrific voice acting, some nice art—even a character that gave off someNightshade-Hanzo vibes and another man with ombre black hair and a silky bass tone to match (the work of Kenjiro Tsuda who also plays Hanzo). All of this was shattered when I decided to play the latter character's route first (Soshi) and it turned out he's the MC's older brother. He's not related by blood but the fact that she looks at him as a sibling would, constantly reminds the reader that he's her brother, andstillwants to romance him is creepy in and of itself (so yeah, incest warning).Everything culminated down to me sending this game back for a refund. I haven't played very long so you can take my opinions with a grain of salt. Even reading the spoilers in positive reviews and watching videos of what I ""missed out on""—from the way the MC is treated, to the watered down characters, and the lackluster plot—have only reaffirmed my decision. The content they're offering isn't worth full price. I've read free visual novels with no voice acting that featured better storytelling within 5 minutes than half an hour of this. What little trust I had left with Dogenzaka Lab to publish good content has dwindled with every recycled VN that got pushed out by them.Back to Hanzo for me.2/10"
,Recommended,505090,32236263,Posted: 7 June,all,angelpsyche,"The story started interesting but there are times the story starts jumping all over the place or become too much of a drag. I've only done two routes so far. Still it's a nice read.Anyways, the art/CGs are beautiful and the VAs done a great job. But story wise, its not too great. Still recommend this if its on sale. Nice read to pass the time and all."
,Recommended,505090,31294909,Posted: 22 April,all,ジューイ,"An Otome game which I wish would have been great, but sadly falls short. It feels rushed.It’s by no means bad though. The overall story ties in nice together the more routes you progress through, and once you have completed every route – you suddenly have an overview of everything that the heroine has done while being at the palace. It makes 5 small stories into 1 big story.Also… this game is short. However it’s still at the same-ish length as other Dogenzaka lab games (although it was developed by OperaHouse Cor.).Recommended route order (The story won’t feel skipped or awkwardly sudden if you follow this order):Koichiro Sera > (Kei Yoshimine*) > Toki Tanba > Kagemitsu Togawa > Soshi/Soji Amazaki(*Kei can be seen as a standalone, and doesn't interact much with the other characters)Pros:+Beautiful art style and CGs.+Good voice acting.*cough* Especially Tetsuya Kakihara and Kenjiro Tsuda *cough*+Different short stories to each character.+Achievements.Cons:-Very short and sudden prologue (you’ll know what I mean when you first play it).-Somewhat rushed story/not fully explained scenes that either: suddenly jump to a new ‘episode’ or you can feel that there is simply something more missing to fully enjoy the current ‘episode’ you’re on.-English translation/grammar can sometimes be a little bad; you can easily notice this when you compare it to the Japanese voice acting and the English written in the text not being true to the original.Also,onlyduring Toki’s route, Soshi is for some reason called high prince instead of emperor like he is called in every other route. I can only assume that this is an editor miss, because it was never explained why he was called a high prince in the first place, especially since he’s already ruling the country.-Awful settings/menu (this is already reported to a developer in a community thread).~A little expensive compared to other short Otome games – but I understand that this is due to the voice acting."
,Not Recommended,505090,34986456,Posted: 15 September,all,skmccord,"I feel bad but this is not worth full price.I'm sorry. The art is so awesome you might get it just for that. It is really lovely. The voice acting is very good.....The actual story itself is so rushed and yet slow to progress it is infuriating. I stopped playing before finishing the last route and I have never done that before. I just hit a wall thinking, ""if the story is going to be like this and the MC is going to keep being inconsistent and dense... do I even care to see the end?..."" I know that sounds awful but the story is either painfully predictable or completely unexpected (in a bad way that is confusing). There are moments (almost always the beautiful art) that made me keep going but then it would just get annoying again...You have to play in a sort of order or things will be revealed in certain routes. The MC is painfully self depricating and clumsy and anxious and sad and pitiable that I don't want to be her and don't see why the guys like her. Oh i almost fell and he caught me like 4 different times... I ran to his room because there was a storm... I cry in every other scene...I need to be saved... I faint from surprise... I run into plot devices like it's my job haha so clumsy... -_-... Having all of those traits and then coming out with insightful or shockingly mature revelations out of absolutely no where is unrealistic and annoying and just to further the plot obviously because she just goes right back to her sad, emotional, pitiful, anxious, clumsy, childish self."
,Recommended,505090,32146810,Posted: 3 June,all,demonic_innocents,This game was cute and sweet. I recommend this game if you want a short game where you complete a route ever hour or so.
,Not Recommended,505090,34651874,Posted: 31 August,all,Arisa,"Nice voice acting, art, and CG. The story was boring at times, the MC is like the other MCs, but surprisingly I liked most of the guys in this game. This is definitely a game to get when it's on sale.My favourite character and route is definitely Soshi, my poor baby deserves better ;_;"
,Recommended,505090,31245274,Posted: 19 April,all,Kayluhh08,"I recommend it, Im not sure what others are doing but Im currently at 6hrs and I've completed 2 routes, I mean oviously i didnt sit at my screen with out any breaks for 6hrs but im not sure if I could complete the whole game in 8hrs if i was truely listening to the voices and enjoying the art and story. its a steep price, the discount helped convince me to take the plunge but to be honest I kinda like how easy it is to know if you selected the right answer, i just save each time before hand and if i guessed wrong i reload it."
76561198041810417,Not Recommended,505090,31356206,Posted: 25 April,all,Katana,"---I hate the protagonist from this otome game more than I hated any other protagonist from any other otome game I have played thus far. The main problem is that she is a completely immature bimbo. It would have been fine if she was a five-year-old princess maneuvering her way through a political system of this world, but then they added the romance element with characters much more mature than her. I cannot see how or why any of these characters fall in “love” with her on that kind of level because she IS like a CHILD.---One thing this game has going for it is the fact that each route is different from the others, which together, paints a bigger picture of the overall story. Each route rarely overarches the other. Unfortunately, individually each story is subpar and even IF you play all the routes to get that bigger picture, it does not, in my opinion, make up for the individual story routes. Individually, each story seems rushed and incomplete and the romance, which is the forefront of its focus, unrealistic and forced.---I am starting to get annoyed at the continuing theme of how girls/woman need to be aware of man and that they are dangerous. It was funny when I first saw this technique, at first, but it always end up with the girls being those stupid bimbo’s. I think this happens when the whole story makes the romance the forefront instead of a side plot beside the bigger problem. The subplot in Charming Empire is the fact the citizens are disgruntled over the government which always takes a back seat to the romance. As a result, the writing is mediocre. Most otome games, unfortunately, are rift with mediocre writing with only a few being acceptable or good. FYI this was one thing I liked about nightshade because the focus was on the political, escape theme and the romance second. When you buy otome games, you often are pretty much paying for the art.---speaking of art, the art is good and there really is nothing more to say about it, except the protagonist. I am sorry, but they even made her look extremely young to me, but if she was just a five-year-old maneuvering her way through the political system (without the romance) than I would be fine with her.---Interesting discovery. While I was playing, I found that one voice sounded familiar to me, but from where? So, I looked it up and low and behold! Tanba’s voice is the same voice that played Shin from amnesia memories! All those years playing the piano finally paid off in differentiating the differences in pitch and tone! Yay! It was really strange to see the voice that played such a tsundere character play a happier go lucky one with a slight touch of yandere overtones....I just knew it when Shin said he wished he was a bit more like Toma that he had some kind of hidden fetish. As Tanba,he kidnaps the protagonist and locks her up in a warehouse storeroom.Damn you Toma! You corrupted Shin! Haha jokes aside. His style of clothing has improved at least and he doesn’t call you an idiot all the time though he probably should. I hate this protagonist.---I played two routes and decided to request a refund. I really did not care for it. It was extremely juvenile. I would have liked to give a full review and if Steam decides not to refund me I suppose I will bear with it and write more later but I hope not. I rather not own this game."
,Recommended,505090,31249111,Posted: 19 April,all,Washu_Takahashi,"In terms of otome, the game is pretty solid. The plots are pretty unique depending on which character you go after, seeing as you don't even meet/interact with most characters in routes other than their own. A bit sluggish and nothing super exciting, but worth a playthrough for your type(s) of choice."
,Not Recommended,505090,33418574,Posted: 9 July,all,Nuni,"TL;DR - Ein weiteres unterdurchschnittliches Smartphone Otome Game.Neben dem guten Voice Acting (beliebte/bekannte japanische Seiyuus versuessen das ganze) gibt nur sehr wenig positives an auch diesem Game von den Entwicklern.CGs/Zeichnungen sind ganz gut - jedoch nicht ueberragend. Waehrend dem Spielen wiederholt sich die Musik staendig und das ganze wirkt sehr eintoenig bzw. nervraubend. Weshalb ich persoelich auch nach nur kurzer Zeit, die Musik komplett abgeschalten hatte um das Game etwas spielbarer zu machen.Story ist - wie zu erwarten- unterdurchschnittlich und vollgestopft mit Cliches. Was bei vielen Otome Games /VNs zwar der Fall ist - dennoch raubt die schlechte Erzaehlungsweise/der schlechte Schreibstil hier die letzten Nerven.Steam bietet leider nur wenig Otome Games an, weshalb das Game bei Neueinsteigern vielleicht punkten kann, aber nicht bei jemandem, der bereits zahlreiche Visual Novels und Otome Games von bessere Qualitaet gespielt hat. Auch gibt es wesentlich bessere und v.a Spiele mit besserem Preis/Leistungs Verhaeltnis - auch auf Steam.Also Finger weg lassen."
76561198246650296,Recommended,505090,33587544,Posted: 16 July,all,oynaka,I really love Soshi's rout!!!
,Recommended,505090,31326948,Posted: 23 April,all,Lady Veronica,Great
,Not Recommended,505090,31235386,Posted: 19 April,all,Chicken king,Now as a heterosexual male this game from what i played is decent but it seems expensive the prologue was 5 mins then playing a full route like 1 hour 30 mins i could've somehow picked the shortest route but honestly i don't really expect the others to be much longer and i should say this i love visual novels play lots of them and for this much money i got it 20% off its not worth it i would expect like $10 or $15 but you can get longer ones for less its got 5 routes so you do the math if you want and decide but anywayIts got good art and i like the music at parts but sometimes when the music stops then starts playing a different track it suddenly plays the one that just stopped again so that a bit annoying story wise its alright and thats it i'm doneyour brother goes straight lelouch (code geass) in the story tho you'll see what i mean if you play it
,Recommended,505090,31542244,Posted: 4 May,all,Schervonne,"The game was fun for me. I haven't finish it all but I'm on my way.The arts is great and it's smooth.Each characters have their own traits and stories.Voiced, which just automatically give this game an extra point.The translations are okay for me.I would recommend this for otome games enthusiast."
