user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198061600381,Recommended,505460,34046836,Posted: 5 August,all,Redmacinton,"some people called me crazy for farming scraps for hours, in one of our Scrap yards. But they did not expect, to keep gettin tons of supplies. Every time they saw me still mining the scrap, they try to tell me to stop mining, but i always said we can never get enough of scrap.after of hours of mining, and more scraps to the logistic. Then suddenly some from the logistic squad, told me to follow them in one of they trucks. They showed me what they have build from the scraps, that i have delivered to them. They showed me a base full of foxe holes, Pilboxes, and many more. They said to me, ''because of you we could make this outpost, because of you we could keep pushing the enemies, with out worrying about supplies''they told tales about me in the front, about a crazy guy in the scrap yard. They called it the Reds Scrap yard, while they even added a order that shows where it was, it was not much but soon most of my team knew who i was. They keep visiting, me Commending. I told them not do it, i just did this to help our team, one of them said in chat. ''Not all heroes wear capes'' But i said to him, ''not all heroes are sane'' because i mined in that spot for almost 8 hours."
76561197966526680,Recommended,505460,33880029,Posted: 29 July,all,Saracen26,"As a gamer, I rather dislike MMOs. They're usually massive time-sinks where you have to rely on grinding your way through tasks for your own personal benefit. If you don't put in the time, then you suffer from being left behind or make little to no personal progress. Foxhole is different. Even if you spend just an hour or 2 in game, you can contribute to the greater good for the entire team. Just that small amount of time can make a huge impact, and help change the course of a battle.This was very true in my case. Before I purchased the game, I was watching a streamer on Twitch play the game for many hours. The team was struggling to make a breakthrough into a town and the side was getting pretty darn frustrated. Resources were not coming in fast enough to the outpost and everything was at a stalemate.This was my calling! I had to do something to improve the situation. So I told the Streamer (who I'd been engaging with in Twitch chat for those hours) I was purchasing the game and coming to join him. So that is exactly what I did.I arrive in game, and as I'd seen from the Stream, the place was chaos. A tank squad were screaming for tank shells. The resources were coming in, but no-one was assembling these shells for use.. I knew what I had to do... So I started assembling shell, after shell, after shell whilst the tank squad were out fighting with what they personally could gather to prevent the enemy pushing us back... Upon their next return they were shocked to find over 40 shells and a tonne of fuel I had personally assembled waiting for them. They commended me for my efforts and were quickly back on the frontline.After half an hour of arriving on the server, our side had made a breakthrough. The key to breaking the stalemate was the Tank Squad who had the resources to finally smash through the town, destroy defenses and allow the team's infantry to clear out the enemy. The tank squad and the whole side attributed this monumental victory in the war to my efforts. I was quickly given commendation after commendation which poured in from the higher ranked players on the server.I was suddenly a celebrity! Everywhere I went as I continued to collect supplies for shells, dropping weapons and ammo to the frontline was met with ""Hey Saracen"", ""Fantastic job Saracen!""... followed by ""Hey you're Saracen, you're the same guy from Twitch chat?! I saw what you done dude, awesome work!""10/10 - Would Stream Snipe the opposition to help a Streamer, and change the course of the war again!"
,Recommended,505460,34041656,Posted: 5 August,all,Hercules ✡,"My first experience on Foxhole:I met with some dudes i didn't know that came on a tankThey told me to get inside it and that they let me be the tank gunnerI was very happyWe came to the frontlines, and together pushed pretty farIt was the enemy's last base but they gathered us and destroyed our tanks engine, my tank comrades left the tankthey instantly diesome folk that was near the tank screamed, real warriors never leave their tank, they die with itI was left sitting in my tank as my army was falling back and the enemy pushing the line, the enemies didn't destroy my tankthey left it therewith time (10 minutes) my army pushed back to my position, a guy came and said: ""It's okay buddy, we came to rescue you""they fixed my tank, i quickly switched to the driver position and drove the ♥♥♥♥ away.Was the scariest experience in my life10/10"
76561198071582594,Recommended,505460,33941508,Posted: 31 July,all,NuclearMedic,"I can't find any griefers. For some reason, all I keep finding and cooperative and helpful people."
,Recommended,505460,33917810,Posted: 30 July,all,pat,"We were surrounded in the weathering halls, hordes of enemies around us, rifles with no ammo, Howitzer shells with no howitzers, we were finished. The war was lost. Then, someone started playing the accordion, a dreary tune but it helped the troops nonetheless, after hearing the accordion run off into the distance, about 20 men followed, some of us were gunned down immediately, but the accordion player was not. He was crouched under a sand bag, the fallen all around him, the wounded crying for help, Seargents barking orders, yet he stayed on his tune. He kept playing under intense fire and gathered another wave, we took the town back, but the price was heavy. Even heavier however, was the tune of that accordion that so many died to follow..."
,Recommended,505460,34063486,Posted: 6 August,all,Rewdalf,"""Hey, do you need any help carrying that metal to the vehicle depot?""Actually helps and doesn't steal anything.""Could I borrow your truck for a second?""Promptly returns it after finishing a supply run.""Could you spare some fuel?""Guy shares a stack of fuel without hesitation....What is going on in the world of multiplayer gaming?"
76561198128403351,Recommended,505460,33975567,Posted: 2 August,all,Cheesecake.bsg,"We had about 20 or so guys of ours trying to push the enemy at Crow's Nest. Pretty much everyone was dying and our foxholes were getting obliterated. Just when we thought we would get killed, a massive tank crew and reinforcements of about 10 more guys showed up to give us support. Everyone that was about to run away turned back and charged in with the tank and its crew as its gunner blasted the USSR Anthem.We took the city.10/10 would become a commie again"
76561198063240013,Recommended,505460,33939442,Posted: 31 July,all,Atlas Siidim,A medic stood in the way of an enemy and took bullets in order for me to not get killed as soon as I got back up. All so we could push back the Colonial scum invading our borders.He was a Hero.
76561197998120437,Recommended,505460,34062205,Posted: 6 August,all,Kabob,"The End Times are here!PvP players and PvE players working together to accomplish a goal.After purchasing and binge playing for close to 24 hours on my 2nd go around, this seems to be the most stand out difference from other games.PvP player: ""Where's the front?""PvE player: ""How can I help?""Regardless of your playstyle, both combat and logistics are required to succeed. Being a PvE player myself didn't mean I never saw combat.... Delivering needed supplies to the front IS a dangerous endevor as a few pistol shots can disable a supply truck, forcing you out into 'the thick of it'.Lucky for me the PvP players were close enough to hear combat and rushed - not to save me, but to continue the bloodlust! Fine by me, as I couldn't have been in better hands.As I said, 'the end times are here', and I couldn't be happier.Edit: At age 58 I was pleased to have a competent age 16 show me the ropes allowing me to be more effective in my duties. As for MMO status, this game does include that same feeling of 'ownership' but in a different way. Instead of the player character being the 'star', it's the map! All you do is reflected in the maps status so once a war is won, it's a bit like a server reset."
,Recommended,505460,33920649,Posted: 30 July,all,Golbat,"I hope you're ready for hours of guys saying ""can u plz taek me 2 front"" only to then die right after arriving at the frontline.Very realistic war game."
76561198394033772,Recommended,505460,34829487,Posted: 8 September,all,Camyl,"This game is built around the people.I joined a 3 man logistics truck that just drives around in their trucks picking up scrap and delivering bmats to FOBs. We became friends talking about memes and how one of them lives in Denmark. As we delivered a shippment the FOB comes under attack and we lose our truck. In the heat of the battle, us logi guys with a whole squad of normal soldiers pick up a rifle and chase the attackers into the forest. Firefight after firefight we pushed on but each time losing one from the logi group.Firefight 1""We are clear. Is everyone ok?""""We lost Sampson.""&quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;Firefight 2""Max is down! I need a medic!""""WE DONT HAVE A TRAUMA KIT!""Firefight 3""Hit those foxholes men.""""Come on Noodle lets go""Noodle gets cut down in the assaultI'm the only one left from my original squad and as we approach the outskirts of the enemy town we are hit with an ambush. I give the order for a mass retreat and just as I gave the order I get hit and begin bleeding out. A Private with first aid runs to help but I yell at him to run.""RUN BOY RUN I WILL COVER YOU THATS AN ORDER""He runs and I stay firing away into the night. I died like the rest of my squad, fighting."
76561198010726558,Recommended,505460,34188566,Posted: 12 August,all,Felkuro,"My first day in this game was just like usual:  Grab supplies, go to front, kill a few, die, Repeat.I didnt think of the logistics teams in the back giving me and my team all those supplies.I logged off thinking:  Next day i shall provide for my team!I logged back in the next day.First thing i did was grab a sledge make a truck and started farming scrap. i started building defenses nea the front or near important supplies.  Thats what i did for 14 hours straight.little did i know that the town i worked on became a near impossible to capture fortress due to all the defenses i setup. it held for another 2 days *real time* before the enemy destroyed it with tanks.After this my path in the game was clear.I am a builder. a logistics person.  I build at the frontline and at the rear to support and keep you frontline meat as safe as possible.It is what i enjoy doing.I will tell you all he following if you want to play or are playing. This is a game of pure Teamwork. You cannot win without it.This game relies fully on its players to provide for everything. From weapons/ammo to building, every single person is useful wether you are on the front or in the back.  Its a great game with a nice bit of depth."
,Recommended,505460,33971172,Posted: 2 August,all,Raynooor,What Running with Rifles should have been.
,Recommended,505460,33877910,Posted: 29 July,all,JDM,"I go afk in my truck, come back, 2 hostiles are next to me, I try to drive off, they shoot the engine, I get out and hide behind the front of the truck, both of them on the other side. I say 'Are we gonna do this the easy way or the hard way"". In a british accent, one of them says ""Looks like the hard way buddy"". 2 rifle shots wiz by my ear, i get hit once, one of em pushes the other side, he wiffs his shot, 3 pistol shots to the back and hes dead. BOOM! The truck just blew up, im hiding behind a wall, blood spilling everywhere. No bandages, i peak the corner, ready to fire. BANG. The second man goes down. Its over,   i won. I crouch down by the wall, still bleeding out. ""They should of chose the easy way."" I slump over and join the corpses around me."
76561198002674594,Recommended,505460,34088870,Posted: 7 August,all,FatRabbit,"We were embattled in Solas Gateway, trapped between the iron walls that we built back when there was still hope of winning the war. The engineers were busy repairing the fortifications and setting up foxholes. The supply trucks had stopped coming. Command said it was too dangerous to make the trek.A sergeant showed up. He called over every man with a rifle and at least one magazine. He said we were going out to hit the enemy on their left flank. We all knew it was doomed. The enemy had pillboxes and foxholes all along that flank. But our engineers needed time. Command needed time. We had to hold them back.I volunteered for that squad. Eight of us went out into the snowy wilderness. Three made it back. But we bought the engineers the time they needed to shore up the walls. Five brave soldiers gave their lives just so we could hold that little speck of land against the onslaught.I am the FatRabbit, and I am not a hero. But I served in a company of heroes."
,Recommended,505460,34062082,Posted: 6 August,all,Charcoal,"Normal day in Foxhole:>At HQ.>Asks if anyone needs assistance.>Sergeant says they're attacking an enemy Townshall to the East.>Joins Sergeant's squad and moves out to the east.>HQ at A1, Enemy Townshall at E1.>Sergeant states former recon confirms Townshall is weakly defended south of it.>Attacks Townshall from south.>Enemy is taken by surprise and we have few casualties while they have many.>Blows up tunnel connection paralyzing enemy foxholes.>Secured a perimeter around now broken Townshall.>Sergeant calls HQ to report succes of attack and request Construction Vehicle at Townshall.>Construction vehicle gets stuck outside Townshall behind a westside wall still defended by enemy outside Townshall.>Runs west with Sergeant.>Blows up westside wall.>Kills many enemies in the flank.>Secures Consruction Vehicle and escorts it to the Townshall.>New friendly Townshall is build by Construction Vehicle.>Sergeant states ""Mission complete"".>Gets commended and promoted.>Feels good mang."
,Recommended,505460,34322675,Posted: 18 August,all,Finnishsniper96,"Most of these reviews are talking about how fun Foxhole is to grind, or what it's pros and cons are, but I have a real story that will hopefully convince you this game isn't like any grinding-pvp game you've seen before. Here we go.WHY THIS GAME IS GREATHOW TO PLAY:1. PREPARE FOR WAR2. FIND WAR3. BECOME ALONE BESIDE FENCE4. ENEMY COMES ON OTHER SIDE OF FENCE5. TRY TO BLOW HIM UP6. BECOME FRIENDS AS YOU ONLY BLOW UP FENCE7. SHOW HIM TO YOUR TEAM8. TRY TO GO WITH HIM TO HIS TEAM BUT BOTH DIE IN EACHOTHERS ARMS9. REPEAT WITH SOMEOTHER UNPREDICTABLE FUN SCENARIOSTORYTIMEI bought this game maybe three or so nights ago. I thought that it looked like a great idea, and wanted to try it out. So I bought it (secretly scoffing at the price because I'm a cheap little bugger) and quickly installed it. Not knowing what to look for in a server, I joined one very late in the game. This was a bad idea because I had no idea what to do and most of the map was void of life. So, being impatient, I got bored of doing nothing, and logged off.The second time I played, I thought it was necessary to give it another try to justify buying it. Still not quite understanding the game, I chose another random server. I got lucky. It was fairly early in the game and I was able too work with some very busy resource gatherers. This taught be the basics of the production side of the game.By the time I was in my third play session, I finally tried the strategy and combat portion of the game. Me and a handful of other sodiers marched behind enemy lines and started to wreck havoc from the top of a mountaintop onto the unsuspecting enemies below. We were able to hold the enemy off for quite a while before finally we were thwarted by the enemies as they surrounded the mountain. For the next few days, I stuck to this kind of playstyle, and it was fun and all, but it wasn't anything super special.Then there was today. Something special happened today.In all multiplayer strategy games, there's a line you have to ride between having fun and being productive. As I've seen in the last few hours, you can easily do both in Foxhole.I joined the game after a nice meal at a nice restaurant, and decided to go straight to the front line (after doing a little bit of munitions production). When I got there we were defending finishing off the remaining enemies in a small town on the bank of a river. It just so happened that up to thrity of us attackers ended up together on the nothern (enemy) side of town. Unknown to many of us at the time, further North was a friendly stronghold that had been fending itself off from attackers for an astonishing amount of time with little to no backup. So when we came up the road and met them, the happiness felt by both forces was similar to the part of Return of the King when the riders finally show up at that huge castle under siege. After getting aquainted, we, now larger than ever, snuck east towards another enemy city. A huge battle started as the oppsing forces met. Every corner or foxhole could hold someone that could kill you in an instant. At somepoint in the battle our ""drummer boy"" was stading next to me with his microphone playing war tunes, when rifle fire came from the other side of the wall we were standing by. Because of all the surrouning chaos, I wasn't thinking straight, and tried to chuck and HE grenade over the wall into the window. It hit the wall and the drummer boy and I went flying!After I respawned, I resupplied and headed back to the front. There I found a fence (that you can't shoot through btw. Suddenly, from the other side of the fence, came an enemy soldier. For a few minutes, being unable to fight, we talked about how this was like The Boy in the Striped Pajamas and quickly became friends. Trying to be sneaky, I pulled out an HE grenade and triedto chuck it over the fence. It just blew the fence up.My new unarmed friend decided to come with me to my teams positions, and no hard feelings were felt. My friends all took him in nicely, until one dude ""accidentaly"" kill him. When he came back, be decided to try to sneak to his side. It became full bromance. We tried to march around the battle, thinking that I would be safe to go to their HQ if we didn't scare any front line soldiers. It didn't work out. An enemy foxhole rifleman shot us both until we bled. We were dying, so my new friend gave me one last hug (punch) which finished me off. We never saw eachother again.After this I know I can recommend this game. I understand it. This shows how, although it may seem boring at first, this game has the perfect balance between productivity and a having fun doing whatever you want.So that's my story of just merely 10 hours of gameplay.I ask you now, reader, if just over 10 hours can give me this experience, what can hundreds of hours in Foxhole do for you?"
,Recommended,505460,33833975,Posted: 27 July,all,[NNF] ATGolden,"As a Pre-Alpha tester i can say that this game should be worth your time if you're interested in such a playstyle!Foxhole is an mmo with hundreds and thousands of players fighting each other in long lasting wars with lots of different equipment and strategy.Hopefully this review will help see if this game is for you!With this being said here are some Pros:1. It's a great game to play with friend or with clans since it requires massive ammounts of teamwork which makes it lots of fun!2. It has tons of different guns and vehicles to try out, so you can pick whichever favors your playstyle the most which wont make you underpowered!3. You can build custom bases or fortify towns which can make your creative side spark and make the enemy suffer while trying to take them down!4. You can destroy any structure in the game, making the player have full control over what gets to be built and what gets to be blown up!5. It has a lot of different maps which require different strategies and (as of now) a glorious event called the World Conquest where all of the maps are combined into one huge battlefield!6. During the war you can feel that the game is progressing by all of the new vehicles / weapons / defenses your team unlocks which sets up for new ways of fighting / defending!7. The tanks make the battle more ""on the move"" rather than the two factions bombing each other while one finally gives up making it one of the more important units to focus on destroying!8. If you like being sneaky, this game requires a lot of supply transport so ambushing one would cause the enemy to break down and panic in chaos, making supply lines one of the most important objectives to defend!9. If you like roleplaying, then foxhole can do a good job making you helpful efficient even when doing so!10. There are no microtransactions(as of now) Cons:1. Gathering materials is quite timewasting and if you're on logistics it's one of the more boring but necessary parts of supplying the frontline.2. The ""mountains"" / rocky terrain make it hard for the players on the ground to shoot up at the enemy.3. Spamming defenses grinds the game to a halt, making wars last from a few days to a few weeks.4. If you don't have a bit of your time to waste, then playing this game for a few minutes wont be worth it since most wars last long periods of time.With this being said most of the cons are being worked on so i'd say this game has a bright future! Tons of potential and tons of fun. It's one of the best games when it comes to teamwork!For it's price, it's not a bad game to try out!"
,Recommended,505460,33914293,Posted: 30 July,all,ietso,"The matches (Whole wars) in this game can last days. It really feels like you are a part of it. This is no war game like any other.When you spawn you don't get to pick your loadout like in most games. You need to access a storage and take whatever you need from there. These storages are completely filled (Besides some basic start of a match items) by other players. There's people gathering raw materials which they then load onto trucks, after which the trucks gets driven to a refinery where they turn it into refined metal. This again gets loaded onto trucks and brought to a factory that makes stuff, where it gets turned into said stuff (Weapons, ammo, medical supplies and other gear). This then gets brought to friendly storages. Often around the frontlines, where the soldiers who are fighting there need a lot of resources.Simply by performing a few actions of this cycle you actually feel useful to the war. The scrap you collected a while ago might now be taking over an enemy camp in the form of a gun, or even a tank.The combat in this game is a team effort as well. On your own you don't stand a chance, you might be able to scout a bit but you can't take on a group of enemies. There goes a lot of strategy and planning into successful operations or defenses. With the resources that get collected you're also able to build a lot of structures. Obviously there's foxholes, but also things like sandbags, walls and other defenses and objects to keep your territory protected. It's great to see how with your contribution a whole town gets fortified.The community has been really great so far, a lot of people willing to teach new players, or who take you along if you're playing alone and don't know what to do. There's the occasional troll teamkilling or stealing your vehicle/resources but the community as a whole is largely supportive, and those people get either restricted or kicked real fast.The gameplay of this game is what you make of it. There's no role system. You just do whatever you choose to do. It's great to create your own story and experience this way. I've met some really fun people already. I am still new to this game while I'm writing this, but I'm looking forward to spending many more hours in this.Can't wait to see what else it's gonna bring (Both in game experiences and updates since it's early access)"
,Recommended,505460,33943626,Posted: 1 August,all,Dandelion,"EDIT: I'm so glad that this game has become so popular, it's on the top 100 steam games! Check the stats on the store! I don't mean to be self promoting... but I honestly don't care about the views xD I just can't bother to type out everything, especially the review below.This game... how do I describe it? Planetside 2 had sex with company of heroes and this is their child.Now the problem with this game is that it's easy to be boring. Finding a server that has a good front is hard, and it's even more difficult to get anywhere because there are tons of AI turrets. Right now, the game plays more of like a tower defense in its current state.Full review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZI4udtUFzqk--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------My first experience in the game... I'm running out of spawn with a pistol, and I meet up with a squad who starts teaching me how to play. The Sarge of the squad starts rallying up everyone and begins an expidition towards the bridge, where we've stopped the enemy dead in their tracks. He teaches me how to get scrap, and how to make building materials, so we're all put to work as we farm for defenses.We move up to the front, and there's a man standing behind an AT turret, and he's yelling at us.""This is how you deal with a tank! This is how you deal with a tank. I need more AT builders. I need more- ♥♥♥♥! A TANK!!""Immediately, the position blows up, sending the man flying, and my Sarge and half the squad are mowed down in front of me. Everyone is yelling, blood is everywhere, bullets flying, explosions all around...( This is the exact cliphttps://clips.twitch.tv/ExquisiteCrypticRavenPrimeMe)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Next, we were on a bridge for hours and hours. Our forces were spread thin, and our supply lines weren't getting as much ammo to us as we needed. It became harder and harder to fight back. I'm made a heavy machine gunner by my squad leader, and I move up to the bridge with an HMG. In the night time, bullets fly across the shimmering water, and explosions light up the sky. People are screaming in fear, pain, and agony. People are barking orders, they're screaming for medics, and they're warning other people of grenades and artillery strikes. Nowhere is safe, and it's chaos, and it's hell.I set up my gun on the bridge and unload into the enemy forces over on the other end of the broken bridge. Next to me, there is a man writhing in pain on the ground clutching at his chest, caked in his own blood that he was choking on as he called for a medic. He screamed in agony, not prepared to die, but it was all drowned out by the sound of my machine gun fire. A medic comes in to save the day, and begins to tend to his wounds, but a grenade lands right next to us. It goes off, instantly killing the medic and the wounded man on the ground, and seriously injuring me, throwing me back several yards.As bullets fly over me, I call for a medic, my life flashing before my eyes as my comrades are slain right in front of me. My squad leader personally comes in for me, and begins to help me up... my sinuses open up as a bullet travels through my skull, hitting the back of my helmet, killing me instantly. I fall into my leader's arms, dead.(Clip herehttps://clips.twitch.tv/TastyOpenWalrusFutureMan)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It was snowing at night, we could barely see the enemy as they were at our doorstep. We had very little weapons, using ammo conservatively... and most of our troops used pistols. Our last halftrack went in with us in a desperate attempt at a push... the entire squad was lost to a suicide bomber that went in with nothing but an HE grenade to take down the halftrack.One of my comrades picks up an HMG and set it up next to a sandbag. He started mowing down some enemies, quickly running out of ammo and yelling the whole time. Over the chaos, mortar shells landed around us. One of my comrades on the east side of the barricade goes flying in the air, the man next to him goes down on the ground, choking on his blood as he bleeds to death. All I could hear was him screaming ""MOMMY... MOMMY. I'M SORRY MOMMY... I'M SORRY.""People were begging for mercy, people were crying for their parents, but the enemy kept pushing.They sent their tanks through, and their infantry lobbed gas grenades over our makeshift barricades.As my comrades and I choked on the gas, the few officers who could afford gas masks watched us slowly die a painful death.I respawn at the town hall, shells falling all around us, our morale decreasing. I see a man, covered in blood, come out of the smoke that was caused by a mortar shell landing next to a group of people. He walked out slowly... clearly in shell shock. He spoke hesitently... he asked ""Where am I?"". Some of our medics tried to calm him down. One man says ""♥♥♥♥ this, I'm going to see my family."" He leaves, several other soldiers flee the area. The inspirational speeches by our officers give a few people the motivation to stay and fight. We stay by our HQ and defend it to the last man.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I am a medic, running towards the front lines. The enemy is at their last base, and all of our units are pushing up, but they meet us halfway in the middle of an open field. People shout to alarm their squads, and the battle begins. Flashes of light lit of the darkness as SMG's, MG's and rifles fired away. Gas bombs, grenades, and sticky bombs were all thrown in such a short amount of time.I run through the smoke to go save someone, and I notice I'm now behind enemy lines. As the enemies turn their attention towards me, I tell the guy I'm working on ""I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do"" and I leave him. He calls my name as I run away, but the enemies run up to him and silence him... forever...They notice I have no weapons and start to toy around with me, shooting everywhere making me ""dance"" as I ran away. One guy puts away his gun and charges me yelling ""FIGHT ME! FIGHT ME!""I turn around, ""OH YEAH?!"" and I punch him in the face, he goes down immediately. I turn around and jump into the bushes as the enemies spray it down with MG fire, hoping they'd hit me in the process. I stealthed my way out of there and lived to tell the tale.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------We were holding out all night at this bridge, our morale decreasing as our comrades lost land throughout the rest of the map. Soon, the enemy had increased their technology, and we heard the sound of vehicles begin to cross the bridge... a man took out his binoculars and said he spotted two tanks and a halftrack moving through. In a panic, and only armed with rifles, everyone began to get into position. Behind us, a few men ran back to the FOB and closed the gate. I shouted over to them...""WHATEVER YOU HEAR.... DO NOT OPEN THIS GATE. YOU HEAR ME?! NO MATTER WHAT YOU HEAR!""The people on the other side of the gate heard our screams as we tried to hold them off.... but it was no use...--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Video of us repairing the wall and retaking our territory:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYD8m_3FKioVideo of us blowing the bridge to save our skins:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcxLJMxlfNMThis game is beautiful. I want to keep adding to this review to share my epic experiences."
76561198018061993,Recommended,505460,34151741,Posted: 10 August,all,unholyclam,"My experience so far in foxhole-Went to destroy the 2nd to last enemy base in my halftrack.-Ran over countless enemy soldiers as they tried to flee my mighty 10hp engine.-Just as we take the enemys town, a enemy soldier jumps out of a bush into the passenger side of my unlocked halftrack.-Can't kill enemy, so we name him Billy and drive him around our base and him a tour.-Billy stays in the halftrack the entire rest of the game, and we make him an honorary member of our team.10/10 would pick Billy up again."
76561198061586399,Recommended,505460,33923455,Posted: 31 July,all,SpandexBandit,"Yeah, granted only a few days old, I can't pretend I've played this game too deeply, but at this point, the game is the hella bomb.Frustrating as hell at times, as you're dropped on a team with a whole bunch of strangers who often show very questionable strategies.  At times you'll be running with a couple of guys who understand basic cover tactics and carry medkits.  You'll dig into a small barricade and more down wave after wave of pugs, making quick sprints into no man's land to pick up ammo from your dead enemies, to use on your soon to be dead enemies.  You and your couple of friends will feel invincible.Then, your buddies will log off and you'll go find a new group to run with.  A crowd of 20-30 guys will be on your front line, heroicly charging into battle, getting gunned down by the single NPC-manned bunker on the enemy's side.  When you arrive with your medkit, you'll be swarmed by wounded soldiers, thanking you.  You'll spend 5 or 10 minutes running around the field healing newly wounded players and now with your powers of vitality, your team will begin to make ground.  As you move through the sea of loot laying on the ground, you'll see your team scrambling for weapons and ammo.  Cool - the war must go on!  Although, you'll soon realise none of them are picking up medkits.  You start picking them up, dropping them at the feet of other players, with a friendly ""hey guys!  Carry these.  We need to stay alive!"".The battle goes on and a small group of your allies charge into the field running and gunning.  They all fall, and while you're attempting to revive them, you're caught in the crossfire.  Not to worry.  You're alive and you managed to save these 4 other guys.  Surely they'll be able to patch you up.  Nope.  No medkits.No worries.  A quick sprint to the back line will get it done.  ""Oh, sorry.  We're not medics"".  ""Yeah, cool..  but there's a medkit on the ground next to you.  Can you pick it up and heal me?""...  Turns out, you're the only person on your 30 person team who carries a medkit.  You bleed out, then by the time you get back to the front line, these dip♥♥♥♥♥, without you healing them, all died and lost every bit of ground your took together.Tldr;  if you have a group of friends to play with and you're not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, this game will be amazing.  If not, it will be a mind-numbingly frustrated♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥P.s.  this game has no classes.  ""I'm not a medic"" isn't a good excuse for not having a medkit.  Everybody can carry and use a medkit and if you don't have a medkit, every single shot one of your teammates takes is a death on your team.  Carry a ♥♥♥♥ing medkit."
,Not Recommended,505460,34211213,Posted: 13 August,all,Äärmik,"I really wanted to like this game and had quite a few enjoyable moments, but more often than not I ended my game sessions annoyed at the game. The idea is great, a complete warscape from gathering, transporting, manufacturing, building to fight handled directly by players. There's plenty of content, but sadly the implementation is poor and could use a lot of balancing and quality of life changes.Let me give you some examples of areas where the game could be improved:Spawning into a map, you'll start at the HQ of your chosen faction, however since the map might've been active for quite a while before you joined, the frontlines will be quite far from the HQ. You have essentially three choices: walk to the front(might take 5-10min of holding down W), hope that someone gives you a lift with their truck to the front(however the wait might be longer than it would take to walk there), go to the vehicle factory and build a truck with the sole purpose of going to the front(like evident by the masses of trucks just sitting empty at the front). While it's possible to logout and resume where you logged out, chances are most of the time you'll be repeating this dilemma over and over again. Why not just let player spawn in whatever base they wish? This is incredibly annoying and a boring waste of time.Locking of trucks. Everyone who build a truck, thinks of that truck as 'theirs'. You can lock a truck or any other vehicle by pressing L while in it or next to it and only you can unlock it then. Any locked truck can only be accessed after being unlocked, including the person who locked it. You can also lock an infinite amount of vehicles(and yes there are trolls who do it just to mess with other players). It is possible to unlock a vehicle by using a wrench, but you have to have some rank before you can do it. The result? People that go offline, lock their trucks before doing so, thus there are a massive amount of locked trucks scattered around the map on nearly every server. It’s a persistent cooperative game, yet people decide to deny their teammates access to vehicles the team could use and they no longer need, because its 'theirs'! Its gets even worse with construction vehicles needed to build outposts, bases and factories, locked together with large amounts of resources that the team might critically need. Don't even get me started on the squad locks! On top of this the locks aren't even really effective against griefers and actual truck thieves.Massive defensive focus in the game. The screenshots are nothing what the battles are actually like in the game. It’s a complete spam of defensive building(essentially tower defense turrets) and the fighting is mostly about blowing them up and trying to build new ones. Killing other players will do nothing for winning a map. Its horribly grindy and the combat mechanics themselves aren't very satisfying either, since where the game show bullets hitting is different from where the server says they hit for example.Trolling and griefing in the game isn't that big of an issue in the game, at least not more so that other online games. The game generally manages that fairly well, but the issue tends to be more that it doesn't really let people cooperate effectively. You can't see the position of your teammates on the map, so you don't know how one or another front is doing. You can't effectively post orders for logistics players to fill, the chat isn't constantly read and scrolls over quickly plus some players don't give proper orders(where and what they want, yelling 'we need resources' isn't useful). The system for rewarding and punishing other players is hidden in a menu that a lot of players don't look at all that much. Plus, its tedious to do and not really possible while you're doing something else, like fighting off an enemy assault. The game also doesn't really inform other players if you manage to do something good for the team, so it's hard to even notice player for commendation. The end result being that you might work your rear off for the team, but not recive anything in thanks unless you beg for it. In general, the tools for cooperation are lacking and messy.There are other, smaller issues here and there. Its possible that things improve while the game is in early access, but as it is now, it tends to be more of a reminder of what could be rather than what is."
,Recommended,505460,33952374,Posted: 1 August,all,M. Wilke,"This game is a a beast!Been running supplies to our FOB last night with a buddy of mine.Okay, someone did steal my truck (but i got it back later) - My team was psyched when the supplies where dropped off and we were able to push those last few meters with the grenades i made and supplied the frontline with.Sadly i did get killed by a grenade.. most likely one that i made......10/10 would die on the bridge again <3"
,Recommended,505460,34073514,Posted: 6 August,all,Vecilea,"What can I say about foxhole?First things first, I love this game. I've spent almost two days of time on it over the course of five days. It has something for any kind of player.Are you awful at FPS games but still want to help those on the front lines? Well combat engineering is for you!Are you looking for calm and relaxing gameplay? Play as a logistics officer!Are you looking for pure action and carnage? Play as a front line soldier!Are you looking for covert operations? Join a special operation team as they venture behind enemy lines!Are you a strategist and are poor at combat? Act as a field commander, devise strategies and help your team win!Over all I have no major issues. The random bug can make you mad from time to time, the team killlng with cars gets sort of annoying but I only had an issue with dying to cars early on, this is something you can learn to avoid rather fast.Most of the people on this game are actually rather nice, most are willing to help you with what you're doing. You may get the rare griefer that steals your car or kills you for no reason but those people are quickly kicked from any server and or banned.A feature I believe most players over look is the scope of the game, I live in the U.S.A, so I expect to see americans in my servers most of the time, but a large portion of the player base from what i've seen, live in countries like the U.K, Germany, Austria, etc. So even when you get off to go to bed, or go to work, any reason really. The server never really dies down. People will be always fighting and pushing the war effort.I already had an amazing moment on this game. We were on a server, Charlie 4 to be exact, and the map came to a stand still for a long time, we were starting to loose. We had one major front that was in constant hell while dealing with skirmishes in the middle and southern section of the map. I was watching over Hopes Causeway for the colonials we were having a large scale howitzer fight with the enemy at Calaghans boot. Our supplies were low and most of my squad left to help with the major assualt at Tarsals Pathway. Me and a few men stayed at our outpost and waited for a long time untill the shelling stopped. It seemed the enemy has left the area, they had no more interest in our spot. Their mistake. Under the cover of darkness and in secercy we rebuilt the bridge and started a large scale assault, taking over the town in a few short hours. We held onto it, it was late, I had been on for 16 hours straight, I told my squad about my depature, gave them my gear and wished them the best of luck. The next morning when I got on, we had conquered most of the map. I spoke to a few higher ranks and asked them what happened and they said after we stole Calaghans boot we made a blitzkrieg to the enemies outposts and towns and took them one by one.My late night decistion to push into a town at night, with only five men and handgrenades. Managed to turn the tide of a war, stealing the upper hand away from the Wardens.This also couldn't have been done without a few special Logistic's officer that kept out starving outpost afloat with bare bones munitions. This ofcourse wasn't their fault. Our side was lacking everything all over."
,Recommended,505460,33855303,Posted: 28 July,all,parrk,"So far it's pretty good, a different gaming experience. The graphics are great, moba/topdown styled view which limits you and it makes for great in combat, hard to see the enemy. This is a game you will play for a while, this is not a pop on for a couple rounds kind of thing, the best is when you stay in a server for a few hours and really get into it. Fighting is only part of this game as the support is needed thru resupply, crafting, transportation of troops etc.Best part of the game was the random yet orchestrated attacks that I have been apart of. One minute I'm being dropped off with a few others near a contested town, we move in and find others, slowly the squad grew and we advanced on the enemy and took them out.Game performance is ok, I had some stuttering issues and I don't think their vsync is working but the graphics are great and the game definitely runs well with minor lag."
,Recommended,505460,34211659,Posted: 13 August,all,Zombie,"Was not expecting this.This game as a perfect balance between mass multiplayer, logistics and combat. It gives you a almost realistic gaming experience of a War in a fiction world that looks like WW2. And this game did something most games can't it has the feeling your really in a war. When you see your brothers in armes fall around you, it's hard not to cowardly hide behind a wall and just look.You can choose what your going to play depending on where you are needed or want to do. As in a Medic, rifleman, Grenadier, Heavy weapons, Mortar, Logistics that bring materials to build weapons and ammo so that the front uses it. Or a Builder where you take the materials given by the Logistics soldiers to set up defences in strategic location.This game as so much to offer in a Early Acess.>Got in the Game>Told some new soldiers if they wanted to serve their country>They agreed since I was a Seargent>Created a squad of a few good men. Around 8>Scouts said enemy Base to the east was weak.>Took my squad over there.>Without any casaulties made it inside the base.>Enemies came from the North.>We were outmatched.>Saw all my men die one by one yellingtheir last words.>A Mortar Team Fired on the enemy. To provide cover.>I was the sole Survivor.>Got on my radio and state Mission was a sucess.>Went back to HQ and gathers some men for a new mission.-For the moment the devs are still doing constant updates to the game which is good. If this changes I will update it."
,Recommended,505460,33918086,Posted: 30 July,all,SaltySkramz,"We were riding a truck to a bridge half a klick away from our FOB, it was day 30 and we were losing the war, we were getting desperate. We started pulling the crippled and the kids into the fight, dressing them up like soldiers, dressing them to die, this wasn't their war, this wasn't suppose to be their grave. I was leading a squad of 13 men into battle, 13 families depending on me to bring their son's home...13 is an unlucky number. ""This is your stop ♥♥♥♥♥♥s huhuhuhu"" said the driver as both trucks disembarked and made our way across the bridge. We made our way slowly across to their side of the river, the land was glossed over with black craters where artillery shells met their mark and dust carefully tip toed around the abandoned trucks and halftracks which once brought men like ourselves to the frontline, Sgt BooBooMeat always called them ""coffins on wheels"" I don't think he was far off. The second we let our guard down we were ambushed by a pillbox which housed a machinegunner and riflemen supporting the flanks. My men where in confusion and fear as they scrambled for whatever cover they could find. There was no reinforcements coming that day, no artillary, no tanks, we were on our own..it was then that I gave the order that would change these men forever.I told them to charge at the pillbox while screaming ""URRRAA"" over mic so they enemy would freak out and leave, they mowed us all down but we died like heroes. Can't win them all."
,Recommended,505460,34346633,Posted: 19 August,all,peremptor,"If you ever thought it would be fun to be that one guy at the right time that could turn the tide of a war... look no further, this is what you want, need and maybe even crave."
76561198160622473,Recommended,505460,33940028,Posted: 31 July,all,Dwarf404,Pros:-Very immersive-Fun Gameplay loop-Varied Playstyles-Good Combat-Good Online PlayCons:-Team balance starts going south if one team is losing.-Wars can take days to finish.
76561198112477034,Recommended,505460,33874771,Posted: 29 July,all,Strictly Vex | csgogem.com,"At first, I was shyed away by the top down shooter aspect of the game, as I have really never played a top down shooter before. However, when I launched the game for the first time and joined a server, I had the time of my life. Extremely interesting and unique concept that you can really only find from kickstarter games/indie games because the large companies never seem to go towards the road ""less traveled.""The Devs did an amazing job at making this game overall enjoyable, and by adding the whole logicistics side of things. You can literally do WHATEVER you want.You want to be a bloody infantryman on the front lines? Crawling through bushes as rounds fly over your head, and you hear the explosions of grenades, and your friends blowing up by your side. You approach the enemy machinegun position, as you sit in a bush only meters away. You hear them talking, and all of a sudden, you scream into your mic, ""BANZAI"" and pop up shooting them, filling their faces with lead.You want to be a commando? Sneaking behind the enemy lines, sitting along the road, waiting for enemy supply trucks, troop transports, etc... Picking off troops one by one behind the enemy lines and run off into the shadows, not to be seen again until you pull the trigger once more.You want to be Medic? You witness a infantryman get shot behind a sand bag, you crawl over to his lifeless body and pull out your first aid kit, beginning to do your work to restore him to full health, and get back into combat.Combat not your thing?You want to be a troop transport? Go town to town picking up men ready for a fight and bring them to the front lines.You want to be a manufacturer, supporting the troops on the front line? Every single weapon, every single round, every tank, truck, and artillery piece was handcrafted by another player somewhere else in the map at some point. A soldier without his rifle is no soldier.There is ENDLESS possibilities, unique gameplay, and extremely fun atmosphere.Overall 10/10, I totally recommend this to anyone and everyone, as there is something for everyone to enjoy."
,Recommended,505460,33846259,Posted: 27 July,all,Officer Thaddeus,"Ran into a town with a entire platoon of troops. Huge firefight insues. Losing men left and right. I hear someone yell ""Fallback!"" Only 2 of us make it out alive. Both screaming and crying at the major loss. Get ambushed a minute later. 10/10 would lose an entire platoon again"
76561198078393821,Recommended,505460,34043355,Posted: 5 August,all,emem238,"Pros :- Unique Combat system- Awsome team work experiences- Supply Lines- Unique roles-Amazing Graphics- Balanced teams-60vs60- Realistic local Voice chat- Terrian affects the combat you do-Real world problems (Like battling in a town with 5 tanks and they realize that they didn't Rearm and run out of ammo)-Worth the Price-Ranking system + kicking (ex: Player who has team killed and is voted to be kicked will have a no weapon penalty for 20 mins)-Developers who listen and constantly update the gameCon :- Long Waiting queue for campiain- Cursor not aiming at soldier when next to a wall- Few people Who earr8pe in battles- Some servers Logistics ""Protest"" Because they don't want to be running supplies even though they don't have to (They literally block the streets with barbwire blueprints to prevent supplies)-Spies-Way to Ruin the game using exploits (ex. Server for 140 ppl, only 25 warden and 70 colonials)People join the winning team and dont help the other. Its all about who gets the first strike (vice versa) (With a 60+ waiting queue)Overall I've put 44 hours in this game in 4 days. These battles Take WEEKS to complete. A little tip if your buying remember what server your on , your not gonna wanna abandon the people who know you :P. Its such an amazing game. I had alot of amazing moments in this game. I HIGHLY recommend this game."
,Recommended,505460,34385246,Posted: 20 August,all,Baron Hornraven of Heronsburgh,"It had only been a few days since the battle started.  From what I had gathered from some veterans, we held half the map the day before.Not anymore.They had pushed us back to the Key.  Our men in the north near Crumbling Pass had managed to stall the enemy advance there, but all was in vain unless we kept the key.  Our last supply depot was loacted there, and unless we kept it operational, the war was over.Originally, I was a scrapyard worker back at our hometown.  I gathered scrap, I put it into a factory, and I waited for a Logi to arrive.  Simple life.  I decided eventualy that I should try some frontlines combat.I would regret that.When I arrived in the Key, news had just reached there that the enemy was advancing.  We had less than 5 minutes to prepare.I spent the next 30 repairing, building, and upgrading every fox hole and pillbow I could find.  Our men we're dieing to allow the combat engineers time to build.  It was a glourious sight.  When I logged off, the enemy assault had been repulsed, and for once, there was hope amongst the ranks."
76561198262634461,Recommended,505460,34797954,Posted: 7 September,all,SaffySparkles,"First 10 Minutes:I got in a truck with a stranger to farm some scrap, a bunch of other dudes came along and jumped in as well and next thing I know our truck is part of a 3-truck convoy all filled to the brim with soldiers as Flight of the Valkyries played us out and I'm suddenly in the frontlines standing in a firing-line with only an empty pistol.I died. Rinse, repeat. *Gets promoted to Private*The Following HourI unknowingly started a one-man attack on an enemy town with an accidental grenade throw (the one time I got a grenade) that escalated into an all out frontline war when people came running. Oops. *Gets promoted to Lance Corporal*2nd Day of Play:I logged in, asked where I could help and got handed a truck. I spent 6 hours straight delivering weapon and med crates to several towns and FOBs.Someone asked for more bodies to fight in the frontlines so I grab a first-aid kit and a rifle and do a few ding-dong-ditches with grenades and hide behind the frontline meat-shields who continuously get shot while I stick tampons into their bullet wounds as a brave soldier bolstered our assault with Epic Sax Guy to destroy the hopes and dreams of the enemy and our eardrums.Rinse, repeat. *Gets promoted to Corporal*3rd Day of PlayI logged in and several people immediately recognised me and asked if I could help out somewhere. No other information provided other than ""Get a bunch of grenades"". I hitch a ride with a stranger and next thing I know we're getting blown up and blowing other stuff up too.For the next few hours, I once again ended up fighting in the frontlines shoving tampons into bullet wounds as we pushed our way towards the bridge; taking the bridge and then consequently getting murdered repeatedly by ONE GUY's kamikaze bare-fist attacks and the foxholes and pillboxes on the side of the bridge.Eventually the continuous pushing along the bridge and into the enemy town put a strain in our FOB's resources so I fell back and commandeered a truck and started driving around several towns and scrap yards to supply shirts, med crates, weapon crates and ammo and delivering them back to this little FOB that went so far.And that kids is how my truck got stuck in a ditch and I gave up and logged off. *Gets promoted to Sergeant*The End."
76561197971200127,Recommended,505460,33915257,Posted: 30 July,all,Awesome!,This is what I thought Heroes and Generals was supposed to be.
,Recommended,505460,34981884,Posted: 15 September,all,[NNF] Drunken Master,"Best game i ever played honestly, if you enjoy either, strategy, gunplay(rifle,smg,pistols,carbine,HMG,artillery,mortars, Grenade launcher,shotgun, medkits, bandage,trauma kit and grenades;HE, Frags, gas and smoke) Tanks, gathering, logistics, building, teamplay, squadplay, leadership(if you're good at it.) This game has a need/job for you.Quickly said it could be described has an RTS but every soldiers is a player. At the time of this review i got 86hours after 6 days since i bought the game.And a good notice is 0 crash, NOT BAD FOR AN ALPHA!!!I play the role no one wants (QM) hes the one willing to sit at base and work is♥♥♥♥♥off non stop to coordinates the logistics and manage resources to turn into equipements/supplies and redirect it to the fronts on the battlefield. I don't like being on the winning side unless its a faire match so i switch side after the war got won and i manage to have the next war last 70+hours with the help of other great players on the battlefield. That means play,sleep,work,play,sleep,work then play, and eventually lost. but the feeling of having this war last 3 days non stop just BLOW MY MIND.the game before i did QM for the first time, the game was 70vs70 and i replaced the old QM because he offered me the position, so i told myself lets try that! during 7 hours i was busyx10 of what i could manage to do. Unloading trucks,refining the materials, producing the items that people need on the battlefield, plan technology upgrades for factories and direct proper supplies to where it was needed all that while you read chat to see who need whats. The lvl systems in this game gives you nothing extra. You gain experience from doing stuff like healing soldiers,killing enemies,gathering. and rank, ranks are given from players that earned commendation points through the same tasks that gaining experience require.And what kept me going during those 7 hours is the commendations that kept coming in and how thankful front soldiers where from the job i was doing.At the end we won some great players manage to assemble and get together a fleet of Half Tracks(basically tanks but with machine guns) for the final push. it was the greatest game i had in my life and i been an hardcore gamer for 13 years now.BUY THIS GAME!!!"
76561198039739981,Recommended,505460,34571372,Posted: 29 August,all,Dak Ralter,Drove a truck back and forth for 5 hours and had a time of my life.Pros:Drive truck.Cons:No snowspeeders.
76561197964037836,Recommended,505460,34241189,Posted: 14 August,all,Lykataus,"Let me start out by saying that this is not a WW2 shooter or RTS combat game. This is a RTS Simulation MMO. What I mean is you will not enjoy this game if you are expecting to hop in and get 30 kills in the first 10 minutes every time you play.Now that is out of the way, let me talk about the great things going for this game. It is completely up to you how you choose to play this game.SoldierIf you want to try and get 30 kills in the first 10 minutes, you can. Grab a rifle and ammo out of the town hall and try to hitch a ride from someone with a truck to the front lines. Nobody driving to the front lines? Build or acquire a vehicle and make your way there yourself. Get in a halftrack gunner seat and lay waste to the enemy charge. Grab some grenades and blast your way through walls or enemy defenses. sit in an artillery gun or grab a mortar to lob some artillery shells at the enemy from a distance. The combat roles are endless!EngineerGrab a wrench and/or a hammer and get out to the front to repair buildings and vehicles. You can build turret defenses, walls, or even other buildings. Turn an artillery stricken house into a garrison so your teammates have some cover. The engineers help support the machines used in battle and also setup the bases that troops take cover in.LogisticsAll the outposts and front line troops need weapons and equipment, so somebody has to built it! If you choose a logistical role, you can be the one building vehicles, ammo, or other various equipment for use on the battlefield. If crafting isnt your thing, you can gather scrap and materials out in the world and truck it back to the manufacturing buildings for the quartermasters that need material to build equipment. Don't like gathering scrap? Grab a truck and deliver equipment or troops to the front lines or FOBs.MedicDon't like killing people? Grab a med kit and trauma kit and head to the front lines. Group up with a combat unit and bandage them when they are injured, or revive them when they are down.ScoutGrab some binoculars, a radio and a rifle and venture out behind enemy lines to try and sabotage a supply line or steal some of their supplies. Plant some mines on their roads to ambush enemy troops. Hide in some bushes and hop to to kill some unsuspecting enemy logi's.These are just some of the roles that I have tried out while playing the game in the first 5 hours of play. I am sure that there are plenty of other things to do if you have the will to do them."
,Recommended,505460,33848115,Posted: 27 July,all,[FCL] Jakefox84,"Steam didnt do us Pre-Alpha Tester Due Justice. I have logged over 60 hours in the game, and believe I can speak to the game prety Well.Pros:1) Optimized. Even when this game was in Pre-Alpha, never had issues with Frame Rate or Server Lag.2) Content. This game has a lot of content, it may not seem like it at first. But give it more than an hour or two and you will discover there is a lot more to it than what it first showes.3) Clans and Commuinty. This game has one of the best commuinties in the world. For the most part we are drama free and are very respectable. You can join a clan, and take part in Foxhole Poltics (Be sure to say Hi to me!), where you can see everyone trying to get other clans to orginze together. Really great stuff.4) Guns. Guns.Cons:1) Alpha game is Alpha. So there are bugs, but the Devs are very good at removing them in good time.2) Neutrals (this is a running Joke in the commmuinty)Comments:  The game has a huge learning curve and if you need help getting a handle on the game the Mod Teams has collected a number of Tutorials for you all to enjoy (Some by yours truly).If you need help, the whole commuinty is here to help you! Dont be afriad to ask.(Link to the Tutorials:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLcKZmSFKV6R0v_SK7xHUzCqwUtDreBMP3)"
,Recommended,505460,34132230,Posted: 9 August,all,Cillit Bang,"Foxhole is an extremely enjoyable game.It gives you one objective: fight a war.But not only do you fight this war, you organize it; you supply it; you plan it, and, if you're ready and able to give orders, you even command it.My current experiences with this game are very different. I went from starting a supply line to a vehicle factory, to leading a mechanized assault on an enemy position with the same trucks I helped create that afternoon.Or, I teamed up with 11 random guys and started to assault an enemy position. Unfortunarely we got trapped and got pushed back into some mountains. We held our position for a good 35 minutes before reinforcements arrived.It sounds like it is straight out of a WW2 action movie, and it sure does feel like it. There is so much more to do in this game than just run at the enemy guns blazing. To give some pro's and cons :+ (almost) Everyone plays this game like its supposed to be played. They're helpful and are willing to team up and actually achieve something. You get to know the more active players, and can execute more dangerous but also more succesful mission together.+ If you're not a fan of the logistics and planning aspect of the war, you can jump straight into combat at any given moment. Just make sure you don't suicide charge and waste your equipment. (You'll upset a lot of other players)+ Every role that you can imagine when you think of WW2, can be played. From being a normal rifleman, to being a radio-operator, to being an artilleryman; sniper; mortar-team; officer; tank-crew; driver; etc.+ Voice chat gives you the option to interact with other players, and often causes an 12 year old Russian to scream in his mic, which often gets him teamkilled.- Global combat is a bit slow. Pushing through enemy lines can be tough early on in the war. Some defenses are a tad too overpowered.Over all: Definetly worth the 20 euros. Addictive game that never gets repetative."
76561198120274775,Recommended,505460,33844813,Posted: 27 July,all,KaminoClone,"People were taking this game more seriously than they do in arma, and i love it. In my 3 hour run i had many great RP experiences. Mostly everyone had a mic and was talking. People are always forming squads and carrying out missions to either capture territory or get supplies to build defences.  The servers can hold 100+ people and it wasnt hard to find a full one. No tutorial but a 10year old can figue it out in 10 mins, and you can always ask in voice chat (everyone else does).The best part of this game is that everyone has an unassigned roll to play, some people are acting as basic infantry to carry out orders, people act as captains and leaders to rally everyone and make plans, some people just drive transport trucks to and from battles and towns, and some people constantly make supplies to distribute to towns. and some people build defences. theres more thna 1 way to contribute and thats what makes this game stand out. This is a great game and I hope it only gets better."
,Recommended,505460,33833266,Posted: 27 July,all,tacoburger [MM],i've played this game for some amount of hours before in the pre-alpha and i gotta' say it has the most potential out of any mmo i've played in the past yearsedit: i'll give a better review when the game comes out and every feature is set in stone
,Recommended,505460,33941256,Posted: 31 July,all,[MEDIC] Bomjus,"imagine battlefield 1 but half the players are behind the lines carrying ammo, fuel, grenades, first aid supplies, materials, and making vehicles.and then make it a top down shooter and boom  you have foxhole.the defensive structures of the game feel like company of heroes 2. super fun time. hard to play with friends tho since the game doesn't really reward logistics players for riding around in the same truck. as for combat tho you can grab a 4 man squad gear up and tear♥♥♥♥♥♥up. all around a great experience either as a gatherer or a combatant.great game so far can't wait to see how it develops."
,Recommended,505460,34428669,Posted: 22 August,all,1A-56 | Andrew M,My first moments in this game is what won me over. I spawn in with NO CLUE how to play even though once you get the hang of it the controls are straightforward. It brought me back to the days of being a recruit in the military with zero idea as to where to go or what to do. As I am figuring out the controls and stumbling around I hear a.voice that asks me if I know what to Do. I of course reply no.. So this Corporal takes me under his wing and shows me how to help build basic defenses. So I accompany this kind spirit in helping to fortify what I can only assume is our main AO (area of ops). As I am getting the hang of building and contributing out of no where a recon squad attempts to probe our defenses. I thoroughly♥♥♥♥♥♥myself and attempt to hide in a make shift bunker we build as bullets and grenades explode around me. At this point in figuring I'm going to did so I return fire with my pistol. At that moment a friendly squad rolls up in a truck and saves my♥♥♥♥♥ Unfortunately my corporal didn't make it.
,Recommended,505460,33933594,Posted: 31 July,all,♞ K1ller Ch1ck3n 1337 ⍰,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME...I've warned you, do not buy this game. Unless you have no job, and are not looking for one. This game will ♥♥♥♥ you right up if you have a social life.Its basically company of heroes. But instead of commanding an army, you only command your self. You walk with WASD and can shoot. But its not really a shooter, its more a tactical teamplay game. If you ever played the RTS company of heroes then you know you cannot simply run into an MG nest.The basic of the game is teamplay, some people need to go get the resources. The raw resources have to be brought to the factory, then weapons and other items can be made wich also have to be transferred to the diffrent front lines you got going. This all has to be done by transport trucks driven by real players. The enemy could intercept those trucks.Example of gameplay:  I walked into one of our frontline towns, at the townhall there were 2 guys , 3 sandsbugs and a broken truck no one had the keys to. We stand our ground for 1 solid hour befor backup arrived with building materials. During this hour we got enemy fire and return fire.After 3 hours of gameplay, we turned this 3 guys, 3 sandsbags and the broken truck into:  Fortified walls, Turrets, Bunkers,  Factorys, 25+ people, Hospital and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of guns. We did a succesfull counter attack and pushed back the enemy enemy lines. We then flanked one of the near by towns wich were fighting for hours already and we succeed freeing our second frontline foxtrot.This game is really nice when you meet the right people, i've only met a handfull of trolls so far."
,Recommended,505460,33934058,Posted: 31 July,all,Jorns,Accidentally Run Over Teammates Simulator10/10
,Recommended,505460,34191621,Posted: 12 August,all,.-.,"The game is great when people are working togetherbut its not fun when nobody is, the game needs a tutorial"
76561198262886400,Recommended,505460,33837134,Posted: 27 July,all,{FOX}Dr.Pepper,"Played hundreds of hours of the demoTo keep it short and sweetLiterally no other game like it. Devs work their♥♥♥♥♥off, communicate with the community via discord and twitch regularly and work hard to figure out the best possible mechanics.This game is immersive and really makes you feel like you're really in a new world. I never thought that would be possible with a top down game until I played this.This is  a real time strategy war game except all the tiny vehicles (tanks,field guns, APCs, bikes, howitzers) can be controlled by everyone, and together everyone's effort shapes the war.Only downside that it's never ending so if you play too much, you can burn yourself out so like all good things, moderate your time playing.This game is a must buy."
,Recommended,505460,33957501,Posted: 1 August,all,Rickne,Outstanding massivly cooperative strategy game which can suck you in for hours. Will write more to this in due course but I needed to add a thumbs up right away.
76561198259586446,Not Recommended,505460,34446616,Posted: 23 August,all,TempesT,"Getting banned from playing the entire game for 12 hours for ""stealing"" someone else's truck, when you are new to the game... I understand some people need to be banned for things and from servers, but from the entire game you paid money to play? Outrageous and ignorant are the words I would use to describe this concept."
76561197970369926,Recommended,505460,34158924,Posted: 10 August,all,spaznaz,"Let me tell you about Foxhole. At first sight it has relatively simple mechanics, grindy crafting and trench warfare. But what it culminates to is so much more.During one session I've run logistics for hours over. Collecting raw materials from guys that dedicate hours to farming scraps and the like, driving it around the map to be refined and build guns and ammo, supplies so folks can respawn. Dropping the desperately needed stuff off at the front so people can keep fighting, keep pushing the front line further.Then some guys snuck a FOB deep into enemy territory so I joined them to take a town from right under the enemy's nose. We took the town, and held it for hours with just a dozen guys, without hope for reinforcement or supplies we just took the dead enemy's guns and ammo. It took enough of the enemy's attention for the front line to advance well forward.After being pushed out of the town eventually, the FOB remained for the rest of the game, or at least until I logged off, running disruption on enemy supplies. And I went back to running logistics. Some people were preparing to mass produce half-tracks once we hit the technology level required. I started building and stocking ammo for those along with materials and eventually, we started rolling half-tracks up to the front faster than they could be destroyed. I got to drive one up to an enemy FOB they had planted attempting to cut of our own route to the Western front. Shielding our own infantry while my gunner mowed down hostiles, we pushed through and broke down the enemy forward base.But the final, epic push of the night happened when we took 6 half-tracks, fueled and loaded with ammo, and drove them right up the Western front. Forming a terrifying firing line with grenade throwing infantry between us we came out of nowhere and pushed the front line down so far, the enemy's front effectively collapsed immediately. The crews were mostly hit by gas grenades and died, but our job was done.This is just from one session, and the game round this took place in will rage on for hours more before one side will finally declare victory. But it's a great example of what such a simple concept can achieve, if only you are willing to participate and write your own story. There will be plenty of material."
,Recommended,505460,33882195,Posted: 29 July,all,Melinko,"A game where a team becomes a hivemind to achieve a single goal.Be it base building, resupplying the frontline, fighting or collecting/stealing enemy resources.Community is quite nice and many will help new people out.Pros:-Friendly community-Fun to play despite early accessNeutral:-Early access (chance it may be abandoned or never finished)-Not many servers (But you will always find a spot*)Cons:-Teams may be very unbalanced on half empty servers (No autobalance nor restriction to join larger teams)-Game not suited for all tastes (Very few people want to do logistics or build defenses, so a team may very well lose if no logistics teams are present)I got high hopes for this game, very comparable to Running with Rifles. Cant wait to see what the devs add next!*I so far was able to always find a spot in a server, be it half empty or nearly full."
,Recommended,505460,34279811,Posted: 16 August,all,Ian L. Lee,"This is a game about fighting a war. ""OOOOH like I've never seen something like this"" you are probably saying by now. So, basically, no you have not.  There's this persistent map, one picked out of  many regions, and two faction who are fighting each other : the Wardens and the Colonials. You, as a soldier, spawn with a pistol and an hammer in your ""capital city"" or something like that. Then IT begins. The frontline needs constant supplies and men, taken cities need to be fortified, and defended, destroyed buildings need to be rebuilt, supply routes need to be secured. Weapons and ammunitions need to be crafted, stored in camions and brought to the nearest city and so on 'till they are brought to the frontline and used by you or one of your teammates against an enemy. You can do all this. There's a rank system, there are officers. You can be commended. There's arty and mortars, there are thank and at guns and rpgs, there are bunkers and pillboxes, there are massive battles on the frontile. One of the best game I've ever played. Unique in its kind."
,Recommended,505460,33833592,Posted: 27 July,all,Stattikkoman,To be honest I found this game 3 hours after I got my wisdom teeth pulled and played it for 14 hours straight.  Amazing game. Devs listen to the community and the community as a whole is really chill and nice.  If you're looking for a good game to play with friends play this one.
,Recommended,505460,33834862,Posted: 27 July,all,[PUG] lercas,"I've been playing this game since it launched on Steam in it's F2P Pre-Alpha testing phase, and I have to say since then it's shaped up to be a interesting game that is fun to play. I feel like anybody that usually plays games like RTS's, Tactical Shooters, etc will find it easy to fit into the game and enjoy it too.The game is split into two parts (to put it simply) logistics and combat. The combat in the game is a bit different from others so it could take some time to get used to, but once you get the hang of it, it's all fine and dandy. The logistical side of things is something the devs have spoken about saying that there are still some things to be fixed so it may not be perfect, but it's still something people enjoy doing.In the end the game is a Early Access game, but imo it's one of the EA game's that I've payed that feels almost like a full game already and if your fine with that and enjoy these types of games, then I highly encourage you to buy this game.Proof I'm not just some paid reviewer (a screenshot of my hours in the game before it turned into the Early Access version):http://i.imgur.com/S4EsCzZ.png"
,Recommended,505460,34375455,Posted: 20 August,all,[FIDE] Plat,"I would like to take a minute to get a joke review out here before I put in my real praise for this game.I love running over my own team with a 2 ton truck because I don't know how to drive at all.Real review:No seriously this game is fantastic. I've never seen a game with this level of teamwork, comradery, leadership. This game is an absolute must for anyone interested in MILSIM style games. The constant flow of battle requires real leaders to stand up and make detailed plans and actions with all players need to help with. Every roll counts, even if you're a lowly supply driver all the way up to the main Quarter Master. There's something in this for everyone. I got this game expecting myself to return it, as I've had bad luck with new games lately. This game took my expectations and blew them out of the water.Pros:- Great teamwork.-Fantastic Community, everyone is incredibly friendly.-Simplistic design-Plenty of things to do-Makes you feel important-Battles always go on (one I was in had lasted 31 days according to the Quarter Master and a few others)-Combat is fun and engaging-Actual construction instead of just 'hit hammer', you need to get supplies and run supply lines down to refineries.-I do not see this game joining the 'stuck in early access forever' club, the developers are fantastic.Cons-Performance can shutter, this will likely be fixed since it's early access.-Sometimes supplies can be tricky, but the players will teach you everything you need to know.-Driving is a little finicky, but again that'll likely be fixed.-Sometimes the camera is a bit odd but that's top down for you (and quite frankly I wouldn't have it any other way)."
76561198149220178,Recommended,505460,33935699,Posted: 31 July,all,(Medic) Fiendish Dr Lee,GET OFF THE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ROAD INFANTRY!10/10 TRUCK SIMULATOR
76561198080275701,Recommended,505460,33851730,Posted: 28 July,all,Trench Dog,"This game is pretty damn fun, even in its early stages. Community is overall friendly, very cooperative and I had a blast playing it. Its a bit campy in terms of defenses being really hard to crack early on, but with higher technology that can be remedied. Game is a top down shooter and objective based teamplay game, and logistics is the bread and butter of your faction's operation.Graphically, while simplistic, its pretty cool and has a unique lil style.Sound wise, they can improve it and add more voice acting as of the time of writing this review, as there is no death screams, shouts or other such cries that could heighten the grittyness and immersion of this game.Overall I recommend it, this game is very fun and I think its going good places."
76561198007393646,Recommended,505460,33906005,Posted: 30 July,all,Lambert,"In this RTS you are the worker, builder, soldier and a supply driver.One of the best EA titles out there. 10/10"
76561198053472953,Recommended,505460,33834060,Posted: 27 July,all,el duderinho,"Hello, i've played this Game for around ~100 Hours in Pre-Alpha.I can recommend it for sure.Its really fun, especially if you got 2+ Friends playing with you. When i play Solo i try to find a Squad and group with Randoms, which works out pretty well. When i play with Friends we try to make Speciallist teams, like one time we were a mortar Team, the other time we had 2 Halftracks and the next time we were Sneaking behind enemy Lines. Its just fun, go give it a try. A detailed Review will follow somewhat later."
76561198011172845,Not Recommended,505460,34070282,Posted: 6 August,all,Killer0123,"I want to like this game, I really do, but from what I've played from it, it seems a bit repetitive. Now I only have 5 hours on the game, so I don't know a lot about it but from what I've exprienced the gameplay is boiled down to this: Build walls, turtle, mine resources, tech up and then push.This isn't a bad thing, people like this and it is fun for macro level strategy but if you don't have a clan or a large group of friends to play with then you're not going to get the full exp. this game has to offer. I had a group of friends (3) and we tried to help out by doing logisitics, supplying the front lines with shirts, smokes, HE's, ammo, weapons, etc. but it was boring. The fighting was only in two areas, at choke points (bridges) and we ended up losing because the other side had more tanks.Now it was fun getting overran by the tanks and seeing all hell break loose, but the time put into it to just get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me wasn't worth it for me. It reminded me of doing actual FTXs where I would spend days rucking and sitting, prepping for the eventual climax mission where it would be exciting as hell, but the journey there was just a grind.But that gameplay is the mid to late game. What about the early game? Well tbh I love the early game, there are no walls or frontlines, so you have the ability to do raids on the enemy and steal their logi trucks and harass their miners. Which excellent, I was able to lead a squad of men down to the enemy base, watch the enemy mine resources for ten minutes and then steal their truck. That was exciting.But then I go down to lead another raid and bam, my team built a wall across the whole border with only one exit. And guess what, that turned into no mans land, where both teams spammed foxholes and walls making sure if anyone entered they were greeted with a hail of bullets. Then it turned into what I described above, mine resources, tech up, build defenses and then push. Wasn't all exciting and I'd rather do something else.Now I know some of you are going to say this game is a strategy game and if you want to shoot stuff go play COD or something, but I love strategy games, look at my list of games, HOIV, CIV, COH, etc. I like these games not only due to strategy but the randomness it offers, each match I play in HOIV could be widly different from the last. COH has RNG where it could ruin a meta strat. You have no idea how the match is going to go and that is fun.So now that I have complained about the game, how would I make it better, more exciting. Well I would add tools to be able to scale walls or have boats/dingys to be able to circumvent the waterways and do naval raids. That would be awesome, it would had the fear of constantly being harassed and would allow teams a new way to destroy defenses. (Disclaimer, this might be in the game, but I never saw it, if it is I am sorry). I would also add mountaineering tools, allow players to navigate the mountains like Hannibal did with alps, that would lead to awesome fights.These are just suggestions and I know most current players may not like this as it would change the meta of turtling, but if the game wants to spice to it and attract and keep its players, then it needs to add some kind of element where it changes the current meta of turtling up.Overall the game has great concepts, is technically competent and the community is awesome. But it needs more options of strategies instead of turtling."
76561198059906582,Recommended,505460,33973292,Posted: 2 August,all,Panzergrenadier,"Damn, I must admit. For a long time there was no game that really caught from the start off, Foxhole did it. I personally give it 10/10 Points. The somewhat WW 2 Setting plus this awsome community is just amazing. Keep your work up lads.Colonial Supply LCpl.BAKER 2"
76561198064021071,Recommended,505460,35060706,Posted: 19 September,all,Commander Stealth,"Foxhole, an innovative top to bottom militaristic sandbox game, along with massive multiplayer and an online persistent war. In this review, I will be going over what Foxhole is, what it has to offer, and identify it's strengths and weaknesses in it's current state which at the time this review was written, the version is 0.4 Alpha, the Amphibious Warfare Update.Let's get started shall we?Important information on FoxholeNow granted, you must know this going in, there is a HUGE learning curb here in Foxhole, and if you don't devote some time to reading the tutorials, checking out official videos on how to play, or communicating with your team, you are going to most likelyhateyour first experience.You will spawn in at your army's main headquarters, you will have a hammer and a pistol with a single magazine. You can gether scrap and hundreds of other materials in your backpack, but be careful as your bag gets heavy upon gathering materials, carry too much and you will become encumbered.Your objective, win the war. To win, you must capture all towns and your enemies' main headquarters, pretty simple. Upon spawning in, you can do one of two things, you can fight on the front lines, or you can take part in logistics operations. Rifles and other weapons do not grow on trees in Foxhole; they must be created through scrap, components and other various recources from the field of operation, and creating and manufacturing these weapons is quite a process.One final thing, Foxhole is not a game that can be won by yourself. If you are not coordinating with your teammates through your microphone or text, then you're not going to be assisting your team very much by wasting recources trying to kill the enemy yourself, you will easily get killed all alone. Instead, look for some teammates to tag along with, fortunately the Foxhole community is full of very good and passionate players... mostly. The player's rank is displayed in parentheses to the left of their Steam username. Corporals and Sergeants are the most common and have a good amout of experience on what to do in a squad, don't be shy to talk with your teammates; communication is key.GameplayVery fluid gameplay. It's a top to bottom shooter, taking aim will represent a line displaying the exact direction where you are aiming your weapon. There are many many different weapons in the game from rifles (which is the most common), SMGs, Carbines, Mortars, Assault rifles, Machine guns - you name it. Pro tip: you are harder to hit at a range when you are crouching or proning. Your visibility is greatly reduced at night, so you must stayon your toes when partolling at after dusk. I get this eerie feeling when slowly advancing to the enemy town with my squad, the thought strikes you - ""Are we walking into an ambush?"" ""Is there an enemy foxhole just up ahead?"" Combat can get tense.Even though there are only 7 maps, each of these maps are enourmous, and the average war can take hours and hours to end; I've never participated in a war from start to finish in a single sitting.Story of FoxholeThere is not much known about the lore of Foxhole, however there are a couple of known facts and notes found by players during the weekly wars that give an idea of what the lore is about.Foxhole has two fictional factions, the Wardens and the Colonials, fighting a 100-year war in a fictional world (It's locations and setting do not have any correlation with the real world). The makeup of the two factions geographically are unknown, but they do not represent the historical Allies and Axis, even though many players including myself enjoy to depict the Colonials as U.S. Forces and the Wardens as the Axis Forces.Issues with FoxholeMy largest gripe with Foxhole is how boring and tedious this game can be while running logistics operations, everybody who joins a war wants to grab a gun and fight, who wants to swing a hammer for an hour? And the thing is, logistics is arguably the most important role to play in this game. As I said before, weapons and ammo don't grow on trees. And many players take all these weapons and equipment for granted. Look at it this way: That Assault rifle that guy took and lost.. had taken 3 hours to produce. And yes, it can take 3 or more hours to create an assault rifle, because only logistics can muster the technology upgrades to produce said weapon,which takes a long time.Logistics needs to be less of a hassle, or simply add a mode where you can respawn with more weapons and medical supplies. I get that Foxhole is supposed to simulate real war in a way, but it would be nice to see some changes.Another issue is the reprimandation system griefers can use on any player at will as they please. If you are reprimanded, you lose an hours worth of experience points from playing the game; this happened to one of my friends, he was just about to hit the Sergeant rank and suddenly, he was ranomly reprimanded by some troll. The reprimandation system needs tweaking.The next thing is when an army starts losing the war, the players on that team begin to lose the will to fight and proceed to drop from the server, this leads to the opposing army crushing their enemy beneath their treads as the game drops to 60 VS 20.Last thing I could say that would improve Foxhole, I believe more Players vs Ememies content is needed, it would help ease more players into the action, and it would be nice to just sit back and have a good time with your friends.SummaryOverall, Foxhole is very innovative and fresh, of course, this is in 0.4 Alpha at the time this review was written, so there are many spaces for improvement.Foxhole earns my recommendation for it's diverse gameplay, and the memorable moments I had with my squad on the battlefield. I got my $20 dollars worth from Foxhole. I am currently taking a break from Foxhole for now, once I return, I am hoping Clapfoot will add or improve some of the features I have listed above. If you have any friends that are considering Foxhole, it may be worth giving it a shot.The final rating for Foxhole is a difficult one since this is an Early Access Game. But for me, the final rating for Foxhole stands at a 6/10. I hope to see a lot more from this game in the future.This is my first review for an Early Access Game, This is Commander Stealth and I will see you all on the next review.Over and out. ~Stealth"
,Recommended,505460,33905225,Posted: 30 July,all,Cake,"One of the best top down shooter I have ever played. Without the Early Access Tag I would think this is a finished game, but they will add even more content and I will look forward to it. It is a really fun game and the 18€ are a fair price for this game"
76561197964136566,Recommended,505460,33855871,Posted: 28 July,all,R@,Played with 5 friends.Made 500 boxes of machine gun ammo.Formed a MG team along with a dozen of other players.Marched to enemy town hall and razed everything with bullet rain.
,Recommended,505460,34408710,Posted: 21 August,all,Blenjamin,"The only game I've ever played where people actually work as a team and aren't selfish, it's incredible to be a part of."
,Recommended,505460,33834137,Posted: 27 July,all,nedsvart,The game is just great.I spent nearly 2400 hours in this game and it only gets better and better.10/10 sledgehammers ☺P.S. I started playing Foxhole Pre-Alpha since September 2016(check my Profile -> View All Recently Played -> Foxhole Pre-Alpha).I'm tired of explaining this...
76561197977555389,Recommended,505460,33941507,Posted: 31 July,all,ajar1189,"Great Game.Basically you are playing an army-themed RTS game, except you control one person, instead of the whole operation. Mine some scrap, build some defenses, capture a base, die, respawn and continue on.The game has alot of strategy involved, and teamwork is most often required. In-game voice comms as well as text chat is okay, and the game encourages you to join the public discord setup for the game. If this isn't a clue that effective communication and teamwork is necessary, then I don't know what is.Balance could use some work in terms of building and destroying structures, but overall game balance seems pretty good after one game played."
,Recommended,505460,33955855,Posted: 1 August,all,Manu the Medic,"One of these games where you just do this ""one more thing"" and suddenly it's 4am."
76561198019300814,Recommended,505460,34177284,Posted: 11 August,all,{FOX} eL ninho,"JESUS CHRIST I HOPE U SAW THIS AND BLESSED IT ALREADY.This game is everything that a mmo tactical game should have, wihout a team theres no win.From Logistisc to farming, building, pushing, holding up def lines.Truely love this game.BUY IT"
,Recommended,505460,34026575,Posted: 4 August,all,Ｇａｂｂ.,"They push.We push.Every once in a while, we push hard enough that the light breaks through the clouds, and the world beyond the war glimmers.- Battlefield 1 QuoteBeen playing Foxhole for a while on Able 3 Server, in the span of two days right now. And holy hell this game can get you playing for hours. The battles are hectic, one point you're pushing the enemy back into it's last objective, then for some reason you see yourself stuck in your lines and the enemy in theirs with no-mans-land in between the two lines here all hell takes place.You've got people doing logistics, engineering, in-direct artillery firing, setting up fortifications & defenses and sending soldiers to the front.Then you've got the people taking up the role as a Medic saving people's lives on the battlefield, Engineers who do the frontline fortifications such as Sandbags for the Frontline Soldiers who do all the heavy lifting, taking the fight to the enemy.There's also some roleplaying that occurs in the friendly lines and on the frontline, so that's nice. I've seen some wounded people screaming and others throwing insults at eachother as they kill eachother in brutal ways. War is hell.It may be like confusing at the start on how to get started, like gathering your weapons and such. But you'll find a lot of people who will gladly take their time to help you and get yourself equipped for the frontlines.There are some people who are toxic, well, people who flame I guess you could say, like literally nearly witnessed a massive arguement going on in my own faction (The Wardens, the only just faction in the game *Cough* totally not biased), which happened due to an arguement between Infantrymen and Tankers who the Infantry claimed the Tankers not giving support on their push on the enemy HQ. It was pretty cool though, kinda captured the feels that during in war there is always something that's causing problems for an army to succede in battle.I have yet to see people going around griefing things, WHICH is a good thing.BTW THIS GAME SOLELY RELIES ON COOPERATIOM AND TEAMWORK.Also for an Alpha game, it's pretty good. There are some bugs like voice chat kind of glitching out when you're kind of distanced away from them, the bugs aren't very game-breaking btw.The only one I've noticed is when you hold like medical supplies as a Medic, you may get stuck for some reason and the voice chat kind of glitching out SOMETIMES when you're not that close to people and your weapon not loading for some reason, Fix for that one is just un-equip and re-equip.Probably the best Persistent World WW1-2 Inspired Game out there."
76561198129332171,Recommended,505460,33907752,Posted: 30 July,all,I'm spartacus,"This game!Great game, great community - BUY IT!Also advise joining the official discord, cause in game chat isn't the best."
,Recommended,505460,33854331,Posted: 28 July,all,DrunkRussianBear,"I've been following this game since it's early combat prototype days (~July 2016) and it has come a long ways! Although some of the recent changes weren't for the better, the devs are actively working towards fixing that and imporving the game significantly. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys large scale war games."
76561198056331228,Recommended,505460,33886878,Posted: 29 July,all,Not Jermsquad,First game of Foxhole:*spawns in**12 year old teammate yelling in a russian accent**20 teammates all shot him dead*11/10 best russian diplomacy simulator
,Recommended,505460,34159334,Posted: 10 August,all,AllAboutNothin,"Transported the same 2 squads of soldiers to the front line for a solid 30 minutes. At one point we were ambushed along the route and they hopped out to defend my vehicle. 4 of them died in the fight but they knew I would be back to keep moving them to the front. For the rest of that game different squads would keep calling me to move them to different lines of the front. I love that this game makes communication and logistics so important to maintain the realism. You can't just pop into a tank with infinite ammo or find a gun and be Rambo. You need to have supplies for everything, and you can make some pals doing anything in the game. Form a logistics squad for getting supplies. Make a convoy for moving troops and supplies to the line. Or be a regular foot soldier and support your comrades with flanking moves and medical supplies. I can not wait to see what this game evolves into and will look forward to each update."
76561198041604165,Recommended,505460,33889505,Posted: 29 July,all,Drredmann,"Such a great game. I just saw it for the first time when it came into early access 2 days ago and I figure eh what the heck. My first sitting I played 10 hours straight and had a blast.As far as useful info, there are a bunch of servers with pop caps of 80-120 people. Each server is its own war (there are at least 6 maps, but I think there may be a few more than that) and they typically last about 50 (in-game) days, which I think is about 2 real days and each server lists what day of its war it is on. Im sure theres more than that but I am new to the game.The gameplay is a blast! In my first session I:1) spent some time on the front lines in a massive shootout2) did some covert work where I snuck into a poorly defended enemy base with a truck of satchel charges and blew up the town center and captured it for my team3) managed to break an enemy offensive by flanking a group of a dozen infranty accompanied by a tank, gunned down all dozen of them so that my allies on the front could push forward and destroy the stranded tank4) gathered resources and technology with a logistics squad to supply our troops with advanced weaponry5) played engineer and fortified a city with turrets, walls, barbed wire, etc.There is so much to do already and this game has so much more potential. For the current cost the game is great and I highly recommend buying it, it will only get better from here. The only negative I can think of is that there are a lot of new players right now but that is only because the game was just released, given a tiny bit of time the average player will know what they are doing."
,Recommended,505460,34691393,Posted: 2 September,all,a 37mm AT gun,"140 player massive battles, which are persistent round per round- each day is an hour long in Foxhole, meaning that you can have epic wars stretching the entire grand map over 50 or 100 days, starting as simple rifleman skirmishes and ending in grand campaigns with massive pushes of tanks, infantry, and other deadly weapons of war.There are roles for everybody:No idea what to do? Grab a rifle, travel to an outpost, muster for an assault.Bad at shooting? Get a supply truck, mine, contribute to the stream of weapons and ammo your army needs.Technically inclined? Set up a mighty fortress to deter enemy attacks along a critical supply line or flanking sector.It's top-down combat at its best, and it's already bursting with content, even in EARLY ALPHA.The devs are competent, they listen to the community, and are releasing bugfixes and new content (bayonets, anti-tank mines, etc) fairly regularly.The only downside is that your team will lose if it's disorganized, bar nothing, but the community and playerbase are excellent for the most part, mitigating this. A few bugs here and there, but for an Early Alpha product it feels more like a polished, full game already."
76561198020394483,Recommended,505460,33960945,Posted: 1 August,all,The Unity Beast,This game helped me quit ark <3
,Recommended,505460,34415574,Posted: 22 August,all,Gankdalf,"At first glance Foxhole does not look like much but it’s a really fun & addictive game once you get into it.It’s a 140 player per server war between two factions. The game is viewed in an isometric camera angle making it look like an RTS but each soldier is controlled by a player.There are no classes in Foxhole. You simply choose what you want to do & people will appreciate your efforts more or less depending on how much it helps them. You could choose to run logistics for example. That means that you drive a truck between certain locations with materials. Without the logistics players the war progression would completely stop because bases would run out of weapons, spawn points and whatever else the other players need to stay alive.You could also be a scrapper, soldier, commando and so on. There are many roles to be filled and they’re all needed in order to win.Whenever somebody appreciates what you do in the game they can commend you. Commends adds experience to your account and advances your rank. You could also get reprimanded for acting like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, team killing and so on. That means your rank will actually go down. Griefers quickly get banned from the servers thanks to this system and communities grow quickly on the servers. People will recognize you and invite them to their squads.I was personally surprised about how almost every single player use their microphones in the game. There is a local chat thing you can use to talk to other players who are near you using your microphone. Just be careful about what you say & where you say it because the enemies can hear you as well if they are close to you.There are key resources on the map that need to be farmed in order to progress through different tech to unlock vehicles/tools/weapons. Engineers have to secure these locations with defenses, soldiers have to hold the enemies back and logistics need to have a constant flow of building materials coming to the locations so that the engineers so that they can do their job.The first thing you got to know when you get into Foxhole is that nothing is “yours”. Everything you collect is most effectively used by sharing it to other players.  Always help other players if you have the possibility to do so. Commend players that help you and use chat a lot to keep yourself and the rest of the team informed. A lot of people will gladly help you out so don’t be afraid to ask for help if you need it.The commend system in this game really does wonders for the community and I hope other developers take note of it. It’s so effective in discouraging bad behavior and awarding good behavior that I rarely run into people who are just looking to ruin it. Almost every single person talks to you, wants to help you and is actively looking to be a part of the cooperative experience of the game. One of the best games I’ve played in terms of community. Easily.20€ is a bargain. It’s worth more."
,Recommended,505460,34243667,Posted: 14 August,all,rotiking(warg),"Foxhole succeeds where persistent survival MMOs, e.g. Destiny, Conan and Rust, failed, because there's an end-game. The game literally ends and resets.It's the same reason PUBG is better than DayZ. It's fun building up to an epic conclusion and then doing it again."
,Recommended,505460,33948589,Posted: 1 August,all,Smollik,amazing game seriously its amazing.. what a f*cking idea this devs implemented on a game... i recommend and im buying a few copies to my friends!buy it NOW!
76561198063022265,Recommended,505460,34050102,Posted: 5 August,all,Rct Kripkenstein [1st AB],"Great Game!First Match took an entire day, thousands of shots were fired, hundreds of man died. The whole thing was then settled by negotiating peace over some women, cheese and beer.10/10 Would sacrifice all those man again.10/10 For great community"
76561198067698230,Recommended,505460,33900426,Posted: 30 July,all,PlattyCat,"I was iffy about this game at first but I got a friend to get the game and we got into the game very quickly and had a blast. The community is super friendly and will help people who need some guidance, all you have to do is ask. This game has a lot of stuff to do, you can help out on the frontlines using weapons like rifles, carbines, heavy machine guns, shotguns etc. You can play as a medic, demolitionist, etc. and if you want a more laid back experience you can do some logistics; running supply lines, making weapons ammo, etc. This game is a true sandbox experience. The whole persistance mechanic is great, its nice to know everything you do has an effect like building up bases among other things. And when you work with your team and finally take over an outpost after hours of firefights it is very satisfying. On a final note, if you enjoyed Running with Rifles but want a more grounded experience with heavy focus on teamwork you will most likely enjoy this game. I highly recommend everyone at least try this great game."
76561198217922111,Recommended,505460,34715357,Posted: 3 September,all,T0XIC,"Great game, unfortunately it needs a squad system like the game ""Squad"". If it brought  the same communication channels ""Squad"" has and if everyone had to follow said squad leaders orders, you could avoid a super uncoordinated team. It would fix 90% of the battle issues in my opinion. From what I've noticed is that because there is no real ""Command"" system you have countless new players that just joined wandering around by them selves in groups of 2 or 3 even sometimes people ""lonewolfing"" it. By adding a more in depth squad communication system and the idea that staying with a squad of upwards of 9 people would solve the issue of so many players going off by them selves instead of big groups like it was made to be played."
76561198030492080,Recommended,505460,33912337,Posted: 30 July,all,joshuameeks,i give thumbs up fun awesome but i found a bug hopfully gets fixed where when i aim my guy wigs the f**k out and aims behind insted of aiming forward needs fixing before i go back still upvoting this :)
,Recommended,505460,33969448,Posted: 2 August,all,DirtyLimey,"For Early Access, this game has more polish and playability than many Triple A games in my steam library and already more hours invested too. Haven't suffered from this much of a gaming addiction for quite a long time...Sure, there is room for improvement but even as it stands, this game is stable, fun and compelling. It can only get better from here."
,Recommended,505460,34411494,Posted: 22 August,all,Jack The Ripper,"OMG, this is one of the best strategy games ive ever played. Dont be fooled by the poor graphics, this game will steal hundreds of hours from your life. Admittedly it does take a couple of hours to get the hang of things, otherwise you will be killed by friendly trucks, shot by the QM for fooling around with his♥♥♥♥♥♥ shot by alies for building a foxhole in the middle of the road near HQ, shot by alies for parking ur squad locked truck in the middle of the road , and worst of all - forgetting to set the spawn point. But after all that, this game offers many roals, some of them are: QuarterMaster, engineer(builder), resource collector and driver (logistics), the front line soldier, the hit squad soldier. There are even ranks in this game which can be achieved by receiving commendations from teammates. In this MMO, even 1 player can make all the difference. I could go on and on how great this game is, but the only way you are gonna find out is by playing, so go... go buy it now and join us on discord, you will know how, when you are ready."
,Recommended,505460,33979188,Posted: 2 August,all,MENTRA,1. Buy It2. Bring your friends3. Start farming mats for your team4. Start Build for hours5. Shoot them down6. Take the city7. Repeat 3-6**** I RATE 8/10 SUPER FUN GAME TO PLAY FOR DAYS ****
76561198120401470,Recommended,505460,33835012,Posted: 27 July,all,[BLD] [XO] Toby,"I've played this game for awhile now and its definitely something i've never played before.  Basically theres 2 factions fighting over control of a map.  Loads of different playstyles you'll encounter when playing this.  There's the frontline where all the action and fighting is at, whereas you'll see other players building or supplying defensively or offensively.  Grab a few friends and squad up.  Theres a learning curve in the beginning, but most of it is self-explanatory.  You actually grind for materials, refine it, then do whatever you'd like with it.  Whether it comes to building a foxhole or making weapons for your team.  You're constantly making a difference in the war and thats why I felt like this game stood out for me this year."
,Recommended,505460,33867533,Posted: 28 July,all,Max Power,"With the PUBG servers being janky at the moment, Overwatch having being played to death, and Gigantic feeling a bit samey (although still fun), I was looking to scratch my competitive itch before hitting bed at 10pm last night. I saw Foxhole in the Global Top Sellers, searched for vids on YouTube--as I always do when researching a new game--came across BaronVonLetsPlay's vids and saw that this looked like nothing I had ever played before.I'd linked up via the in-game voice chat with a German, an Englishman, and a guy from the US (there's a joke in there somewhere...), and despite my playing from Australia and everyone else playing from their homeland, encountered no lag apart from when driving trucks, and even then, it was not game breaking and only on occasion. Next thing I knew, it was 2:30am and after the four of us had gone on a truck building mission walking to another town, driving it back to base and then to the frontlines with supplies and troops, I was falling asleep at my keyboard, with a huge smile on my face.TLDR - the game is a great, unique, multi-player game, in which the community I encountered was nothing but fun and extremely helpful (shout out to Ghandi). Runs smooth as silk, and I'd highly recommend this to anyone looking to scratch that multi-player itch."
,Recommended,505460,33839085,Posted: 27 July,all,teabagjohn,"Really cool idea. Essentially Squad and Running With Rifles combined.+ Great sandbox+ Local voice chat & teamkills add to the hilarity+ Awesome base building / logistic feature+ Insanely good performance for an early access game with 120+ people on one server+ Good amount of content for early access+ Kills feel rewarding+ You have to actually communicate to do something in this game+ Multiplayer campaign & wars lasting several days- Camera feels odd at times- Lacking tutorial leads to clueless players sitting in spawn- Could use some more weapons & playstylesOverall very solid and entertaining if you put effort in it and try to find some people to run around with. Very friendly and casual community. Still not 100% sure if buy2play is the best solution for this game but as it stands it is very active and you'll find a lot of players. Might change in the future, so do your research (there are no bots/offline mode)."
,Recommended,505460,33922579,Posted: 31 July,all,[FoE] Adron,"10/10 This Game is the one EA you need to play!This game manages to take combat, logistics, and construction to a new level in a complex machine of a battlefield where each player has a simple role and together they get♥♥♥♥♥♥done!Combat is unique, squad based, and requires coordination.  Simple shooting can become a coordinated effort to suppress and overcome the enemy, while coordination is required to take our bunkers and defend objectives properly.Logistics is immediately rewarding, your effort to keep combatants supplied has an obvious effect over the course of the battle, gainging ground and fending off attacks with the supplies you create.The builders of the game keep your constructions protected, operating bases fortified and the enemy at bay with walls, machine gun nests, bunkers, artillery, and even sand bags.This game has something for everyone and needs everyone for something.  Watch a video or two and jump in with your friends, I promise you won't regret it!"
76561198023877671,Recommended,505460,34884253,Posted: 11 September,all,SirBlackalot,"One of the best teamwork games i've played in recent years. If you have a mic and you are willing to follow random people, no matter what you do, shooting, gathering or building you are gonna have a blast.For an early access alpha its pretty impressive and enjoyable even if you are on the losing side. Can't wait to see the final version."
,Recommended,505460,33976962,Posted: 2 August,all,DOCTAH DOOM,"I love the concept of this game; like when you have 40 people that are working together whether it's actually fighting the enemy, logistics, commanding everything or particular fields. I love it, it's such a great concept for a game like this, and I definitely reccommend anyone that is even at the least bit interested in this title. The problem I have with this game though is...The PlayersEDIT: I know this game has been released recently but I want this to be pointed out so that way people will learn from the mistakes I'm listing nowI have seen so much♥♥♥♥♥♥that goes on in this game that I want to break it down into a list.There are people in this game that willBuild walls backwardsPut unrefined materials in an outpost/townhallLock their vehicles that is full of material and log off or go off into battle to get shot in the faceDrive on the wrong side of the road, the driver seats are on the murica sidePeople running into the road to get run over by trucksPeople running into the trucks to get run over by said trucksTrucks running over peopleLeave tanks unlocked in the middle of a warzone only for it to be stolen by the enemyPut materials into a burning truck to use it for storage only for it to be blown up laterPutting foxholes/pillboxes in bushes so that way they can't see anythingPutting sandbags infront of pillboxes so they can't fire(btw unmanned foxholes/pillboxes have AI and automatically fire at enemies.)Completely disregard the key people that are actively giving orders that give some sort of direction in this chaotic mess.Nobody likes to build then the enemy assrapes undefended areasAn enemy halftrack drives through the HQ and mows everyone down for teh lulzI will update this list periodically with more stuff but you get my point. If you think you can do none of these things or let any of these things happen then you'll rank up to SSGT in no time. I tend to be rough around the edges whenever I command but I'm doing it so it gets people moving, and if you buy this game head on over to Baker2 colonials."
,Recommended,505460,33850032,Posted: 28 July,all,Fat Black Milksac,Fought for 4 hours over the same bridge with no clear winner on each side.9/10 would trench again.
76561198143213495,Recommended,505460,34198658,Posted: 12 August,all,oceanmango,"my first experience in the game:.Joined a server didn't know what to do.Got the idea of what to do.Allies request aid at the front line.Goes there with a bunch of supplies.We were winning untill....loud trucks and tanks coming flanking us.one of the enemy puts this in the mic ""AMERICA F*CK YEA"".we lost the game10/10"
,Recommended,505460,34005049,Posted: 3 August,all,Irish,good game yes
76561198034903820,Recommended,505460,33926438,Posted: 31 July,all,[10CCE] Copacetic,"Slow Burn,Written by [10CCE] Copacetic.I am nobody,This words has always accompany me when I started the game, doing practically nothing to affect the war. I spammed trucks at Goldenroot Ranch and steal unwanted stuff inside the manufactory plants that people leave.I am trying,This words has always been in my mind when I joined the 2nd map, the Umbral Wildwood when it got introduced. It was...eye opening. Being a gunner on a Half Track and doing patrols on the woods really is an adventure all onto itself. We even found a hidden player base in the woods, we took it over and made it for us.I am something,Callahans Passage is where I found my calling. This is where I found him, the founder of 10CCE, Aelix. The 10th Colonial Combat Engineers. An old british guy that have experience leading people in real life. He teaches me everything I know about foxhole at the time, he accepts my failings and pushed me to rectify it, because of him I am one of the best Artillery spotter/range and angle finder in 10CCE and arguably the best in the game. I thank the Gods everytime I touched an artillery after our meeting.I am happy,The best period of my life at the time is playing Foxhole with my group. It was enjoyable. It was fullfillment. It was glorious. We truly accended with the command of Aelix and the other choosen members. We make alliances, we break the Wardens and that was unprecedented at the time because they have a lot of major clan players. We achived soo much at the time.I am lost,He left, Aelix left us and inaccordance chaos spreads all over the group. We broke, we split but we survived. Different ideology, member drama, power grabs, weird♥♥♥♥♥♥and loss of faith torn assunder the best clan this side of the Colonials and in our weakness created many different groups which embodies different ideologies, playstyles and command. But to me they are still family.I am persevering,The clan goes...quite. We shout our defiance against time and problems that crop up. We believe and hope in the coming of Aelix back into the game as our only salvation. The group lose so much of its core player in this time period. I even contemplated on even quitting the game. I am one of 4 of the old guard that is left.I am changing,Reformation, changes, and new allies to find new purpose and fun. That is what UN is all about in my eyes. 10CCE needs to change to adapt to its surroundings, the game was slow at the time, with little to none new players. The war always come in the weekends, and 10CCE never failed to show itself and always in on the action. But what can a few men do to change a war, how can we hold what we have and not lose it all when we come back. The answer to that is alliance. But to get something you need to give something, and thus so we as a group at the time decided to be Neutrals.I am new,10CCE is remade in our image and of what we want to do at the time. We abandoned Aelix wishes on playing on only Colonials. We still believed in the Hammer, we still believe that defences win wars. We are now named the 10th Commando Combat Engineers. Till this day, even with all the♥♥♥♥♥♥that people have thrown towards us on doing this, I still say that we have made the best choice that we can at the time to survive as a group.I am 10CCE,Here we are in Early Access, gods be good that the game has boomed. We survived. Foxhole is not just a Game, Foxhole is not just War, Foxhole is not just Dank Memes. Foxhole is a community game, together you can achieve great and terrible things. You can generate endless salt and in the same time glory for your choosen faction. Find your niche, be your niche, and at the same time push yourself to get as far as you can. Treat it as your friend and forevermore treat yourself to a game this good."
,Recommended,505460,33885325,Posted: 29 July,all,MultiGamerClub,"Before you purchase:This game is can be very fun but it can also be very sad / lonely if you dont go well with many people.Ive found myself in situations where its no fun, either im dying in the game or im just finding items with others. It will get boring fast for myself and others. Work as a team and talk with people, either its going to be on Discord, Ventrilo or Teamspeak. Just join a clan or something, go with a group of people or else you will lose hope for this game.Like i am doing, ive barely played 4 hours into the game as im writing this, but thats because i dont find groups to play with or im too scared to join a random room on discord to play with others. This is from my viewpoint.Pro's:- Good graphics- Good stable FPS- Teamwork is very important- People RP alot- Triple the servers from day 1.- Nearly no bugs*- When alone, people will often ask for others to join them.Con's:- Not much organised from team to team.- Alone can easely create an isolation from the game.- Trucks teamkilling is a common issue. (Not intentionally, but happens too often)*Fell under a bridge when crossing it, you will instant die, you cant just walk under it if its destroyed/gone to.Conclusion:The game has some small flaws, but these are so small you will most likely never experience them and the bugs people find usually gets fixed very quickly by the devs. The game is not an fps, but more your looking from above. It can be grindy, but with people already creating clans and a community steady growing. I'd say you should buy this game on fullprice. I buyed it when it was at 126 Kroner or 15,8 USD dollars, thats not expensive. But people have been complaining about the price. I would have probably buy this at 20 USD to, it looks very good from the graphics and the game isnt very heavy on my processor to. As im having techical issues with my pc, this game still delivers.Score:96/100Why 96 out of 100 score? Why not just a 10/10 score?Because there's some things i dislike in this game which could be fixed, but in time the devs will have fixed them anyway :)Edit: I spent a good 10 minutes writing this and if you have reached the end, have a virtual cookie."
76561198066578175,Recommended,505460,33870207,Posted: 28 July,all,BattleSarge,"There is something about this game that sets it above others. A feeling of persistence unlike any other game. Planetside 2 is nothing in comparison to Foxhole. This game is a persistent war that continues day in and day out, the lines of battle ever changing. However unlike Planetside, where everyone plays combat roles fighting and respawning in a big map, in this game, some are fighters, some are commanders, and some are the logistics officers and such who fuel the war effort.Every bullet you fire is made by a player to fuel the fires of combat.Every rifle you equip is made by a player to allow you to continue the fight.Every fortification you come across is constructed by players.Every vehicle you see either running troops or supplies one way or another, yep you guessed it, crafted and fueled by players.Behind every minor action of combat there are several individuals who mined, refined, produced, and transported guns, ammo, kits to respawn, vehicles, etc. to keep the war going. This game has a machine of persistant warfare unlike any other, and I would highly reccomend this game to anybody."
76561198288049190,Recommended,505460,33874190,Posted: 28 July,all,Childish Chigga,"This game is the love child of  a war game, sandbox elements and strategy all into one lovely  package.I been playing this game sense pre alpha and bloody hell it is amazing. This game encourages  team play and team speak overall the gameplay is amazing giving you a feel of war and camaraderie. The best aspect of this game is the bright and coloful community, the dev's dedication. This game can be played  in multiple choice playstyles from frontline grunts to logistics squads to leaders of squads  and many more. Overall this game is by far a game i am very fond of and hope to see even greater things implemented in the future."
,Recommended,505460,33862937,Posted: 28 July,all,[FFL] Von,This games is the pure definition of a true stategy and team based game. Honestly an amazing game.
76561197974628635,Recommended,505460,34025805,Posted: 4 August,all,5★ Hexperience,1. You build a truck2. you go get some scrap3. pickup some random russian guy midway4. make that russian guy collect scrab for you5. play the game as logistic 15 hours without shooting a single gun6. dont forget the russian guy you left at the scrabyard10/10would do again
76561198116705922,Recommended,505460,34003414,Posted: 3 August,all,[STAR] Zander,"It was day 17 on the Deadlands. After a push few days earlier  to capture the island town Abandoned Ward, it came under a massive attack from an organized clan of 30+ players, up against a mere 10 defenders. They rolled over us with tanks and half tracks, while we only had guns and grenades- it was a slaughter. Being the highest ranking officer, I tried to organize a defense- in vain. Mortar shells we dropping every 10 seconds, destroying every building and defensive structure we had. We were losing ground every second when a squad of field MGs finally came to reinforce us- I thought maybe! Maybe we have a chance!... But then came the gas. I estimate over 50 cans were thrown at us, slaughtering the MG crews... I knew we had lost the town. Meanwhile a WO2 was calling in chat to ""hold the line!"" ""Push then back"".... I told my men to ❤❤❤❤ it- blow the bridge. We had little defences to hold them back if they got past the bridge, they would win the war if they gained a foothold in our territory. I had 7 men attempt to slow them down, while we grabbed as many HE grenades as we could. Minutes later, the town hall fell and I ordered a full retreat across the bridge, and we started to throw explosives on it. Just then, an enemy tank spotted what we were doing and began to move across the bridge. At that point it was two of us, desperately trying to halt the colonel advance. A tank shell ripped my soul from my body, and I lay there, dying, as a soldier, a mere private, bleeding, with a tank on its way to slaughter him, seeing friendly face run past him in a full retreat, knowing he was not going to see another day, toss one final Grenade--- and blow the bridge, sending the tank to the bottom of the river, and saving the entire Warden team. I never saw that man again; but it goes to show- this is a TEAM game. Everyone must contribute in some way; or it is hopeless..... we later managed to push them off the island, and as I leave my review we are pushing into their territory with tanks right now. But this game, everyone has a story to tell. Go find yours."
76561198024061764,Recommended,505460,33833815,Posted: 27 July,all,toothzahn,"Nice MMO, Interessting new game concept, Active devs and community"
,Recommended,505460,33847054,Posted: 27 July,all,Swoons,Got ambused while we were talking in game trying to strategize our plan of attack. The enemy team yelled ALLAH AKBAR as they engaged. 10/10
,Recommended,505460,34007600,Posted: 3 August,all,Batnip,"Foxhole is an absolute blast and a gem, teamwork is what is needed in this little game.tl;dr: If you like to work for a war or to fight at the front lines, this is the game for you. Destroy the enemies will and overtake towns and their supplies. Plenty of things for everyone to do, whether you want to sit behind and scrap or fight.Many games have tried to pit you with a team to win a game, but not at the cost this game has. This game is persistent, meaning all of your comrades and you need to be constantly working, days on even, to win a war or to even defend a town. The logistics portion is what really gets me, and it's executed perfectly.Some towns may not have factories for refining materials, upgraded gun factories, health buildings, or vehicle factories, meaning you need to constantly be moving around, memorizing the map. Drivers can do two things, deliver materials/goods, or drive men directly to the front lines; I'll get into that later. Drivers and anyone who gathers materials directly help shape the war, they provide the front lines with shirts (for respawns), ammunition, guns, medical supplies, and more. No scrapper is useless, every bmat you make can be used for something, and so can supplies.Defenses are one of the more fun aspects of the game, they have a wide variety of things you can use to build your safe-haven (hopefully lots more to come though). You have the basic walls and gates, which serve to protect from outside fire, and then you have turrets, foxholes, radio towers (which can provide you radius information), howlitzers, and more. There are also construction vehicles (cv) which can fix up abandoned buildings for protection or ""shade"" or fix up a town hall for you to claim.The game is a PERSISTANT online war, many servers are available, that being said, there are a LOT of enemies wanting to take over your towns. The men responsible for this, the soldiers at the front-line, are the same people who raid towns, bases, and supress enemy fire. The combat aspect is one of the most fun things about the game (though I mainly am there for medical care), you NEED people to guard towns, gates, and people to scout the area (usually a radiotower will help). Soldiers can defend off invaders while you're trying to patch up walls, turrets, trucks, anything, making them invaluable. There are plenty of things they can use to fight off an enemy, such as grenades (2 kinds), SMGs, half-trucks, tanks, mortars, RPGs, plenty of more.Since this game mainly revolves around teamwork, you will find many people with mics, and they're always nice, never before have I met such a great community. They're willing to teach you the basics (but please, look at the tutorial, it's only 6 minutes) and they'll be telling you what supplies are needed or where soldiers are needed and if you can help with anything.I've taken the initiative in plenty of games to help out a situation by issuing orders (and believe me, you WILL need a strategist), defending off only 1 city whilst the enemies outnumbered us by far and claimed every town. If you are a strategist, you will issue orders that may or may not kill your comrades, and it is YOUR duty to make sure your orders don't allow that to happen, precious resources and men. Establish a secret route to another city should you be backed into a corner, issue wall orders placed at certain coordinates, but please do not only issue orders, you are a soldier as well."
76561198022260000,Recommended,505460,34473991,Posted: 24 August,all,Vientros,"Was running a combined arms assault with 2 halftracks and a small unit of infantry. Get into a close quarters fight. Amongst the bullets, explosions and chaos, an enemy ran into the thick of it blasting the Soviet Anthem. So I shot him.10/10 would shoot commies again"
,Not Recommended,505460,34218895,Posted: 13 August,all,Loothacks,"Groups or clans repeatedly votekick people they do not like. Every kick bans you from the game for a longer amount of time. The game is fun, but not being able to play it due to childish behavior is ridiculous. I would not recommend buying; I will be refunding this game."
,Recommended,505460,34682520,Posted: 2 September,all,Crack Addict Conflict,"This Game Is For People Who Want A Proper Non Grief And BS Game True Teamwork Will Work Here And Serious People Will Be Playing (Some Cause They Want To Win And Some For RP Like Style). True Strategy will win you wars in this game. Strats Like Finding Where To Build Defenses And Walls And If To Flank And Push, Retreat, ETC.Rolling Into Places With Squads Of Men Talking About Stories Or Just Having A Laugh Before Going Into The Frontlines Feels Really Nice And Interesting But Then You Go To The Frontlines In Battle And That's Where Most Of The Fun Is.You Can Play As Basically Anything But The Main Roles Are Logi, Builder, Infantry. The Rest Of The Roles I'd List Are Like Sub Roles Such As Medic, Tank Crew, ETC.Lots Of Clans On Here And Many Friendly Players Who Will Help You If Your New. Just Support Your Team And Don't Be Anti-Social And You'll Enjoy This Game. Many More Things I Could Say But I'm Gonna End This Review Here."
,Not Recommended,505460,33998935,Posted: 3 August,all,Breezycheeks,"Should still be free to play, it is not even close to complete. Save the $20 and check back in 6 months.  I don't expect most players to get 5 hours of enjoyment in it's current state.Pros:Joining an existing squad and going to battle has good moments. Painstakingly capturing fortified territory using a mixture of supressing fire and HE grenades gives the game potential.Cons:Calling this game a ""MMO"" would be like calling Arma III a ""MMO"" as they are fundamentally the same game. There is nothing persistant about the world. There are currently 50+ servers you can connect to but none of them will save your progress, track statistics or reward contributions. You can abandon a losing match to find another server. There are currently 30 minute queue times to connect to a fresh competitive server.There is no matchmaking and thus no competition mixed with blatant abuse- whichever team has the largest premade wins within four hours and has complete power to votekick anyone.The rank system  requires other players to commend you but the game has absolutely no stat tracking. You need to be commended four times to even create a squad but the players who know how to commend will save their limited supply for friends or streamers. The game does a poor job explaining the rank system and makes no effort to encourage players to participate.Each team desperately needs logistic supply chains but it is extremely boring and unrewarding. You will spend many hours walking around encumbered with materials going from refinery to craft station to town hall. Within seconds all your work will be consumed by your team without any recognition or advancement.I have spent 10 hours doing pure logistics in four sessions. Gathering and refining materials, crafting weapons, transporting troops to the front lines as well as building up bases with construction vehicles. I hoped *one* of these activities would get the attention and commendations from my team.  I have not received a single one. If you expect to advance *even a single rank* you must have friends feed you free commends.  It is more likely that a logistics player will receive a 60 minute ban defending his cargo from thieving teammates.The vote kick system includes a 60 minute ban but few pay attention and often will votekick the wrong player for retaliating to a griefer.  The ban is mitigated by the 30 minute queue times and can be easily avoided completely by disconnecting when the vote begins. Thus the griefers will avoid all bans while baiting helpful players into receiving them.A recent example you can expect as a logistics player:Level 1 rank 0 player (brand new) steals all the basic materials from my truck while loading at a town hall. The town hall loading process is incredibly tedious as you need to load 10 per click with a 5 second cooldown. Player can give (or take) entire stacks of 99 from the truck. Thus you would want your doors unlocked to allow the harvesters/refiners to speed up the process. This leaves you vulnerable for griefers to steal your entire cargo within a single moment.Stealing mats from a loading truck is against the rules and I promptly ran him over to reloot my full stacks while telling him through chat this behavior isn't acceptable. He retaliates by blowing up my truck *at our town hall* in front of 10+ witnesses. I trigger a votekick but not a single player joins. Only one player joins in chat to chastise his behavior.The griefer starts yelling ""I kill you"" in broken english through proximity voice channel as I respawn and attacks me. We continue brawling and he is losing badly. He triggers a votekick against me and multiple players participate. I am forced to leave the game early to avoid a 60 minute ban but need to sit through a fresh 30 minute queue.Griefer: 1Me: 0Current state of Foxhole: -1Foxhole community: -∞"
76561198006132542,Not Recommended,505460,35062916,Posted: 19 September,all,Baki,"This game was greatAfter last patch, which included map with large body of water this game turned into a nightmare. Both sides fortified their beaches, and the game is going nowhere. It turned into never ending grind. Even when there is 40 people on one side and 8 people on the other there is no chance to break the defences. Game is lagging because of the amount of destroyed vehicles in the watter. It is almost imposible to make any big push, because if you load people into landing craft the lag kills them....... People are getting annoyed and toxic and the community is slowly dissolving. When one side offered that they will blow their HQ up to finaly end the gridlock, they were threatened by the moderator that they will be banned.Dont buy the game now you will be only disappointed...............Just wait until further updates."
,Not Recommended,505460,33877484,Posted: 29 July,all,Dr. Peter Venkman,"Foxhole has a lot of potential. Its focus on the long war taking a grunt approach to action is innovative, and I can see it going to places given time. But as it is, I would not recommend it at all. Let me list it in an easy to digest list of pros and cons, then you can downvote me to hell for disliking the game.Pros:- Innovative take on war games.- Lots of options and gameplay approaches: be a soldier, a builder, a truck driver that takes people to their workplaces or frontlines.- It runs on a potato.- Sound design is decent.- Massive battles.- Awesome, responsive and active devs.Cons:- The game does absolutely nothing to explain the basics of gameplay. Instead, it relies on you spending hours upon hours of wiki reading, tutorial videos on Youtube and generally, not being in the game to learn how to play the game.- Rough around the edges (expected on an EA game, but it's getting a stale excuse by now).- I personally really dislike the camera angle. I understand this is a highly subjective con for me to point out, but really, I hated this isommetrical POV.- Most importantly, the game as it is now has no ""purpose"", no long term objective. Your efforts are fruitless, as ""the war"" is not an unified one. Instead, it's different servers hosting different battles, that have no purpose whatsoever: if you conquer the other faction, the server just resets and starts over. You can even switch sides just by logging out. There is no sense of being part of a faction in a big war, and there is no sense of progression whatsoever. Just hours-long stalemates (or resource grinding) that go to waste once the reset condition is met.I understand some of the cons are subjective, or that they can be overlooked in favor of other unique elements of this game. But for me, they were an absolute dealbreaker. I would definitely not recommend this game at its current asking point. Maybe in a few months it will be the amazing game its potential points to, and the responsiveness and general awesome attitude of the dev team certainly gives hope for it. But as I said, right now it is just the shell of a game with big, unfulfilled potential."
,Recommended,505460,34405448,Posted: 21 August,all,Delacroix,"Picture being a single soldier in Company of Heroes, you're a free agent but any sense of progress stems from another player. There is no almighty cursor in the sky directing your every movement but there is anabundanceof petty tyrants and hotshots playing armchair general.You just might meet someone who will teach you the basics and for a few hours, keep you alive. Staying alive and contributing to a match that can last from 12 hours to several days is hard. (Foxhole devs, maybe Keith Szarabajka or Anthony Skordi are available for tutorial or commrose VA...)Taking a gun, nine clips you're never going to fire, ""finding"" a truck and driving to your death minutes away is easy. Don't do that.The weapons you hold, the ammo you fire, the defensive structures you run past and the respawns you come back from were created by someone else. The materials fuelling these creations? Other people too.Some say that they play EVE Online and do nothing but mine. Others say past their fixed stares and blank faces are a kind, gentle people who live a simple and peaceful life among the scrap fields.The bottom line is that everything takes some degree of time and effort whether it's a footslogger looking for a fight and surviving, a utilitarian builder (look it up, minecrafters out there) or a truck driver who like many geniuses, are greatly underappreciated in their time.All we know is that a jagoff is going to siphon an exorbitant amount of those resources to construct the Maginot Line or Simcity 2017at HQin the middle of nowhere. Don't do that.Constructing and repairing fortifications under enemy fire is true grit and what holds ground once it's taken. A line of foxholes backed up by tunnel networks is formidable and significantly more deadly than a line of walls.One last thing should you want to jump on in: travel along roads on foot at your own peril. Friendly fire is onall the time, you're in foxhole land now sucker!"
,Recommended,505460,33856164,Posted: 28 July,all,[EDGE]Ryan,"I have played this game since 2016 or pre-alpha ,sadly i didnt reach to to lvl 15 to get a gold medal and was lvl 14 and so close to lvl 15 ;-;  but none then less this game is amazing its either for those who love strategy in war or MMorpg because the is mostly player driven.You'll meet a lot of people ,who will help you or kill you for no reason unless you stand on the road AFK than you deserve to get run-over by a logistic truck.Hope you'll love the game ,as do i <3"
76561197983712106,Recommended,505460,33933470,Posted: 31 July,all,Reborn,"I was expecting hundreds of players in an epic war, instead its between 80-120 depending on the server. If you were playing on one of these servers and it happens to be full when you come back. Tough luck.Still reccomend as the teamwork, experiances and gameplay are on point.Will hope they increase there server capacity someday."
,Recommended,505460,33969900,Posted: 2 August,all,FrontRUSSIAN,>Join the war>Say goodbye to my mama>Truck comes at home town>Driver tells us we are going to a frontline>Given a rifle and 2clips of rounds>Truck goes throgh the checkpoint with few fellow soldiers building there>Truck drives us to small town>Tells us to get out>Our squad of rockies walks into a trap>We dont have any cover>I go prone and start shooting>Notice that everyone beside me are dead>Get PTSD>Think to myself its better be a alive coward rather then dead hero>Retreat to checkpoint>EVERYBODY THERE IS DEAD>See 10 enemy soldier executing critically wounded>They see me.>Woneded and and executed.>Think to myself THAT WAS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZINGBuy this game its amazing it will give you so many war stories. You can be anyone you want from Logistics guy to a spec op soldier operating behind enemy lines.
,Recommended,505460,34064285,Posted: 6 August,all,xephtar,it is like playing with plastic green soldiers toy but they are not just standing like in real life.they are alive and you should ready for big caos.
,Recommended,505460,33867305,Posted: 28 July,all,[BLD] Turbulent Introversion,"As a Pre-Alpha player that had to stop playing for a few months because of a Summer Semester for my college, I was pleasantly surprised to see that Foxhole had gone far while I was away and had released itself on Steam as a paid game.Needless to say, I purchased the game with curiosity in how the game is now that I see a large influx of new players joining and playing along. Long story short, it was a chaotic mess of new players running each other over with trucks and bikes while I'm seeing them start to love the game as I had long ago.My higher rank was apparent to most as I was asked about the many mechanics and how-to's of Foxhole, and I made sure to be up to speed with the game just so I can educate my squad and teammates on the run while trying to deliver supplies and troops to the frontline I helped create. Even decided to give my squad a tutorial on everything we ran across while trying to get to the next town after our Logistics truck was stolen (Was showing a squad of new players how to refine scrap into basic materials for logistics, and a new player hopped in and drove off without us).The gameplay has always been quite wonderful, but it's even better for a support-oriented player to be able to teach others how to properly handle driving, shooting, and standard protocols that keep bases or themselves safe such as keeping a gate shut or learning to keep an ear out for trucks.If you're worried about needing to deal with the skill gap, just watch a basic tutorial and ask your nearby allies. As much as I like to talk about how I've been instructing as many recruits as I could in how to play, I couldn't have been as successful if it wasn't for all the other old time players who have the same wish to keep the game welcoming for newcomers hoping to learn how to enjoy Foxhole entirely.This isn't a review on the gameplay of the game entirely, but I would like to put this review mainly on how welcoming the game is to new players wanting to experience it all since it is hard for me to describe anything that can only really be had by experiencing the immersion of this game with the teammates around you."
,Recommended,505460,33875608,Posted: 29 July,all,dingo 🐺,"Charming persistent game that will keep you entertained for however long you plan your sessions to be.Multiple maps, weapons, vehicles, etc. right out of the gate and the interactions between friendlies and enemies combined add up to a literally endless amount of content, and the game just barely went into early access.Combat is surprisingly refined and works very well for the limitations and restrictions it appears to have, and be it large scale battles or small 1 to 2 man skirmishes, encounters just feel RIGHT. It's hard to explain but you just have to play it to really understand what I mean.The base building and resource aspect of the game also has enough depth to keep you playing and working as you are never quite able to keep your captured towns as secure as you need them to be and enemies may raid at any given moment!Play with friends for a better experience!"
76561198041768246,Recommended,505460,34009998,Posted: 4 August,all,Bloodcam,"You're thrown out near a town conquered by your team, considered as your home base.You have many options after you spawn in. You can either head out into war, you can make weapons for your faction, and you can build defenses for your base(s).Of course, you're always wanting to get into some action, so you head out into war.You grab the limited supplies from your nearest Town Hall, and head to the front lines with a random teammate. He's a pretty friendly guy.As you walk with him, he starts talking to you. You get to know him more. He's turned into your squadmate.Suddenly, you start seeing bullets fly, you shoot back, getting an enemy damaged. But the other team was ready, with more troops and defenses at hand.You and your teammate get obliterated by gunfire. You're bleeding on the floor, while your teammate is firing at other enemies. He says, ""I'll get you, man! I've got first aid, just hang in there for now!""You both know that you both aren't going to survive.Your life is flashing before your eyes.Before you die, you see your teammate get down aswell. You see that he's killed lots of enemies.Other teammates rush towards the enemy, gunning them down.""I want to be like him. I want to do that.""Seconds later, you die.Upon spawning back, the supplies you've grabbed in your previous life are gone.You go back to the Town Hall and gather more supplies for your next run, and on the way to the front lines, you meet the same guy as before. You two head out to battle once more.Welcome to FOXHOLE.Upon playing this for four hours, this has happened to me multiple times. You're going to love the community for this game. Just be friendly, don't come off as an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and work with your team.Heavily recommended, is also great playing with your friends.(Don't let the Early Access stamp bother you, either.)"
,Recommended,505460,34505588,Posted: 26 August,all,Peter Parkour,Really fun Top-Down Open World shooter. Random players are very friendly most of the time and it's fun fighting at the front if you want to conquer a point or defend it :D
76561197991327343,Recommended,505460,34028023,Posted: 4 August,all,JesterJinx,"With Foxhole, you get a good ""realistic"" feel of what a WW2 battle front could have looked like from a logistics perspective. As a player there are no definitive classes. You are free to be pretty much any role you want, be it a medic, squad leader, recon unit, supplier, crafter, front engineer, transport unit, combat soldier, etc.). The game is very engaging, but it does require some time to get into it. An important thing to mention is that there is a lot of action going on pretty much all the time, but for some players it will be hard to figure it out and they will ragequit before even reaching a battle front.If you do buy it, I would reccomend you to get engaged in one of the multiple fronts going on for your faction and find your own ways to help win the war. Asking more experienced players about how you can help is a good way to do this :DPros :- Almost bug and glitch-free game.- Shooting people feels rewarding.- Game encourages creativity and cooperation.- Players are free to fulfill different roles.- Has a survival feel to it.- Very immersive, can make you feel engaged to your war.Cons :- Complex for new players- Relatively time consuming if you're not into the survival genre- Requires players to be a bit selflesss, especially for crafters / supplier- Your actions can feel ""impactless"" since they are diluted into a large pool of player actions (50vs50 or 60vs60 battles)I would not reccomend the game if you match any of these criterias :- You are very young.- You are very individualist.- You don't have a microphone.- You are not ready to invest at least 2 hours to learn how the game works ."
,Recommended,505460,34068018,Posted: 6 August,all,Hidden_Mind,"foxhole is a weird game, it can be very fun to both fight and be in logistics BUT!sadly the community can be pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥in fact, the first 30 mins of your playing will probably be the worst;1.	no one wants to give you a lift because you could steal supplies out the back or steal the truck.2.	because everyone is so paranoid, people lock their trucks when they get out...seems sensible but when you have 20 trucks locked hanging around, it becomes a nightmare.3.	if you are a soldier, all you will do is spam for which resources are needed in chat, so far there is no logical way to ask for resources in a better way...4.	if you are logic (logistics) you will, get shouted at for not giving lifts, get shouted at for running people over, get shouted at for ""bringing the wrong ammo"" the list goes on.5.	PEOPLE ARE ALSO SUPER DUMB, SO DON'T EXPECT THERE TO BE ANY TYPE OF SUPPLY SYSTEM, COMMAND SYSTEM OR LOGIC BEHIND ACTION OR STUPIDLY PLACED WALL.so, I accept this game is early, and there is a lot to be desired. But some of my favourite moments have been;1.	first time playing on a busy server, I ended up running the logic team for a solid 3 hours. (I didn’t get commended for this, but hey) it was great fun, as I organised weapons and ammo movement, shirts and lead building parties to the front.2.	team was a bunch of chickens, so I went and built a tank, got ammo and lead a charge to take a town, we might not have taken it, but great fun.3.	doing sneaky recon on enemy bases, and while i think the fortifications need to be nerfed (I don’t remember pillboxes that rise out the ground, or the auto gun turret in WW1-WW2 but maybe I missed that part.)so if you do want to play, first have a look at all the youtube videos, there's a bit to catch up on. second, when you first land in a server dont mic blast ""wheres the front i want to fight!"" 100% i do not pick people up like this. third, you dont need 10 clips of ammo, or anything like that. in fact, in the first spawn in, take min stuff, two clips max. when you are driven (or run) to a fob, make it your new spawn point.somethings I’d recommend to the game devs are:•	way to split the team, into a clear logic and soldier. (without needing to be in squads or hold a rank of WO1) {this could be as simple as going to a town hall and selecting (logic/soldier, still have the same access to everything, but makes organises easier.)•	some way for a proper squad leadership. (allowing for generals {greater pic of soldier’s movements, plus commands and being in all chats.) majorx2 (one for both soldiers and logic, tasked with organising), LTs (leading squads of men, can order supplies, map markings), SGTS can give map markings to only their squad.•	a fix of commends, not many players know how to do commends? and it seems weird that your rank is tied to it.•	a proper in game tutorial, only a few watches the community videos to learn.•	get rid of the auto Gun Turret, it’s dumb.•	Make it so when a logic truck drops off supplies to a fob or town that it always says the value of the drop, in game chat. (they stay inside and access the fob/town hall)Now, I would recommend this game, if you have some friends to jump on with, a group of 3 is perfect! Pick a low player sever, in the late days and just kinda explore and work together.If you play solo like I have, get ready a wild ride"
,Recommended,505460,33860077,Posted: 28 July,all,adyian,This is the most original game what i ever played. There is no such a game like this.Btw 60 hours on foxhole pre-alpha...
,Recommended,505460,33836702,Posted: 27 July,all,Africandave™,"⭐⭐⭐⭐★After playing 420 hours in the pre-alpha period, I can say that I'm glad to support this games development. Frequently updated by an active and friendly dev team that listens to player’s suggestions/concerns and addresses them, I'm hopeful about any future updates.Two factions, the Colonials and the Wardens, fight for domination of the Warden homeland in this 60 vs 60 top-down shooter. Set in an independent universe that is similar to early 20th century conflicts, players create and destroy extensive fortifications with their own hands or an assortment of weapons and vehicles. The game focuses on teamwork and cooperation, meaning the most organised groups and players that balance logistics of supplies with offensive and defensive manoeuvres will ultimately achieve victory."
76561198030495388,Recommended,505460,33911276,Posted: 30 July,all,Nema,"This game is so unique... so spetial... you can take a lot of diferent roles, fight, gather, drive, command, build, destroy, craft, transport ppl, transport resorces, investigate technologys for everyone, and a lot more, just yourself doing that to help others, to win the grand WAR obviusly.Its really something everyone should taste, a really difernt experience, and if u happend to find like me some friends in battle, and be happy for the supply truck bringing you meds and ammo when u where running low on your outpost, fighting fiercely for tour team, im sure youll end up lovin it."
,Recommended,505460,34430377,Posted: 22 August,all,Dii Casses,"My First Experience:1) Spawn and learn from Delta2) Teaches me to build and everything3) Ask him if I can Scout4) Group up with (R)angus and Rainbow Tiger5) We arrive in a small shanty base near front6) Meet Squid, hates Delta and wants to kill7) We go out to take a city8) We get wiped out9) Respawn and get a squad to go back to city10) Delta and Squid exchange insults on the way out11) Half of our squad gets hit by friendly supply truck12) Go back to city with group13) Enemy on motorcycles come14)I kill a couple before R dies15) ""NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO'16) ""Alright, Squad up we have to go back""17) Repeat.10/10 Actually has teamwork and you can make up stories while you walk to the city that you will either take or die."
,Recommended,505460,34592888,Posted: 29 August,all,[FoE] .SS Wolverine🐺,"I think its my first review, anyway. Awesome game 10/10.Keep up the good work. And to everyone new, WITHOUT A TEAM/BUDDY ITS BORING !"
,Recommended,505460,34564980,Posted: 28 August,all,FUQS,"Carried rifle for like 20 minutes, shot 12 rounds, builded one foxhole, drove two lap around the map AND HIT TRASH WITH GIANT SLEDGEHAMMER FOR LIKE MILLION OF TIMES AND GOT BILLIONS OF SCRAP."
,Recommended,505460,34119290,Posted: 8 August,all,Seto Mulyadi,"Life lesson that i can get from this game is, ""always move on the side part of the road, otherwise you're a dead man""."
76561197961086556,Recommended,505460,34602101,Posted: 30 August,all,Pythos|VoxAgon|uTube,"An incredibly immersive video game with a setting and aesthetic inspired by the First and Second Great Wars. Even though the perspective of the title is top-down, very rarely have I played a game as engrossing, visceral and authentic as Foxhole to its subject matter and gameplay dynamics. It is as much a game of combat as it is about supplies and logistics for that combat to be conducted; it is a title heavily reliant on teamwork and communication. If this interests you at all, I urge you to have a look at the title; I have also made a YouTube pseudo-review video that Takes a Gander at the game - if you are considering purchasing and playing Foxhole, it may be of some usefulness to you.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVBO5bFd7e8"
,Recommended,505460,33845615,Posted: 27 July,all,[PUG] Carson,"I have spent nearly 200 hours on the pre-alpha version, and this is easily one of my favorite games of all time. If you enjoy tactical team based games like Squad, Project Reality, and Planetside 2, you should love this game.Dont expect to impact anything on your own, and be ready to get berated by some stuck up players that don't understand you are trying to learn. Stick with the game and always ask for help from senior players (ones with high ranks next to their names), and this game's amazing community will open up to you.The devs are very open to the community and are receptive to feedback, they have been constantly updating the game for over a year, and I have no reason to doubt that they will continue to do so. Even if the game stopped development today, the $20 asking price is a bargain.overall, 9/10 would play again"
76561197971813326,Not Recommended,505460,34064773,Posted: 6 August,all,Jack Pott,"This game has a lot of promise, but like all early access games, isn't finished. I reccomend waiting until its gameplay has been rounded out.Its a really interesting concept, mixing shooter and MMO aspects into one game. Except there is nothing to invest in your character at the moment, no progression. You have two gameplay choices, one involves tedius resource gaterhing and refining, pretty much the same as any other MMO. The system of needing logistics on the front line to support the fight is great though, you can't really see that effort but you can really see what happens when it breaks down.The other option is going to fight, which first involves asking around to find out where the fight is, spending a very long time walking to the front line, hopefully remembering to set your spawn point, and then heading into combat. The game is structured to make you disposable, there is no drawback to dying except the time consuming process of picking a gun up and loading it again. So you run forward, shoot someone, die, and repeat.This lacks depth, and in fact despite the 20 vs 20 frantic firefights which often ensure, lacks drama. There is no sense of an action packed front line, its all too pedestrian. At the moment feels like a top down shooter played out at MMO speed.There are some other niggles, like the terrible view angle/system that requires you to contort the screen to ensure the enemy is always in a corner for maximum view distance, or the terrible medic system, but I'm sure these will be fixed. The players howeverare very good, I've hardly seen any donuts. The communication system doesn't encourage teamplay like other games, like Squad, though so expect to play in silence.Basically, don't buy it today, but come back in 6 months when the game has been fleshed out."
,Recommended,505460,33850307,Posted: 28 July,all,The Word-Mule,"The first five hours I spent on Foxhole were the greatest gaming experience I have ever had in my entire life. I am not exaggerating. I have never played a game that was more fun than Foxhole. Lots of games promise you massive multiplayer, they promise you immersion and realism, they promise endless replayability. They promise emergent, unforgettable experiences, and rewarding player economies. Foxhole delivers on those promises effortlessly where other games renege on them. It's better than Running with Rifles. It's better than Red Orchestra. It's better than DayZ. It's better than Rust. It's better than 7 Days to Die. It's better than PUBG. It's better than EVE Online. If you are into what it's offering, it's simply the best game, period.Remember Stern."
76561198032249834,Recommended,505460,34576371,Posted: 29 August,all,Freerk,"I got stationed at Fisherman's Warf as an upstart Lance Corporal. We pushed hard for Arcadia and quickly secured Eidolo. While I was covering them, the engineers made Eidolo into a real fortress. They assigned me to guard duty along the wall. So I sat there, in my bunker for days on end. Any Colonial within view was sent a friendly welcome grenade with my grenade launcher.After a day or two I really longed for home. So I began sending letters from the front. To my parents, my brother and my girlfriend. Not knowing that all my fellow soldiers could read them too. I spent nearly two weeks on guard at Eidolo. Sending letters and 'nades. Sometimes accompanied by other poor souls condemned to guard duty and sometimes alone. All the other Warden soldiers were really compassionate and even started commenting on my letters. Some recommended me for promotion. I made Corporal.Then I got some bad news. One of my fellow soldiers brought me the message that my mother left my father for uncle Tim. Although I was happy she left my alcoholic father I was wondering how she was doing. I got no reply. A short while later I got word that my mother and uncle Tim died in a fiery carcrash and that my father hanged himself. I lost it for a while and than stepped up my correspondence with my brother. The guys were happy for me, they were still reading all my letters. Then, on the 13th day, an officer stepped into my bunker. He gave me a high five. In the face. With a sledgehammer.So I got out on medical leave and could finally see Eileen again."
,Not Recommended,505460,34539399,Posted: 27 August,all,SqLy,"I was hoping for something along the lines of Command and Conquer: Renegade if anyone can recall that game.  However, I was met with just constant frustration.There is no easing in new players to any extent.  I had to go looking on YouTube for user made tutorials because the developers have not invested in this.  In game I even asked for assistance and was met with typical internet love which is sad for an Early Access game.  You would think the community would want to help pull in new players.While in game I spent a large amount of my time simply running to the front lines with the rest of my team and getting mowed down by players completely off-screen.  There is no indication if you are really hitting anyone.  I felt many players stood far back and simply shot blindly hoping to get a few kills.  Getting to the front lines took a large amount of my time so to simply die, respawn, and do it all over again got stale quickly.I feel that the developers need to review how they are pulling in new players especially since this is not an established game series and Early Access needs new players obviously."
,Not Recommended,505460,34519950,Posted: 26 August,all,a disappointment,-played since the pre-alphaWhat I Bought: FoxholeWhat I Wanted: Realistic RWRWhat I Got: Bloons TD 5
,Recommended,505460,34223983,Posted: 13 August,all,SilentAnomaly,">Be me 15>buy new game ""Foxhole"">Get in>Dont know what to do>confusion.jpeg>Walk up to a guy named kevin>kevin teaches me how to play>kevin takes me to the front>we are field engineers or sappers>we watch people die as we struggle to get a turret up to change the fight in our favor>screams.mp3>taking fire from halftrack>try to finish up turret>ohshitohshitohshitohshitohshit>turret is finished>thankthegods>me and kevin try to retreat>almost get to the bridge and its blown up by mortars>ono.mp3>we take cover and pull out our rifles>the rest of the army doesnt know we are trapped>lostbattalion.mp3>We hold the line for a good 3-5 minutes>then howitzers start droping>eeeeeeeeeeEEEEEEEEEE is what i faintly hear as me and kevin are blown to smiterenes>respawn>kevin says>""lets go back and help"">I agree and we start marching10/10best played with sabaton blaring in backround"
,Recommended,505460,34080121,Posted: 7 August,all,Wolves in the Throne Room,"before playing:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played logistics for 10hours:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　    ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　  /  /  / /             ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198050641157,Recommended,505460,34047189,Posted: 5 August,all,Balucha,"I have been following and playing this game since its very first pre alpha release a year ago. The developers are very consistent and speedy with their content updates, adding new features and toys to play with, as well as needed bug fixes and balance changes. The developers are very self aware and have an incredible vision for the game.That being said, Foxhole's execution is very unique and charming. The graphic style is a healthy mix of realism and cute, cartoony visuals that make the game look very appealing and approachable. Certain aspects of the gameplay can feel a bit repetitive, however they don't get dreary because you have a distinct feeling of contributing to the war effort. This game is a perfect example of ""cog in the machine"" style gameplay, where you won't win the game on your own, but your actions, when combined with the actions of others, build up to an overall goal, and hopefully ultimately to victory.This style of teamwork focused gameplay means that, naturally, the game is more fun with friends, although it is easy enough to use the local VOIP feature in game to coordinate with the players around you within the game. Just a small group of in-sync players can have a monumental impact on the progress of the team.One of the most welcome qualities of Foxhole is the power of the player to organically choose what role they wish to perform. The game doesn't force you to do anything you don't want to do, and you get to make the fun for yourself by doing things in the game that interest you. You can choose to be a tank crewman, combat engineer, logistics driver, combat medic, artillery operator, field commander, special force operative, or anything else that you feel like, without restriction.Like any alpha game, Foxhole has a few frustrating and hilarious bugs, but these do not typically impede gameplay and will surely be ironed out over time, considering the developers' quick update release schedule.Overall, Foxhole is one of the most enjoyable and addictive alpha games I have ever played, with reliable and communicative developers, unique team-oriented gameplay, freedom to play how you want, and an incredible ever-growing community of focused players who work together to achieve cohesion on the battlefield. Foxhole's potential for success is through the roof and it is definitely a game to pick up and lose sleep over."
,Recommended,505460,34554757,Posted: 28 August,all,Rashik,Driving a truck has never been so fun
,Recommended,505460,34553183,Posted: 28 August,all,KREKERS,Best MMO stratedgy ww2 game u can wish for.
,Recommended,505460,34749571,Posted: 4 September,all,SemenLizard54,Never have I met such a helpful and friendly community in an online game. There will always be griefers but the case of this game they are outweighed by everyone else. Even in combat scenarios I will often get into funny conversations with the enemy while we fire on each other.10/10 the RTS I've been looking for.
76561198055618015,Recommended,505460,34159476,Posted: 10 August,all,MobilizedTarget,-Collects fuel for vehicle depot and supplies Half-tracks and truck with fuel.-Informed im doing 'gods work'10/10 fuel prophet
,Recommended,505460,34411834,Posted: 22 August,all,Kaecyus,"A title that is a great play if you're willing to work as a team. I take in a good half-dozen people so we tend to make a difference, but if you're solo-ing and are not putting yourself in either a building or ferrying role, you're going to have a bad time.I wish the Discord server that Foxhole uses was a little more integrated, but beyond that it's an Early Access title that is forgiven it's issues by the moniker, but doesn't seem to want to hide behind it. While no PUBG success story, it's definitely doing well amongst the crowd that it was aimed at, myself included."
,Recommended,505460,33958915,Posted: 1 August,all,-GY6-John Wayne,">Joins game>Is informed about two fronts, Callahan and Chapel&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ eastern front it is cheeki breeki ive damke>Meets user by the name of ""Slavic Superstar"" who is executing incapitated troops with his rinky dinky pistol.>I approach him and tell him I am ready to serve the Colonial army>He tells me, ""GRAB RIFLE, LOAD RIFLE, KILL ENEMY>boyohboyrescueopressedrussianminorityincrimea.jpeg>we run into enemy base, kill everyone, and execute the incapicated>Then there is gas everywhere>So many Nazi jokes follow from germans> Slavic Superstar is screaming through his mic about how gas is for the weak and how we are strong slavic majority>He dies>Germans dont kill me, instead decide to do a fistfight>As soon as I am about to win, he pulls out a revolver and shoots meFor the Motherland"
,Recommended,505460,33982570,Posted: 2 August,all,Ranjeers,Great War Simulator
,Recommended,505460,34060261,Posted: 6 August,all,RToTheAze,"PRO's- Banter- Lots of players talking- Teamplay that I have yet to witness in another game- A strange sense of comradery, especially in locations you help defend.- Even if your not into role play, a lot of players do for a few laughs so you will hear that random dude screaming for his mother whils bleeding out.- Building bases!- Setting up traps/ambushesThis list could go on for too long, lets just say it far outweighs any con, the biggest con being griefers. Usually teamkillers and team stealing trucks of supplies usually for a crucial point of the map thats in dire need of them. But in all honesty it just depends on how serious you take the game. Its also sort of RNG based on whether or not bullets hit the enemy or not, but I honestly wouldn't have it any other way in this game.Just buy it, you will know whether or not if you like it within the refund period. I would recommend just asking if someone can show you the ropes the moment you get into a game. Most logistics players are more than willing to get you slaving away for scrap metal."
,Recommended,505460,33898227,Posted: 29 July,all,Jaws The Dalek,"Somewhere in the World War period - about 1930sArtillery shells screech around my platoon as we ride to the front - it takes 10 minutes due to dodging shells and screaming over mic at supply trucks who cut the driver off - a rare sight in this game's community. Either way, we make it into a small town, where we dismount and, amazingly, ""clear"" the town of enemies. We only find about a squad worth, and they were low on ammo.I was going to be going AFK for a second so I ordered to halt and fortify while I browsed Steam overlay for memes (nothing was going on and I was bored for a second). About a minute later, I came back. Only sandbags and some low-level walls were built, yet the enemy, somehow, bombarded my position. the most of our work was destroyed, but luckily we had time to repair as the enemy wasstillan online community, and was not coordinated enough to attack afterword. The main battle was too the east, but recon and infiltration squads found the enemy to be moving toward my position. Another platoon and a hell load of supplies showed up about 5 minutes later, and not soon after a enemy tank squad and a platoon ofsoldatenattacked my position. We had just completed the second line of defense, and we were lucky too as the tanks broke through the 1st line. We had some field pieces stationed a klick away and they were decimating supplies into the town as recon squads came out of hiding to support us from the flank. Those squads were decimated, and it was a war of attrition as supplies from both sides were come off and reinforcments were few and far between. It was only until the main battle ended, the enemy victorious, that any attention was paid to the war of trenches that was unfolding in our little town. We were pushed to the edge of the town as the Enemy bombarded us. It was only until a little supply run saved our lives. It contained much needed ammo and some men to reinforce us. We charged, and with a platoon on the way, there was little more to risk than our lives, which, when your in an online game, do not matter much. Im going to explain the battle by summing up the battle of the Ardennes:130 American doughboys went in,13 came out.Either way, we were victorious at the moment. Sadly, the enemy pushed around, assaulted our 2 flanks later in the match, and, sadly, the main allied fight had centered to the west. The enemy pushed through and assaulted our allies flank, ending the match efficiently.What do I recommend?10/10. This game is great, with a great community, great price, and great combat.Buy this. NOW."
,Recommended,505460,33959822,Posted: 1 August,all,Lane,"Day1: Joined in and was told to go to the front to salvage weapons and ammo from fallen enemys. Died after seeing the second body. Somehow ended up being logistics and the cheering heard when bringing ammo to the front lines made me realize how good this game was going to be. Turned out I spent 7 hours running ammo that night.Day2: Decided to run as an engineer building defences and calling out enemy movements. Allowed the team to hold back 3 enemy advances in our back line with early call outs and well placed defences. Later found a guy doing the same and ended up joining him to build defences on the front line. We had 6 guys joining our squad and the guys discord by the time I finished.Day3: Hitched a ride with a logistics bro to the front line. Watched as 4 trucks full of supplies get destroyed as I yell at them to not drive in. Set up a small outpost by a near by choke/flank. Turns out that was how the enemys were getting into our area to ambush our trucks. Armed with nothing but a stolen gun and 2 foxholes I took on 10 guys then 8 guys then 3 guys single handedly. These were organized squads and after seeing my trucks get ambushed this was easily the best highlight of my time playing yet I still wanted to avenge those trucks.Overall you have to want this style of game lone wolfing will punish you, not asking for help will punish you, but if you ask for a ride to the front you can avoid that 10 min walk to the fight, if you ask how to help the most someone will find something for you to do. Sometimes the teams will seem stacked as there are lots of new bros joining the game but they'll learn (see day3 above) or people will offer to teach them which does make it frustrating at times. This game may not be perfect but it is early access and problems are ACTIVELY being worked on, queues were an issue for a day at most before devs fixed it, its still not perfect but if you avoid the 40+ day servers you'll only have a few people wait. Corner sniping is an issue but even then you learn to work around it carry some binoculars and you'll see that enemy well before he sees you and can plan the attack accordingly. If you are on the fence wait for the next big update and see if its going in the direction you want. Just keep in mind 2 hours is not enough time to determine how this game is for you."
76561198002795727,Recommended,505460,33983268,Posted: 2 August,all,Dumptruck,"I do recommend this game , but only if you have a group of friends to play with. If you play alone , some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ will either steal your truck , or steal all the supplies you just spent 2 hours gathering , just to die with 10 grenades and hundreds of rounds of ammo on him. The ammo and equipment you just spent hours doing logi to make. Unfortunately , other players who are idiots can REALLY ruin the fortunes of an entire team , all the while calling YOU an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for trying to make them understand THIS IS NOT A TYPICAL WAR GAME. WHAT YOU DO MATTERS , NOT JUST TO YOU BUT TO YOUR WHOLE TEAM.Hopefully after it has been out a while all the call of duty idiots will move on.edit 8/12/17This game has grown on me more. I have discovered there are solo options , and I have really enjoyed this game so far. Since I have purchased this , I have not played anything else. Very fun and very addicting especially if you commit yourself to 1 war (server) till the finish.I was playing the colonials . Built a tank , supplied it , linked up with another tank , recruited a squad of 12 or so infantry , planned an assault over a bridge to take a fortified position. Our tanks punched a hole in the enemy line , and our infantry stormed in after to secure our gains. Worked like a charm. We took the flag , and using the resources the enemy kindly left us there , managed to win the war 2 days later."
76561197996405108,Recommended,505460,34034400,Posted: 5 August,all,HomungusPiet,"Hi there Soldiers !!THE BEST WARGAME EVER !!!ok why i scream that out, here´s why :- Best War feeling EVER- Nice Sounds and Graphics- You can´t win a Game without Logistics- Real Nice Community on Both sides- The feeling that you have to work togehter is real nice- Best Alpha i Ever Played ( and i Played many )- GREAT IDEA FOR A GAMEContras :- hmm let me Think- FOR ME only one Contra : More Squad closed Stuff needed.OK For you Newcomers in the Game:Find yourself where you want to be in the Part of this War.If you Found Something Do it with the Others.Work Together and Don´t Forget we ll have to do Logistics.Farm Stuff and help Building Defenses.But Build it Usefull. Don´t Block Streets or Spots.ASk in Chat what is Needed at the Frontlines or tell the Logistics what you need at the Frontline.STAY NICE!!!!!YOu get a lot of Help inside of the Game, you guys just need to Ask!!!And for the Veterans of the Game WHOOOARRRRRFIGHT AND DIE MY SOLDIER FRIENDSDIE IN HONORBEST WAR GAME (what i Think) THAT IT IS ON THE MARKET NOW"
76561198157957313,Recommended,505460,34093715,Posted: 7 August,all,Silvonia,"After 5 hours of gameplay, I personally felt I was ready for frontline combat. I teamed up with some halftracks, ended up driving my own. We head down in a convoy of 3 halftracks.We arrive at the frontlines with about a dozen foot soldiers, but we started being attacked before I could have ammunition loaded in. So I basically start roadkilling as many of the enemy as I can. They were not ready for that!We end up stuck inside a closed-off section and I decide to drive up to the gate and say: ""Hello Colonials. Did you order a f****** pizza delivery?!"" and the response from the Colonials is ""EAT A D***!!"" and my counter response is ""Lucky for you its D***-TOPPING! OPEN THE DAMN GATE!""At this moment, they throw gas into the area and we are trapped. I try driving away without running over my fellow Wardens, but before I could figure out how to escape, the Colonials blow up their own wall.Thankfully, my gunner already abandoned the vehicle when he realized it has no ammunition. So I charge in by myself yelling ""I GOT YOUR GOD DAMN PIZZA DELIVERY B****ES!""I ran over 8 Colonials and my engine was destroyed. So I sat there and put on the team chat ""I am a goner, good luck fellow comrades."" Soon after i blow up along with my halftrack.After roadkilling 12 enemy soldiers and destroying a lot of sandbags, my first 10 minutes of frontlines combat can be described with a few simple words:ChaoticUnforgivingRelentlessTo make this simple, this game is legitimately the ONLY multiplayer game you will ever need. The frontlines are so intense, that i can't even hear my own allies yelling out for help or suggestions since explosions and gunfire are too rampant. I don't know how that battle turned out that day. But I do know that 12 Colonials got their f****** pizzas delivered. Absolute Must-Buy!!"
76561197993255302,Recommended,505460,34146880,Posted: 10 August,all,Elephant King,"I'm sure you all can see what the gameplay is like so let me tell a story of why this game is actually fun.I was driving a transport truck full of basic materials (the stuff you build walls out of) when two of my teammates come running out of the woods frantically asking me for help over the proximity voice chat (which is an absolutely amazing feature in this game). I told them I was going to make grenades then deliver them to the front but I could still  help. I asked them what they needed. ""Bmats for Fort Thunderpants"" a man immediately slurred at me. I said, ""show me what you got."" They hopped in. I drove them for a few minutes through the snowy field until I found what I consider a much wiser use of my bmats than grenades -- a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥shaped fort with foxhole testicles and barbed wire pubes. I made 3 more supply runs to those guys before I went to bed.I also met a very nice German man from North of Munich who was interested in talking about the B-17 my grandfather flew in WW2 while we were farming scrap together.Basically, the game is as fun and interesting as you make it. It's the people and the interactions that make this game interesting and unique and enjoyable. If you enjoy games where it's all about you, or you like to play lone wolf, or you're a♥♥♥♥♥♥who doesn't like to help, then this game probably isn't for you."
76561198041504800,Recommended,505460,34165383,Posted: 11 August,all,Führer Oreo,"When I first got this game and played it I was actually planning on returning it, I didn't seem to have that good of a time.To my horror, I was over the 2h limit and was stuck with it. I'd realized that I really couldn’t play this game by myself, but I'm usually very anti-social in games and either talk to my friends, or no one.I'd tried playing a second time, and had a much more enjoyable interaction, forcing myself to talk with people and ask for help learning the game. I was met by a lot of friendly responses and had an okay time with it. After I had stopped, I decided next time I would try and do a Medic role, since I usually enjoy being a support in games.The third time playing (Today), I’d played for 5h and hardly noticed the time go by. First, I was a combat medic and after the horrible run to the front lines, I was met with death, destruction and a hell of a lot of explosions. Since I was being the medic this game though, I always had plenty to do and we managed to push past the heavy defenses we were sieging.Being a medic, I sometimes had to talk with people to tell them to get their heavily bleeding arses away from the gunfire so I could heal them. Talking with them like this let me get more relaxed and soon I was making jokes with the people I saved. Or the people I had to let bleed out since they were in too dangerous of a spot. (Sorry)When I'd noticed we had more than 4 medics not including myself in our invading force, I decided to move to the Cliffside to try some sniping and lobbing grenades down at the fools hiding behind some sandbags.After I had died, I found a few people using mortars to destroy some of the defensive buildings and decided to ask if they needed help. I ended up working logistics for them and collecting shells. Later on, I moved to working a long side them and even learned how to be a spotter for the mortars and destroy some defenses.After a horrible accident and someone losing an entire truck full of mortar shells to the enemy, we had to abandon shelling the enemies, since we were running very low and had only my truckload left.We moved to a position where we had breached a hole towards the enemy base's center, and we used the mortars to get rid of the few defences they had in place to try and fill the hole.After that, we had a 5 man spec ops mission in the middle of the night, with me as the spotter and medic. We pushed in and found the enemy base wide open to attack, but we had nothing left to destroy it with. Most of the group needed to leave after they realized they couldn’t do anything about the base so they went out like heroes by doing a flat out kamikaze into the enemies partial defences.I was about to go to bed myself when a truck full of HE nades showed up so I offered to show him the way so he could get a team in the base and destroy it. We got in and I realized just how easy it was to get to the base with nades so i decided to stay and help. We made it back out for the grenades and the enemies were sealing off the hole we made so I threw some smokes and we ran past them. After a short run with all the grenades I could carry, me and the other guy made it to the base and blew it up with just the two of us. After that I was too tired to keep going and had to get off though.TLDR: 10/10 would do crazy fun stuff again. Worth the money, even if you don't have friends you will totally make some. Also sorry for the awfully written story if you actually read it."
,Recommended,505460,34375466,Posted: 20 August,all,Isime,"I don't have a lot of screen time on this one.. 15 hours currently..How did i miss this game?  I found it on WorthaBuy and its the best 19.99 I have spent.The community is great.. not awesome but great.. there are some team killers, idiots etc.. but majority of the people are nice and helpfull.  This game is confusing at first and can get boring at times..Server population is up and down..View distance and camera angle needs to be enhanced a bit..You can actually role play as well..I look forward to more intense battles and what the devs have to coming in future updates."
76561198289941590,Recommended,505460,34385574,Posted: 20 August,all,Shadow King,"This game is really fun, the community is amazing, and it's worth it. I highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,505460,33858900,Posted: 28 July,all,Afrikan~Pharaoh,"Game is awesome even in early access. The only complaints i have is you do need vehicle ownership that you can allow only yourself to drive and veiw and exchange the inventory out. I had started off with a truck and someone jumped inside because it wasn't locked and they drove off with it. The second incident was i jumped out of the truck to unload scraps and put them inside the manufactering plant and someone ran up and took a few hundred scaraps from the truck. I understand this is a co=op game but, when people act goofey or unsupposrive it becomes a nuisance to allow everyone to just do what they wish when you're trying to get something important accomplished."
,Recommended,505460,33873962,Posted: 28 July,all,omar_uav,a pretty nice game although still in alpha
,Recommended,505460,33892570,Posted: 29 July,all,Clam-O,"I do not usually review games but, I feel inclined to review this game. I bought Foxhole yesterday so I am quite recent to the game (i've played RWR-Running With Rifles) and this has a similar feel, therefore catching my interest immediately. The games mechanics are quite solid even for Alpha Build. Big firefights are absolutely amazing (reminder you can have up to 120 people on a server, it's crazy...) having to do tasks for the higher ranking is quite fun as well lol, fixing machines, fixing walls, gates, building defenses (depends on playstyle of course) if you want to be Animal Mother off Full Metal Jacket, go for it. If you want to be a engineer and go around the map assisting friendly vehicles, go for it. If you want to set up Mortar Teams, Specialist Teams, Artillery Squads, you can do that too.  Gather some friends/randoms and start a tank squad? Now, think about a modding community for this game as-well, mods for different things like factions, guns? I don't know what the limit is, so I will leave it at that(would probably require specific modded servers) Oh & the community is quite friendly too, i've already met alot of nice people on the Baker 1 server.  You can assault compounds, defend cities, drive a tank over your foes, watch massive firefights where many of your friends get mowed down, medics actually doing their job (crazy I know) HMG's spitting bullets, halftracks with crazy gunners (similar to the Door Gunner on FMJ lol) flying in running over people shooting at anything that moves... all in all, good game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,505460,33981182,Posted: 2 August,all,PC Master Race,"Great game so far, most people get along well in this game. I do wish that they would make it where once you join a team you can not switch untill the end of the war to keep ""spys"" from infiltrating."
76561198112189287,Recommended,505460,33982697,Posted: 2 August,all,GloryToArstotzka,"This game is damn near a masterpiece. On top of the obvious ability to contribute to the war effort by doing anything near productive, there are also options for people who really do want to strike out on their own. I do not know what the other reviews are talking about, but as a lone wolf, you can mostly work logistics by transporting supplies, building tools and ammunition, act as a saboteur of enemy outposts, and several other opportunities. However, there are a couple problems in which I think can hinder the hell out of the gameplay :- Enemies should not be able to access any friendly defenses, such as foxholes. The reason for this is because it is extremely hard to get an enemy out of the foxhole or cover without the help of explosives, as they can simply jump in and just start shooting.- Any vehicles that can be locked should be unlocked if a player leaves the server or is a certain distance away from their vehicle. This is because a bunch of locked vehicles that no one can use are left around the place, and is very inconvenient for people that really need them. I get locking vehicles in order to prevent trolls from taking them and such, but consider my revision.- Vehicle Factories, Scrapyards, and Manufacturing facilities should ALL be in the same town, at least one town, most likely the main one. It is very annoying to have to travel to another town entirely in order to build a Vehicle.That is pretty much all of my critiquing, other than that, the gameplay is astoundingly wonderful and immersive, the supplies having to be made by the players themselves is not only an awesome aspect, but grants an extra role to those who do not always want to be on the front lines. As for battle itself, it is amazing when squads work together towards a common goal. All in all, the game is one of my top favorite to play, and becomes addicting as hell to play once you get the gist of it."
,Recommended,505460,33987010,Posted: 3 August,all,Heavy Crusher ▁ ▂ ▃ ▄,"really well done game,very realistic battle game and sandbox,i heave so much fun playing it,u dont beleave me?,try it,the cost price is worth"
76561198125815942,Recommended,505460,34454415,Posted: 24 August,all,MythicalDust,"I don't know how to describe it. It feels like the battles matter. Either because you know the people you're fighting with, or because of the time it took to get your equipment. It feels like you have to protect your team, I guess. I don't know what else to say. It's great. Definitely try it. Also it's great if you want to meet new people."
76561198118989007,Recommended,505460,34469752,Posted: 24 August,all,papa rabbi,"Alright, storytime.-Be in a squad of confused misfits picked off the side of the road-Get ordered to rush and capture an enemy bridge before it was in more pieces than a chihuahua's mental state-Successfully cross and hold bridge after losing about half our men-artillery.jpeg-thatsdefinitleynotourartillery.png-Whats left of our squad ducks for what little cover remains as bullets whizz overhead-Sgt dies-Medic dies-Retreat to bridge-hot damn-There ain't no bridge left-4 men are stuck on the enemy's side of the river-Engineers are frantically repairing the bridge on friendly ground-wehavetohold.midi-Any hope of survival is now farther completely disintegrated-T H E Y   G O T   T A N K SUnsuprisingly, the engineers didn't finish the bridge in time."
,Recommended,505460,33957575,Posted: 1 August,all,KyleADunn,"Honestly the most fun I've had in a long time. I've owned it for only a few days and have clocked in a 10 hour session and a 6 hour session, plus random smaller sessions.I was a Lance Corporal, alone at a forward base defended only by a few sandbags. I used the bmats I had to build a few more, and settled in for the long night. Enemies came, and  I managed to hold the position, but still the logistics officer would send me no supplies. A Couple of guys (a private and a corporal) happened upon my position, and after hearing the severeity of the situation, decided to help me hold out. We fended the enemy off a few times, eventually getting a truck load of weapons, shirts (spawns), ammo, and building materials. We oversaw the construction of a fully build forward base, with large walls, pill boxes, secure shirts and munitions depots. Our squad ended up being 10-15 guys, and we were the only group to take 2 enemy bases and fortify them, too. 10 hours, from start to finish.This is an amazing game, but not for those who don't enjoy team work. The combat and crafting systems are simple enough, and balanced. HIGHLY recommended."
76561198192580328,Recommended,505460,34160875,Posted: 10 August,all,SeaCaptain,We took prisoners and they danced for us 10/10 literally best tactical game I've ever played.
76561198164302634,Recommended,505460,34401776,Posted: 21 August,all,kilroy115,"Probably one of the better multiplayers out there today. Great setting that provokes a feeling of WWI and WWII while still allowing the game to have it's own lore. Very active community that is growing each day and offering to help new players. (Not saying you won't have your bad apples, just that they aren't the majority at all.)When they say that each and every player can change the outcome of the war and contributes to the whole, they mean it. There are so many small and big ways that you can contribute to your team that I almost feel like it's harder to not help. The players make or rebuild practically everything. You can collect materials to provide weapons and supplies for the war effort, or use those materials to go off and build impressive defensive lines. It's up to you what role you play and how helpful you are to the team.To sum it up, all I can say is this. Get in the game, give it a shot. Make some friends and discover what I feel is really a jem of a game."
,Recommended,505460,34428167,Posted: 22 August,all,Space Guy,First hour of gameGo on front linesJoin up with 20 or so othersKill like 8 enemiesAdrenaline rushPush upGet in defensive positionEnemy grenadeOh noKills everyoneRespawnGo back up to front lineAnother enemy grenadeWe're all deadAgainRinse and repeat.
,Recommended,505460,34456420,Posted: 24 August,all,TiGNLEY,"Honnestly the best game i have played in years. First time i see people actually playing together and not trolling one another because it dont take long to get your♥♥♥♥♥banned from a server if you play like a troll.. Besides that, the game is just freakin awesome! It has a little bit of everything for everyone. If you like to farm mats or build or go to war it has it all here. Give it a try you will not regret it !"
76561198081418004,Recommended,505460,34470575,Posted: 24 August,all,TheiceFlameZ,Amazing game and concept!! If you are tired of just fighting wars on the fronts and feel like contributting to the war effort in another way then this is the game for you!!! The people (Logistics) who supply the men at the front are the backbone of the army.
76561198063192362,Recommended,505460,33880072,Posted: 29 July,all,Jebediah The Drunk,"I spawn into a small map called fishermans row, which ahs two 'frontlines'. a small crossroads to the north east which has devolved into trench warfare and a large no mans land, and a town in the north west witha  bridge in the middle. The bridge becomes the definition of a chokepoint, with neither side gaining an advantage. At least hundreds of men must've died on it. To break the stalemate, our team has a dedicated squad determined to gather enough research to create artillery technology. Unfortunately, the enemy seemed to have had the same idea, and before we know it, They have complete control of the bridge. So, we gather whats left of our resources and launch one final assault on the bridge, planting satchel charges. The bridge is destroyed and we leave a small dedicated squad determined to prevent any repairs. Our attention is drawn east, to the no mans land. After hours of building fortifications, repelling attacks, scouting missions, and a few close calls, we've set up a strong FOB. Before i knew it, it was 3 in the morning, and i was staring out at no mans land waiting for an enemy attack with 3 americans and a fellow brit, having some of the best banter experienced in my life.I cant remember the last game i bought where i played 12 hours straight without a break. Whilst it can be a tad confusing at first when you're flung into the game, you'll find that even after around an hour of playing you'll have all but gotten the hang of it. The best thing about the game in my opinion, is that teamwork isnt just essential, its inevitable. Random players will step up to lead logistics teams, co-ordinate, or man defensive positions. The camradery is astounding, and even if you're not necessarily good at something, or are short on supplies, it doesn't matter, because someone else has got your back.The only drawbacks or flaws i can think of is that the top down view can get a bit annoying at times, especially in combat, but i can acknowledge its usefullness and why the devs stuck with it. There was also a problem with a troll who kept teamkilling with vehichles, but he was banned within the hour. All in all, this game is really fun, and even doing minor things still makes you feel like you're having a large helpful impact on your team in the long run. I'd reccomend this."
76561198147304817,Recommended,505460,33892667,Posted: 29 July,all,BoosterNRG,"Wow... I downloaded this game thinking to myself, ""Why the hell not?"" and damn is it fun. The community is amazing; kind, helpful, and immersive. You will find squad leaders who really make you wanna get into the action and make rousing pre battle speeches. They really get you pumped and excited for the action to come, even if it all goes south and you all end up as corpses under the sunny sky. This review will be a particularly touching story that I will never forget.I stumbled upon a lance corporal who had decided to gather some men and take lead them into the heat of battle. Everyone was saying that it wasn´t the time and we had to build, and they were probably right, but to hell with it, I wanted a taste of the action, so I eagerly stepped up. I was followed by two others who rightfully chose to walk down the path of honor with us. We set out on the hunt for some enemies, though moments later, as we were snagging our way through some concealing hedgerows, we received intel that the enemy, the Wardens, were assailing our outpost en masse. At the time we were to the south of our base we concluded it would be wise to strike at the attacking forces´ unprotected belly with the lethal element of surprise and our trusty rifles. After some exhausting advancement we were greeted by a hail of machine gun fire that streaked through the night as piercing crimson projectiles. I witnessed my comrade be torn to pieces by the unexpected barrage, and a moment after I heard my dedicated squad leader´s torso be riddled with bullet holes from the brutal onslaught. His near lifeless body collapsed to the now blooded soil as he whispered his last breath in our country´s name. My penultimate associate didn´t live to see it as he too had been the victim of precise rifle discharges. As the only one left I grit my teeth and took aim at the nearest target. I could see him snarling under his helmet as we exchanged round after round.  He quickly took cover behind his truck to reload. I prepared to charge him, yet I could not move. I looked down at my chest to see several red stains quickly spreading on my uniform. Unable to keep steady I crashed to the ground, dead. With the little strength that still lurked within me I opened my mouth and yelled as loud as I could, ""DEATH TO THE WARDENS!""As I respawned, I saw all my squadmates and said to them, ""Well, that went♥♥♥♥♥♥"""
76561198007165194,Recommended,505460,34154774,Posted: 10 August,all,[38NC.H]Patrick World-Star,"Its pretty good but it needs a lot of balancing. It turns into a game of Age of Empires where you just build a bunch of crap manned by AI (super annoying because they are basically spammed) and keep pushing forward building more structures to create a foothold, and thats basically the only way any progress is made.It's definitely fun, but once you realize all the balance issues with what i just mentioned, all well as logistics roles and everything else you start to get annoyed.I definitely recommend it because of how great the devs are i belive they are going to really listen, as theyve already addressed the issue with AI controlled structures, just as an example.So if youre on the fence, maybe wait. But if it looks good to you, youll definitely enjoy it at least for a little bit, and then you can return when they change some of the annoying things."
,Recommended,505460,34396948,Posted: 21 August,all,Kiro,"Such a fantastic game! Communities on servers are great and when you find the perfect one for you that's team oriented and actually focus on the war and not on the individual, it really turns into a great time.  I can see myself playing this for a LONG Time."
76561197983398577,Recommended,505460,33933121,Posted: 31 July,all,forcecomdr,"I love the concept of this game, however some of the way things are done makes it hard to get into it.This game is all about ""the greater good"", the problem with that is even though you may in fact be helping,  it rarely feels satisfying or fulfilling.It takes a good amount of basic mats to make anything, and you can only carry 99 or so without being encumbered so you either walk everywhere slowly or have to make a vehicle. You can ride with other people but the odds of them going where you want are slim and if you jump out of a moving truck you'll die.The game itself doesn't tell you which supplies are needed where, you have to rely on players to communicate it, which is rare.The building and gathering is ... okCombat feels clunky and akward, most of the time you're getting shot at by someone off screen that you can't even see.Every play session thus far goes something like this.Log in, gather scrap, refine it, make a truck, gather more scrap, refine it, make supplies, drive supplies to a base,go gather more scrap, refine it, make supplies, drive it to a base, get ambushed, die and lose truck and all my stuff.Stare at the game and realize i just spent 70 min delivering 6 itemsWonder if everything i just did was worth a damn as all my hard work can vanish from one person grabbing a bunch of stuff and running out to die and losing it.Try to figure out if i had any funLog off.I really want to like this game, and i keep trying, but everything feels like a chore. Each time i play i just end up saying ""what's the point"" and logging off.I'm giving it a thumbs up only because i can't give it a ""it's ok"" rating. The game isn't bad persay, but it may not be for everyone."
,Recommended,505460,34466717,Posted: 24 August,all,Ray,this game is so much fun
,Recommended,505460,33978719,Posted: 2 August,all,Collision,"Oh my god. I could not recommend this game enough to you filthy people who have not bought it yet. Honeslty.1. If you like feeling apart of a team and making goals and accomplishing them as a team, then you need to get this game.2. If you like pushing against the enemy front lines, killing said enemy, then walking over their wounded corpes as you are about to execute them and they beg for mercy, then you need to get this game.3. If you like supporting your team through a more logistical, non-violent manner(for all you pascifist out there), then you need to get this game.4. If you love constructing amazing bases and setting up defenses for you and others to use to defend against an enemy attack, then you need to get this game.Literally. Just get this game.I know there are some negative reviews on this game saying ""not enough people"" or ""nobody actually uses teamwork in this game"". Well, out of all my hours of gameplay in this game, I have not ran into that once so I have no idea what the hell those nut cases are talking about. Come join me on the battlefield, and wipe the stinky Wardens off the face of this game."
,Recommended,505460,34060020,Posted: 6 August,all,Crawnic,If you ever wanted to be the soldier in an RTSThis is the game for you.
,Recommended,505460,34083390,Posted: 7 August,all,[WK] Keragon,"This game has a lot of potential and I've been with it for a long time now during the pre-alpha to it's going public on steam for the official alpha.  I was very excited for the release and it's been great for traffic in the game, albeit a bit tough dealing with all the new players.There is a lot to do in the game, and the idea of a continuous war sounds great on paper, but it's highly agitating when teams to come in at night when it's quiet and sweep the map, undoing all of your hard work that day.  People do lame things such as using an account to log into the enemy team, steal supplies and then walk them over to their main team.  People join the discord on the enemy team voice and listen to comms to get inside information on what's happening and gain a tactical advantage.  Then there is just the regular dudes who spend 14 bucks to get banned while they run around shooting every friendly they can find.There is absolutely zero in game co-ordination right now.  Currently that consists of local voice which is spotty at best, and a team and squad chat channel which very few people pay attention to because they are busy fighting.  The discord channels sometimes have people in them, but usually not the right people and it just turns into 15 people talking over each other and swearing every time they die.  It would be nice to have some proper roles set up (Commander, squad leader, medic etc.), as well as voice channels for each of those to encourage roles to be filled and teamwork to happen.  There is a HUGE lostistical train that needs to be filled with very little means to organize and co-ordinate it.Typical online game stuff right?  The game is figuring out what direction it wants to go and how to ballance stuff, and that's great, it will get there one day.  Right now it's a bit rough on the edges and if you just play with your own crew and ignore the main battle you will have a lot of fun.  If you try and focus on winning the war, your going to get stressed out pretty quickly at the lack of co-ordination and how much luck is in that equation versus team skill and strategy.Oh and also, I've had lagg issues throughout the Pre-Alpha but they were rare enough I could deal with it.  Since the game went Alpha I have had game breaking lagg and the game is un-playable for me now.  I cannot stay connected to a server for more than a couple of minutes before the server times me out.  This is an issue exclusive to this game and I've contacted the Dev's on it and never really heard much back about it.  I'm tapping out of the game for now until that gets resolved.Gingerly, I give this a reccomended.  Maybe I'm just burnt out, but I had a lot of fun with it for the first 300 hours in the pre alpha, so I'm sure you can too."
,Recommended,505460,34138262,Posted: 9 August,all,Lumen,"This game is a huge time sink and is very fun. People encourage teamwork and co-operation, and actively seek to punish selfish and greedy players. Games go on for a long time and doing things other than fighting feels very rewarding.Don't make the same mistake I made, look at foxhole videos for beginners and learn a few things or else you'll be really confused on your initial playthrough."
76561198412371226,Recommended,505460,34453377,Posted: 23 August,all,Ken_from_Hawaii,"Very cool sandbox war game.  The community is generally very helpful, and the dev team have been pretty awesome with the streams, and updates.  9/10 would pay full price."
76561198264780976,Recommended,505460,33850000,Posted: 28 July,all,Astronootao,"Short and sweet: Best example of Teamwork makes the Team WorkA bit salty: Game as it is right now after Early Access release is very stressful for new players. Its actually a very straight-forward and open game if theres communication. However, as there is NO PROPER INGAME TUTORIAL the new player who longs into a war for the first time will know very little. They will have to rely on youtube vidoes, Steam Guides, or Discord for help.Beyond that the game is amazing. Bugs do happen, some new bugs appear with updates too yet I havent seen one serious bug the devs havent solved as quickly as they can. Combat is not run and gun but rather steady groups who stay together and react to threats quickly. Veer off from your combat group and die alone. The community is very nice and rapidly growing especially in Discord where you can voice concerns or comments with the devs themselves. Vehicles require time and patience to outfit and prepare but once they are on the battlefield they can sway the tide.Get this game if you love team work, base-building or supplying.If youre a solo player who doesnt like to talk I reccommend either changing that habit, getting just 1 or 2 friends to play with you or waiting till a ingame tutorial is in place."
,Recommended,505460,33862236,Posted: 28 July,all,Stalker The English Dragon,"This review is mainly a focus on the amazing community this game seems to have gathered.I've been playing on multiple campaign servers and I just cannot express enough how friendly the people there are.They help you, they heal you, they revive you. They communicate, they work as a team and they have a good laugh when the time calls for it.The game is utterly brilliant in itself but, if you were worried about the community - don't. The atmosphere is brilliant!"
76561198330217100,Recommended,505460,33901110,Posted: 30 July,all,CHEEKI BREEKI,"Here's a game that deserves to be called a 'war game'.Foxhole is one of those games that actually make you realise how war actually is and how hard it is to even gain 2 feet of ground from the enemy. The game has heavy emphasis on teamwork where the game revolves primarily on resource management, shared among all the other players in a server. This means that resources need to be gathered and is the very foundation of the game. No resources means you'll eventually lose and because of that, keeping a consistent refinement and production is absolutely needed. These resources willl then be used for building structures, vehicles, producing weapons etc.Now let's talk about combat. Since the game is from a top-down perspective, your vision and aim is limited to only what you see on screen added with line of sight which can be blocked by objects or other players. This adds to the challenge but it also means you won't really get sniped and lose 20 guys to 1 lone camper far far away from you. This forces the idea of frontal assaults and strategy which is a core part of the combat. The way the combat is designed is to create a back and forth sort of action so if you're ever contesting for a town, it's gonna take a huge amount of time and resources.Best part about the game though? The devs who listen and the less-than toxic community. Gotta love the community.11/10 would take 5 hours irl just to take over a town again"
76561198046447245,Recommended,505460,33922464,Posted: 31 July,all,Kit Ballard,"Charging into an enemy Foxhole,heavy casualties on both sides,including me. We won and lost that fight,the only person alive was an enemy Medic,i screamed out of pain and laughter and begged him to revive me. He did and he was scared for his life cause i had a loaded SMG. I Laughed and told him that this was my best experience ever.10/10 freaking amazing"
,Recommended,505460,33938350,Posted: 31 July,all,The Snow Frog,"I am blown away by this game. I have long been waiting for a war game where the whole logistics chain is simulated and the dynamics of the combat is more realistic; and this has delivered. Foxhole pits you in a war where the players alone dictate what is happening; where you must fight for every inch of ground; where the people driving the logistics trucks are as important to the overall effort as the infantry.""There is nothing more common than to find considerations of supply affecting the strategic lines of a campaign and a war.""- Carl von ClausevitzYou play on huge maps and the fight for vital supply areas, crossroads, towns and bridges can take hours; or even days of constant, non-stop fighting. Yes, days, just like in real life. I have not seen any other game where the whole ""war as a meat grinder you feed bodies and resources in"" thing is as realistic. Every victory is hard won through blood, sweat and tears; and every defeat is dramatic.You not only have your basic infantry weapons like rifles, carbines, SMG's and assault rifles; but also a variety of crew-served fire support weapons like a wheeled AA gun, wheeled indirect-fire artillery, mortars and howitzers that can provide crucial help at a critical moment to win a decisive battle. And those weapons need to be built with materials; and their ammunition must be shipped to them from the factories, making logistics once again all-important. Whitout the shells for the howizters, ammunition for the rifles, gas for the tanks and respawns for the players; the entire machine breaks down like the German Wehrmacht during WW2. Which makes supply lines, and their safety, paramount.""Gentlemen, the officer who doesn't know his communications and supply as well as his tactics is totally useless.""- Gen. George S. Patton, USADon't get me wrong by thinking that this game is just about truck driving and resource gathering, far from it. The logistics players are the minority of the army; the vast majority are boots on the ground. The combat is absolutely brutal and large battles are ferocious meat grinders; you will not be a rambo, but part of a team that must work together to accomplish anything. Fighting at night-time, is a hair-raising heart-pumping experience; and fighting in urban areas truly makes you appreciate just how hard it is in real life as you fight street by street, room by room, inch by inch. Small unit special operation actions are absolutely possible and may have great effect if directed at a vulnerable part of the enemy's supply chain.Even if it's still Early Access and things are rough around the edges, things feel just right. This game is amazing, get it."
,Recommended,505460,33958186,Posted: 1 August,all,Nomad,"Very good game, 100% recommend we need more reinforcements."
,Recommended,505460,34007491,Posted: 3 August,all,Mikgau,"Still a lot of issues and bugs with this game, but it's looking really good so far, works as advertised."
76561198061171131,Recommended,505460,34093141,Posted: 7 August,all,JustDrew,"DISPATCHES 3rd Night of Playing DOG3 'Callaghans Passage'We finally breached the gate and half the squad of random players go down in a hail of bullets. Me and the other two unlucky survivors huddle behind a rusted tank, screaming in terror as a Frag gets lobbed over and lands at our feet. We all perish but in our dying moments as the smoke clears we see the enemy FOB. Guarded by pop up turrets and foxholes. This will, for the next two hours be our objective.We respawn and call for smokes, gas and satchel charges. With fortitude restored we advance as aquaitances of a shared experience. We die horrible deaths, gas, frags and executions are just a few.Finally supplies arrive, we gear up again and again. 8 men advance, 2 with smokes and 2 with satchel charges the other 4 riflemen providing cover. We die as friends.We rearm once again, this time the smokes get laid and we rush the FOB, enemy soldiers spawning above us, SMGs ripping people apart; confusion reigns. Men falling wimpering as they die. Both of us with satchels get to the FOB, enemy soldiers jumping through the smoke above us not aware of what we were trying to do.Satchel charge deploying...c'mon, C'mon, C'MON. Enemy soldiers now aware of the attack jump from the FOB firing pistols through the smoke.BEEP ""5 seconds to detonation."" Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I did it and so did 'Overwatch' my buddy, Run...... we shout in unison.We sprint from the FOB through the clearing smoke as the first satchel charge explodes, FOB survives, we hurdle over sandbags as enemy soldiers continue to jump from the FOB, my satchel charge explodes, BOOM!! chunks of earth, snow and concrete envelope my view. FOB is gone! we both survived as did two others from the eight man squad. We're not randoms anymore we're brothers in arms.10/10 Would run through smoke to certain death and glory again."
76561198070666224,Recommended,505460,34133309,Posted: 9 August,all,War Cardinal,"I love this game and I will tell you of my first war that lasted 9 hours.Day 1:I wasnt sure how to play the game so I followed a group of 6 men into Petripi brige shooting at Warden Scum, We all died within a couple of minutes I realized this game was more difficult than I thought, yet I wouldnt give up I kept on assulting that bridge all day and night respawning and dieing with no tatics except running in and dieing.Day 2:I figured that charging in wasn't the best Idea anymore, So I stayed back talking to Vetreans and listening to them barrage across the bridge all day and night destroying enemy foritfications, I wanted to be like them some day.Day 3:We took the other side of the bridge and spent most of this day building defenses to stop thier pushDay 4:We charged out with a half track and 10 men trying to assult and establish a FOB (I learned new vocabulary as well) ontop of Liberity hill), after establishing the FOB we abadon it as they counter attacked towards are bridge The next two days were spent defending that bridgeDay 7:Bposch, a man in my server discovered that the enemy hadnt fortified in front of liberity hill, so ten of us went thier and led supply raids and we had the coolest battle I have ever seen, we all died it was heroicDay 8:After the news spread that liberty hill was undefended most of our troops and stopped pushing from peptri and went to Liberity hill, there we sat defending for days upon days.Day 11:An enemy half track rolled up but supplys were low so it was 20 guys with pistols vs a half track we stood in foxholes and killed that half track then one of my fellow soliders made the joke ""Luckly it wasnt a full track :D"", best joke Ive heard so farDay 12:I decided I would switch it up and went on logistics for a while I met a man named Phil, we spent days running supplies back and forth towards liberty hill and we resupplyed extremely with shirts and ammunition.Day 16:I was on a supply run back from peptri where I was shot from a squad of Warden, lost all my shirts, was really upset they got behind our lines.Day 17:I was ordered to bring 4 boxs of HE gernades to help on our final assult on thier town hall, so I hitched a ride from someone and brought those HE GernadesDay 18:it was night theyre was 30 of us all at liberty hill are Sgt. found a path behind thier defenses to thier town hall, so we packed up 30 of us medics in the back gernades in front with 2 half tracks to attack thier front to distract them. As we rolled out many said this was the most epic thing they have ever done in the game I have never seen such a coordinated attack with people I just met, we rolled out behind thier lines and had the coolest battle that lasted through day and night, those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s killed Porkkie Pie, After destroying thier town hall we sat around not knowing why the war didnt end, we needed a CV, so phil brought a cv and as we built thier townhall into ours Lone wolf started playing ""Take On Me' that was our victory athem, 30 soliders all talking and singing ""take on me""I love this game bc of stuff like this thank you guys for giving me stories to live through and tell 10/10 !!"
76561198080453822,Recommended,505460,34192758,Posted: 12 August,all,TheKagarin,"Only 4 hours in but I can already tell I'm gonna lose many hours in this game.It's hard to describe what kind of game it is, it's almost one of a kind! There's two ways you can play, as a resource gatherer/supply runner/base builder, or as a dog of war fighting on the front lines.As far as alphas in steam early access go, this is one of the most complete games I've played in such states, I myself haven't ran into any glitches but I have seen people get stuck in place before a few times.Highly reccommend playing with a mic, it helps the experience!Definitely an addicting game thats hella cheap and will only get better from here!"
,Recommended,505460,33919425,Posted: 30 July,all,Comrade Prip,"Where to start. Let's start on day one...I log into to the world, joining the colonials faction. After about twenty minutes trying to figure out where the front line is and wandering aimlessly through the wilderness. I manage to run into a bout five other colonials. JackHammer(as he is known) is devising a plan. Apparently they have been getting probed by enemy recon advances and he wants to fortify the place. i suggest a patrol to watch for enemy advances and Rush suggests getting guys to run logistics. Jack creates a squad and appoints us as officers, Rush is in charge of engineering and defence building. I am in charge of three guys. Off we go, I say to them we are the first line. Im sure they roll their eyes but they follow me. We hit the southern side of Baronstown when a shot rings out, we run for the bushes and hide. I loose sight of my comrades and rounds coming up range intensifies. I think I have the enemy so I ob a grenade, killing my own squad by accident. Eventually they return and we get to a good sized 20 man platoon. This is day one.Day twoi log in, expecting to go back to the front. Step out onto  a road and nearly get run over by a truck. Ask the guy for a lift and he says he's headed to Solas so I tag along, hoping to get to see some action. Things change though. Zanz is driving supplies to the front so I offer to help him unload and create supplies. We drive back, spending thirty minutes gathering supplies and ask who needs what where. As we drive back from one run we run into an enemy ambush, four soldiers and a halftrack. The destroy the trunck but Zanz and I managed to get out of there with our skins attached somehow. Off to steal a truck and start it over again.This game said it needed teamwork and I thought pfft just like every other game that says that. But here I actually found myself actively engaging in teamwork, asking were I was needed and who needed what.Great game!"
,Recommended,505460,33938615,Posted: 31 July,all,gayallday420,This game is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,505460,34199960,Posted: 12 August,all,Echo,"=== Edit: 11 Sept 2017 ===Like many Early Access games, however, Foxhole suffers from its fair share of trolls, griefers and exploiters. Folks who will be unable to grasp even the most basic strategies (like not running straight at the enemy MG turret). Folks who will shoot your truck to death to try to make you stop and give them a ride, despite already being full. Folks who will phase through the smallest gaps in walls by seemingly climbing up nothing.There's also recently been a shift with the servers, meaning that instead of having lots of regional servers at half capacity, we now have 1 or 2 that are always queue to join and the rest are as good as empty.Suppose what I'm saying is buyer beware. Foxhole remains an excellent idea, but is fraught with the frustrations and problems of early access. I'm interested to see what the devs do, but am becoming increasingly cautious with experience of other early access developments (looking at you, DayZ) .=== Original Review Below ===It's easy to think of War as an abstract concept. But War is People.Some People command. They sit up in their HQs, pouring over maps. They shout over radios, shout in person, lead from the front. They get People going where they need to be.Some People shoot. They dig in, they push, they fall back. They build, they destroy. They Kill. If our People remove some of their People, it's a good day.Some People move goods. They mine, they refine, they craft, they drive. They keep our people supplied, and build up the lines behind.Me? I move People. You're a fresh faced rookie headed to the Front? I got ya. You're a veteran squad redeploying to another front? That's cool. You're a grim-faced spec-ops carrying 4 kilos of satchel charges behind enemy lines? I'll do my damndest to get you there.Most games depict the shooting, the action, without worrying about the behind-the-scenes. But when every round fired, every bunker defended, every respawn used has been Mined, Refined and Built by your fellow players?Foxhole really makes you appreciate the people you're fighting with. They're not just random strings of characters, to be fought and never seen again. They matter."
,Recommended,505460,33957418,Posted: 1 August,all,Azure,Large scale teamwork based game with a nice graphics style and interesting point of view to make the gameplay unique.
,Recommended,505460,34091373,Posted: 7 August,all,Backwardsdog,"We spend the first 4 hours of our game never seeing a single enemy, just running supplies and men back and forth between 3 different locations, all the while hearing sporadic gunfire to the east. Then the town we were in got it's first taste of combat as roughly 6 enemy soldiers tried to make their way past our defenses. It was an intense firefight that not everyone survived. The town remained in our hands  but we had taken heavy loses and running low on much needed supplies.The entire game plays like what you just read above; it's tense, strategic and oftentimes you will find yourself in way over your head. Thankfully the community has been nothing but helpful and friendly.One caveat i would like to give: If you are the type of person that doesn't enjoy communicating with people and wants to do some lone wolf action, this game is probably nota good choice for you. Without some basic manners and communication skills, you will not even get rides to the next town.Don't buy this game if you are a♥♥♥♥♥♥or troll. Buy this game if you enjoy strategic gameplay and cooperating with people."
76561198072762860,Recommended,505460,34036895,Posted: 5 August,all,SeedBox,"Game is tooooons of fun and has pleeenty to keep you occupied. However, a fair warning to all new buyers. All the marketing you see related to this game is just action-action-action, crazy-crazy. It is, that happens on the frontline, but once you first come in and have no idea wtf you're doing.. you MIGHT just get bored and be like, ""this isn't what I expected!"". That feeling stuck with me for a day until I learned how to play then trust me action just comes to you. You need to spend a day or two to get acquainted with which bases is which, where frontlines usually are, what to do, when to do, that sort of stuff. Day 1, I'd just spawn at base, spend 20 minutes running towards what I thought was front, then get run over by someone and loose all interest to play. Day 2, you learn to stay on side of road, not middle, and to ask for transport to get to the front in like 2-3 minutes! Just have some patience with it, dissapointing stuff may happen(like I spent around 30 min building up a half-track just to have a random enemy drive off with it), you learn to avoid things like this and how to. Players in general are very helpful and friendly, have not met personally a proper griefer and just in general community seems to be very big(I mean almost all servers I see are full all the time).Nice concept of a game, love the seamless integration of the two sides of war into one mode. (frontline fighting and doing a crap-load of logistics and base building; not restricted or anything to how much you build or anything like that)*EDIT* This game has a VERY BAD PUNISH SYSTEM. You can literally KICK ANYONE YOU WANT/REPRIMAND ANYONE YOU WANT WITH NO RESTRICTION. And people follow like sheep. SO if you dislike someone, someone dislikes you they can just kick you randomly and quickly type in chat, please kick he's doing this and that and people WILL KICK without bothering to see if it's a lie or not. I tried myself and was a victim myself. You get banned for one hour from all servers if you are unfortunate victim of this. As a personal example, someone kept shooting at my truck so I warned him and after no success I popped one in his head. So he just kicked me, said nothing. 1 minute later, I was banned for one hour. This one thing almost made me quit the game because I realised I could do this myself to ANYONE and vice-versa. This thing is so major for me that I'm thinking of changing review to negative. Also for reprimands, that's your character rank being lowered, for no reason. Anyoooone can reprimand for nooo reason whatsoever. And if the troll has a buddy troll then you have NO CHANCE. Two people lying against one that is being honest will make that honest person seem like the troll. Seriously, I kick someone, and type in chat that X is a troll(when he isn't). X says in chat that he is not and I am lying. My friend then joins in and says X is a real troll and he's been messing us up. Now that there are two against one, everyone will freak out and enter sheep mode and mass kick that one person. Now imagine it was you playing casually, enjoying game and then this happens BECAUSE OF A TROLL. It's like witnessing a murder, but then police arrest you for murder and as you're being driven away you're watching murderer chill there laughing with his hands all bloody n stuff."
,Recommended,505460,34057506,Posted: 6 August,all,Super-Saiyajim,Best Solid EA Game out there!
,Recommended,505460,34086101,Posted: 7 August,all,Ravelord Nito,"Here's what I think about this game:PROS:-It's one of the best top down shooters I've played in a while.-There's literally never a dull moment in-game. There's buildings to build, materials to collect, and battles to be won around every turn. Sure, it can take a few solid minutes to get to the frontline because your driver is a chimpanzee with a severe case of downs syndrome, but that's half the fun-Despite it being in early access and having a few bugs here and there, it's a very complete games.-The community is absolutly amazing. The ranking system is based off of commendations, meaning to rank up, people need to like you. This leads to the most likable players leading the charge against the enemy as opposed to some anti-social butthurt asshat with the social skills of a todler on meth bossing you about, screeching that we need more bmats at crossroads. I love the idea that if you're good at the game and you're nice to people, you rank up. I think that it's the kind of positivity that's sorely missing in modern gaming communities, specificially in co-op multiplayer.CONS:-The servers are almost either (a) Completely full and on the first week of combat or (b) Nearly completely empty and on day 74. The solution to this problem is clearing servers with barely anyone in it and start it over again, declaring the victor as the side with the most points captured. As for the server availibillity issues, either make the player limit per server over 120 and keep the same amount of servers, or make more servers with the same player limit. The player base is growing at an alarming rate and the devs aren't keeping up with things server-side. It's the curse of making such an amazing game that everyone and their mother wants in.-Some bugs are mildly annoying and require other players to help fix it for you. Since, as far as I'm aware, the bugs are client-side, others who are around you don't see the supply truck half way sunken in the ground, flailing wildly too and fro. As for server side ""glitches"", sometimes vehicles inconspicuously get stuck on their tail end, standing up tall making them unavailable for use. While it is comedical to see, it hinders the gameplay.Despite my two major concerns, I'd buy this game again in a heartbeat. The game is great and has an even greater community supporting these wonderful devs. I'd give this game 9/10, would foxhole again."
76561198299421792,Recommended,505460,34177358,Posted: 11 August,all,Scoot,"Played the game for 10 minutes before I was building a truck with my pal John, we farmed the oil and built the truck from the scrap we found in his parents old attic. We drove moral-drained to the village where our fellow troops were holding out, bringing supplies and aid to them. To our horror all that had survived when we got there was a tank with 2 crew. We helped them up, shell shocked they were in agony, bodies surrounded the tank, mortor fire laid the ground between us and the enemy. Me and John, well. We had a bolt of courage, so we grabbed our carbines from the supply truck. Charged into the heat of battle, with only a damaged tank to cover us......I was run over by the friendly tank and as my 10 seconds of revival time went down I screamed in agony. My 3 comrades around me holding my hand, and as the darkness clouded in, John told me he loved me. I never saw him again.10/10 would get run over by a friendly again10/10 would recommend this gameMany a story to be had."
76561197979614721,Recommended,505460,34683155,Posted: 2 September,all,doghouse,"I may read a few positive reviews, but to have a better feeling for a game before purchase, I'll read far more negative reviews.Decipher those, and you'll be in a better informed state to make a good purchase, right?!The majority of issues for negative reviews seems to be:It's not on Mac -- like I give a sheet, I use a PC for gaming.Community is toxic -- all on-line games have ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and sure, this game is no different.  On occassion, you'll get a tk'er, or someone will steal your gear.  In balance, though, the community is actually quite helpful and a good laugh (as is the general nature of on-line gaming). So really, if you've played on-line games before, you know what to expect.Banning players -- Not seen this in ten hours.  I can only assume that in the majority of cases, those complaining about being banned, are the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.  So it's probably a good thing.SO, I bit the bullet and purchased Foxhole that's in Alpha... ""You mad, bro?!""It actually runs super smooth.  And for 15 quid, it feels rather complete, or should I say, complete enough to play and finish games (well kinda, as they go on for hours and even days).This game is a lot of fun.Jump in, grab a gun and some ammo, ask where the front line is and go join the war with you fellows.I have to say, at first, I found the combat to be pants, but once you get used to it, it's actually good fun.  Especially when you can taunt the enemy of VoiP -- yup, VoiP is situational and all players near you, will hear you.  Although, Discord is an option for the teams.I'm sure you've read already about the differing roles.  I've not touched on logistics and such, yet.  As I've been having a blast being a grunt and fighting. But support is sooo imporant in this game, that I totally respect those guys doing it.Anyhoo, if you're on the fence about getting this game, at least try it for the two hours -- I'm sure you'll have a blast like myself.Thumbs up from me!  Well worth the 15 quid."
76561198336935273,Recommended,505460,34079589,Posted: 7 August,all,AdamSki-WW2,"it is a great game, it is the definitoin of team work but if you do not like to work in a team then this isnt the game for you or you can addapt to it"
,Recommended,505460,34085888,Posted: 7 August,all,goremachine,"Started the game.Watch tutorial videos? Nah. Nothing can replace those 5 minutes of a real mans time if he can trial'n'error for 30 minutes.- Short howto pops up on entering a server. Controls are like you'd expect them, all seems straight forward.- Stumbled around 10 minutes looking at stuff, checking out buildings, requirements and so on.- Figured out I need to get scrap to the manufacturing plant to refine them into building materials and get those to a vehicle factory to build a truck.- Went mining scrap.- Le wild russian appears. Sees me as a green ally that's not shooting back and the obvious choice is to kill me.- Continues to say he's sorry after I curse him dearly. We become friends.- He plays walking simulator with me for the next 10 minutes getting building materials and fuel to the vehicle factory, limping there encumbered.- About 10 tries later we figured out how to build the darn truck. Enter the stage a wild gunslinger from Hongkong- 5 minutes later the combined brainpower of the Austrian (me), the Russian and the Chinese figure out how to use the truck properly after locking each other out randomly by accident.- I decide we need more fuel and we drive to a fuel gathering node.- Enter the stage the wild Brit, judging by the accent, though he knew why my truck isn't moving, you got to sit on the left. Maybe not a brit, who cares.- I become elected leader of the motley fail truck and we decide to try to refine sulfur, and it works, it becomes explisive material.- Decisions need to be made again, we're not pesants, we're warriors, we need rifles, we need action.- We find the weapons factory and I tell everyont to build a rifle. Well. After that everyone had a crate of rifle parts.- Complaining in voicechat a, and this time the accent was clear, Brit joins up. We need to submit them to the stockpile and after that can assemble rifles.- Finally. A truck, 5 men bound by blood, sweat and tears joined by a random dude who just hopped on our truck ready for action.- We embark to what we think the front and there. Two soldiers. Truck stops. Nothing happens. Brit shouts ""Disembark, enemies, open fire!"" - Chaos. Anthill on fire we shoot the 2 enemy soliders, shoot their corpses, shoot some more... an enemy truck appears. Group scatters, enemy truck disembarks, an firefight ensues. I see good man dying for no reason. I am hit! Medic!- Damn we have no idea how to medic. Lights fade.. it was an honor lads.- I respawn at base. Oh hi fellas, we meet again, follow me, we need to build upon the success of our last assault!So yes: Early Access.Fun? Yes. Polished? No.My truck drove like a hover-sponge and until now I have no idea about my soldiers health. But so far that's all I got to complain about.You find storage boxes full of stuff everywhere. There's not really a mine and yours. The game, within the team, has an ""ours"" feeling. Sure sometimes a new player with no clue tries to bugger off with your truck. You bark at them on voicechat, they exit the vehicle and very Canadian they're sorry because they're new.The pricetag seems steep for an EA game, but I had an hour pure fun and it was worth it to me.I am sure I'll have some more fun later.*IF* devlopers polish this further it could become a huge success, the idea and execution ain't bad already."
76561198004386645,Recommended,505460,34170507,Posted: 11 August,all,TMH,"Foxhole is a wonderful game.The combat is organic, fun and engaging.  Overall the players are helpful and loosely work together.  I don't have a lot of friends (lol, not many at all really) that game so I spend most of my time as a solo player, helping where I can.In this game you define your role which is really awesome.What I have done so far:I have started with nothing, gathered and refined my own materials, gathered fuel and built a truck.  Then spent countless hours gathering materials, refining them and providing weapons and ammo to forward bases.I have grabbed a wrench, stolen an unused truck from the front and used it to gather materials, refined those materials and gone back to the front as a combat engineer building static defensive positions.I have run to the front line, picked up a riffle and some ammo and run out to the front.  Shot a few guys, ran out of ammo and while searching bodies found medical supplies and gone around reviving and healing wounded friendlies.I have grabbed some binoculars and a mortar and supported the front tacking out fixed installations.I could actually go on as more things are coming to me.  The point I am trying to make is that this game is whatever you want it to be.  If you get bored doing one thing you can discover new things to do.I have really only found one thing frustrating at time.  To many people log on and want to go to the ""front"" which basically causes large groups on both sides to create a static WWI trench style front line.  Ultimately the team with the better supply long term is the one that wins.  Sometimes I wish people would be a little more creative with flanking or pushing other areas.  They seem to get hyper-focus on one area and just battle there no matter what is happening on other parts of the map.It has its bugs and definitely need polishing but it is early access so this is easily forgiven.  I paid $21.99 CAD for the game and have played 73.5 hours which is $0.30 per hour of fun.  So its well worth the money as I think its value far exceeds its cost.Now a few tips for new players:Never take a truck without checking around and in team chat to see if the owner is around.  Give the grid co-ordinates etc.  If its full of materials its even more likely that the owner is nearby.  Don't take it.  If you need a truck you can ask for help getting one in team chat.  Or build a wrench and take it to the front were there will be lots of trucks sitting around.  Again always ask first.Use smoke grenades.  This took me a while to figure out, the AI defense is kind of frustrating at first as it seems overly powerful.  However you can use smoke to stop it from shooting at you and then use HE grenades to take out the emplacement.Never take more then you need from stock.  You usually only need 1 gun, and maybe max 3 ammo with a grenade or 2 to be effective.  If you run out of ammo check around on bodies or run back to the operating base.  You will die more times then you will run our of ammo.Don't run in the middle of the road, if you do and get run over its your own fault.Don't build a truck just to transport yourself to the front.  Walking doesn't take long and usually if you start walking a truck will drive by and offer a ride.Don't build crap in the middle of roads (like turrets, pillboxes etc)There are some small negatives from a technical standpoint, bugs and such but remember its early access and they overall have little impact on the game.Good luck and have fun."
,Recommended,505460,34174300,Posted: 11 August,all,Honeybadger,"This game has given me hope for humanity that one day we may all work together to defeat the Warden scum. But seriously, I have never seen so much willingness to work together in a video game. Everyone is working together to win the war, and the people with bad attitudes are usually just salty that people arent cooperating enough, which is a great change of pace. THE GRIEFING PROBLEM IS NOT AS BAD AS THE STEAM PAGE LEADS YOU TO BELIEVE. It is very minor, and players are quickly kicked for malicious behavior. That being said, friendly fire is always enabled and watch out on the roads, the logi drivers dont ♥♥♥♥ around and if you are in the way of Bmats heading for the front, its your own fault."
76561198041639875,Recommended,505460,34004676,Posted: 3 August,all,Dreamz,game is very well made and very fun. lots of teamwork and battles last hours if not days. already addicted to this game and bought it only 2 days ago.
76561198053442375,Recommended,505460,34027511,Posted: 4 August,all,Ph'nglui mglw'nafh,We load up with 6 man squad and start to moving up for the sneaky flank mission we killed like 20 enemy troop on the road than the enemy tank ( without ammo) come from nowhere  and was screaming Leeroy Jenkins and run over our entire squad 10/10
76561198197525330,Recommended,505460,34051017,Posted: 5 August,all,HOLDEEEZ,everything you wanted in a war game
,Recommended,505460,34058576,Posted: 6 August,all,Bready,"Fun game, friendly community and good time killer."
,Recommended,505460,34065312,Posted: 6 August,all,Vividly,Foxhole is refreshing and a completely unique experience from what you'd get from other games. All players (with or without a mic) are helpful and cooporative. The game has lots of potential and I'll definitely be following for more updates in the future.
,Recommended,505460,34067111,Posted: 6 August,all,Count Mippi,"An action game where everyone is like a little real-time-strategy game unit instead of the super soldier that wins the war all on their own.  I don't think I've played a game that had such depth when it comes to strategic planning; don't just think about flanking left or right, think about your own supply lines as well as your opponents'.  Throw on sandbox-style gameplay and freedoom to fill just about any role in the war effort and you have a great game in the making here.Want to be the infantry grunt on the front line?  Do it.Want to man a tank and break through the enemy line blitzkrieg style?  Go for it.Want to group up with some friends and special-ops your way into the enemy rear?  Bring some mics and get it done.Want to build and man an artillery unit to support your buddies?  Rain some hell on 'em.Want to work in the back line supplying all of the above?  Someone's gotta, or this war is gonna be short."
76561198354457429,Recommended,505460,34067713,Posted: 6 August,all,Flux Hellcase.com,I think this is one of the best mmo out there on steam
76561197989019496,Recommended,505460,34067772,Posted: 6 August,all,mDaddy,Band of Brothers the game
76561197987632903,Recommended,505460,34067795,Posted: 6 August,all,Legion,9/10 !
,Recommended,505460,34068321,Posted: 6 August,all,=(eGO)= Ryo5678,"Foxhole is a new game just released on steam for early access.The game consists of two teams that must fight for control over a map. Each team can have up to 60 players at a time. The game relies heavily on teamwork to achieve any objective. Players must gather resources and refine them in a town. Then players can use the new materials to visit workshops, vehicle factories, medical buildings, ammunition factories and more. Other players will take weapons from the Headquarters or an Outpost. Then they will find the front lines and help defend or push the enemy. If you don't like resource gathering or fighting then you can also enjoy base building. Players must build all walls, defenses, gateways, storage crates, and outposts on their own. As a result, everyone on a team must contribute something to progress as a whole. The logistics people will deliver supplies to the builders and to the fighters. The fighters will assault enemy bases but also defend the builders who quickly work to reinforce the front lines.Currently foxhole is on steam for the price of $19.99. The game has very positive and creative reviews. Now some people will question how good the game is when it is only in early access. Many games have been serious let downs overtime due to being in early access. The Foxhole developers, Clapfoot, have promised more updates to the game within the near future.A few issues with the game right now are bugs, trolling, racism, and bias. One bug causes players to become stuck inside of a destroyed tank at the components collection area. This can be overcome by yourself or another player finishing the harvest of the tank to free you. Trolls are another major issue with the game. Some players will disconnect and reconnect as the other team in order to team kill and end a stalemate. Foxhole has addressed this and players can use a commendation/reprimand system to give players a reputation. The game also has a built in system to detect and ban players from using weapons after too much friendly fire. Foxhole has added a system to auto-mute players for a set time when they have been marked for bias/racism/foul language. Sometimes you will see Chinese players on the same server as Americans. Although it can be hard to understand them, they contribute to the team too and should not be harassed for who they are.Overall, I would give Foxhole a 8/10."
,Recommended,505460,34077656,Posted: 7 August,all,Frostwaffles,"It's such a good game with everything , in this game you are starting from the very beginning. And this is a perfect war simulator , with everything!. You understand how important , its to have supplies and how it affects it. Community is also great but there is only one slight problem , that is aiming..When you in the game you see everything from top like 2d but it affects gameplay in a bad way which is you cant aim where you want to aim. Forexample if there is an enemy crouching or laying down while you are standing even tho you have your mouse on the enemy you still miss the bullets and in the mean time enemy kills you. Also it's almost imposible to shoot people in the buildings 2nd floor or people in car with a machine gun. While he is running in to the bunch of players with that car with a machine gun no one can shoot the person on the machine gun. Cause it's a bit high from the ground. I hope they fix these problems soon.Game is really great , i played like 6-7 hours at the day i bought the game. Also if you have friends (numbers doesnt matter) game gets better and better. See you all in the battle field ^^"
,Recommended,505460,34080312,Posted: 7 August,all,Sonata,"Buy it, Play it, be with the cooperative community while it still fresh.before the cancer kicks in."
,Recommended,505460,34080752,Posted: 7 August,all,ÚLFHÉÐNAR,"I have to say, this game a it sits is amazing. Has a slightly steep learning curve at first, but the player base is more than willing to help. After spending a few hours getting the hang of it, I'm hooked. So far, I've spent hours running logistics without firing a single shot. I've also played as a medic, which is frantic to say the least. Everything you do (or don't) has an effect. Last night my team was pushed to our final town, and fought a hard pitched battle for hours. They finally took our Town Hall, but a small squad of us snuck behind enemy lines and managed to take a town and set up a resistance camp. In the end, we still lost, but that feeling of overcoming insurmountable odds to enable your team to fight back tooth and nail for a while longer is honestly a rush. When you get a good, communicative squad and use actual tactics, you can achieve so much, even with inferior gear. I am honestly in love with this game. I highly recommend it."
76561198006573862,Recommended,505460,34088791,Posted: 7 August,all,GraveDancer,"Great potential, looks cool"
,Recommended,505460,34150472,Posted: 10 August,all,Matt B.,"10/10. A game that people actually take sorta serious. Oh and, a lot of people who actually roleplay. Especially when they die, making noises and moaning when they die and sh*t. Pretty great. Sorta."
76561198030871373,Recommended,505460,34169648,Posted: 11 August,all,[KoS] Goinkadis,"This game gives you lots of choices in what role to play while not locking you in to any class.  The earliest weapon available, besides the pistol, is the basic bolt action rifle.  Your rifle is your friend, carry it everywhere because ultimately every player in FOXHOLE is a rifleman.Ignore the goofballs and ask who needs help and you will find a group  working away at something who will ask you to help them.  Maybe you will be asked to join a squad - it is a formalization of the same concept.  Once you are in the game for a short period of time the concepts will start to gel and you will find youself really enjoying the game and start to discover what aspect suits your game style the best (don't throw away that rifle though)Have a group you like to play with on a regular basis?  This is a great game for you then.  It is amazing to see what small groups of well organized and coordinated players are able to accomplish.One of my current favorites and the best of this genre I have played to date.Saddle up boot, we're Oscar Mike in two mics!"
76561197993917460,Recommended,505460,35271704,Posted: 28 September,all,Horny Rooster,The good:Fun gameplayGood building mechanicsLogistics is fulfillingThe Bad:Has small annoying bugsMaps aren't quite balanced yetAll in all I recommend this game though.  The developers are very responsive to the community and very involved.  They care about the game and want to make it great and take community input seriously.  Its a good game and worth the money and it will get better.
,Recommended,505460,34691760,Posted: 2 September,all,ничего не понимаю,"> Be part of a small covert ops squad> Slowly build up spme supply lines and FOB's to a position just south of enemy's HQ> By the time we get there we have a perfect position for our master plan but not enough resources, supply lines stretched too thin.> I command some men to come with me and set up a Lawrence of Arabia style highway ambush on enemy supply lines right outside their major manufacturing plants.>Steal enough supplies to execute operation Rain From Above> Set up Howitzers on hill just a 100 meters south of enemy HQ> Destroy Enemy HQ and Weapons Manufacturing>Hold our position like the Alamo as almost the entire enemy team comes to get us. We destroy multiple enemy Half Tracks but use up all our supplies.>Wait for heroic death."
,Not Recommended,505460,34048178,Posted: 5 August,all,testosterownlol,Its a fun idea. Needs a lot of work. High influx of stupid players recently. Makes it less enjoyable. Spend your money wisely.
,Recommended,505460,33868966,Posted: 28 July,all,•̪̀●MyLittlePwny•,"It's confusing at first and has a steep learning curve but if you can get past that it's actually a really great game, heavily focused on teamwork. I had a load of fun just being a taxi for soldiers wanting to reach the front and mining materials for the war effort.The combat is very unforgiving too, it's a brutal and highly enjoyable pvp game with 120 players on a single massive map(server)And for Early Access it's probably the most polished and functional EA I've tried, definitely worth the £13.50 while it's on sale"
,Recommended,505460,34246651,Posted: 14 August,all,yacabo,"Have you ever played Rust and wished that instead of multiple smaller factions there are instead just two clearly defined teams?Do you want a game where the weapons and equipment matter in a battle instead of just being a pointless item in the game?Do you want the ownerships of a base to happen organically, instead of by a ""capture point""?Would you be willing to accept that this game is shocking similar to Age of Empires, except that you are the troop instead of controlling the troops?If you answer yes, this game would be for you."
76561197991070529,Recommended,505460,34229242,Posted: 13 August,all,Jaes,"Foxhole: Buy It. (There is no TL;DR)Oh.My.God.This is the War Game I've always wanted to play, but no one had the balls to make. This game is a 100% open world sandbox with up to 120 players playing on two teams within a persistent campaign instance until one side's capital is in ruins. Your objectives are your own to make in order to gather resources to create weapons, ammo, medical supplies, and vehicles. Your Logistics team will make or break your game. If you're not running that Logistics train, then your job is to protect it so they can move war supplies to and from bases. You need to secure the roads they use to travel on in their trucks or the enemy will raid and deny your team the vital materials needed to keep bases operating and take it for their own. It's easy to pick up, difficult to master. It's not graphically intensive, but has a charming style to it so that when you get into a massive firefight, there is no lag or FPS drops, only action. The over the top camera angle is highly balanced so you can't camera peak over walls like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Third Person Arena shooter and see the enemy. You have to be physically able to see the spot your enemy is standing in to see them so things like trees, walls, bushes, and changes in the ground terrain will hide you from sight to retreat to safety after scouting for the enemy or sneak up on an enemy position using a tree line they neglected to take in to account when building their Forward Operating Base.Unfortunately, I do not currently have any video footage that can do this game justice. So use that bright imagination of your's while I use my words to convince you to spend $20 on this still in Alpha yet better polished than most AAA titles (still some bugs, but none that I've seen that are game breaking). Imagine for a moment, that you and two other soldiers just got cut off from friendly lines in a vitally important town that's full of resources to farm and vital medical supplies to keep your allies fighting. You took the time to fortify your position with walls around the town, foxholes inside the perimeter to shoot the enemy from if they breach your walls, and a few expensive but highly important machine gun nests to blunt enemy attacks against your Town Hall (spawn point). You were lucky enough to have received respawn tickets to your Town Hall by a brave Logistics player who was gunned down and his truck destroyed just outside the wall after dropping off some supplies to you so you might be able to hold out long enough for help to arrive. The enemy has blocked the roads leading to your position so reinforcements are unlikely or will take hours to get to you as they systematically have to dismantle the enemy's own foxholes, obstacles, pillboxes, and ambush teams hiding along the roads as they attempt to buy time for their comrades to breach your walls and capture your hard hours long work. You request reinforcements from your team once the Watch Towers (limited radar) light up around your fortified town, completely surrounded in all cardinal directions. 3/4ths of your team think you're a lost cause and give up on you outright. A small band of Alpha Thugs won't leave other Thugs to die alone so they start working their way to you, slowly but surely. A generous ETA is about an hour, but you know it'll probably be more like three.The enemy has explosives and demolition charges that can make your walls all but useless if not for the defensive positions you articulately built to ensure that if the enemy attacks, they have to attack one point in numbers or they'll get slaughtered. You and your other two battle brothers divide your tasks between builder to fix the wall breaches, repairman to keep your defenses active, and Sharpshooter to keep the enemy from getting too close to destroy your foxholes and pillboxes with smoke grenades to obscure the garrison gunners and satchel/high explosive grenades. You're an Alpha Thug so you take that Sharpshooter role in all but name since there is no dedicated class system. The only thing between you and the enemy is your well placed positioning behind cover and your steady hands on your rifle. Before you're quite ready though, you hear explosions going on all around your walls, knowing full well that the enemy is attempting their first wave as  multi-pronged assault. They have no idea there's only three of you versus 15-20 of them. You never truly knew what their numbers were, but you had estimates based on how often they could attack and how many bodies they'd leave behind. Their first assault is held up by the defense you constructed. You and your three brothers were able to shift together between the different breaches and take out the enemy. The enemy falling easily enough due to your superior positioning and steady hands on your trigger with your rifle. Their SMGs and assault tactics not quite having the range to engage you effectively.Once you cleaned them up, your brothers got to work fixing and rebuilding. You covered them during their vulnerable moments as they were over encumbered with their building supplies so they couldn't run away effectively when the raiders hoping to keep the walls open harassed your builders. They would panic like chicken with their heads cut off and fire back at you wildly, missing you just enough to avoid being hit while you calmly take their life. Then shoot the guy who was brave enough to run up to him to apply emergency first aid to keep him alive, claiming two lives in as many seconds. You yell to your enemies in the proxy chat voice chat ""Brave, but foolish,"" knowing they would hear you. Perhaps taunting them wasn't the best idea, but this was a game and everyone was having fun. When you just barely managed to cover the holes the first assault made, you hear in the distance several satchel charges going off at once, leveling an entire section of the wall on the opposite side of the town. You and your brothers drop what you were doing and run over to the breach, hoping the garrisoned defenses can hold just long enough for you to get there. Too late you discovered that the enemy had already breached your light defenses and ambush you trying to run up to the wall breach, slaughtering you and your two companions.You all respawn at the Town Hall and scramble to grab what rifles and cartridges that you have to try to re-secure the wall and your bodies that hold precious materials to keep your defense going. Well♥♥♥♥♥♥ 15 tickets left. Between you and your two brothers, you can only die 15 more times before the enemy essentially starves you out. You better get the one trauma kit that you have to help revive your fallen to save a ticket. Before you can though, the enemy that breached encroaches on your Town Hall, but thankfully your well placed MG nests keeps them at bay or slaughters the ones too slow to react. You clean up the enemy that took cover behind walls, but didn't want to fall back and fell victim to your flanking maneuvers. Your two brothers rush to their bodies to get their building materials back and rush to plug the wall, succeeding before the next wave came in while you're scavenging your enemy bodies for the guns, ammo, medical supplies and grenades they brought in so you can use them for your benefit, storing them in your Town Hall to retrieve as needed.You check the time and ask for an ETA on your reinforcements. You find out they haven't even gotten to the first road block yet because the Sargent that organized your reinforcements only managed to get newbies just joining for the first time because they don't know any better than to walk into the meat grinder that awaits them.And you also note that it's only been 5 minutes. Only 175 minutes to go. Hopefully.Welcome to Foxhole."
76561198153546700,Recommended,505460,33841909,Posted: 27 July,all,Xforgerecon,"Quite an amazing game. It's enjoyable when playing with friends or with a clan on a common goal, to win the war on a location. With them adding tanks really spices up the gameplay as the main machine of war was the halftrack. You mainly start of as a recruit not knowing what to do then after maybe 15-20 minutes you know what to do.Foxholes is an unique game when it comes to its gameplay in my perspective, where every action you take will be apart of the outcome of the war. With the new Landing APC and Coastal map coming out soon it'll be feeling more like playing a D-Day Style role."
,Recommended,505460,33866730,Posted: 28 July,all,Prince of Eros,"Within the first two hours of playing I had more ""war movie"" moments than any other war game out there."
,Recommended,505460,33962072,Posted: 1 August,all,TheAdmiral,Outstanding game where cooperation leads to great gameplay.
,Recommended,505460,33979184,Posted: 2 August,all,Incognito,"Probably the best teambased game...There's a bit of learning curve, but community is extremely friendly and helpful!Give it a try!"
76561198082791262,Recommended,505460,33853249,Posted: 28 July,all,Chemical Infantry,"There are alot of games I love, few I write reviews on, this game is a little gem for players interested in a logistical gameplay, top down ""Running with Rifles"" style shooters, base building, base destroying, semi coordinated assaults, horde mode style player gatherings and that MMO experience. This is the game for you. I support this game all the way, and you should to."
,Recommended,505460,33875726,Posted: 29 July,all,Shadooku,"In Foxholes current state the game is amazing! There are massive player battles, team coordinations, logistics, and PvP takes decent amount of skill to a certain degree. There are many ways to take on enemy bases and FOB's, ranging from RPGing, grenading, artillery, tanks, or just complete full on flanks to rekt the enemy. Very fun to play with with friends (highly recommended) but playing solo can be just as fun. Also getting into this game is very easy, all it takes is a 10 min video showing you all the basics and you're ready to go and kill some noobs.Overall : 7.5/10Worth every dollar..."
76561198044496997,Recommended,505460,33964057,Posted: 1 August,all,INHUMAN MOOSE,"This game is crazy.Jump right into my first game, ask around what to do. A guy comes up to me and tells me to get into the truck to get to the frontlines. As we cruise down the road I ask him a few questions about the game and such and i get the hang of it.We finally reach the frontlines and a squad is pinned down and needed support. I come up behind them screaming ""CHARGEEEE"" as bullets and blood is flying everywhere and all my teammates push up with me. Later on we took out a supply lines with 6 other guys.People then started talking about my leadership in chat saying I am a veteren and all. I have 3 hours in the game.Get this game.The community is amazing."
76561198098531315,Recommended,505460,34139769,Posted: 9 August,all,ecosamo,-Joins game-Sent to frontlines-Fight for bridge for 3 hours-Destroy bridge-Rebuild bridge with enemy team-Renact Christmas Truce-End truce-Die11/10 would Christmas Truce again
76561198284848622,Recommended,505460,33846769,Posted: 27 July,all,GothicCorpses,Awesome game highly recommend
,Recommended,505460,33999538,Posted: 3 August,all,EpicWhiteCookie,">Be me>Load favorite server war>Take North Point back, attacked bunkers and FOB's of enemy heading East>Hold up an army on a bridge>Start endless turf war on bridge>Howitzers incoming>Grenades incoming>Trucks incoming>♥♥♥♥>Flank bunkers with small squad>Find small hole in their wall>Bomb it>Enter base>Thirty enemy troops turn around and light us up>Bleeding out>They execute us one by one>Last left>Soldier walks up to me and whispers ""For the Motherland"">Die11/10 - would* die to Commie forces again*will"
76561198065876761,Recommended,505460,34067268,Posted: 6 August,all,RebelKillSwitch,"10/10 Best new game, Still better then Next Day: Survival"
76561198038892848,Recommended,505460,34128651,Posted: 9 August,all,mattdillingham,"Spawn ... explore ... get run over by teammate's truck ... lesson learnt: take care on the roads.Spawn ... gather scrap ... walk at snail's pace trying to carry a few tonnes of metal ... lesson learnt: get a truck.Spawn ... gather scrap, refine to b.mats, build truck, can't drive it has no fuel ... lesson learnt: ensure you have ALL required resources.Spawn ... drive around in truck gathering resources, craft some weapons and ammo, supply local Town Hall, truck gets stolen by teammate ... lesson learnt: lock your vehicle.Spawn ... gather lots of different resources, craft lots of weapons, get shot by enemy ... lesson learnt: this is ultimately a WAR GAME, so if you've got no-one shooting you're gonna end up dead.This is a fabulous team game, and it seems to simulate warfare beautifully.  There are no heroes, you can't have special powers, you won't get sniped from 5 miles away, there are no nukes.  Historical wars have been prolonged, and progress is measured in feet and inches at times.Once you understand the concepts, you realise the importance of teamwork and strategy.  This is a war of attrition - taking out an enemy supply line could lead to them being starved of ammo or ""shirts"" for local respawning.  It can be difficult to win by overwhelming force, when it can lead you to being open to being attacked on a different front.Buy this game as the overall structure doesn't really need adding to - it is a complete game.  I can only see them adding a few new weapon types and structures.  There appear to be only a few minor bugs, which relate to minor things - nothing to worry about.  The gameplay however is spot-on, so go and buy it and have some fun!"
,Recommended,505460,34170509,Posted: 11 August,all,PotatoLord,ProsExtremely fun gameTeamworkGenerally nice community (at least it used to be in the pre alpha)ConsThere's a learning gap and no tutorialGreifers and trollsNewer players unintentionally grief when they have no idea what they're doingIt's overrun by new players now so if you had this in the pre alpha good for youStill would recommend 9 out of 11
,Recommended,505460,33872637,Posted: 28 July,all,Fairemont,"It was late at night when we realized that we were losing the war. It wasn't because we weren't fighting hard or that our strategy was terrible (it might have been), but it was because after three-and-a-half hours of hard effort, our team's sole truck got blown up by a glitch. My truck.Our entire war effort, as horrific as it was to begin with, ground to a halt. And I faced severe depression and lack of purpose. Therefore, we organized a raid. A raid with a singular purpose. To get a new truck. Thirty of us gathered with horrible quality rifles and a grudge to bear and we struck like an angry walrus. We found an open gate (a miracle) and ran right into enemy-controlled territory, built a truck in THEIR base, then drove that bugger right back out that gate.For four hours afterwards, that truck supplied an entire army with weapons, materials, and supplies.Just as I am logging out I hand my truck off to a comrade that had assisted me and stand before another raid team. Tell them that every weapon, bullet, grenade, gas mask, rocket, and mortar they are carrying was delivered through dangerous lands to that F.O.B. by me.Bask in the glory.Soak up their admiration.Gain fifteen comendations.10/10Would become logistics jesus again."
,Recommended,505460,34119269,Posted: 8 August,all,[202CR]Palleto,"First off i am not good at reviews and rarely write them but here is my 2 cents.This is arguably one of the best games I have played in a long time. If this is released today I would be satisfied. This is one of the most in depth games, with such high replayability. I have met many people who are willing to co-operate to make this game work.A lot people don't see replayability, can't find much to do or think that there is no way to get people to work together. None of this is however true, the game is what you make it. I found some fun people to fight with, and made battle bonds that will last. People say you need a big clan or a group of friends but this is a myth. I met every single person i play this game with in this game. I have yet to lose a war with these people because they work hard and have fun. Every game has its griefers and trolls. If thats your problem with this game then don't play multiplayer games because you will find them everywhere. If you want to win you need communication, in particular 1 Quatermaster on your team and a good set of drivers can win a war regardless of how good or bad your troops are(Shout out to Adron). Also if you have no friends, a couple of guys with a few rifles walking past the enemy backline can be enough to stop enemy supply lines. I've done this before, you don't need many people or much equipment to have a big impact. You can have more impact doing this than 20 guys grinding in the meat grinder.In the games current state I would give this game 9/10.Only thing that prevents this from being a 10 is the bugs in the game."
76561197970366246,Recommended,505460,33839387,Posted: 27 July,all,VentoreX,Very good game!MMORTS!
,Recommended,505460,33968752,Posted: 2 August,all,Ghost9447,"Dont mind me, This is just a review to boost the devs.This is an awesome Game."
,Not Recommended,505460,35439982,Posted: 3 October,all,Appareson,"From what I've learnt the game goes like this; the most important dudes are the guys doing scrap mining providing all the BMATs (Basic Materials) to the team, sometimes the refining process is given to other people who spend their entire time taking the scrap that the scrappers mined and turning them into BMATs though usually a guy can do both jobs at once. Second are the manufacturers and haulers. These guys turn these BMATs into actual equipment or vehicles for the team, haulers are the guys who take equipment or BMATs across the map to where it is needed. Then there are the soldiers, the people doing the actual fighting. That is actuall the least important thing in this game, without any guns how are you going to win the war? There are also builders, who build a variety of structures key to defense and map awareness or production.So here we have:1. Scrappers2. Refiners3. Manufacturers4. Haulers5. Builders6. Soldiers and people manning armed vehiclesEvery player in the game can choose what he could do to help his team. But the most important role are the squad leaders the team coordinators, they make sure the basic roles are balanced out and make sure they do what the team actually needs. With good squad leaders a game can go amazingly swell, everybody would know what to do, and noobs could be guided by them if they appear to be struggling.The concept itself is great and from other players' experiences the concept does indeed work on practice.But...The game is shaped by the people. There are no rules besides no griefing (obviously) so people could do whatever they want. There is no REAL reason to actually fight. Why not turtle in your base and build dozens of layers of fortresses and turrets? The game itself is a sandbox letting the player decide how the war will play out. The game gives the tools and we do the dirty work. But when the player has no idea what to do or nobody is listening to each other or communicating to each other, this game cannot work.So far the game has no tutorials and rarely will anyone actually ""help"" noobs or each other for that matter. They haul it because the team needs it, not because that guy over there has no ammunition on him. This means although it is a team game, everybody is stuck doing their own thing. Hmmm, I want to be a trucker! Well firstly, you need to gather the BMATs to make them. Ask another player? They aren't guna give you their vehicle only for them to go through the entire process of making a truck all over again. There are no guiding hands, and although this is a cooperation game, everybody really fends for himself. We aren't watching for eachothers backs we are simply caring for the greater good, the team itself. And if I think I can do better by hauling items for the team, maybe I might go steal somebody elses truck to do that. Of course this is hard to do with the internet but IMO the game just isn't worth it if you are going solo.This game just isnt my cup of tea. The community is toxic, and although soldiers are ""cooperating"" together as a team they are still fending for themselves. I think noobs should automatically get placed in ""rookie"" squads, as a full on tutorial would probably break the spirit of the game. Without a bond with your teammates and only focusing on the bigger picture the game won't play out as well.I do agree that the game is quite well, nothing wrong with it. Just the community. I accidentally stole a truck on my first game and I confronted the guy to apologize and he shot me down and killed me. He later ran me over with the same truck while I was AFK reading a guide. From my experience, everybody is fending for themselves, each truck is owned by 1 person and he doesn't give a flying ♥♥♥♥ about the random noobs sitting in the street. This game needs more incentive on cooperation.Though, Galih just get it. If you can handle Elite Dangerous grind, the solo work should be fine for you. If not, use mic and say ""Im noob plz help"" and hope the guy doesnt get on his truck immediately and drive away.TL;DR: very social game. people are all solo introverts hermit following squad leader orders. mad extroverts are screaming in chat about how he aint got grenades in location A. and calm extroverts are like ""quit ♥♥♥♥♥ing and let the hive mind do its thing"""
,Recommended,505460,33843546,Posted: 27 July,all,Viccy,"I CAN BE A VOLUNTARY SLAVE AND SCRAP OVER TWENTY HOURS A DAY, AMAZING, ISNT IT? EVERYTHING FOR THE WINNNEVERYTHING FOR MY TEAMMM, LONG LIVE COMMUNISM AND COLLECTIVISM"
76561198013035070,Not Recommended,505460,34705002,Posted: 3 September,all,tuxedoninja,I do like this game but the developers need to put in a  team balance system as clan stacking is an  issue with 20 people from a clan vs 3 randoms.
,Recommended,505460,33853203,Posted: 28 July,all,[82DK-S] A. Soldier,"I was basically here from the start, July, 2016. Playing the Combat Prototype version 0.0.6 even before Steam with a good and long time friend of mine, General WVPM. He just told me about this game one day and suggested we jump on discord to play it, it was the first time I ever heard about both the game and discord and I never imagined they'd turn out so big as they are now, just looking at it and knowing that I was a part of something made be feel all warm and fuzzy inside, so I decided to support the devs by buying the game.I was a bit sceptical at one point about the direction in which the devs were taking the game like Insurgency, but in time and with every devblog and dev stream on Twitch I started to understand more and more that they're doing this with the community and for the community, sure they aren't 100% transparent with the development of the game like most devs out there but they like teasing us and like surprising us with amazing content.But most importantly, they listen, you can see that from the game's Discord channel and the Steam suggestions forum section. I myself have posted many suggestion topics on the Steam forums and most of them have been answered by the devs.At first I doubted New World Interactive as well with Insurgency because of it's poor optimization, but now after playing and buying both it and Day of Infamy, I can say that I praise them as one of the best Indie developers out there, and I see the same potential in Clapfood with Foxhole and I wish them the best of luck in their future adventures in game development."
76561197960725839,Not Recommended,505460,35028412,Posted: 17 September,all,Sam,"Sadly this is my first review after many many years of gaming.. foxhole is an incredible game, who just got shot down by the region lock. The beauty of this game was that it felt like real war when you heard squads with foreign accents communicating in english, a foreign allied.. make servers based on languages not regions, at least dont block the regions, cant play with my friends in america in a massive multiplayer world war game.. untill sense comes back, my first review ever is a negative one, because of a sad decision in a wonderfull game.(No todos tenemos el mismo lenguaje nativo pero almenos intentamos comunicarnos como podemos.)"
76561197965741937,Not Recommended,505460,34815224,Posted: 8 September,all,Gauner#1,"pretty nice concept, but i.m.o. it needs much more balancing.. a lot of times the teams are pretty uneven populated, especially on german servers (most of the times 10v30 or worse)loosing team often is full of whiners, you read all day long comments like ""its lost, no need to do anything / end it already""on top of that the winning team are horrible ""winners"" because they stretch the game to ""club seals"", sometimes for multiple real time days.it huts because the game mechanics are pretty good, except the building part, it takes way to long in my opinion to build basic structures...you can have some great fun if u have 20+ friends who join with u and start a massive raid, but as a solo player (or duo / trip) you are farming and building for hours, just to see how its destroyed within minutes (if u r in the loosing team) or never be used (winning team)as i said, it needs much more balance, and less ""grind""..would be a positive review if this 2 things wouldn´t  impact that hard on the game experience, because everything else in this game is pretty well done...the fighting,the need of teamplay and communication,the ""rank up system"", where u have to commend your teammates so they can rank up,the crafting/stockpile system(building mechanics would be great if it wouldnt take THAT long)small changes here and there for sure, its EA ...overall, if u got some friends who are interested in this you might give it a try,but i recommend to wait a little longer...especially for solo players...maybe wait for a sale ..."
76561198260043945,Not Recommended,505460,34210946,Posted: 13 August,all,[♛♛]Man_Who_Eat_Your_Cake,"In a nutshell, game in is good and fun. But problem game is protecting griefers and teamkillers and kicking baning normal players. Players play in squads. If there is many players in squad, play with many players they start be agresive, teamkilling other people, runing them with cars or shooting becouse then need your items or becouse you dont build what they want where they want or dont do what they want. And you cant protect becouse they votekick you and you will get ban on all servers for mutch hours."
,Recommended,505460,33870120,Posted: 28 July,all,Chips,"If you like the look of it but you're a bit unsure, screw it just buy it seriously its really good fun, loads of nice friendly people on there to give you a hand. I hope to see you again thunder thighs my friend!"
,Recommended,505460,34228471,Posted: 13 August,all,Robertovelcom,Following you will find the Mexican salt taco recipe:Ingredients:- Salt- TortillaProcedure:1) Sprinkle a little bit of salt into the tortilla.2) Roll up the tortilla.3) Eat.
,Recommended,505460,34039550,Posted: 5 August,all,"""Sweeti Cheekz"" Bambeenz","Few games facilitate co-operation in such an engaging and compelling way as Foxhole. I enjoy games like Battlefield and Red Orchestra, which also ostensibly rely on co-operation, but in your standard public game, that tends devolve down to one or two salty neckbeards calling everyone an 'autist' or people just whinging and complaining.In Foxhole, however, you not only have to ensure there are enough men on the frontlines - there must also be a solid logistics network in place to supply them. You know those cheesy E3 videos with the cringe-worthy contrived multiplayer 'dialogue' that just sounds like really lame attempts at roleplaying? This may be the first game I've played where that actually happens for real. The 'roleplaying' is a necessary part of the gameplay, in that you have to communicate and act like a soldier in order to be effective. Being part of a massive battle is a tense, exciting experience. It's a chaotic blend of gunfire, explosions, and people trying to shout above the din to request a medic or ammo, provide intel on current enemy movements, or to attempt to form a vanguard to punch through the enemy lines after they've been softened by artillery fire. The voice chat is proximity-based, and you can also hear the other team speaking, provided you're close enough. Infiltrating an enemy base undetected is made all the better by hearing nearby enemy soldiers casually talking to one another, oblivious to your presence. It's even better when they bump into you and frantically call for assistance, spraying bullets in your direction as they scramble to cover.It's also one of those 'emergent' games like PUBG or DayZ(in its heyday at least...) that beget alot of player-driven events. You'll be gushing to your friends about the time this or that happened, when you and a 5-man team spearheaded a successful invasion, or when you and this Russian guy went around harrassing enemy patrols behind their lines, only for him to catch a bullet and have his dying words slowly fade out as you run back to the nearest friendly outpost. I bought this game on an absolute whim and it turned out to be one of the most satisfying, rewarding experiences I've had."
76561197986421435,Recommended,505460,33913885,Posted: 30 July,all,[SNT]Cosian,"Yep, my personal great game boxes are all checked ...- Objective based Team PvP- Campaign style format with a begining and end ... then on to the next campaign- Emphasis on team play and team coordination- A healthy building, crafting, supply, and logistics component that matters- An opportunity for a robust metagame in terms of in game leaders, strategy, and tactics.Beyond the overall mechanics that peak my interest, I found the developers really gave a lot of thought to the game design in an effort to alleviate some of the problems I often see with large scale side vs side PvP games.- No side switching in a given map campaign.  Once you commit to a side on that map, you are locked in.  You can play a different side in another map campaign.  You can be involved in multiple map campaigns at the same time.- A queue system to ensure that no side has substantial numeric superiority over the other at any given time.- The base building is not plot based.  You can build virtually anywhere to establish forward strong points.  As such, it provides some variety to the map.  While the underlying map is the same, whats on the map at various positions is dependent on what the players build there.- Supply and Logistics matter.  Everything must be produced by the players down the last 7.62mm bullet for a rifle.  This makes attacking and defending your supply lines, interdiction, and human intelligence key components of the game.  Players that perform all these roles are necessary for team success.- Building Defenses actually serve a purpose.  The epitomy of frustration is spending 8 hours taking ground and building defenses only to find it was all wiped out by a handful of  off  prime time enemies that walked through your defenses like crap through a goose while your prime time players were sleeping.  While it can happen in this game, the way defenses work makes it much more difficult to just roll though areas that are lightly defended by actual human players as long as proper defenses have built.- The game is essentially GM'd by the players.  Players that are team killing, greifing supply, building stuff designed to obstruct progress of their team can be penalized and eventually kicked by player vote.  You may think this is harsh, but its really the only way to do it.  Games that rely on GM's are a day late and a dollar short as far as taking action goes.  There you file a report and hope that some day some action will be taken against your goofball team mate that has been testing his artillery firing on his teams position for the last 10 minutes.  Don't be an♥♥♥♥♥and you won't have a problem.Two Thumbs Waaay Up!"
,Recommended,505460,33914172,Posted: 30 July,all,Jag,"Could not recommend this game enough.. and here's why.You start off basically deciding how you want to play straight away.  You don't have to worry about levelling up to get a decent gun otherwise you'll lose every encounter, and you don't have to worry about not being some expert or something to make a large impact to the whole war.Any person can jump right in, decide whether they want to fight, heal, revive, scout, defend, attack, supply, craft, gather resources.... and so on, and any of these options are all beneficial.  Short of standing around AFK or running around in circles - anything within the laws of common sense is useful to the war effort.At first, you might get a little confused and feel a LITTLE overwhelmed, but it's really simple. I must admit I'm sometimes a little lazy to learn a game, but this game took no time at all and after only a few hours I felt I knew everything I needed to know.Basically... get it."
,Recommended,505460,34383792,Posted: 20 August,all,K_N_O_B__H_E_A_D,Community is toxicRating up because I only care about showing others this fact and the fanboys will probably stop downvoting my review
,Recommended,505460,34097654,Posted: 8 August,all,Tiny Rick,"RWR, this is how its done. Great game just try it out"
76561198002546736,Recommended,505460,34038897,Posted: 5 August,all,Corndog,"One of the most polished early access games in the war genre and definitely the most fun.  A player driven war in real time with no breaks.   If you just spent 8 hours playing as a logistics officer running crafted frag grenades, binoculars, and mortar shells to the front lines for troop distribution and then log out, well hopefully there's a player that will step up and do the same.Without supplies the front line fails, and without the back line support of players willing to mine raw resources, refine them into basic materials at a manufacturing plant, haul those resources to a workshop or weapons factory in a player crafted supply truck, and then surge into enemy territory under the threat of enemy ambush with the crates of supplies you just spent so much time crafting for your own troops, well it's gonna be tough to win the war.You need players of ALL types.  If combat is what you're after try being a grenadier.  Stay light and just carry a sidearm and several grenades.  With little encumberance you can run quickly in and out of enemy fire with the hopes of blowing up a foxhole or enemy vehicle.  Attach a grenade launcher to your rifle perhaps and then just launch those grenades into clusters of unsuspecting enemies.Suppress enemy fire as a heavy machine gunner if staying light isn't your forte.  Go prone and unleash hell on the enemy's fortifications.  Just know that when it's time to move positions again you better stow away that HMG.  While it's equipped you won't be moving or turning very quickly.  It's heavy!!One of my favorites is combat medic.  Try only equipping some bandages, first aid kit, and trauma kit.  Who needs weapons?  Now you're really light!  Zip around the field healing wounded soldiers and reviving downed men who so bravely waded into combat ahead of you.  It's time to return the favor.Building is what you're into?  Wow...where to start?  Foxholes, pillboxes, outposts, walls, turrets, barracks, sandbags, barbed wire, storage boxes, howitzers, tunnel networks...it doesn't stop.  You can build entire forward operating bases that will persist after you log out.  You will have stamped the war with your own personal signature that has meaningful impact to the soldiers that fight after you.  You literally shape where men after you will fight based on your plan and innovation, not to mention creativity!There is so much I haven't included in this review but trust me it's not a game you'll regret buying or playing, especially for the price.  My first day I played 11 hours well into the night and was so tired but I didn't want to let my brothers in arms down.  You'll garner that kind of dedication to fighting this war but it never feels like a job.  There is meaningful interaction for every type of player and contribution to the team is real.On a side note the community is not toxic.  Since teamwork is required every player seems to understand that for the most part and you won't see wasted chat scrolling filled with arguing and insults like some games.  You will see dialogue of where help is needed and who can help the fastest.Player A:  ""We need storm rifle ammo and smoke grenades at our forward operating base, asap!""Player B:  ""I've got a truck inbound to your location in about 5 minutes!""Give this game a try and witness all that I've described and even more I've either forgot or purposefully omitted so you can experience some of it for yourself.Welcome to the war!"
76561198007165405,Recommended,505460,34451412,Posted: 23 August,all,Frank McFuzz,"FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS BY NEW PLAYERSWhat is Foxhole?Foxhole is a massive 70 VS 70 two faction grand scale action game where nearly every structure, gun, and strategy is created by the players. It consists of a shooting game, a trucking game, and a resource management game all in one. It proritizes teamwork and co-operation.Do I need a microphone to be able to help out?No, you don't! You can switch chat modes; All, team, local, and whisper. By pressing T, you can transmit your voice over local areas. In fact, the voice chat is restricted to local comms. But people set up team discords to communicate grander strategies using their voice.What's the community like?This is the internet. You will be able to find stories supporting both sides of the argument, but all in all, I have had a very good experience with other players in over 100 hours of gameplay. You may have a bad experience with a one-off-troll try to kick you over ""MY TRUCK, HISSSSSS"", but that doesn't represent the bulk of the community who just want their team to win.How does this compare to Running With Rifles?This question pops up all the time. Bother are top down war shooters, but in my own opinion, Foxhole is simply better. I can narrow this down to a few reasons:Foxhole has defensive structures/buildings you can craft at the frontlineFoxhole has a logistics gameFoxhole has a better health system (Players are wounded, and need to be healed by a medic character) as opposed to RWR's terrible vest systemRWR has no had active PVP for years now, whereas Foxhole is only PVPIn conclusion?Foxhole is an interesting take on a large-sever war game. The battle lines are always changing, people helping each other out, and a toss up between some pretty intense combat or comfy truck driving. Of course, the game is early access, so you've got bugs and early issues, but there's been one patch since I bought 3 weeks ago that cleaned up a LOT of bugs people were having. From what I've seen, the devs actually care, and they are 100% listening to suggestions on the forums and in the game itself.If you're reading the review section trying to find out if this game is worth $20 or should you wait for a sale?Yes. This game is worth $20. Don't wait for a sale, just get it. You won't regret it!"
76561198399062362,Recommended,505460,34488369,Posted: 25 August,all,UA Spartan,"For only being an alpha, I've got to say it's a great start. The game at first because I didn't know what I was doing, I was like meh. However I played it more and eveytime I did the game shone more and more. I feel now I can say it's an experince unlike any other. The battles can be brutal and you can feel the strain of it as supplies run out or run low. Everyone plays a vital role, whther it be gathering supplies, building tanks, crafting weapons and muitions, being a taxi transporting troops where they are needed or just being a soilder to win the fight; everyone plays a role.If you're into mindless shooting games then this isn't for you. If you enjoy something that requires you to communicate and co-ordinate then this is a must buy. Overall I think this is a great chance buy, and I've never said that about any other alpha build before. Just be careful of the old troll or mic spammer. Some people like to take grenades or gas out of your town hall and kill everyone there and log off. A**HOLES!!!! Anyway, buy it if you're loooking for a proper tactical shooter then consider this greatly!EDIT: Me and 50 guys from both sides had a fight club going on!! I love this community!!"
76561198253927819,Recommended,505460,34071297,Posted: 6 August,all,Teddy,"The community is shockingly mature and cooperative. There's not as much screaming spam as I expected, and I've genuinely been enjoying my time.It gets intense really quickly. Don't mistake this for some boring top down shooter - it gets quite immersive and invigorating when you first hit the beaches.Much more fun to play if you're social, so use your mic!"
76561198101295937,Recommended,505460,34139320,Posted: 9 August,all,Wobble,Mortars are my calling I love bombing poor people who don't know where they are dying from
,Recommended,505460,34326432,Posted: 18 August,all,Mister Bobbie,"*7 Hours Straight* From 12AM to 7AM....Log In FRESH servers First person in...Walk to build a Truck...Build supplies....Make supply runs (SMALL) Here and there..Move up to ""Front Line"" FOBGrab 7 men ready to go, and move West...Ambush 2 dudes farming Fuel and ruin their lives...Set up 360 security...Hold counter attack for 1 hour....Build FOB, and proceed to ram♥♥♥♥♥♥TO MOUTH for about 4 hours...Push into enemy lines. and blow myself upwith Bazooka..10/10 Would blow myself up again."
76561198179402446,Recommended,505460,34383964,Posted: 20 August,all,acaboose63,"such a great game, never before have i been so connected to a group of people that i had only know for hours.this game brings out the best and worst from people but it's so worth it!"
76561198073453011,Recommended,505460,33857241,Posted: 28 July,all,Silent Hunter,"Just buy this game right now! i've started on a fresh server and stayed up over night and held an entire position while teaching entire squads of people how to get guns ammo respawn tickets. trucks and scrap gathering. people who say, it takes too long, its a war. this is the best representation i have ever seen for a game and its very unique! try the game and see how you feel. i know this. you will make lots of friends and lots of people are still new right now so its perfect for you newbies ;)"
,Recommended,505460,33861250,Posted: 28 July,all,Lowerfuzzball,"Great game, its not for everyone and there is a learning curve.The devs are some of the most transparent and communicative devs I've ever seen. They are always asking for feedback and posting on the reddit, discord, etc. They really want to take care of the community and use our feedback to build their game.If you like games like Arma or Squad, and like the idea of this game but you're not sure because of the style of game that it is, just buy it. You won't regret it."
76561198378370576,Recommended,505460,33862390,Posted: 28 July,all,Jones,"I like it, its fun working together to overcome the enemy forces"
,Recommended,505460,33864787,Posted: 28 July,all,KingArthur,"Good game. Played pre-alpha since the begining. This game offers depth that no other on the market does. Think running with rifles if it had more to do.This is not for the 'average' gamer that wants a fast paced game that they dont need to think about playing. This game is for people who like being just a soldier in a war. Not for everyone, but for people who like the genre it is about as good as you can get.Devs are fantastic and active. Definately worth 20$."
76561197970309964,Recommended,505460,33867064,Posted: 28 July,all,SirStoney,I loved playing company of heroes...but this takes it to another level ! All that stuff you used to command in COH is now actually being done by your own soldier and all your teammates. Awesome game...great community so far...I just goddamn like it !!!
,Recommended,505460,33872349,Posted: 28 July,all,[46th IR] Bain ツ,"Game is an amazing buy at under $20. It is nothing like any other game I have ever played - every action requires planning and properly executed tactics. Each fortification is something a player planned and constructed. I highly recommend anyone who is interested in something new and finds an evolving battlefield something they would like to participate in be it as a front line soldier, logistics supply chain, etc.Will edit this review to be a more in depth explanation at a later time, but suffice it to say, this game is a blast.I feel like this game has something for everyone. If you want to play a battlefield medic, you can. If you want to be a truckdriver, hauling supplies and soldiers to and from locations - you can. If you want to be a manufacturer, producing equipment and supplies for the front lines - you can. If you want to create a small tactical squad to sneak behind enemy lines and assault enemy supply lines - you can. What if you just want to build fortifications to defend what you own, or play a soldier fighting on the front lines? You can, you should, and the best part of this is that everything you do contributes directly to the success of your team.Foxhole is a unique game. It is a game that fosters teamwork and cooperation. I have never seen a game before Foxhole where the players around you were looking for that vocal, competent person to tell them what needed to be done so they could win. Everyone in Foxhole, in my experience, has been working together to achieve that one common goal: victory. It is truly a thing of beauty.I will not go into a pros and cons list as others have already covered that, however, I feel it is imperitive to note that while this is early access, the only thing I have wanted to do in this game that I could not do is lay anti vehicle/personnel mines. Everything else works. It does not feel like an early access game that is painfully missing features, making the game feel incomplete. I recommend anyone on the fence purchase this game, especially at less than $20, and give it a try."
76561197972341349,Recommended,505460,33890111,Posted: 29 July,all,Pariah,"This game is an excellently crafted multiplayer shooter that combines so many different gameplay mechanics to create an entirely unique and unforgettable experience. This is a must-play if you like fulfilling, team-based, multiplayer shooters."
76561198272268258,Recommended,505460,33898873,Posted: 30 July,all,duck,"have you ever wanted to build an epic outpost? this is the game for you.have you ever wanted to build and deliver supplies and be the reason your outpost is still alive? this is the game for you.have you ever wanted to blow the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of stuff with a tank? this is the game for you.have you ever wanted to shoot a howitzer at the enemy and destroy all their hard work? this is the game for you.how you ever wanted to rpg someones supply truck? this is the game for you.have you ever wanted to be a healer and heal the badly wounded for some odd reason? this is the game for you.have you ever wanted to play with up to 120 people instead of 8-12? this is the game for you!have you ever wanted to be in a realistic battle where people dont soak up 45653 bullets before dieing? this is the game for you.have you ever wanted a community thats not aids and actually works together to get the job done? this is the game for you!have you ever wanted to get posttraumatic stress disorder from surviving the most brutal war ever? this is the game for you!!have you ever wanted to clime some bigass rock and sneak attack the enemy? this is the game for you.have you ever wanted to play a game for an hour or two check the time and its been 10 hours? this is the game for you.this game is not for the weak, the beta males or THE ROOKIES! ITS FOR THE STRONG, THE SMART AND THE PEOPLE WHO PLAN ON SPENDING HOURS ON THEIR COMPUTER!!!these matches dont take 5 minutes, they take days.but no... just get the game... its 3am and i need sleep... dead bodies, there was so much soldiers bags on the ground... ""blacks out"""
,Recommended,505460,33923589,Posted: 31 July,all,Ｍａｋｅｎｂｏｓｈｉ,"A great top-down shooter game and fun to playYou can just be anything: Supply distributor, material crafter, front line soldier, even as a gate guard+no performance problem+crafting and base building+tactical gameplay+lots of servers and players+fun to play alone or with your friends-no ingame tutorial or tips-might be boring for some people, pushing objective would took a long time-might need a commander system to coordinate betterAnd this is just alpha...Can't wait for the full release"
76561197963788241,Recommended,505460,33935027,Posted: 31 July,all,Futnit,"43 hours in and I feel like this game has already payed for its self. I've held bridges, built out to connect fronts, organized logistics between swampers and frontline forces, lost an entire weekend. I was there when Black Well fell... I couldn't play this casually because I like to build and know whats going on but a lot (maybe most) people would probably be cool with grabing a gun and heading to the front for two or so hours. Really smart editing in the game design with the tools that they don't give you. No waypoints or mini map so you have to build effective meta  communication systems through chat and local voip. Need more ammo to fend off an attack, sorry, the truck got lost figure something out for another three minutes. There is nothing else like this. It reminds me of a lot of old war movies like Kelly's Heros and a Bridge To Far where you see all the moving parts to make a effort effective. Every session has been different and you will be forced to adapt to different situations if you are anything other than a pure PVP'r. Epic♥♥♥♥♥♥ probably going to cost me my job."
,Recommended,505460,33942874,Posted: 31 July,all,Mase,"Amazing game, has so much potential!!It is basically Company of Heroes, but then you are 1 soldier.You have to build everything yourself, do logistics for everything you or team mates build, move soldiers in trucks, move ammo in trucks. Build mega large defence structures. This game is so much fun!One downside is that because of the popularity I end up in cues like 381 on a 120 man server."
,Recommended,505460,33980687,Posted: 2 August,all,MrJJuK,"Buy this game NOW!play the pre-alpha and loved it.If you like building mass bases and defensive lines, shooting up mofo's and blasting fools then get this ♥♥♥♥ing game NOW!!10/10with so much more to come."
76561198057075005,Recommended,505460,34009640,Posted: 3 August,all,Zacholas,"I want to address the elephant in the room, my play time. While it isn't much, I wanted to review the game when its true value first dawned on me. Foxhole is the title of this game for a numbed of reasons. First, one of the most antagonizing structures in the game, and two, the game's first impressions. At the start, I was not expecting a thrill. I was walking towards a regular building, and upon turning the corner, greeted by an array of gunfire. Unexpected, this ""foxhole"" easily dispacheted me. You see, Foxhole is not a game that may first appeal to you, but once it does, it will captivate your senses and have you spending countless hours pushing the same base. I started off disliking the game. I am not a fan of top down shooters at all, but for some reason, I bought this game. I am delighted I did. Tonight, I decided to rejoin my previous server, curious to see the progression. Nothing was changed, so I decided to take a shot at being a soldier. Tonight, I pushed, I died, I barked orders, I shot teammates in the back accidently, I blew myself up, and I became an impactful leader of the push on the town. Soon, I was leading a group of 10+ into a small gap in the enemy's walls. Wave after wave we would push that gap, flooding through and blowing up more walls to allow for even more soldiers to run through. It took two hours for my team to finally capture the base. Soon, as my squad walked around ruined buildings, blood splatters, and corpses, logistics arrived. The people who had assured an endless supply of ammo for the battle, arrived and the base was rebuilt.Foxhole is not an ordinary game. It's fun may not appear to you your first time playing. But give it time, and you will have bought one of your favourite games.I'm not doing much tomorrow night, so you can expect me to be on the western side of the map, throwing HE grenades and barking, ""lets go get em' boys!"" until the early hours of morning."
,Recommended,505460,34059252,Posted: 6 August,all,Scoops,"Foxhole is just an awesome game, people are friendly and helpfull to eachother.If you like teamwork than i will recommend this game for you. create your squad and fight till the end of days."
,Recommended,505460,34096470,Posted: 7 August,all,☭COMMIE☭,Would scout as medic with no guns again10/10
76561198092217284,Recommended,505460,34115394,Posted: 8 August,all,Heckman,the most cooperation and teamwork i've ever seen needed in a game
,Recommended,505460,34022771,Posted: 4 August,all,Syreio,"Spawn, get supplied, walk to front, get shot, repeat. over and over and over again."
76561197967491995,Recommended,505460,34030523,Posted: 4 August,all,Renegade Sperm Blaster,Wonderful game and an excellent community!
76561197965046815,Recommended,505460,34071088,Posted: 6 August,all,Geoffrey,"This is a very unique gem in my opinion, it is a more fleshed out beefier version of Running with Rifles.  Best way to describe it is my experience over a few days at the start of playing.Day 1 - Spawn in no idea what is going on with hardly any direction, I end up reading the on screen help/tutorial message which does give basics to movement, how to get weapons etc.  After reading this I kit myself out with a rifle and a good 15 clips of ammo (don't yell at me I was a newb) then proceeded to look at the map and go what the hell do i do now.  Luckily a truck pulled up alongside me and a good 15 other new players the driver then proceeds to yell GET IN YOU'RE ALL GOING TO THE FRONTLINES NOW over his microphone.  So I and 5 others clamber aboard this rickety truck to go to war all excited to finally see the action in the game.  We drove for 5 minutes before we hit some giant gate in the middle of the road, the driver then yells get out its the enemies gate and base! Before anyone could react we got blown up by 3 RPG's.Day 2 - After the events of day 1 and playing a bit more figuring out that some people need to play logistics transporting items, resources and people around and others being the infantry etc.  I finally decided i was going to be that guy who got to yell at people and shuffle them up to die at the front lines.  I loaded my truck in the same fashion and began driving to the frontlines stated by chat and by using a radio in game.  I quickly discovered many people would run on the roads and road kill is a very common thing.... On this first mission to transport fresh meat to the grinder I was driving past a column of 20+ people following a CPL into battle on foot, only for myself to run over said CPL and about 10 of his foot soldiers due to an invisible wall bumping me into them.  (The squish sound was amazing)Fast forward now to around 10 days+ I myself hold the rank of CPL in game from commendation system. I now try to help new players learn as veterans taught me on day 1+.  I also found myself getting run over in the same spot in same fashion as said CPL from day 2 :) (Karma)With my story complete very simply put as my conclusion if you are a fan or don't mind a top down control system that is also a shooter, a game that relies on teamwork more than anything, no sense of hand holding aside from helpful people in your team on that server.  While all at the same time being competitive or just hang back relax and be the resupply or transport guy.  Give this game a shot it really is a hidden gem even if it might be slow at the start or have somewhat dry periods from stagnant defenses stopping either side from pushing their frontlines.  It really feels like World War 1 at times and other times World War 2 with urban infantry combat that is both fast paced but tactical."
,Recommended,505460,33959601,Posted: 1 August,all,RedPandaBro,"This Game is SO AWESOME. I enjoy working in squads to take over the map. One thing I think should happen is they should make the ending more exciting and not just ""The colonials have won."" or whatever it says. Put a animation and like a time to say gg to everyone who spent so much time trying to win that war with you."
,Recommended,505460,33960893,Posted: 1 August,all,MEMDIC,Euro truck simulaitor 1943.
,Recommended,505460,33962163,Posted: 1 August,all,Koterboat,"You can be whatever kind of soldier you want.You can be a truck transport driver, a fueler, a medic, a combat engineer, a field artillery crewmember , a mortarman, even an officer.You can run supply lines, ambush convoys, mass produce weaponry, manufacture vehicles. Whether you run logistics, or fight on the front, your efforts will shape the outcome of a war."
76561198159215796,Recommended,505460,33969082,Posted: 2 August,all,MotherPrussia,ıf you like Euro Truck simulator you'll love doing logistics in this game.
76561198068615700,Recommended,505460,33973282,Posted: 2 August,all,Jake,"It's hard to properly put the Foxhole experience into words. Basically, if you have 1 or more friends who will play the game with you, buy it. Solo experience sucks unless you are an experienced player or running logistics (team structure/weapon/ammo building materials).The major balance issues were all fixed during demo phase (pre early access) except for a few particular but by no means game breaking vehicles/structures. The devs are responsive to the player base and make bi-weekly VLOGs discussing community suggestions and grief. My only grievance is the steep learning curve for new players and the server issues, but when you have a community of 500 turn into 20,000 in a week, those things tend to be a bigger issue then they will be later on. The base game is worth $20, so the continued content makes it plenty worth $20."
76561197970699949,Recommended,505460,33986734,Posted: 2 August,all,Friendly,pretty stoked with this game tbh . it a game a didnt know i wanted to play until i saw it. it feels a bit like the original planetside.
,Recommended,505460,33995921,Posted: 3 August,all,Weizen [CoN],"I really like it! It is extremely team oriented. With a small group of 4-5 coordinated members, you could absolutely dominate. So far I've only played as infantry and played as a corpsman. Combat can be pretty intense and ambushed are really scary. I got separated from my squad of 6 after a small skirmish and tried flanking way west of the village we were attempting to take from South to North.I found an open gate in between a rocky pass and decided to creep through it as it was very out of the way. I saw a few pill boxes and bunkers that appeared to be abandoned but still made my way up cautiously. Saw a guy patrolling in a clearing and shot him with a .308 to the back of the noggin. As he lay bleeding out, he screamed ""SOUTH WEST, SOUTH WEST, CONTACT"", and died. I ran to hide as a small search party of engineers & guards with shotguns/submachineguns came to investigate. After most moved on, I got up from a little spot I found near a wall and made my way further Northwest. As I did -- BANG. BANGBANGBANGBANGBANG.I got shot to♥♥♥♥♥♥ The enemy search party fell back and setup, anticipating my further approach.This game is definitely Alpha but still a blast. There seems to be a somewhat moderate to steep learning curve. I anticipate on learning more but have had a blast so far."
,Recommended,505460,33997716,Posted: 3 August,all,Danielinnv,much good
76561198365765409,Recommended,505460,34002447,Posted: 3 August,all,PaPaFranku,"Honestly... this game is too good to be rated, i fomt even know what to say..... I WILL say that colonials are a bunch of filthy cucks!! Okay now back to serious, me and 6 other wardens held crows nest on weathered expanse for 8 HOURS real life. It was honestly the most fun ive had gaming in a long time. The cucks had us outnumbered 3 to 1, yet 2 engineers and 3 HMG's in bunkers and foxholes kept them off of our last shirt supply town long enough for early morning gamers to rotate out with us all nighters. I cant tell you enough about crows nest but lets just say that if it was a real place there would be no top soil left lol all the arty and♥♥♥♥♥♥blowing up all the time. Plus decesed players everywhere. We fought them inch for goddamn inch in that town and to eveyones surprise we took back tge whole town in the morn, and more people started joining wardens. We ended up securing an enemy outpost and rown that day too. It was ♥♥♥♥img bloody lmaoSo at the end of this i will say... GET THIS GAME BEFORE IT LOSES HYPE!!!!"
76561198000704229,Recommended,505460,34022986,Posted: 4 August,all,Aqua,After my first game I can say that this has soo much potentsial. Super fun and tactical gameplay where you have to cordinate with other players or you will never win. Lets see where they take this.
76561198074781469,Recommended,505460,34028818,Posted: 4 August,all,Ragingdonut,"If a game can make being a wartime UPS driver fun, and then you know you got a gem. The combats fun and intense, and there are few trolls to be found. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,505460,34029217,Posted: 4 August,all,Walla,"I don't really like MMOs, the RPG ones in particular, but this one really stands out. You don't have to worry about leveling and that you will never be better then someone who's life revolves around the game, merely your skill reflects on this. This game also heavily includes co operation, so if someone is a♥♥♥♥♥♥they will be shunned, kicked, or banned depending on the offense, so don't worry about that. This is also the first war game that really brings supplies and logisitics into a game, an example would be that if a team cuts off anothers supply route to a town, that town can starve and eventually fall. Although there is one bad thing, which is the ranking system. I've found Privates or no ranks often doing more then Sergeants. This is due to the system that is inplace for ranking, and it's kinda broken as you can just get clan members and friends to rank you up. Regardless, this is better then a lot of war games and yet is in early access, the dev team seems active in the community as well. Would reccomend getting this if you're into the genre."
76561198137330054,Recommended,505460,34032916,Posted: 5 August,all,[CSF]Schrödinger,Frigin amazing
76561198050304013,Recommended,505460,34059920,Posted: 6 August,all,Chadorama,this is frikin great its a toy soldier game with a really good community
,Recommended,505460,34065634,Posted: 6 August,all,mikok,This game has one of the nicest communities out there and game itself has so much potential. Smoother/faster way to join the servers and adding more EU servers would make it a 5/5
76561198037768500,Recommended,505460,34071967,Posted: 6 August,all,Robin Da Hood,"Play the damn game for an hour, if you don't like it return it....enough said."
,Recommended,505460,34074830,Posted: 6 August,all,Dutchoper72,Spent 2 hours in a foxhole killing wardens. Really lives up to the name 10/10
76561198355528873,Recommended,505460,34075189,Posted: 6 August,all,brad.lougheed,This game is bloody fantastic.. the best way for me to explain it is command and conquer for adults.. which is exactly what I hoped for. this game has so much... you can fight.. you can build..you can transport goods to and from the front... everything needs to be done to support the war effort.. and you must work as a team.. its perfect.
,Recommended,505460,34076084,Posted: 7 August,all,Delta Δ,"I got this game a few days after launch, and since then i haven't played another game. I already have 55 hours on it now! This game is awesome. There are very few games of it's kind like this, and foxhole is certainly the best of them. And it's not like it's alpha that the playerbase is poor: no, most servers are completely full, but waiting times are also not a problem. The only thing that's not so good is that there is always this player in your team who throws grenades on teammates, etc."
,Recommended,505460,34081637,Posted: 7 August,all,Kamikazie,"Te game is amazing. There are a few trolls, but generally it brings the gaming community together. There are those who like to play games like railroad tycoon or farming simulator and they run logistics. There are those who like to play RTS and they kill people. There are those who like to play city builders like Sim City and they build defense and harden the claimed areas.It really is a great mix of teamwork, and your able to switch roles as needed."
,Recommended,505460,34296205,Posted: 16 August,all,[APE] DeathWatches,"Incredible fun, even though this game is in early access and Ive put in nearly 30 hours in the past 4 days. Ive come accross two Issues: One, on occasion when turning around near a Foxhole, the truck will immediately jump on top of the darn thing and ge tstuck, and since theres no collision in the game it's gotta be blown up. 2nd on is Locked trucks! theres been many an occasion that Ive come accross either a claimed truck or just locked truck that has around 600 Basic or Explosive Materials only to be stopped by claimed or locked trucks. Other then that, Incredible game.Engineers are the unsung heroes of this game, don't screw with them."
,Recommended,505460,34300291,Posted: 16 August,all,White Powerade,Suicide bombing is actually somewhat effective... sometimes...
76561197988422209,Recommended,505460,34303362,Posted: 17 August,all,Anti Christ,"Love this game.I spent 1 match sat at the back building weapons, ammo and vehicles.  I'd call out for supplies and they'd be dropped, I'd shout out for whats needed at the front, get a response, make it and call for collection, boom logistics in, collected taken to front.  At one point there were logistics trucks queued up to drop materials and collect for the run to the front.Troops would come to me and ask how to play, I'd explain whilst crafting weapons, ammo and vehicles.  They'd hang around my weapons/vehicle crafting depots and hop in the logistics trucks when they'd run to the front, it was all very efficient.Only once have I seen 2 players who came in together steal and TK, but they were dealt with quickly and removed from server.  Everyone is nice and helpful, if they borrow something, it's returned quickly.It's a massive team game, shout out to all the logistics and scrappers supplying the front so they can push."
76561197977093642,Recommended,505460,34311991,Posted: 17 August,all,Blaze,"I was commanding a squad of 6 random volunteers at a bridgeWe were holding a gate, we had the entire bridge locked down but they breaching our side bit by bit at a single hole in our wallThey take out like 3 of our do0dzSuddenlyAnother ally soldier runs up the road, to the gate, opens itThere's like 5 enemy soldiers thereI was raging so hard, our whole squad got shot upAnd I'm like 'If you don't shut the gate right now they are going to♥♥♥♥♥♥into this island''In their 100s'He runs to gate and dies immediately xDNow I am like 1v11 defending our bridge entranceCrouch behind cover and prepare to dieDead buddy has Heavy Machine Gun and 1 clip leftSet up gun on bag and rain hell on enemyDie in blaze of glory10/10 would watch pleb ruin game again xxx"
,Recommended,505460,34333005,Posted: 18 August,all,[FF]Pvtdonut,"Strong teamwork, a lot to do in every match, good combat and mechanics,  days long battles with a sense of progress, combat is always fun, day night cycles over the course of an hour, updates about every 2 weeks with actual content additions, the list goes on and on.As it sits the game could release in full and I'd be fine with it, the price point is good if not great for what it is.  People causing trouble in your games or friendly firing and whatnot are easily removed with 60 people on your team to help report.  The community is very helpful and it's really just new new players you need to watch out for causing trouble.Overall this game works well for anything you love to do from combat to logistics to building and securing outposts.  It's one of the most enjoyable multiplayer experiences I've had in years."
76561198059444924,Recommended,505460,34363191,Posted: 19 August,all,SOFUCKINGLONELY,"This game is excellent, I loved Running with Rifles, but to compare it to this ""MMO"" is just wrong, with the newest update including bayonets has come Insane Bayonet charges!"
76561198056157313,Recommended,505460,34365897,Posted: 19 August,all,Doctor Manhattan,"very fun, most servers i join have very nice players that will work together with you. Some people can be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s but the mostly get banned sooner or later. I really enjoy the scale of war and how in depth logistics goes in this. It stresses the importance on infastructure and planning that makes this game have an edge over other games similar. I can't wait to see what features they add and how this game grows over it's development cycle."
76561198028360557,Recommended,505460,34422685,Posted: 22 August,all,Jimbo Skeeter,Absolutely amazing game! You can easily sink 100 hours into it without getting anywhere close to bored. 20 hours divided by 100 = .20 cents. You willing to spend 20 cents an hour for the most fun you can have?
,Recommended,505460,34473890,Posted: 24 August,all,Ghost Poop,"Very fun, cooperative game that will consume hours of your life. My biggest pro is the wide range of roles you can take part in. The game is pretty deep for how early in development it is."
76561198007040826,Recommended,505460,34478374,Posted: 25 August,all,Quaidorade,"I have played this game two times so far, and this is what I have to say.What just really set this off as a great game happend the day of writting this. A friend and I decided to do a two man morter team, and harras an enemy city to draw there forces away from the main fight. We unintentially rounded up five more people (Whom we are about to find out are great players) and headed to the enemy city. We edged to a possition where we have some solid targets to hit. One spotter, three men on mortors, and the rest on defence. We take out a couple fox holes, the spawn center, and a couple other fortified locations. Upon running out of ammunition for the mortors we decide to storm the city as a last ditch sucide mission. We completely clear the city without a single loss. Low on medical supplies, and ammo we spend the next 2 hours fending off the enemy as they try and retake the town. Us seven men repel attack after attack scavanging all of our supplies off the bodies of the enemy we kill. By the luck of Zeus we discover 80 shirts (respawn tokens). We manage to get a barracks up just in time to be hit from three directions by fifteen or so enemy. During the enemy assalt I ran out of ammo and beat a man to death with my fists while he tried to reload his rifle. Our team managed to get a construction vehicle to us. We fed it supplies by all of us only holding 50supplies and sprinting all together through enemy territory allowing a precious few to make it alive and get the town hall built and under our control. Nearly two hours in and finally the town is officialy captured in our name. Our team now realizing we arn't just a squad that ran to their deaths, sends us more men and supplies completely wiping the enemy from the area. What started as us trying to annoy the enemy team turned into seven men changing the entire war.This is just a tiny porly told glimps of what was one of the best moments I have had in a game in a very long time.There are so many ways you can play this game, but you have to work for it sometimes. There are no rails, there isn't a disembodied voice whispering hints to you, and there is no ""restart"". I feel like not enough people relize this going in. Yes your team is going to yell at you, yes they are going to try asigning you tasks, and yes sometimes you need to do tedious tasks. This is a team game though and all those are nesisary for victory. You need to be vocal and ask questions. You're not just going to jump into the game for the first time and be in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Getting men and weapons to the battle field is all part of this game. It's pace can be very slow and at times to fast to process. I think to many people that are leaving a negitive review  are jumping into this thinking its going to play like a first person shooting, it most assuredly is wont."
76561197993721510,Recommended,505460,33836374,Posted: 27 July,all,[PUG] Brute-Farce,"Foxhole is a truly unique wargame where a small group or individual can have a critical effect on the outcome of a battle.Skillfully and deliberately utilizing the variety of weapons and vehicles in direct combat against the enemy is only one way to play the game.  Many players instead choose to focus on logistical operations, scouting and sabatoge, or (when they have larger groups) even command!Foxhole can be difficult to play alone and it may get more out of the game if you play with friends.  There is an official foxhole discord channel you can join to make finding like-minded players easier.With some practice and some friends, this game is an experience that I cannot say is ""like"" any other game out there.  Really a truly unique game that is absolutely worth a try!"
,Recommended,505460,33861872,Posted: 28 July,all,Freefall1984,"So, good things about Foxhole?It's a well polished game with lots of potential, the general idea is brilliant. It runs incredibly well on even low end machines, the nature of the game forces good teamwork resulting in generally very friendly team mates who are just out to help their team with only very few griefers/trolls. Because everything is so team based you end up with different groups of people specializing in different things. Some groups form just strictly grinding and supplying, some groups form to defend or attack the front lines, and some groups form up to sneak around behind enemy lines and cause trouble, and some people will specialize in building defenses and fortifying the bases. Basically they've taken the best elements out of an MMO, and put it in a war setting as a top down shooter, then added in some elements of a strategy game, some resource gathering, and added in loads of base building elements as well as a mandatory requirement to operate as a team. In all I can see this game being very successful.Now for the bad. They really need to fix the vehicle kills and locked vehicles. Its so easy to accidentally run over a few of your teammates because they jump out and you turn around killing them. It needs changing so they are simply pushed back, parhaps while taking some damage. But the insta kill can be incredibly frustrating. And the locked vehicles. I'm not sure what the current settings are for removing the locked status of vehicles after they've been abandoned, but after a few days the battlefield ends up littered with locked vehicles which can't be moved. often blocking the roads and making getting around a real pain. Fix this, and this game will be 10 times better then it currently is, and that is a lot.In all 9/10, fix the vehicles and that will jump to 10/10"
76561198006843401,Recommended,505460,33876844,Posted: 29 July,all,Cerba,I can't believe this game is in alpha. It's fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Community is great.
,Recommended,505460,33882886,Posted: 29 July,all,Beef Curry Barry,Foxhole is a great game for all kinds of players:Casual gamer? Hop in with your friends and have great fun romping co-ordinating! Great for teamwork building etcFilthy tryhard gamer? Find a group of like minded individuals in your faction and form a strike force of elite soldiers to carry your noob teammates!
,Recommended,505460,33899758,Posted: 30 July,all,👌MEGA THOT👌,I've seen many good men run over by trucks.
76561198046546935,Recommended,505460,33900404,Posted: 30 July,all,InigoNotMontoya,"Wow, where do I even begin? Should I start with the amazing base-building system which allows you to build pretty much all of the structures you'll see in the game? Or should I expand upon the unique and challenging combat this game offers. Either way, I've already spent 21 hours of my life in this game I've owned for a total of 3 days because I jsut can't put it down. Every action you, as a soldier matters, is persistent, and will either help carry your team to victory or find them crippling defeat. Don't expect to be a one man army, a hero, or anything like that; you are not the main character. Everyone is cog in the rumbling machine that is this centuries-long war with WWI-WWII era technology, but don't be disheartened. Just because you may feel small in the vastness of your army, you as a soldier can help keep the front supplied so your team can hold back the enemy. Or you can relay vital information to the rest of the team via the in-game comms. Or perhaps leading is more your style, well you'll be surprised that people tend to actually listen to you! This game has something for everyone, and while it does have its issues (for now, the relatively small player cap per server of 120) the devs are really building something fantastic, and deserve your support. So, what are you waiting for soldier? Get in the fight!"
76561198019386954,Recommended,505460,33904451,Posted: 30 July,all,[24thRgt]Teal'c,"This game is really addictive and great fun solo or with friends.Only real negative is getting back into servers you were in a day or so ago due to huge queues on some servers, though this is ok as even being a newman the game is still really accessible. It can be a pain if you pick a side on a losing server though many people try to see the fun side and enjoy lasting as long as they can."
76561198296488950,Recommended,505460,33912127,Posted: 30 July,all,gottagoedhart,"ive been watching this game on youtube for a long time, and i was so happy to start up the game for the first time. the game does a very good job at the combat and resource systems. for combat there is a ton of stratagy, you can intersept enemy supplie lines, build FOBs , and construct a defence.there are also alot of wepons and vehicals to play around with. then there are the logistics. you can get a truck to drive around and get resources witch you then make ammo and guns and more trucks.over this is an amazing game.ps, everything in the game is made by a person"
,Recommended,505460,33919670,Posted: 30 July,all,StealPro,This game is AMAZING
76561197978305370,Recommended,505460,33921798,Posted: 30 July,all,Gov. Rick Perry,Teamfire Get Run Over Simulator 2017 is amazing!
,Recommended,505460,34132141,Posted: 9 August,all,Nyash,Amazing.
,Recommended,505460,34185847,Posted: 12 August,all,the AIM guy,"if i wasn't mentally challenged i think i could contribute. maybe. i dunno.it's fun either way.you might wanna have a mic, though. way more helpful than using the text chat."
76561198045718350,Recommended,505460,34221627,Posted: 13 August,all,Las the neko,"When you are drving truck, ferrrying supplies to the forward base then get drafted to ferry troops to front. Then said truck explodes you survive become a combat soldier then a medic all in one batle then you have had an exciting time. And this wasn't a pre-planed mission this all happen from player driven actions from the soldier drafting you to ferry troops, to you ferrying supplies to front, to you fighting the enemy to gain ground and take an enemy town. What Foxhole does is take the mmo concept and make fun again. And this is only alpha can't wait for when the full game is out."
,Recommended,505460,33959912,Posted: 1 August,all,Novis Initiis,"Set in an alternate universe sometime in the early 20th century, Foxhole provides a unique take on war games and strategy that would excite any fan of RTS's such as Company of Heros and StarCraft, while also providing a seemingly akward yet masterfully designed combat system that attracts your traditional shooter/FPS crowd.The game itself is divided between a half a dozen or so maps that each can hold up to 120 players, 60 for each side. Players control a single soldier, an Everyman who is equipped only with a pistol and a hammer. Each map varies in size, but all are appropriately sized where walking across it is simply not an option, and even in a full server entire fronts may be abandoned and shifted to meet the needs of its side and the grand strategy of its self proclaimed leaders.Players fight over towns, of which there are a multitude on each map. Scattered throughout are resource nodes where players may collect scrap, sulfur, components, and fuel which are refined and used to manufacture and build equipment, walls, gates, defenses, etc. Structures can be placed anywhere in the map, making every round unique and each map infinitely replayable.As a result, logistics and support are roles that are heavily critical to the success of a team. A player can spend hours collecting resources, crafting equipment, driving vehicles, ferrying troops, and in general simply supplying the front lines to make sure your GIs don't run out of ammo or spawns.Support players can spend an entire campaign collecting materials to build and upgrade support structures, walls, artillery, defenses, and the like. There are also somewhat in depth mechanisms to using howitzers and artillery, making a skilled artilleryman invaluable to any offensive or defensive effort.Finally, the frontline soldier is also a playable and critical role. The game of course is a top-down shooter, which may strike some as dated or akward. However the shooting mechanism is well done, using lines and your mouse to make trajectories clear and aiming relatively easy. Camera management is also a particular skill that comes in handy for those who want to maintain some competetive edge. There are a variety of weapons that are well balanced with noticeable attributes and drawbacks such as loading times, accuracy, and the like. Infantry also have access to tools such as grenades, mortars, RPGs, gas, HMGs, halftracks, and tanks, all of which gives a richness to the experience requiring strategy and forethought to every engagement, as well as making necessary the use of teamwork to accomplish any meaningful goal.Finally, games last for hours, normally reaching one to two days before the map is complete. As a result, there is a persistence to each game where the map has time to evolve, forcing players to cooperate with each other, form and Change strategies, and overall make every victory and defeat more meaningful due to the amount of shear effort and time that goes into every game.Overall this game is fantastic. It provides unique gameplay that rewards teamwork and gives a role for every kind of player to pursue and enjoy. I can only see the game getting better with age and more development, as there are already plans for increased scale and more gameplay mechanics that would improve an already fantastic base game."
76561198132851221,Recommended,505460,33990236,Posted: 3 August,all,ShockTrooper,"THE ONLY GAME THAT IVE LOVED TO PLAY WHILE IN EARLY ACCESSITS THE MOST POLISHED TURD YOU WILL EVER LOVE!!!Highly recommend you this game!!!.my first time loading the game up i played 22hrs straight with a few breaks here and there.slight learning curve but with everyone being full of knowledge and willingness to help you will learn fast.many roles to play!! and every one is a rifle man first so when ever how ever you find your self in a bind you can always just start slugging rounds.commidation are great- why? cause it makes people want to be freindly to earn them as how you rank in the game i love it. makes for a great ejoyable time with your faction.logistics the back bone of the war and thats that and its fun running around collecting and crafting and knowing that your rounds WILL BE DROPPED ON SOME POOR BAST-ARDS HEAD!! by one of your own.its super fun find your self burnt from fighting go medic or tank crew even mortor  crew  heavygun team ect. the front got your bored? (UNLIKELY)go logistics its fun.ENGINEER-if either fighting or logi isnt your thing fear not theres a spot for you!! build up defensses and hold ground, work behind the front line and set up trenches and get ready to STAND TOO! when your offense meets a greater defensethers alot i love about this game and JESUS knows how much there is and how it all takes in to effect a grand scale battle feild and how much effert it is to win a war.last!ive been in a server that has gone on for about 75day=75hrs in real timeive spent 33hrs fighting logi and engi and everything else.GET THIS GAME CAUSE YOUR MISSION OUT!!!"
,Recommended,505460,33998311,Posted: 3 August,all,Shrouky,Honestly a fantastic game but the only issue I had was that I didn't know what I was doing at the beginning and also If you are a lone wolf and you don't like communicating then I don't really recommend this.
76561198096331234,Recommended,505460,34160742,Posted: 10 August,all,Duelin' Richard,>Arrive at frontline outpost>Defend outpost for 30 mins of nonstop fighting and win>Push forward with 19 guys and have trenchwarfare style fighting over a bridge>stalemate for 40+ minutes taking over 50 casulties on our team from gas attacks>push bridge and fight over town on other side of bridge eventually taking town>Bring up mortar to bomb enemy postions>logistics to town with supply and push>Get direct hit by a mortar in a large final attack with tanks and infantry. 10/10 love this game
76561198073173885,Recommended,505460,34272937,Posted: 16 August,all,[5thH]McSausager,"A smart, teambased RTS meets 3rd person shooter decorated with a well done artstyle and game mechanics.Still early access but already proper playable.The Devs are responsive and so far busy working at their game.The community is alive and growing. Sometimes you get the usual multiplayertrolls and mindless PEWPEW-kids, but all in one it's better than in the most games.High hopes included for foxhole."
,Recommended,505460,34276889,Posted: 16 August,all,Cmdo.Delta,"I'm surprisingly amazed by this game. At first, you could think of a pretty ordinary RTS... Then you realize that the soldiers, each one of them, are a player.. One and only... 60 players vs 60 players... What can you do in this game?1- gathering ressources (5 types)2- out of this, 3 kind can be refined to craft, 1 is fuel for vehicles and 1 is tech part to upgrade buildings (unlock more crafts and more features in buildings)3- with ressources, build and upgrade buildings strategically with other players, craft guns, ammunitions and vehicles4- build defenses around important buildings and areas, fight enemies, gain lands and secure them for your team..But don't forget that every thing you do, enemy team will do it aswell.. And rebuilding what's been destroyed will be a constant task... So make sure the supply line is well coordinated and protected... So they can constantly bring materials to consolidate front lines.. So soldiers are not missing ammos, weapons and accessories... But the enemy team will do just the same right?  Send a sneaky team behind their lines to perturbate their supply line, to force their soldiers to split up and make sure your army is stronger so they can push harder.Only weakness of this game? No appropriate communication system is in place. There is a VOiP for local taking but nothing for long distance. So people type in chat... But chat is being ignored constantly.. And there is no way to put a player in charge..  A player with a map that could see everything that was built and give orders.. Many servers are pretty messy because you can never know what's going on, where is the front, what buildings are upgraded, what the front is missing...  No real integrated hierarchical system.. Its an army we are talk about.. They should have that.. Not asking about a real time upgraded map for every soldier.  But a way to report buildings,  to make an updated map that soldier could gov at hq and get..  this game needs that badly. Other than this, it's awesome."
76561198181712759,Recommended,505460,34332521,Posted: 18 August,all,Corinthians9:24,The best game i have ever played!!!
,Recommended,505460,33837909,Posted: 27 July,all,Björnis,I love it. Shoot me in the head please.
,Recommended,505460,33901675,Posted: 30 July,all,noobtia,>buy game>looks fun>rush few times with comrades to frontline>get killed>it's my time to to craft stuff>I craft and arm our glorious army>hundreds of rifles>hundreds of SMGs>thousands ammo>decide to go back to frontline>get killed10/10 super fun
76561197966821208,Recommended,505460,33941041,Posted: 31 July,all,BadFish,"Put the kids down @ 8, sit down to play....aaaaand it's 4:30am.  I literally haven't moved. What the hell happened? Careful guys.  This one grabs a hold hard.  Once you get over the short but punishing learning curve, it opens up into a truly amazing game.  All the different aspects, such as logistics, combat, command and organization, everything just work amazingly well together.  It has it's flaws and annoyances that I'm guessing will be addressed soon, but the fundamenatals are rock solid.  There are so many cool moments that pop up as you play.  And when you put in the effort and manage to cobble together enough players to execute effective attacks the game really shines.Company of Heroes is possibly my all time favortie game because it had such strategic depth.  This game may actually surpass it.  You need to be smart to win.  Allocate your effort and resources effectively.  Be aggressive.  Keep the enemy off balance.  Be unpredictable.  The same things that work in your typical strategy games work here.  But you also are tying in things like supply lines and teamwork into the equation, and it works very well.If there's one major con it's that games take a loooong time.  You can start on a new server, get totally invested, and the game will drag on for dozens of hours or even days.  I've never played a time suck like this.  It's fun as hell and I love it.  I just can't play it anymore because it will ruin my life and marriage.  But hey, you should enjoy it."
76561198148382858,Recommended,505460,33996656,Posted: 3 August,all,Aaron,"Had absolutely no clue what was going on for about half an hour but once you start to understand, you realise the depth that is involved in this game. It is literally like a WW2 RTS game except each player plays as an individual unit. Base building, resource gathering, crafting of armaments and fighting is all done by players. This game has a lot of potential!"
,Recommended,505460,33997378,Posted: 3 August,all,Haatana,The game is just amazing!
76561198215360569,Recommended,505460,33998936,Posted: 3 August,all,Wardy [FoE],"Best game i have bought in the last year to be honest, Many developers these days just release an idea for a game for full price and turns out to be complete rubbish, but foxhole is a solid game from the start. Recommend to anyone looking for a gun fight and organised gameplay."
,Recommended,505460,34001520,Posted: 3 August,all,McDonaldsnapkin,"This game has great potential and as of now is going in a great direction. Note that this game is not for everyone as there is a lot of slow paced gameplay. There's a lot of things that have to be done in this game that people consider ""boring"" like running logistics. But for me, I find a joy out of delivering troops to the front line and dropping off a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of supplies making me feel like I actually made a difference. The community is MOSTLY friendly. Yes there are trolls, but there are in everygame. Most people that play this game though take it very seriously or serious enough to where they wont ♥♥♥♥ with you. Mostly because a kick from a server also instantly results in a ban, and there's only like 20 or so servers. One thing I do wish would change is bigger maps with more players and less useable buildings per town. I think having more towns with more important buildings would help with the snowball effect that is currently present in this game. Once an enemy takes one town its hard to comeback at all because they'll cut off like 25% of your production of a certain resource. I think if the maps were just a tad bigger with about twice as many towns and with more resource/production in each town it'd make capturing each town not as brutally punishing for the defending team and will actually let them have an opportunity to still win. The game is still very great though and have loads of fun playing. I recommend It right now for its price-point and the content it has to offer. I also think that tech should run by time maybe??? I dont know but another issue is the fact that sometimes one team is good at managing tech and if the other one isn't than you can get steamrolled by a tank push late game or other stuff. I think the whole tech system right now could definetly use a revamp of some type though where is just goes by passively with time."
,Recommended,505460,34029524,Posted: 4 August,all,Valkyrie_,"I bought this game  Aug 3, 2017 @ 11:06pm, its now Aug 5 @ 04:33am. Out of the 29 hours i've owned the game, 17 have been spent playing it. No regrets whatsoever. I absolutely love the game so far, any toxic players get booted fairly quickly and the community as a whole is pretty helpful, the only issue I have with the game is the current lack of an anti-cheat. HOWEVER, I don't believe i've ran into a hacker so far, considering this has been in the top sellers since a few days after launch, i'd say its a pretty good testament to the integrity of the community, though again, an anti-cheat should be next on the dev's list :D This game is a new favourite and something more in-depth'll be added here once i've seen more of what the game has to offer in it's current state."
76561198097281421,Recommended,505460,34062757,Posted: 6 August,all,Prof.Dr.Kwee,I love the Logistics and supply chain system. You cant even get a bulllet without crafting. This game TOTALLY depends on teamwork and every part of your input might be helpful for the soldiers from Front-line.
,Recommended,505460,34072027,Posted: 6 August,all,Papa Optical,"Basically, Band of Brothers the game."
,Recommended,505460,34143866,Posted: 10 August,all,Rho,"in the first couple of hours i had to learn all the stuff you could do and it was rather unpleasant to play, but after a while this game is an amazing grand strategy game based on a really big team. Every action you do is an impact on a long lasting war. You can be part of the Logistic team and bring supplies to the front, you can build defense systems with the supplies or just join the front and charge the enemy, taking vital points to weaken the enemy. Everything is team and communication based and everyone has to do his part to win this war. It amazes me that everyone is rather doing productive things instead of annoying everyone else like in other games.Nice Community, nice new concept, nice Teamwork."
76561197996597294,Recommended,505460,34145654,Posted: 10 August,all,[202CR] Ivo,"So I got this game intending to play a few hours during the weekends. Then I gave myself mild insomnia because I played until the early morning, three nights in a row. Why? Because there's always another base to fortify, always another bridge to capture, always another tank to build. The game keeps you engaged by offering so many ways to contribute. Even the more boring tasks, like mining, can feel significant when you see how they affect the battlefield. It has more than enough content for an early access game.Foxhole, more than any other game I've played, gives you a sense of belonging to a massive team effort. You can feel it just by walking around the map: Miners tirelessly extract supplies to fuel the war machine, trucks packed with gear and infantry speed along the roads, soldiers discuss tactics over voice chat, medics dodge bullets to save their squad buddies, engineers build fortifications behind the frontlines, tank crews coordinate for armored assaults, etc. Every one of these jobs is done by a player, which makes the game feel alive in a very organic way. This, combined with the frequent use of local voice chat and a tendency for players to role-play by talking like soldiers (using military jargon, screaming for medics, squad leaders giving pep talks), gives a great sense of immersion.If you're unclear as to what exactly you can do in the game, here's a list of distinct tasks/roles you can take on:- Frontline infantry (riflemen, machine gunners, mortar and anti-armor crews)- Infantry support (medics, scouts, commandos/saboteurs, combat engineers)- Armor (half-tracks and tanks)- Artillery- Logistics (material, equipment or troop transport)- Mining- Building (bases, fortifications and vehicles)Everyone spawns with just a pistol and a hammer, so picking a role is a simple matter of getting the right gear and getting to work. You can switch roles at any time by swapping your equipment.Finally, what I like most about Foxhole is that it naturally leaves you with war stories to tell. You'll remember the time you held a bridge alone against six enemies with only a rife and a grande launcher; or the time your squad entrenched itself on a hill for a last stand; or the time you were critically wounded behind enemy lines and a friendly medic came out of nowhere to save you; or the time you rolled over the enemy frontlines with a tank; or the time that... well, I think you get the idea.I'd love to heap more praise on the game, but I'm needed at the front!"
,Recommended,505460,34157432,Posted: 10 August,all,Phuck Phace,I called in sick for 2 days and did nothing but play this and sleep. I couldn't fail my comrades.
76561198059493609,Recommended,505460,33862671,Posted: 28 July,all,Asimov,"Foxhole came as a very welcoming surprise to me. I tend to take a week to decide wether to buy a game or not, but that wasnt the case with Foxhole. I saw it and bought it right away, and then also bought my friend a copy, all in the same day. The best thing about it is the interaction between players. For some reason, working as a team is super intuitive and easy to do, all players seem to be willing to cooperate.You might have heard people say that some games are only fun when you play it with friends, and that is also true in Foxhole. BUT there is a difference, the friends are going to be made IN GAME, and  i guarantee you, that after 3 min hanging arround at the HQ, you are going to make a friend and probably even a squad. After that, you and your newly formed squad will head into the frontline, and while you travel, you will socialize with them. And and you will get attached to them, and then, when the fight finally starts and one of your squad-buddy is hit or dies, you feel sad and angry. And that makes total sense because someone just shot a real friend! You get way more attached to them, than you would to NPCs and that just makes everything feel  very real and intense.The first time i played, i had no idea what was going on. I just spawned at the HQ, together with some other soldiers. We all instantly started interacting with each other and decided to attack an enemy base. We were 8 when we started travelling, and we became 14 when near the enemy base. In the mean time, we talked about war, the dunkirk film and about how this game is cool. Suddenly ‘’Poor Jimmy’’ (that was one of the guys name) is hit and dies instantly, we all do our best to find cover but half the squad dies in a few seconds. I and 5 others were able to find cover, and we started to return fire. Unfortunately one by one, we started dying, untill only me and Murdoc were alive. Murdoc ran away for his life and i tried to do the same, but just as i left cover, a shot came and hit me and i bled to death. And that was one of the most amazing things that ever happened to me in gaming, seeing my friends die was very sad, but i loved it because it just felt so real! No game has ever made me feel that way.And thats why i say JUST BUY THIS GAME ALREADY!!And btw, the Colonials stink. Wardens FTW!"
,Recommended,505460,33872019,Posted: 28 July,all,MiniBiggi,"Tank raided our HQ while I was at the gate. I heard the faint roar of the engine, but as it approached, I hear some small, tinny noise fade in..... it was music.The tank breached the gates of the base while the driver screamed charge, and amidst the explosions, I could hear The Final Countdown playing from the tank.The laughter I couldn't hold in cost me my life.Otherwise, amazing game. No kill counter, so the players play for the war and the experience of the game rather than kills. You can still rank up by being commended etc."
76561198056809569,Recommended,505460,33873197,Posted: 28 July,all,Mike,"This game is worth to buy. Even you are in SEA region, there are no lag issues. If you want to experience WW2 or WW1, this is the game for you. You are needed and the factions need you. I wil rate this game 9/10."
76561198047824886,Recommended,505460,33877092,Posted: 29 July,all,WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB,"I've had alot of fun playing this game. The gaming experience is really different compared to other games, I've never played anything like this before. This game will test your leadership and your decision making."
,Recommended,505460,33884483,Posted: 29 July,all,Chantaz,"This game is an amazing suprise.I'm an ARMA, BF1, old CoD fan, but at the same time I love sandbox games.Foxhole somehow brings everything together with realism, sandbox, AMAZING teamplay, real feel to it and very demanding strategy and battles. It's BRILLIANT.This is worth well those 20 EUR, The game runs great, looks great. Sure it is alpha, but there's tons of things to do, and since it's little MMO (60v60 or 50v50) the situation on the battlefield is always changing.Also, one thing you will not likely get in other titles. I've talked to around 30 players or so and EVERYONE is friendly and cares about objectives, everyone's effort is important and taking over a hostile point feels extremly rewarding. There's even an RP touch to it, because most of the people use voice chat and they tend to play with their characters.AWESOME, keep it up devs!"
76561198008675152,Recommended,505460,33884654,Posted: 29 July,all,Mrfury96,"Very fun, super friendly users who will tell you what to do if you get lost. 10/10 so far."
,Recommended,505460,33922635,Posted: 31 July,all,Nomadius,"Amazingly fun game, will update review in future"
,Recommended,505460,33968636,Posted: 2 August,all,SCOTTY,"-An Early Access game that has so much to offer for little space on your harddrive. A great team game with a lot to offer.-Its fast paced grind and attack, imagine if Rust and COH2 had a baby. A game that many have dreamed of.-Ofc there are some (Very Rare) Trolls and weak minded teammates. But majority of the time you will always have great people to rely on.-A game where your efforts are noticed and you reap rewards. Being promoted for your hard work and communication is a great feeling, unless you have all your friends to just commend you... If you also haven't noticed its on sale. So maybe get it?I salute all Colonials reading! Join The Coalition! Join the Winning team!"
,Recommended,505460,33977965,Posted: 2 August,all,WiseRevise,"Wow! The idea behind this game is amazing. There is nothing better than having an exchange of fire with the enemy that is dug in and have your armor come plowing through like they did in Band of Brothers to take a couple of yards for your front.The amount of team work is insane, but what gets me is the fact there are no griefers. People actually work together, armor moves to the weak sides when needed, and supplies are brought on request. If the community stays the way it is and the devs continue to add new content this game is going to explode on Steam.Buy it, love it, and run some damn supplies every once in a while."
,Recommended,505460,33993429,Posted: 3 August,all,Dose Me,"I bought this game on a total whim, which is something I rarely do. I also rarely purchase EA games anymore because they almost never leave early access. This game has been highly enjoyable, however. I see a lot of potential in this game. All the players take it pretty seriously and some incredible feats of teamwork are constantly on display in Foxhole. I believe it is priced appropriately, as well. This is a great Alpha."
,Recommended,505460,33994037,Posted: 3 August,all,Wuskul,Amazing game when you find a good teamplaying server.
76561198046605271,Recommended,505460,34006009,Posted: 3 August,all,ConnMovieMakers,Great Game! A lot of fun and I have been playing since pre-alpha. If you like strategy games and teamwork this is the game for you!
,Recommended,505460,34007282,Posted: 3 August,all,One Sneaky Bastard,"A lot of people will say ""The community is cancer"" or ""The griefing issue is insane"", in my experience, those people either instigate issues or are flat out lying.I have played damnest near 16 hours of Foxhole in two days alone, I haven't been able to put it down.This game, to me, is the pinacle of ""Easy to pick up, difficult to master"", there are many tactical intricacies that will take many hours to get down perfectly.You can go from driving along in a cargo truck convoy to being in an ambush, where howitzers and field guns are being fired left right and center, the sky is lit up with bullets and the ground is littered with casings in just a split second.In closing, should you get Foxhole? If you enjoy tactical games, this is DEFINATELY one for you, the community is nothing but friendly in my experience, always more than happy to teach new players the ropes, hells, I even had someone willing to walk a field MG from our home base all the way to the frontline, simply to help the team.Community : 9.5/10Optimisation : 9/10Strategy elements : 9/10Gameplay : 9/10Gunplay : 5/10 (I have no doubts that it will be addressed in due time, the devs seem very open and very happy to address issues in the game)"
76561198020647528,Recommended,505460,34061506,Posted: 6 August,all,Komrad,Realy Fun and addictive team game. with loads of depth and freedom of how you play
,Recommended,505460,34091146,Posted: 7 August,all,Jason,I will be the supplier of the monthok
76561198149776701,Recommended,505460,34227889,Posted: 13 August,all,Dumtskk,"based on my experience the game are graphically lag from mouse cursor to soldier movements at the lowest graphic setting. Overall game: extremely challenging, fully team based game. Its like 3D Runescape but with hazelnut cookies and a glass of milk."
76561198088254767,Recommended,505460,34228024,Posted: 13 August,all,Irish Jesus,"Amazing squad play, Would like a single player (coop) campaign with lots of AI and a few friends. Totally original design."
76561198043948984,Recommended,505460,34337842,Posted: 18 August,all,Azaniux,I got ran over by our logistics trucks more times then i got killed by enemies11/10 would get killed by my teammates again
,Recommended,505460,34339324,Posted: 18 August,all,Pill Collins,"Good devs, good community (so far), runs stable in alpha for most people and is a heck of a lot of fun. Looking forward to seeing where this goes in the future."
76561198012098765,Recommended,505460,34429633,Posted: 22 August,all,Lancestalker,"This game is amazing, I was instantly hooked. If it is this much fun in Alpha then I cannot wait to see the final product!"
76561198172148217,Recommended,505460,34011518,Posted: 4 August,all,Szbeno CSGO500,Like massive battles? Like economy games? Like games where players realy have to work like a real team?Then stop reading and buy the damm game
,Recommended,505460,34024115,Posted: 4 August,all,T3trahydr0,Players 114/120Join ServerYou are in a que.48 Players ahead of youITT: que is intentional to get everyone past the refund period
,Recommended,505460,34024761,Posted: 4 August,all,[N☼J] Rhopsawy,"Im usually against buying Early Acces games, but Foxhole seemed very interesting. And I must say, even this early in development the game is a lot of fun. It feels like playing a single soldier in an RTS game like Company of Heroes.Pros:-unique teamplay, where everyone in the server has to contribute to a common goal-fun playerbase, most of the players are helpful too-interesting setting and style-battles can be huge, and the feeling when friendly tanks arrive and break through their lines is awesome-making fun of the enemy via voice chat when they're bleeding out on the groundCons:-combat can sometimes be a bit clunky-it can be annoying when players dont work togetherI recommend this to anyone that likes strategy and sandbox games."
76561198130022864,Recommended,505460,34063863,Posted: 6 August,all,TheMightyBritish(™B),"O NOT BUY THIS GAME...I've warned you, do not buy this game. Unless you have no job, and are not looking for one. This game will ♥♥♥♥ you right up if you have a social life.Its basically company of heroes. But instead of commanding an army, you only command your self. You walk with WASD and can shoot. But its not really a shooter, its more a tactical teamplay game. If you ever played the RTS company of heroes then you know you cannot simply run into an MG nest.The basic of the game is teamplay, some people need to go get the resources. The raw resources have to be brought to the factory, then weapons and other items can be made wich also have to be transferred to the diffrent front lines you got going. This all has to be done by transport trucks driven by real players. The enemy could intercept those trucks.Example of gameplay: I walked into one of our frontline towns, at the townhall there were 2 guys , 3 sandsbugs and a broken truck no one had the keys to. We stand our ground for 1 solid hour befor backup arrived with building materials. During this hour we got enemy fire and return fire.After 3 hours of gameplay, we turned this 3 guys, 3 sandsbags and the broken truck into: Fortified walls, Turrets, Bunkers, Factorys, 25+ people, Hospital and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of guns. We did a succesfull counter attack and pushed back the enemy enemy lines. We then flanked one of the near by towns wich were fighting for hours already and we succeed freeing our second frontline foxtrot.This game is really nice when you meet the right people, i've only met a handfull of trolls so far."
76561198082365863,Recommended,505460,34077505,Posted: 7 August,all,[82DK]-FO.-Warrior044,"Greetings Everyone,First please note that i have like 400 Hours on this game, but Beginning of August with end of Pre-Alpha Phase and start of Early Access it has been reseted.So What is Foxhole? It is a Persistend War Simulation of an Fictive world divided by Two factions Wardens, and Colonials, It is located in the Area between first and Second World War, around 1920's . It is Played in a Top-down Shooter view with 120 Players (60 per team) on each server. BUT in Pre alpha there was already the Concept of an World Conquest tested, So in the Future the different Servers and Maps will be connected (again) so you can travel from one region to the other.The unique thing about Foxhole is, That every Bullet, every Rifle, every piece of fortification, granade, truck, tanks or Ressources are Mined, refined and Produced by a Player in Game.I For example a the Commander of the Logistic in one of the Mayor Clans (82DK obiviously from my name). from 60 Players on our Team there are like 10 Players who are only doing Logistic to provide everything, from Respawns supplies (to respawn closer to the front) over ammunition to even amored vehicles or Materials to Fortify.POS and CONS:+Many Servers which are very well visited (20 servers, around 5 are always full, 6 more half way full)+and actzive and very helpfull Community (exspecially on Discord)+Devs are highly attentive, and are in direct contact with community (again discord)+Many well orginzad Clans on Both sides and even Neutral clans who switch sides (boooo!)+TEAMWORK IS REQUIRED!+Extremly cool variation of Different wapeons, artilly, halftracks and Tanks that allow (and force to) really think about Tactics and Strategy+Smart mix of 4 Ressources that allow good distribution and make sure that High Tier Wapeons (like tanks and arty and motars) dont spam the map in the first few hours already. (Great balancing idea)+Dev Blogs and Dev Streams show that the game will have alot more stuff ( Aka Medium and Heavy Tanks, Self propelling Arty, new wapeons , Different Soldier clases and more and more and more)+ Updates around every 2 weeks+ Large scale Wars that goes on for severeal days up to an Week on EACH server- TEAMWORK IS REQUIRED (so one player alone cant do too much, may it be good or bad)- It IS Early Access so with new content being introduced and tested sometimes bugs WILL apear.(and be fixed)- High Learning Curve in the Beginning, exspecially about more complicated things like operating Artillery (but thats what tutorials are for and you can always ask in discord or ingame, even enemy team often explains you stuff)- Logistic is Life! Without Logistic your charge at the enemy with your bare d*** in your hand (I mean i love it, i am fulltime logistic but it should be mentioned, if all want to play Rambo you will struggle to find and machine gun....)-Game is very popular so with a full server you need 10 minutes patience to join that sever.(Devs aready announced they want to uplift the 120 Player limitation)What is my personal opinion on Foxhole?Well Obiviously i am quiet a fan of the Game, The game isnt slower than shooters like COD or Battelefield but are alot longer. There is no space for rambos and lone wolfs and High Tier Gear need mutiple Players to operate (Like Tanks need  a driver, a gunner and optinal a Commander) So Clans have a massive advantage and voice chat is extremly helpfull . InGame chat is still much used though and fine but in the heat of battle you mostly need your hands otherwise than on the keyboard.Most Important, Foxhole needs you to use your Brain. simple shooting and FPS skills get you nowhere, even Infantry need to really think what and HOW to do something. So for all the brutes and 12 year old COD "" i ♥♥♥♥ed your mothers"" guys: NOPE this is not for you!For all who enjoy to have a cool Teamwork exsperience and enjoy to think and use their brain and creativity to its maximum: YES BUY IT !"
76561198176043182,Recommended,505460,34131617,Posted: 9 August,all,Lana Winters,3 guys with RPG's. 2 guys with 9mm pistols one of them is me. Opens the gate. All the other guys get killed by a tank  right in front of us. I run to  the wall and get killed by another enemyWe are all standing at the frontline fighting the enemy. Someone gets shot down. A medic runs up and tries to  heal him but he passes  away. Then the medic gets shot down. Another medic runs over to the wounded medic.  This time i tried to cover them. The wounded medic passes away. I see an enemy going into a house. I try running back to see if there  is another door into the house but there isn't so i run back to the  medic. And then i see everyone is dead10/10
,Recommended,505460,34323080,Posted: 18 August,all,Wraith,"I'm absolulely loving this game. They've put quite a bit of work into it. The time really flies by.That said, it's a very special sort of game, that can function for players who like pvp and for those who don't. Logistics in this game is very in-depth and of critical importance. Teamwork is paramount and the most successful teams work together.If you want to be a hero here. You have to work for it. But you CAN do it.You can spend hours in this game, not firing a single bullet, no seeing an enemy, yet you've still done something important and you know it. The devs are also pretty active too. The community and the game have a lot of room to grow and it will be enjoyable to watch that happen."
,Recommended,505460,33835134,Posted: 27 July,all,『Brain Storm』,"Foxhole is a massive multiplayer shooter done right. I played a ton of the alpha demo and it nails a unique but realistic feeling of what war is like. the teamwork required to win the matches that sometimes go on for up to a week or more is brilliant, it isn't just about sensless fighting and respawning, everything costs resources that your team have to scrap, refine and spend to make guns, ammo, respawn tickets, vehicles, defences. Logistics is the key to success to this game and theres just something about it that makes it just as fun as running and gunning.If you're looking for a good bloody top down shooter with a great team of devs behind it and an even better clan-community surrounding it, pick this game up."
76561197978949156,Recommended,505460,33860708,Posted: 28 July,all,Shifters,"Okay so I've played for a few months let me tell you my 1st day.I started out just watching people had no idea what to do started to get an under standing.After wondering around I was killed and my killer walked up to me and said &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥nerd"" it was at this moment I learned I can♥♥♥♥♥♥talk the enemy. I've never looked back bin playing ever since."
,Recommended,505460,33872070,Posted: 28 July,all,Adorable Alpaca,"For a game that is in Alpha, I am enjoying it quite a lot.No game-breaking bugs so far.Communication helps a lot and makes the game more enjoyable for everyone.Watching your comrades in the frontlines get exploded by enemy explosives is fun too.I will point out some things though;Do not go into this with the mindset of seeing the end of the war. It could last for hours, days, who knows.Instead focus on the path that heads that way, have fun helping your team head towards that end. That's how you'll have a satisfying session.Playing as a medic, I have helped hold down defensive lines while under constant enemy fire and explosions, and aided in offensive pushes, keeping as many allies up as possible.At some point, I participated in a battle where so much gunfire and explosions were happening you could barely make out what people further away were saying. Pretty immersive.The perseverance of our soldiers, who held the defensive fronts, the medics who aided them, the logistic squads who kept our outposts supplied, our builders who fortified our defenses and allowed us to move forward while under the safety of our sandbags and other protective measures, they all deserve respect. They were doing what they could do help the team, striving for the goal of fun and victory."
,Recommended,505460,33872849,Posted: 28 July,all,Dracursor,"Wow, been playing from a few hours. Its certainly a game where it requires good teamwork. Right from materials procurement to logistics to building and fighting. Even during battle we cant have lots of infantymen. Ive been going back and forth as frontline medic reviving and giving first aid. Some as logistic support, some even as engineers. Theres even commanding officer.Basically theres two faction fighting in a map. The map is huge, moving using trucks is advisable, dont stay on the road unless you want to get roadkilled by vehicles. You have to capture each town in the map to win or reduce the enemy count so that they wont be able to make supplies material (used for soldier spawn). Theres a few types of materials and resources in game. And the war development can go from peaceful to crazy by just a single bullet.At one time our supply route was cut off due to an ambush. We lost around 13 trucks carrying ammos, weapons, medkits, basic material for building and infantries. They were suppose to send it to the town i'm in for relief since the enemies sieged us multiple times. We had to send a squad to fight back the ambush and restore our supply route. I followed them since they dont have any medic. Man, the enemies sent drove of soldiers for the ambush. It was hectic, people screaming and bullets flying. We managed to defeat the ambush but then had to escort the remaining trucks to the town.Im just a few hours in game and it has already made me wanting more. 7/10 would suggest this to you guys, lost 3 since its still alpha. Btw the servers are NA only for now, theyre doing their best to find the best option for sea server. Even then, the lag is not that bad, its bearable for me and i can still play em using 1mbps streamyx TelekomMY."
76561198106841415,Recommended,505460,33899430,Posted: 30 July,all,Space Kevin Spacey,Ran in circles around a tree from an enemy tank while laughing and taunting them over local voice chat.10/10
,Recommended,505460,33900665,Posted: 30 July,all,[ZSU]Dr. Rockso,"If you like teamwork this game is for you.This game feels like its a full game, not an alpha.Every role in this game makes a difference, play your part!Learning curve can be a bit more challenging for some players but for the most part, the community is amazing and happy to teach and assist.Servers are all based in Canada at present, however as someone from Australia - It seems to have little to no bearing on gameplay. Maybe a little impact on voip from time to time.When you get in the game for the first time, grab a rifle and ask where the front line is and get in the fight. But remember. All those guns and ammo your using was built by a player/s and brought to the front line by someone. Return the favour and help out with the production.  – You can’t win a war with enthusiasm alone!"
76561197991308676,Recommended,505460,33911305,Posted: 30 July,all,MattTheBastard,"Great Game, pretty balanced,  i expect game changing units in the future to help break stale mates before servers empty. but highly recommend!!! Not an angry aggressive game but a co op team friendly game. many jobs, that can be done by anyone.   looked for a new game as i was sick of everything lately. this hit the spot"
,Recommended,505460,33930096,Posted: 31 July,all,"SOUPS ON ME, BABY",SUPPLY♥♥♥♥INGLINES
,Recommended,505460,33987362,Posted: 3 August,all,Spooky Scary Skeleton,It is nothing like the videos but its still an alright game
76561197969378040,Recommended,505460,33996767,Posted: 3 August,all,MR PES,"So much potential, i mean its fun now, but imagine what this could turn out to be.I cant find a bad word to say about it, looking forward to playing along as this develops."
76561198199339698,Recommended,505460,34003113,Posted: 3 August,all,Pumpkin Spice Everything,So far one of the best gaming communites I have ever experienced.
,Recommended,505460,34021201,Posted: 4 August,all,Gearuser,10/10 would lead a group of privates to their deaths behind enemy lines again
76561198078232031,Recommended,505460,34070164,Posted: 6 August,all,Freezing,Really fun game but it NEEDS a squad system where you see a list of squads and join one.This would make it more enjoyable and easier to work towards specific objectives with people.
76561198026039685,Recommended,505460,34035732,Posted: 5 August,all,jyy9495,"Everything from defence facility to manufacturing facility, vehicle, weapon, ammo and even base resource gathering are all done by players. AND I LOVE IT.The game has some steep, yet very short learning curve. Personally, it took me about 1 youtube video and 1 hour to figure out how most of the game works and enjoy the game.If you are planning to buy this game, just make sure you see some of the game play vid on the youtube.THIS GAME IS NOT FOR THESE PEOPLE1. Lone wolf who always gives no♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on teamwork. 100% of this game is about teamwork. This is not a game which 'recommends' teamwork yet one super player could turn the tide of the game. If you charge alone, you are just wasting supplies such as respawn ticket, gun, ammo etc. which are all made by your teammate. Yes, you read it right. Spawn tickets(Shirts) are also made by your teammate so you better use that given ticket bloody well.2. Doesn't want to sacrifice your playtime for supporting job, which personally think is at least 70% of this game. Without support behind the frontline, game pretty much ends there. You won't even have a gun to fight with.3. People who likes fast paced hack&slash type of game. You are on the wrong genre, pal."
,Recommended,505460,34042889,Posted: 5 August,all,EhlDiablo07,"I purchased the game during its alpha build and I can definitely atest that it requires more features but overall it is a game I would recommend to learn the value of team building, you can't just basically just ram off by yourself like Rambo or some guy but you have to learn how to do teamwork. ( I am a Combat Medic in this game) The game has a lot of potential due to its uniqueness. I salute the developers of this game, I am telling you guys. This game taught me that war is not won by brilliant and gifted individuals behind the strategy but the sacrifices and courage of the many."
76561197989568955,Recommended,505460,34043194,Posted: 5 August,all,Crx2ee,Some random person on the internet will tell you what to do and then ultimatley lead you to your death. 10/10 would die again.
76561198047245194,Recommended,505460,34077950,Posted: 7 August,all,Ketameme,best game on steam. Like squad and runescape had a baby.
76561198342028020,Recommended,505460,34610786,Posted: 30 August,all,{FOX} Thot Destroyer,Love runing out of ammo for my half track so i jsut run them over...Best Online wargame i played in years..
76561198052049518,Recommended,505460,35249222,Posted: 27 September,all,JoshID,Very good game with a good community
,Recommended,505460,34004071,Posted: 3 August,all,..Qeve?,limitless
76561198041453547,Recommended,505460,34035737,Posted: 5 August,all,rekurv,"Epic and addictive as hell ! Was a bit hesitant about this game, but thought for the reasonable price I'll give it a try. Of all the games I have bought in the last year (too many) this is within my top 3 if not my favorite. It is early access but feels like an (almost) finished game.Its a very cooperative game, however if you prefer to solo play there is also options. If you dont like to PVP directly you can still help the team by doing other important jobs away from the front lines.Cant wait for updates !Still has a few bugs to squash, and needs some more content, but overall I give it a solid 9/10."
,Recommended,505460,34036348,Posted: 5 August,all,LAmB SaUce,Lack of controller support :( besides that fun game. Great community.
,Recommended,505460,34036779,Posted: 5 August,all,Andrew_Bones,"Even in early access this game is absolutely great - up to 60vs60 battles where the team has to cooperate to take over the whole map. And by cooperation I do not mean just fighting tactically, there is an actual need to gather materials, make them into various kinds of supplies, like weapons and ammo, and even uniforms for respawning at forward bases. And players have to take care of all of this themselves by running supply routes in trucks to transfer supplies to the front. The team that cooperates better and makes better tactical decisions, wins. However, one ""war"" can take several days to finish, especially when both sides dig in in true WW1 fashion.A few complaints I'd have is that controls are not very well refined, and support for different keyboard layouts is quite bad at the time of writing this review (I need to switch to english keyboard layout for the game just to be able to switch weapons!).  Also in-game voice chat is a bit buggy - sometimes it speeds up someone talking and he ends up sounding like a smurf. I also do not see any indicator of my push to talk actually working, which led me to believe my mic is broken for a while. But these are kind of expected in alpha, the core gameplay is solid and even now I didn't run into any major bugs.I'd definitely recommend to anyone who likes cooperative gameplay on a massive scale."
,Recommended,505460,34051408,Posted: 5 August,all,Holyman,amazing
,Recommended,505460,34055987,Posted: 6 August,all,Toffa200,"My hours doesn't really represent a fair review however.This game is at an alpha stage. It's extremely early in the developement and TBH it needs at least another year to get into a decent enjoyable stage.WW-theme is awesome and the concept in general is also fantastic. This game is not just about shooting, but to maintain a defense, supplies, coordination and communication.I think the long-term problem with this game is that it will become boring for the most people after 3 months. ~It's extremely hard to point out all pieces that this game needs, but here are some:- Beginner friendly missions. It's a sandbox game but all beginners doesn't want to find all the anwsers on youtube. The game needs some beginner missions. (e.g. collect scrap and create a truck) THEN (Fill the truck with scrap, craft it) THEN (Move the scrap to this location) etc. Things that forces people to do good work for the team but also understand the game. A tutorial on youtube is always good, but a good tutorial in-game is much better. It will also increase the chance for players to enjoy and stay.- Progression and reward system. People should be rewarded for collecting scrap, for transporting troops, for killing enemies, for aiding soldiers etc. I understand the concept of having a sandbox game. It allows people to do whatever they want. In the long run, this game need clear diractions or it will lose players interest or turn into a yolo game.- Rewarded is what you should be after doing some great work. If you help the team by killing the enemies you should then be awarded by gaining some kind of costmetic suit that show everyone in your team what your roll in the game is.Same goes for medic (for e.g. getting a white helmet) or a construction worker (a yellow helmet)Simple stuff but extremely usefull to make sure players get the plessure of being usefull.- Sharing is carrying. As for now, everything you do is for the purpose of the team. You craft materials and give it away to the team, except nothing back. Sure it´s nice but you have no idea if someone take all your materials and drop them in the forest.I have no anwser to this issue but I think that, maybe if you need to rank up in order to use some weapons, materials etc. it will only allow experience player to use some items."
,Recommended,505460,34057378,Posted: 6 August,all,Muzugo,I've been waiting for a long time to play a game like this. Great potential and mechanics. Some bothering aspects can be easily removed in the future. Hope for not like DayZ early access.
,Recommended,505460,34064803,Posted: 6 August,all,Necroscourge,"Foxhole indeed shares a viewpoint with RWR, but that is where that simularity ends. The pacing is nowhere near as frantic as RWR; since every single thing in game is built by a player at some fort of factory building located in one of the towns on the map. This map is semi-permenant, it does not get reset for several days when the war ends.When you spawn, you casually pull what you need (Typically a gun and 2-4 reloads) from the Town Hall, and then head to another town to set your spawn closer to the enemy. From there, look at the chat and figure out what is needed and where. If you like combat, you will be needed in the front. Crafters are always sorely needed to provide guns to the combat players.I usually get rather bored with crafting games because you are forced to be by yourself or with people you deeply trust. The trust barrier to Foxhole is relatively insignificant; you are all on the same general team and therefore can trust them not to shoot you on sight. So that way when you run into the enemy and they trash talk while you loot them, you can rest easy in your soul knowing that if they didn't want you to shoot them: They would of been on your team.The Logistical Economy sounds far more intense than it actually is. The most crucial things in the game (Respawn Tickets, Trucks, Guns) are built with materials made from scrap that litterally spawns faster than most people can mine it. You don't actually have to know how the process works! You can log on, start mining, put it in a supply box nearby, and go somewhere else when you tap it. From there a Logistics guy will take your raw resources and refine them into materials; allowing the production of virtually anything nessecary for shipment to a frontline Town Hall.Foxhole is a war simulator that focuses on the war itself far more than the people fighting it. You rarely if ever know who built what, you only see the fruits of their labours. All you know is that at some point a gun was made for the express purpose of someboy using it, along with enough ammunition to make it worth it. The best you can do is make sure it's used well.Also! Line of Sight is a thing, and it works both ways. You will frequently lose LoS of allies and make contact with Enemies. You are always in danger in that regard. Riflemen enjoy great range and accuracy; and will often crawl forward in order to make it so that they can see you but you can't see them. You can also hear enemy voice chat if you are close enough, allowing you to listen into peoples conversations. The other day I spent a half hour listening to a tank crew that was blabbing on and on about how afraid they were and how they had no shells or backup. I called an arty strike that made them abandon the tank, which we fixed up and stole.TLDR Buy this game if you like Survival Crafting Games (Rust, DayZ,Etc) but wish there was more action."
,Recommended,505460,34077746,Posted: 7 August,all,TopinB,"Lots of fun, very tense at times, the community is largely helpful and friendly, with some insults thrown around in the heat of a firefight, but nothing that is actually really insulting.The firefights are fun, the tactics as well, and I didn't even mind walking miles at times looking for a place where I could help. The graphics do the job, the animations are good, and the guns have a better shooting feeling than a lot of AAA FPS games.The only drawbacks I could think of were unclear information on how to supply stuff to your teammates (resources, where to get them, how to get everything together), and a bit of an exploit regarding camera and shooting, but I expect this to be fixed at some point."
,Recommended,505460,34085707,Posted: 7 August,all,Commissar Ewok,Best Community i have ever experienced
,Recommended,505460,34087471,Posted: 7 August,all,Shakesbeer,"High fun factor, and very original concept.In Foxhole you are a cog in the giant warmachine. Foxhole is a top-down shooter, where you contest cities/towns for their production capabilites. It doesn't stop there however, and it is expanded with sandbox building and a wartime economy. Every gun you equip, every time you spawn, every bullet you shoot, everything was made by a logistics player who spend time collecting and processing resources. €20 well spent.The drawbacks: You NEED to work together to make an impact, logistics, combat, building defences, working together is a force multiplier. That said, playing together is also afunmultiplier in this game.Also there is currently a lack of background music, which is not such a big deal on the frontline (gunshots and explosions are plenty) but becomes noticeable when you are playing logistics in the quiet plains."
,Recommended,505460,34088004,Posted: 7 August,all,MonkeyBuddy,10/10 Would be encumbered again
76561198002183209,Recommended,505460,34150190,Posted: 10 August,all,Holysniper,Well the game is pretty fun and quite well optimized as far as i can tell. Just needs polishing and some sort of ranking system or way of keeping track of kills because as of right now there is no incentive to do anything whatsoever. Even a KDR system to begin with would be great.
,Recommended,505460,34173038,Posted: 11 August,all,Bill Cosby,"Game is great.  There are so many jobs to fill, that if you get bored doing something you can just do something else.  Lots of replay value, decent number of maps.  Server selection is odd, and getting into a campaign is tough because of how long the queues are.  People are complaining about trolls, and trolls do exist, but there are a lot of people who also don't like to share or contribute, and most of those players end up quitting.  Once you start playing for a few hours, and understand what is going on, it is easy to have fun.Biggest issue most of the negative reviews have, and they won't outright say it, is they just want to join a game and shoot.  Too many people don't want to learn how to play, or work with a team anymore.  If you decide to get this game, you have to work with strangers.  Even if you bring friends, you need to still work with outside players.  I spent hours just transporting troops to the front lines in my truck.  You can build, fight, transport, scout, steal, siege, defend, play the healer, and so much more.  However, each role requires something from another role."
,Recommended,505460,34667453,Posted: 1 September,all,MadmanEpic,"Ah, Foxhole. What a game. I remember my first incursion behind enemy lines like it was yesterday, mainly because it was.So, I’m sitting here, doing some logistics work and resource gathering for our guys on the front lines, who are preoccupied fighting the Wardens, when I see a message in our team’s chat:“anyone who wants to go commando go to D4″Well, I wanted to go commando quite badly. It was about to drop off some supply at outpost near there, so I figured that I may as well grab a rifle and some ammo and head out there afterwards. I grabbed a rifle, 3 clips, and a bandage roll, and headed out towards the outpost.I get there about three minutes later, during which I let the guy know that I was up for it and would be coming. He told me to rendezvous with him and the second-in-command of 52nd Company at the southern end of the area, so I do just that. We all meet up, and the leader gives us the rundown on what we were to do, according to the team’s commander. He and his platoon had found a flaw in the Wardens’ security, allowing us to sneak behind their defenses and into one of their main front line supply depots, and we were going to use that to our advantage. A scout had also gotten wind of a supply truck carrying extremely dangerous weaponry to an enemy FoB that could lead to their victory, should we fail to stop them - trench guns, tank parts, even rocket launchers and explosive charges were at stake.Our objectives were, in order of importance:Stop the truck from resupplying the enemy FoB by any means necessary. Ideally, we could hijack it and take the supplies for ourselves, but destroying it or at least delaying it for long enough for our guys to move in and intercept it were more likely. Stealth was our best bet for setting up an ambush either way.Use the explosive charges taken from the truck or stolen from the supply depot to destroy a bridge that the Wardens frequently used to transport troops and cargo to shut down their primary supply line.Steal as much as we can and get out of there.And with that, we made our move.Moving North into Warden territory, we heard the talking of distant enemy soldiers making their way to the front line, and hid atop a hill in some bushes, taking a look at them. There were at least 5 or 6, and, knowing that we couldn’t stand a chance against that much opposition, we decided not to open fire and keep moving. However, two guys that were a bit behind them noticed us and opened fire.We couldn’t fire back, since we couldn’t see them, so we hid in some forestry while the quickly checked around. The two went back to their nearby outpost to defend it from our possible advance.Continuing North, we heard a supply truck rumble past us towards the FoB, but then the other squaddie recalled that the truck we were looking for was also carrying enemy troops, and that the one we had just saw was only carrying supplies, as well as the fact that the target would probably be in a convoy. Shortly afterwards, our front line team let us know that the truck was actually empty other than some basic building materials.We eventually came across the outpost ourselves, and thanks to being cut off by rocks on all other sides other than the one we came in through, we had to quickly dispatch of the two guys, which mostly worked, by which I mean they were killed and immediately told every enemy that we were there.The good news was that the convoy was actually coming to where we were to kill us! The bad news was that the convoy was actually coming to where we were to kill us. So, realizing that we’re probably all going to die, our leader calls us all into a bombed-out building, where I find an SMG on one of the trooper’s bodies take careful aim out of the window, and wait.Then the convoy showed up.Our target was in the middle. In front of it was a Half-track and the enemies that had just now arrived to the scene, and they were not particularly happy about us squatting in what could vaguely be described as their house. They opened fire on us, soon killing my squadmate, leaving only me and the ex-leader of what used to be a squad. We manage to pick a few off before we get sight of what was behind the target truck:A tank.The maniacs brought 7 ground troops, a Half-track, and a tank to escort this one truck. Clearly, this truck was important.The ex-leader gets shot down, leaving only me. I manage to kill off 3 or so more enemies before going down, but I live long enough to both waste their ammo and see the supply truck take off towards the FoB on its own.Not only did we delay it, we managed to separate it from its convoy entirely, leaving it extremely exposed to attack, and attack our guys did. A line of heavily armed Colonials were waiting to meet them on the road, and from what I hear, the truck actually did get captured with the supplies intact, just by the mob of well-armed soldiers instead of a poorly-equipped squad of 3 going behind enemy lines. That said, I believe that if we hadn’t went ahead with the operation or were spotted and killed before reaching that outpost, that truck that turned the tide of battle would have been sent to the enemies, and we would have been pushed back even further. The mission may have seemed like a failure, but the commotion got their attention and left their truck to the nonexistent mercy of a bunch of Colonials.It was pretty cool, I’d say.This game is great, and there's not really anything like it. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,505460,34671935,Posted: 1 September,all,Nr22 Bjorn,"One of the genuinely unique games out there at the moment, Foxhole offers some of the most in-depth social aspects of any ""MMO"", featuring a completely user-based resource system which breeds and rewards team oriented playstyles. This also allows inidividual leadership to make a real difference, and futhermore, opens the way for everyone on the map to play a part in their team's war effort. The community is also pretty great, with most folks being rather helpful, and in some cases even altruistic.Overall, the game is beautiful with a cool artstyle, and the maps are quite well-done, save for a few obvious choke holds which result in drawn out stalemates. Foxhole plays smoothly and once you get used to the FOV situation and mechanics in general, it's easy to pick it up. Also, with so many different playstyles - logi, infantry, medic, QM, mining, etc - you're able to pretty much test the waters and take on any number of roles which is quite rare for most games, and in this WWII setting, it's something completely new on this scale. Sounds are pretty swanky as well, with both weapons and vehicles, as well as atmospheric ambience being solid even in early access. One major plus is that the devs are CONSTANTLY working on the game and active in the community. Besides, the devs take into account the community's suggestions and concerns. This isn't going to be one of those ""hit it and quit it"" type titles that die out and get abandoned.Cons are simple: The game has a few issues with bugs every now and again. I've had it where I can't reload after emptying a clip, having to drop and re-arm my weapon. I've also gotten stuck several times, especially after healing somebody on the battlefield. These are all being brought up to the devs though and I have no doubt that these bugs are simply a side-effect of Foxhole being in early access, and that they will be dealt with accordingly. They aren't gamebreaking, but do happen enough to become frustrating at times. My only other real con is that the factions don't feel unique enough. Whether you play Wardens or Colonials, the only thing that is truly different is the player equipment. Guns, vehicles, structures, etc are all the same and don't make playing one or the other feel special or unique in any way. If they added new guns, sounds, vehicles/models, and other cultural aspects, it would add more to the depth of Foxhole and possibly make people care about what side they're paying on other than ""I like the Warden's uniforms"" or ""I like the Colonial's assault packs"".Other than that I would like to see more maps with different settings and mechanics being introduced. It does get stale after a bit especially if you play for a long time at once. I would also love to see something along the lines of dynamic weather being introduced eventually, and with how great the day/night cycle is, I wouldn't doubt if this is eventually seen in-game.In summary: Foxhole is great and is DEFINITELY worth the $20 price tag, and I will never regret buying it at full price. Sure there may be some general bug issues but the positives completely outweigh the bad here. I put in about 40 hours in my first week that I had the game, which is saying something. Foxhole is addicting, and not because the game is GOAT material (eventually though..) but because of the way this game allows you to make your own way and create your own story with freinds and foes alike that make each and every minute different than the last. Whether it's minig scrap for 3 hours while you're drunk, or leading some sneaky-beaky assult behind Colonial lines to destory a FOB's supply lines and defense system so your team can push, or running logi with some bros to help the war effort, all of it feels like it makes a difference, because it does, and that's soemthing you rarely get in games like this, and certainly not usually so with games in a setting like Foxhole's.Final rating: 9/10 (Subject to change). Tl;dr? Buy it."
,Recommended,505460,34682668,Posted: 2 September,all,[BS] Lol U Mad,Warning: This game is very addictive and will steal your life. Play at your own risk!
76561198048280060,Recommended,505460,34648602,Posted: 31 August,all,The Drunken Lee,good
,Recommended,505460,34719664,Posted: 3 September,all,skatche,"First time I played I was an incompetent noob and accomplished basically nothing over the course of several hours, except taking away ammo from my teammates by purposelessly running into combat and dying.Second time was weeks later, and after struggling for twenty minutes to get together enough supplies to build myself a truck, I decided to mass-produce them. Another guy showed up not long after with the same idea, and took over the shop. He and I pumped out about eight trucks before he decided to move on to field artillery, of which we made about a dozen. That was when a guy showed up and asked for help pushing one of the artillery to the front. I volunteered.It takes two people to push artillery, and they are slow. So he and I were stuck together for awhile as we trundled along the road -- I was steering, he was directing me while he manned the cannon. About two thirds of the way there, I realized we were taking it straight into combat, and I was going to be his driver. ""I hope you know what you're doing,"" I said, ""because I don't."" ""Relax,"" he replied, ""you'll do fine."" As a solitary noob I had been a bit bored, but now that someone else was depending on me, I was genuinely nervous.We got into battle and he was barking orders as he fired: ""A little left... a little more... back! back!"" Around us were a cluster of soldiers helping in the fight. Trucks ran through our chokepoint and we managed to destroy a couple, while enemies somewhere offscreen returned fire. At some point we had to abandon the artillery and eventually ended up dead, but our men held the fort. Later in the same session I did some work as a field engineer, feeling emboldened by the combat experience I'd had.One of the best experiences I've ever had in online gaming."
,Recommended,505460,34751278,Posted: 5 September,all,Petyr,Hollywood could get ideas by watching some games.
76561198084162637,Recommended,505460,34823176,Posted: 8 September,all,Hectipus,"This game is full of fun and adicting gameplay, and a great community to back it up."
76561198006793619,Recommended,505460,34480476,Posted: 25 August,all,=CKA= General_Zero,Super fun game. Well worth the money!
,Recommended,505460,35141497,Posted: 22 September,all,Kulak,"Foxhole is great. Even though there is some work to be done (I MEAN CMON, IT'S ALPHA), this game is worth your money right now.  Even though I can only run the game smoothly on minimum graphics (♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop is ♥♥♥♥♥♥) the mechanics are stellar, and working together with my team to subvert enemy supply lines with only a handful of men while the rest of our forces storm the city from it's opposite, northern side, is unbelievably satisfying. Those moments who colliding forces unleash torrential firestorms of bullets of and grenades upon one another is extremely intense. Buy it, and buy one for a friend too, because you'll need someone you can depend on to watch your back when you're behind enemy lines, scouting for supplies you can steal or weakpoints to penetrate."
76561197961852836,Recommended,505460,34381264,Posted: 20 August,all,LKDragon,"Good grief.Don't get me wrong, I like this game. It has real promise and can be very enjoyable. But the developers have failed to account for the horror that is the playerbase. In otherwords, the devs may have naively believed that surely, the players will be decent people (a common mistake, to be sure). That said, the devs are highly responsive and interact with the playerbase on a regular basis. They'll fix this up, no doubt in my mind.Once mechanics are put in place to minimize the griefing, trolling, and general petty antics performed by the average 10-20 year old on the servers, this gem will truly shine. Until then, it's still quite fun (thus the recommendation), but expect a certain level of unnecessary hostility and folks that think their relative thrice-removed that was kicked out of boot camp that one time makes them a qualified military expert.... okay, to be fair, that last one will probably persist no matter what the devs do."
,Recommended,505460,34032278,Posted: 5 August,all,lyravega,"I simply cannot recommend this game enough. I've been looking for a game like this for a long time, and I can say that my search has come to an end. This is one of the games you must see for yourself to decide if it is for you or not. However, the two-hour trial (before refund) is not enough to experience much in this game in my opinion, or learn much about it. I hope you'll like the game and stick with it though.Graphics are adequate. some sort of music could be used in the background when there is no action going on. UI leaves a lot to be desired, and some aspects of the gameplay need a lot of updates. But still, I cannot recommend this game enough as I've said. And this recommendation comes from a person who avoids Early Access as much as possible...If anyone interested in some ""War"" stories, below is a portion of one of my sessions:Kept building defenses for an hour, and enemy ignored my location for some reason. Thankfully some people running logistics dropped some mats whenever I needed it, so I kept busy. Then a guy joined me, and we kinda built a fortress together. Then more people joined us, and we started raiding their supply lines. Which lead to us destroying their tunnel networks to get their defenses down on the front line, and then sweeping the enemy from the behind. The reactions of our guys on the other side of the bridge was amazing after a squad of 5 goes in guns blazing, kills everything, yells to our guys on the other side, followed by a storm of laughter afterwards.Just amazing. Of course you have to note that building isn't as fun as you'd think, and when I say raiding supply lines, it involves waiting a supply truck from the other side taking the route you've set up an ambush on. Everything involves a lot of investment in this game, especially time. However, ""Emergent gameplay"" is a buzzword that is overused for some games that has nearly none of it, but if I'm to use that phrase for any game, this game has tons of it. And when that happens, it is very rewarding, fun!"
,Recommended,505460,34026441,Posted: 4 August,all,Nyaki Stryker,"So this is probably one of the best Alpha games i have played, its very hard to tell it is one. Image runescape but with a world war 2 theme to it, sorry i don't have a Rune Pickace to sell you. You work together with your allies to try and win the battlefield with its many war torn cities. I have been acting as a supplier, but now more of a combat engineer. Working on upgrades and repairs as people fight around me.10/10 best ww2 simulator of all time."
76561198029614576,Recommended,505460,34177921,Posted: 11 August,all,[ML] AchillesLT2,"Incredible Early Access Game. For those players that have a clan, guild, or community this is a great game to coordinate and play in. With the neccestiy to have a constant logistics team, combat, and transport theres something in it for everyone. The game is very well put together for being Early Access and operates quite well on low power systems as well as high powered PC's. Well Done Dev's 10/10"
,Recommended,505460,34178938,Posted: 11 August,all,Starsiege,"My first hour consisted of aimlessly running around, wondering what I was supposed to be doing.With 20 hours invested, I've learn how to transport troops and threaten to drive into a lake if they don't commend me."
76561198057877684,Recommended,505460,34674517,Posted: 1 September,all,Vault Dweller,Awaited in Valhalla
,Recommended,505460,34923918,Posted: 13 September,all,*La Poutine à DeeZoo,"Great game, real time sink. Community is great and active. I was scared of the price tag, but definately worth it. Driving a truck never was as exciting."
,Recommended,505460,34027742,Posted: 4 August,all,me juan LAJUANJAMES,What is it you ask? A Fokin Mastapiece♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,505460,34027984,Posted: 4 August,all,Alexander0k,"Very unique, can be intense at times and make your palms sweat.I guess people had sweaty palms during World War II aswell?10/10 for realism."
76561198023632943,Recommended,505460,34035318,Posted: 5 August,all,Birdman Senpai,"A great war game, enough said."
,Recommended,505460,34049644,Posted: 5 August,all,Ragesamurai,Slave simulator 2017    bmat/10
,Recommended,505460,34049974,Posted: 5 August,all,[CM]⚡KingTiger⚡,"Was playing medic with my clanmates and some randoms, we were assaulting the enemy with halftracks. There were about 15-20 of us in this attack. All of a sudden, we get ambushed, explosions everywhere, bullets, people screeming medic, medic!!. After reviving one person, i make my way to another , Bam, mortar shell hits, and he goes flying, I am wounded, bleeding out, and die shortly later.10/10 would see man get blown away like a basketball again."
,Recommended,505460,34056213,Posted: 6 August,all,A bathing Cape,great war game. very immersive and every soldier plays his part in winning the war. wars last months
76561198396657931,Recommended,505460,34056980,Posted: 6 August,all,Agi,Game is basic but fun. Dev are kind and the community is awesome. What do you expect more?
,Recommended,505460,34065167,Posted: 6 August,all,wploga85,"fantastic game. this truely is a game of the century. unfortunately this game suffers massivly from the community. this game makes you do all things nessasry to fund the war effort. you have to mine scrap, sulfer, and other supplies to refine and make more goods. this takes logistics and planning.  ammo and guns have to be made like all supplies in this game. trucks have to be produced and factories need to be upgraded to make better things. this is a very in depth war and management game. that is the problem itself.  this game takes time it is not a one kill move in and win game. it can go on for a while in some servers. If you can find people that want to play this game how it is designed to be played you will have a lot of fun, and feel real stress. just trust me on that when you have been doing something for hours just to have it wasted by someone who doesnt know what they are doing. the shooting in this game is different but not a bad thing. the pros of this game are, it is a one of a kind game. you will have a lot of fun if you have friends on. just running logistics and never shooting can be rewarding as well. the cons of this game though are enough to make you pull your hair out. people build and sometimes they build a lot. i have seen walls in this game stretch around 2-3 cities , gates upon gates and and more walls. there may be 30 tucks on your side but 29 are always locked and usually full of supplies. the reason they are always locked is because some Richard Cranium will come along like it is GTA and steal your truck and drive it to its doom, or so far away you will never find it and if you do it will be locked. fighting is usually unorganized and without reason.  Your efforts always go un-noticed, so get used to it. there is a merit system in this but it rarely gets used. you mine scrap for 3 hours so johnny can have his G.I. joe moment and nothing you wasted 3 hours with out a thank you. the community can either make or break your game. many people with no team or management ability. i highly recomend this game, just try to find a crew of friends and play with them because most indivisual players will not have a clue what to do. Make sure you have a mic. it does wonders"
76561198028646203,Recommended,505460,34079328,Posted: 7 August,all,Bish Bash,"The community in this game is amazing.People gather resources, ferry them to the front or use these resources too craft crates of munitions for the boys laying down their lives at the front line.You have to strategically build up defences around a town hub. Build pill boxes and barbed wire to funnel your enemy into a deadly kill zone, protect your base with walls and gates to stop the enemy cutting off your supply lines.This game gives you the tools to create some amazing feats and the community make it possible by actually working together to pull off some amazing tactics and feats.You can prone and kneel. Realistic artillery use - get a team member to be your spotter and give you the right range to dial in. Lots of maps and a huge amount of play-ability.Players can level up and rank up through an in-game commend/reprimand system which is fantastic and further encourages the community based aspects of this game.And one more time... the community for this game is amazing!"
,Recommended,505460,34151351,Posted: 10 August,all,Chef,"Buys the game, installs the game, logs in, starts wondering what to do looking around, moves 1 meter away from spawn testing voice chat; ""Is anybody there?"" just to get rammed by a friendly supply truck.Won't be asking is anybody there anymore. :'D"
76561198042243393,Recommended,505460,34152037,Posted: 10 August,all,Ssolos,Good Fun
,Recommended,505460,34168589,Posted: 11 August,all,Torschlusspanik,"This game is not for everyone. That said, it is for me. It's a game where you are not the badass, not the hero - You're a grunt, a single cog in the military machine. Let me detail my first experience in the game, and you might see why I enjoy it so much.As I loaded in and obtained my rifle and a few clips, a truck carrying soldiers heading to White Chapel pulled up. They needed reinforcements to defend the line. I hopped in, and made my way there. As it turned out, we barely had a foothold at the crossroads; enemy artillery was destroying any outpost we created, and we lacked ammunition and supplies. However, the crossroads HAD to be held -- At the moment, we had the enemy fighting on two fronts, from the crossroads to the north and from Lochan to the west. If we failed, our whole army's momentum would fail.We were auxiliary. Holding the back line so the main army could push in. We were able to push from time to time, but just barely; the occasional halftrack would take out a few enemies before reaching heavy anti-tank. Eventually, though, we managed to move up. Slowly.And so we set to holding the line. Over the course of a few hours, we stemmed the tide of the enemy, and continued fortifying. We established greater defenses, and kept slowly, slowly creeping up. By the point it was late in the night - and we suffered many casualties - we finally reached the enemy gates. There was a small no-man's land, and it was there we set out. We set up an elaborate array of foxholes, pillboxes, barbed wire, and sand bags, right up to their very gate. We took the no-man's land. We held there for a few hours, holding off waves of the enemy -- even a full-on assault.Things quieted down as the night wore on, and suddenly, we heard a machine gun. But it wasn't theirs. Our army to the west had broken through, and pushed in, joining our two lines. It was a fantastic moment. Not because we'd been the ones to charge, or the ones in the tanks, but because the five of us who stayed in the snowy outpost at White Chapel Crossroads held the line until our army could push up. We had played a valuable part, even if we didn't get the glory.TL;DR:Foxhole is oftentimes slow and is a game where you have to keep the grand scheme in mind. It's as if you're playing an RTS where you're one of the many units to be commanded. The feeling of purpose and accomplishment is great, but you have to be a team player."
,Recommended,505460,34174004,Posted: 11 August,all,PatrocleFrumuselul56,love it
76561198015960574,Recommended,505460,34179542,Posted: 11 August,all,Cross,"The unique thing about this game is that you get to experience every aspect of war. Logistics, engineering, fighting. You can be a soldier fighting in trenches in the front, an engineer who fortifies bases, or handle the logistics and distribute resources across the map. Whatever you choose you get the feeling that you are contributing to a cause."
76561198171603167,Recommended,505460,34179630,Posted: 11 August,all,stevethemexican,"i'd recommend this to anyone.even in alpha this game is stable and fun.the community is one of the best ones in gaming,everyone is friendly and explains things to you,of you like simulator games and rts gamesthen this is the game for you"
76561197985584715,Recommended,505460,34943601,Posted: 13 September,all,Siruss,"It's a cool game. I was really sucked in for 2 days and if you have a cool group of friends to play with it lasts longer.. The only real negative is that there isn't a ""Bigger Picture"". You fight a war which might take a day, two days.. It ends, and you join another and do the same thing with no real sense of accomplshing anything. Yeah you get rank and that lasts. But the next game you just start from scratch again and go grind out resources, craft, build.. For $20 its totally worth it. You'll get plenty of hours to make it worthwhile. After initially buying, it's something you pick up for a day here or there and put down. They are still improving on it so if it's worth it now, it's certainly worth it for what it could become."
76561198022970165,Recommended,505460,34726411,Posted: 3 September,all,Vaderforpres,"Great game, even though you can spend 18 hours on a map and still lose..."
76561198063518059,Recommended,505460,33857731,Posted: 28 July,all,Glenn Danzig,"The game is ok & playable.I wouldnt mind not dying so often, having to respawn when dead at the home base every single time even after you set another point and it tells you that you cant respwan because there are no supplies at that point or it just acts like you never set a home point then taking 5 minues to get back to where you were...I played it for 7 hours or so...Its not easy ... line of sight needs tweaking bad, people just appear and dissapear even if not hiding... When your reading on it prior to purchase , it sounds as if you get to pick what you going to be at a character creation screen but no, you just go in and start doing something of your own choosing, which can be chaotic as instruction is lacking. coop is very important but seems half the people on your team are just doing what ever they want... Adding more structure to how the game is played would be very helpful. I give it a 3 out of 5, has potential & i will keep playing it, but its ruff."
76561198042522784,Recommended,505460,34703147,Posted: 2 September,all,Malinkii,"have only picked this up recently after seeing its come a long way from when i first looked into it quite a while back. all i knew was how to make ""shirts"" and mine scrap which doesn't sound exciting but i know the shirts i produced helped save an FOB from collapse and then i learned about radios and picked one up to monitor while still mining posting enemy movement updates helping us close down several raiding parties. all in all a productive 6hrs and i still don't know much about the game but i know where i can always help and grow from."
76561198031522141,Recommended,505460,33864104,Posted: 28 July,all,[BLD] [XO] Gamma27,"Let me start off with saying that I was a Pre-Alpha Tester, I have about 80 hours in game between both versions.Foxhole is like no other game you've played. It's a top down MMO war simulator. Not only do you have to fight the enem for yourself, you and your team have to keep the front supplied with weapons, ammunition, and Spawn Supplies. Everything soldier you see in game is annother player, and the war is faught over a front that streches accros the map.If you like combat, then this game has something for you. If you like playing the support role, then this game has more for you than any other game available. If you like play a mechanized infantry role, thats even there too.Get ready to fight the most intesnse war of your life, soldier."
76561197970344817,Recommended,505460,35456199,Posted: 3 October,all,[PUG] Synapse,"TLDR: I highly recommend this game for anyone that enjoys competitive multiplayer games. Foxhole is unique, and offers different gameplay depending on what type of role you want to play. There are pros and cons to each role, which are described below. Cooperation is critical in this game, and often the source of either great joy or great frustration depending on how well your team coordinates. The game is best played with a group of friends or with a group that is communicating with voice chat software. If you like to play solo, you can find plenty to do to help your team.Foxhole is a truly unique multiplayer game that encourages you to cooperate with a team of up to 70 players to win battles that often last more than a day (in real life.) It does not quite fit into any genre. This game has you enjoying things in the game that you thought could never be fun.There are two factions in the game, Wardens and Colonials. I do not know the lore, but the combat/technology closely resembles WW2 era. There is a progression of technology within each battle as well. The map will be populated by 70 players per faction on  servers that fill up. When the map first launches, each faction starts with 1 home town on a map that has a total of 8 to 10 towns (6 to 8 neutral towns on start of server). The goal of each battle is to take every town on the map. To accomplish this, you need players filling specific roles. I have divided these roles into 3 broad categories for the purpose of this review, and I will talk about each role individually because the role you chose to play does drive the type of experience you have in the game.The three roles are building, logistics, and combat. I will discuss pros and cons of gameplay related to each role. Experienced players will likely fill roles that are needed, and will often fill 2-3 roles during a game session. You do not have to ""pick"" a role, but I think it helps to review the game based on these essential roles.The builder will often be in the thick of combat focusing on getting defenses up on the frontline, but builders should also make sure areas that have been secured are built up to prevent attacks that might cut off supply lines. Building is required, but people rarely just build. Most builders are simultaneously running logistics or in combat. Most experienced players build when there is a need.Pros of playing as builderThe stuff you make as a builder usually establishes where the frontline will be, and if done well can completely change the direction of a battle.The foxholes and defensive structures you build will often get more kills than you'd ever be able to get as a soldier.The structures you build can remain in place fulfilling their purpose for the duration of the battle (often 10+ hrs)Cons of playing as builderBuilding takes forever, and its not really interesting... at all. Building on the frontline is only satisfying when you have established a strong frontline or cut off their supply line w/ defenisve structures, but it takes forever and you may not succeed.Building up behind the front is almost always boring.You cannot build without logistics support. You need constant supply of materials, and it can be frustrating trying to get materials while also trying to build.You cannot build on frontline without combat support. This can be frustrating when your teammates desert you to go fight somewhere else, and you get killed and potentially lose materials.Logistics is the core of a good team, and when you're playing on a team with excellent or poor logistics the battle will often snowball accordingly. You cannot do anything in the game without materials, and materials cannot get to where you need them without people filling the role of a logistics.Pros of playing logisticsPlaying logistics can either be very simple or complex depending on how you want to play. If you want to just mine stuff while doing something else IRL, people will be grateful for this even though you're not focused on the game.To optimize your role as a logistics player you will have to prioritize types of materials, production, transporting vs mining, and where you should be delivering supplies. Some people really enjoy this.Your teammates will thank you frequently for running logistics... you will feel loved.Logistics players are the ones that progress your technology to higher tier weapons/vehicles via mining scrap and components.You can be so involved in logistics that you want to control many aspects of the supply line to the point where you won't have time to mine/drive. These players are currently referred to as quartermasters in the game, or QM. A good QM will essentially just be communicating with the team and handling distribution of weapons/supplies. A good QM will also have a pleasant personality and not be a jerk.Cons of playing as logisticsMining/collecting supplies is boring and can take a long time.As with the other roles, your success as a logistician often relies on good support from builders and soldiers. When you don't have that support, you can lose supplies/trucks to enemy attacks.People are usually very grateful to logistics players, but it is not uncommon for people to complain about people running logistics poorly and DEMANDING stuff from logistics players. You may feel unappreciated...When there are not enough logistics players, and you're running logistics... people will request an impossible amount of work out of you. If you then ask for help with logistics, you will frequently be ignored.Playing as a soldier is something everyone will do at some point in the game. This is the role that is most in demand, and arguably the most enjoyable of all the roles. Many people will only play this role. Soldiers have a lot of ""subspecialties"" as well. You can be frontline builder, a medic, a machine gunner, man artillery pieces, or half-tracks etc. A good soldier will be able to perform all the specialties when they are most needed, and usually a couple at the same time. Also, a good team will have people who are leading soldiers to accomplish some short-term goal on the map.Pros of playing as soldierIt is exciting. It gets your adrenaline going.You get to exert control over the enemy. Knocking out supply lines is probably the single most important thing that you can quickly accomplish in this game. Much of the combat takes place around crossroads, and it can be intense.The combat gameplay is unique and fun. The variety of weapons and vehicles currently complement each other well, and the balance is pretty good.Good soldiers can definitely accomplish a lot with less players if they understand the combat mechanics well enough.The feeling of taking a town, overwhelming an enemy, or barely holding a defensive line is exhilarating.Cons of playing as a soldierAs with the other roles, you require support from builders and logistics to be able to properly fill the role of a soldier.Without good leadership, playing as a soldier can be the most frustrating experience. You will lose ground, attacks will fail, you will lose supplies to the enemy, and you will die a lot.Coordination with other soldiers is often difficult to accomplish. Sometimes people will yell at you because you're not doing something they want. Other times, people will refuse to listen to good leaders."
76561197977290622,Recommended,505460,34045046,Posted: 5 August,all,Dirt,"This is a nice, choose your own adventure, military sandbox with rewarding farming/building/crafting mechanics.The community of players is fun to interact with and everyone seems to have a mic except that one guy.Finally, a top-down style MMO with NO FANTASY CONTENT.  A grounded, realistic game where you dont need to learn a new language to figure out why an elf cant challenge a gargoyle.The battle scenarios happen in an organic fashion due to the limits of resources and design of the map.  Encounters and front lines feel much more realistic than any FPS game."
,Recommended,505460,33883782,Posted: 29 July,all,Iced Potato,"What if Squad and Running with Rifles had a child?Even in this early stage, the game is very promising.Keep an eye on it."
,Recommended,505460,33883870,Posted: 29 July,all,Madness,"Really fun, great teamwork required."
76561197992836868,Recommended,505460,33838413,Posted: 27 July,all,Fries (DEZ),"Awesome early access. Not your traditional shooter. Everyone is in constant communication, using team work, and very helpful to new players. This game is going places! Just stay off the roads, you will get ran over..."
,Recommended,505460,35429862,Posted: 2 October,all,Je suis graisse,"Great game, it sucks when you play the next day and realize your base got overran"
,Recommended,505460,34304936,Posted: 17 August,all,Ladwagon,"I dont review games, i leave that to the more competent person.All i am going to say is this game is pure FUN!"
,Recommended,505460,35470896,Posted: 4 October,all,Aids The Helicopter FemiNazi,YES no furrys
76561197995382544,Recommended,505460,35069529,Posted: 19 September,all,Lordy B,Euro Warzone Truck Simulator 201710/10 would ship starry-eyed young men to their untimely demise again
,Recommended,505460,35072807,Posted: 19 September,all,"Yeah, Toast!","I enjoyed this game a lot. It's a pretty good game by itself, but it really needs to be played with friends to reach its full potential.OVERVIEW:Basically there are 2 massive teams with a maximum of around 70 people on each team. The goal of either team is to capture the enemy's control points.BASICS:Once you join the game you will have a pistol with some ammo, and a hammer in your inventory. These 2 items are pretty good metaphors for the courses of action you can take in your game. You can either help your team out with logistics, or join the frontline and fight it out against the enemy.LOGISTICS:Win the supply and production war by delivering supplies to the front. Industry wins wars. Just ask the Soviet Union.FRONTLINE:Fight your way to the enemy base! Oorah!"
76561198042279458,Recommended,505460,35421301,Posted: 2 October,all,[101st] Lemur,"logg in, guys comes in truck that yells!OK sheeple get in the truck iam here to get you to the meatgrinderLoad up get there, die10/10 would get in that truck again"
,Recommended,505460,34731663,Posted: 4 September,all,wumbla,it's good.Early in development but it's fun especially in small groups
32131231231231231,Recommended,505460,34559292,Posted: 28 August,all,Ainsley,"Bought this game like an hour ago. Here is what i got:I spawned, went to the front. Died like 3 times.After getting an smg, and being left alone by my team mates killed about 8-10 guys.I love this game."
,Recommended,505460,34228582,Posted: 13 August,all,Amphore,☆┌─┐　─┐☆│▒│ /▒/│▒│/▒/│▒ /▒/─┬─┐│▒│▒|▒│▒│┌┴─┴─┐-┘─┘│▒┌──┘▒▒▒│└┐▒▒▒▒▒▒┌┘└┐▒▒▒▒┌
,Recommended,505460,33966684,Posted: 2 August,all,One Dangerous Dragonfruit,"Do you like Logistics? If not be prepared to change your mind (Or go to the front).Surprisingly satisfying getting supplies and weaponry to the frontlines, transporting goods and soldiers between outposts and towns. The community is also fairly good natured (Griefers aren't really tolerated).If you don't like that you can fight at the frontlines, which sometimes requires literal days of fighting, support and defence, even loss is fairly satisfying.Essentially work with your team, form bonds, and keep communicating and you'll enjoy the game.I would recommend a headset or mic for this game  due to the social aspect though you can use chat and standardised text chat options."
,Recommended,505460,33991248,Posted: 3 August,all,West Nile,Its Planet Side 1 meets Running With Rifles in a huge rts style.
76561198008894308,Recommended,505460,34341798,Posted: 18 August,all,An0malyMak3r,"Just bought the game and find it very enjoyable! It has a great community, you learn fast. 8/10 Getting ready to head back to the front and blow some♥♥♥♥♥♥up ;)"
76561198118981258,Recommended,505460,33874872,Posted: 29 July,all,fredcheif,Alot of fun
76561198027810908,Recommended,505460,33911588,Posted: 30 July,all,Doc Murray,"We held Dulla, we lost Dulla, we retook Dulla."
,Recommended,505460,34060654,Posted: 6 August,all,|51st|.Pte.The Redcoat,Cant praise this game enough! So different from anything else out there. Are the community overall seems to be great.Cant wait for all the new updates.
76561197969926786,Recommended,505460,34187088,Posted: 12 August,all,anvil,10 / 10 - would try to throw the grenade over that wall again.
76561198016598358,Recommended,505460,34216556,Posted: 13 August,all,«grumpy» Munkei,"Woke up , checked my phone. 6am.Immediately my now conscious brain ponders the wonders that await me in my third day playing Foxhole, and i jump online.I rendevous with the logistics commander in my server to see who needs what and where it is needed. Seems tedious driving the same route gathering the same supplies endlessly, but somehow it remains fun. Perhaps its because i know exactly how much fun the troops will have with all the mortars im sending to the front lines. perhaps its because the crate of shotguns im sending is the most fun weapon ive used since the shotgun in FEAR 3. Or perhaps im just the kinda guy that is able to enjoy the peaceful side of a furious war doing menial yet essential jobs to keep my side in this war.Either way, i get it done and decide after a while to get to the action and help the advance on the the filthy wardens inferior defenses. I get inside a half track ( armoured vehicle with a mounted machine gun ) in the gunner seat and we charge the flank. 8 guys all sitting there in a small area waiting to counter us get mowed down as i sadistically laugh down the microphone , taunting their failures to see us coming. We charge through to take out countless defenders. Blowing up supply trucks, mini gunners and field machine guns left right and centre. One checks the time, 2pm, and we press on.Grabbing a mortar and following the lead of my spotter, we fire death from above as we take out foxhole after bunker after half track. ""Distance 65, azimuth 320"" he would say as i adjust my coords accordingly and fire. Couple of seconds later i hear an almighty boom followed by my spotter , "" Perfect hit, its destroyed "". We inevitably take the city due to our superiour tactics and tenacity, Set up our own defenses and push even deeper into enemy territory.I notice im feeling a little tired by this time and check my phone for the time. Its midnight and i forgot to eat today.10/10 would starve again"
76561198007282678,Recommended,505460,34346400,Posted: 19 August,all,yohan_pace,"Saw a vid, bought it, played 12 hours straight. Addictive, and even more fun if you can find a buddy of war to hunt the other team with ^^"
,Recommended,505460,34347421,Posted: 19 August,all,Biskee,"// 1st game, joined 8th-day 120p server, private as f*ck// one faction is full, so forced to join the other// opened map// oh.xlsx// home town is overrun, we're turtling in the only outpost left at the corner of the map// stalingradflashbacks.mkv// notices chat box and see someone shouting for reinforcements on a bridge up north// grabbed a rifle and some rounds, nice 7.5/10 UI intuitiveness// arrived at the hold at our end of the bridge along with a few others// someone approaches us// ""ARE YOU READY TO DIE FOR THE MOTHERLAND?!"" he screams in fake Russian accent, same guy who asked for reinforcements// we say yes because we don't have any clue// ""GRAB SOME GRENADES AT THE STORAGE BOX TO MY LEFT!""// someone in our group asked what exactly are we supposed to do// ""QUESTIONS ONLY COME FROM ME!"" screams the CPL, ""NOW GO CROSS THE BRIDGE AND GRENADE THE FOXHOLES ON THE OTHER END!""// we haul our private asses and started running on the bridge// mid-way, bullets started spraying on us// frag grenades started popping out of nowhere// a bullet hits me, i lay flat with my chest on the ground and crawled for cover// i see my comrades writhe in pain// one screamed for medic but no one came// ""we must go back, this sh*t's futile,"" says my buddy who crawled with me and a few others to the side of the bridge// we survivors got up and sprinted for retreat// ""F*CKING COWARDS!"" screams our CPL from a distance as we approach our end of the bridge// suddenly I hear the whizzing of a few bullets coming// holy sh*t, our CPL f*cking friendly-killed someone in the surviving group// ""YOU EITHER DIE FOR THE MOTHERLAND, OR AS F*CKING P*SSIES! GO BACK THERE AND DO YOUR F*CKING JOB!""// someone in our group laughed and got friendly-killed by CPL's mate// shitjustgotreal.png// being the clueless sh*ts that we are, we sprinted our way back to the hellish bridge// we scream ""FOR MOTHER RUSSIA!"" as the bullets of hell rained on us10/10 will rather die again for motherland than be a p*ssy"
,Recommended,505460,34386701,Posted: 20 August,all,Floki,Hmm just bought the game 4 days ago but already have 60+ hours..Well I think it's playable :happy_creep:No for real this is realy addictiv and makes much fun even as solo player there is always lots of stuff to take care off and like all people use an realy good implemented voice chat.Also the vision system is pretty cool and logistics and combat and building and yeah ♥♥♥♥ yeah i want more cars and please trains in future but yeah realy cool bois
,Recommended,505460,33864247,Posted: 28 July,all,Frittentime,good game randy is♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,505460,34223765,Posted: 13 August,all,FuscusNight,"I'm loving it a lot thus far, one of the few MP games i played where i actually see people working together a lot, of course it all depends on the server you're on but usually people tend to work together decently and it can lead to some rather cool and fun [somewhat] coordinated moments. What probably helps a lot and i hope it never changes is the fact there are no stats for score,K/Dr,W/Lr or anything really, all you got is rank which is increased by other people commending you for a good job and a generic level bar that fills up by building,killing and gathering resources. With no way for players to compete in e-peen measuring contests there's no people obsessing over any stat, it actually promotes teamwork something other games that tried to do but failed since you often have just people doing things to increease a certain stat for braging rights and not actually trying to help the team win.I do heavilly recommend though that you play the game mostly with some friends, the diference is day and night when you got a group of friends or just a single friend helping you build structures, supply front line lines or push front lines forward.The art style and visuals in the game are  pretty nice, it's very clean,pleasent to look at and rather easy to tell things apart and it can run pretty much on any PC really.Foxhole really has something for almost everyone, even if you don't like shooting you can just focuse on gathering resources,building,being a medic or heck some people even just chill by doors on the road to open them and close them for drivers. This allows you to enjoy the game even on higher ping servers as pretty much all of these tasks are doable with higher pings.I hope the game doesn't die out and i'm excited to see what the devs are planing in the future.Few things I'd like to see in the game one day of the top of my head:-I'd like to perhaps see a weather system one day, so you could have fogy days that reduces everyones view distance or stormy and rainy nights that muffle sounds a bit or even snowstorms on snowy maps that can kill players who stray too far from the base for too long and if that got added in maybe allow people to set up camp fires to keep players warm during snow storms.-A way to build/pave roads-Cosmetic changes on your character when you level up and rank up-Connect all the maps together and increase player count beyond 120"
76561198342767217,Recommended,505460,33836524,Posted: 27 July,all,[WCB]Justice,7/10 not enough minefields.
76561198062987886,Recommended,505460,34103835,Posted: 8 August,all,{FOX} The Lamb Sauce,"Lets just get straight to the point here, this is an amazing game that I have been playing for the past week or so and I find myself constantly coming back into. If you are going to play this game however I would recommend that you find friends or a clan to play with for a more enjoyable experience.The community in this game is also the best I have ever found, people will almost always be friendly even to the most rookie players giving them advice and also tips on how to imrpove their actions in the game. The game is fun with large engagments occuring at fronts which are constantly moving. If you are new to the game I heavily advise watching some tutorials online as this will boost you're confidence once you step into your first game.Overall I highly recommend this game to anyone that likes working as a team or people who like action orientated games.Game: 10/10Community: 10/10Logistics Players: 11/10"
,Recommended,505460,34260298,Posted: 15 August,all,-Richy,Awesome mf game i've ever seen  i love it !!
,Recommended,505460,33963692,Posted: 1 August,all,cykr,"Makes you feel like a part of a greater whole.  Everything behind the front lines is just as important as the front line itself, without those trucks coming in with player built supplies, the front line will definitely get pushed back.  I love running logi and seeing the supplies I left off taken, knowing that it was used to kill some Warden scum!  COLONIAL FOR LIFE"
76561198125554124,Recommended,505460,33964395,Posted: 1 August,all,SamTheBigMan,My friend died in my arms. It was a terrible thing to watch. I cried for days. Great game though. Just wish the camera angles were more adjustable. 9/10 woulp♥♥♥♥♥♥again.
,Recommended,505460,34368278,Posted: 20 August,all,Fame972,AMAZING!
76561198008424843,Recommended,505460,33842850,Posted: 27 July,all,[MMI]Davis,"I have played this game since I found the free pre-alpha on steam and I just need to let you all know a few things.1) This is a literal war sandbox that allows you to create everything from your equipment to the tank you can drive. The ammo, the weapons, the defenses, you build it all.2) It's an MMO game that works and the first of it's kind.3) In my personal opinion, this game is a 10/10 simply because these developers give a♥♥♥♥♥♥and want to give us a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game. They've turned down huge publishers to keep us in the loop, that's money off their paycheck.4) I live an hour from these guys and because they're fellow Canadian's and Canada is the best, you should buy this game."
,Recommended,505460,34209841,Posted: 13 August,all,Yang  Xiao Long,"Foxhole, where to start... Its an amazing game, it's comunity is excelent, minimal to non existant toxic players on it. The best interactions come from the enemy when they decide to talk to you,  some of the interactions you have are amazing, everything from Boxing matches, to just sitting around while you seige a town and having a friendly chit chat with the enemy over a wall, or taking some as POWs.It does have its flaws, like every game. The main issue i have right now is Push to talk freaking out on occasion for me, and foxholes, yeah i have issues with the name sake, are In my own oppionon a little OP atleast in the Early game. The devs however, are always helpfull and always updating and fixing the game, given a few weeks most bugs you'll first find will be gone, only to be replaced with others, like most games, you fix one bug find another."
,Recommended,505460,34247459,Posted: 14 August,all,Hanthion,Overall Score: 8/10.-1 for a handful of circumventable early access bugs-1 for requiring long sessions to maximize entertainmentAn otherwise perfect game.
,Recommended,505460,34298362,Posted: 16 August,all,Misku,The game would be way better if chinese players didnt plague the servers.
76561198050244846,Recommended,505460,34202689,Posted: 12 August,all,kampfer91,"Day 15  .High Command sent me , a combat medic , to the western front  . Ours Combat engineers did a good job building an impressive line of denfense full of pill box and AT cannon but unfortunately so did the enemy who is defending Solas Crate , i  could see theirs bunkers from my foxhole and it is a god damn killzone that no one dare to push .Was the guarding job fun ? I say hell no , i only have 4 men with me defending a heavily fortified area so less people to chat with , sometime a grenade land into the vicinity and my men just casually walk away from it . From what i saw in the chat , ours boys have fun time fighting on the Eastern Front but it was a stalemate .And suddenly 1 of my men , i think he is a Russian , told me and another person to come with him . He  discovered a weakpoint in the enemy defense line . The 3 of us threw many HE grenades / Smoke and tore down the wall / Pillboxes  and whola ! Behind it was a lightly defend Supply route that lead right into enemy forward FOB and even Solas Crate 's Town hall ! .We informed high command immediately about the breach and they sent us a group of commando to help us out , the objective was to secure the area in front of  the main gate to Solas Crate  . After a few more Satchel charges to tear down more walls , we managed to reach the area , killed some guard but here came the fun part , we had to hold the area while command sending a group of combat engineer to build the tunnel to connect to the commando 's foxhole and just to spice thing up , the enemy already sent more soldiers to kick us out of the area !"" Stand ours ground boys ! No retreat ! "" the Sgt said , for the next 15 mins we fend off enemies , looted theirs body bags while trying to hold on to ours little foxhole and a thin stone wall . The enemy did not give up , they poured in from both the Townhall and the FOB behind us . One by one , the commando fell until only left 4 , as for me i already use my last magazine and the enemy was closing in , this is the end , so i thought , i can only hope the Warden have some vodka in theirs prison ....or wait ? May be beer ? I don't think the Warden is based on the USSR .....And then a hail of bullet cut down the enemies , finally our lazy as !@#$ engineer arrived along with a whole battalion of Colonial troop . I guess Hell still want me to suffer a bit before sending me to have a dinner with all kind of demon in Hell . In the end i left , went back to the old guard post while the eager soldiers of the Colonial planning for an assault on Solas Crate . But last time i heard , the assault was a disaster and all unit was wipe out from the town .Didn't know a boring guard post could become a full-blown assault .Just get this game and be a part of meat-grinder !"
,Recommended,505460,33857278,Posted: 28 July,all,Emmys,"Foxhole... is definitely worth buying. I've just dropped down the proverbial rabbit hole of this game (or foxhole, if you will,) and its' been fantastic. I'll update this and add in a whole lot more when I am not so tired, but let me give you a brief rundown:>Picked a random server.>Found most players to be cooperating and communicating.>Read nothing, because I've been gaming my whole life and ♥♥♥♥ tutorials.>Jump into fighting by hopping into a truck full of other players.>Repel a small invasion on an outer town, loot, load back up.>Head towards the most fortified base of the enemy we can get to... with the intention of sneaking in and blowing all sorts of♥♥♥♥♥♥up.>It works...>Sort of.>We all die and it's glorious. Repel more attacks, repair some stuff, replace all the vehicles we lost because ♥♥♥♥ our life.>Trucks start running low, except for the countless locked and useless ones.>Suddenly... supplies are near non-existent in our stockpiles. Steel? Fuel? TRUCKS? HA! Yeah right go ♥♥♥♥ yourself & start walking.>I said.. no. Nope. No. Walking is slow. We do not walk. We ride in glorious janky trucks of impending death.>Switch to supply and do some runs, fixing that issue because ♥♥♥♥ yeah I'm the supply lady.>Everyone loves me because I give them rides... even if the physics and driving caused innumerable accidental squishes of friendlies who clog up the road like an eight-thousand deer orgy at the spawn point.>14/10 look forward to being productive and dying again in the future.>>>>>AND DONT YOU DARE TOUCH MY TRUCK.<<<<<<"
,Recommended,505460,34236855,Posted: 14 August,all,eB.,Awesome
76561197976184085,Recommended,505460,33850077,Posted: 28 July,all,Pass,Great potential and very fun already in current state.
,Recommended,505460,34065499,Posted: 6 August,all,ComradeWinston,"An overhead shooter with building mechanics. Every bullet and vehicle is made by somebody. This all works out fairly well and in general people seem to work together with minimal issue. Its practically communist: everything you make more belongs to the nation, rather than yourself. The few people who don't take to this attitude can be unbearable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s but luckily, they are usually not common enough to ruin the game. If you are one of those people, eat♥♥♥♥♥♥A map can last for days with up to 140 players(70v70) and there are a rather great variety of weapons. A few types of artillery, plenty of weapons for soldiers, various types of grenade, ect. You can even build everything from a foxhole to a pillbox, which will fire at filthy colonials automatically as long as you keep them connected to your faction's tunnel network. Alternatively, you can jump into one yourself. There's of course larger infastructure such as walls, factories, forward bases(supply hub/spawn point) and so on. Naturally, people tend to dedicate themselves to fighting or dealing with logistics."
,Recommended,505460,34026823,Posted: 4 August,all,∀uri,i got ran over by a guy on a truck playing the vocal cover of All Star over the mic
,Recommended,505460,34124845,Posted: 9 August,all,ToroRosso BE,Buyed the game & went blind in 2 servers as they are different maps...Asked what was needed en they sad if you can please be Logi we need more drivers... So i started my carrier as a Logi driver.Tutorials helped me a lot so i was faster with understanding how things work.Now 100 houres later i'm a rank i made it to Rank WOII & even have a nickname created by the players on the 2 server.Yesterday i went i the wrong server en even there they knew aboute me.I can only say TANK YOU BAKER 4 & DOG 4  you guys are one hell of a crew to play withWOII Toro Logi Rosso
76561197960814011,Recommended,505460,34599824,Posted: 30 August,all,canaca,"So a couple of guys just stop by my side on their truck and ask me if the area is safe. I say : don´t go further, it is really bad there, they don´t care and keep going along the road. Few meters away their truck blow up and they are death. I say, I told you and keep building that foxhole up. Really good game"
,Recommended,505460,34088722,Posted: 7 August,all,John Papa csgowitch.com,"Start up the game for the first time ready to play. I see there is campaign so i try to play that spent 4 minutes figuring out how to start it and boom 50 player queue for campaign? OK, lets go try to join a server 80/100 player. OK lets join this one, ""You are in Queue. 450 Players ahead of you""."
,Recommended,505460,34125593,Posted: 9 August,all,Xarub,Game is interesting and fun if you can deal with:- Teammates stealing your stuff after you spend your time to harvest / refine it. (I'm talking stealing out of laziness)- Teammates  intentionally boxing you in so you can't move your vehicle- Teammates just randomly shoot you- Teammates building random stuff so you can't finish what you build (e.g. wall).- Teammates intentionally leaving gates open so enemies can get in- Teammates killing you with a tank because they can...In short: Every ♥♥♥♥ing troll will love this game because it is sadly quite easy to do a lot of damage and troll. Kicking after the fact isn't even possible all times since you need 3 votes to kickYou have to work to get stuff done and it has already been a thing that ppl join the enemy side and just feed them ressources and sabotage there own team. You can votekick them after they have done it...
,Recommended,505460,34179400,Posted: 11 August,all,NuMaprinz,*Spawns**Goes to the frontline*- Grena....*Respawn at the town hall*10/10 would get Grenaded again
,Recommended,505460,34170658,Posted: 11 August,all,Boss Kemp,"Wow.So in something like 17 years of gaming I've never played anything quite like this.Incredibly unique and it just works.And it's not even out of alpha yet. Can only get better really.Good sense of teamwork and communication in the game.Only thing it lacks (right now, I presume they are addressing it) is a player hierarchy/structure -It's all too easy to jump into a game and not know what's needed or where you are needed. So you could end up doing your own thing and not being too helpful.Fortunately for the small amount of time I've played, you only need to ask or someone steps up and starts dishing out the sitrep (Y)."
76561198010977569,Recommended,505460,33908055,Posted: 30 July,all,Kazamaniac,"Fantastic game, nothing quite like it out there!"
76561198274012103,Recommended,505460,33845379,Posted: 27 July,all,Thegamingchance,I have really enjoyed my 41 minutes playing this game so far but what I have noticed is that the driving controlls are a little wonkey and the line of sight that your solider could see I wish was a little biger
76561198025932578,Recommended,505460,33845222,Posted: 27 July,all,Hooked0nPhonics,"This game takes the cake. It is very entertaining and the endless war/game concept is spot on. The game has plenty of active players, so its easy to interact with a community of soldiers. Games are full. Worth every single penny. And then some."
76561198106549122,Not Recommended,505460,35346332,Posted: 30 September,all,ALIBAH'S SNAKBAH,At first the game seems fun. Once you get the hang of things and know the where-how-why there are moments of pure joy. But as you play the game you see the clear balence issues and the lack of player base to fill servers. The issues just get to me and far out wiegh any joy of playing. In this games current state I do not reccomend but I will continue to check in on it since most issues can be resolved with features.Pros:- Overall community is polite and helpful.- Trouble makers can be reported by a team and wepons banned for 20+ mins or banned form server for 6 hours.- Everything is player made.Cons:- No tatorial system to help new players learn how to do even the most basic of actions.- Game is a time sink. Expect to drop at least a full hour into the game to maybe accomplish something thats worth while.- People with larger monitors can see futher then others giving them an advantage that makes the game unplayable at times.- There is no way to organise efforts outside a in game text chat box or third party programs.- Groups/Squads/CLans (what ever you wantto call them) can abuse the repoting system to punish innocent people.- Servers are often one sided with manpower (Example 60vs30)- When servers reset (new game) the game allows a large amount of people to log into one faction reguardless of the number of opposition. (Example: a person is allowd to log into a server and join as a warden even though the map is 7 wardens vs 1 enemy) The Issue with this is no one wants to join the opposition since people tend to harass the team with fewer numbers... and its very easy to harass early game since there are no defenses built.
76561198041915239,Recommended,505460,34683826,Posted: 2 September,all,Frostheim,"This game is absolutely amazing, it really encapsulates all aspects of an extended fight between two sides with the way the mechanics work. Every gun, every grenade, even every bullet used by players was created by the players themselves. Somewhere down the line someone was collecting scrap that eventually became bmats and then supplies for the frontline. This sort of all encapsulating game with WAY more than a single person can do really helps to emphasize teamwork and it totally works, it may manifest itself in different ways depending on the team but for the most part people generally want to work together to win."
,Recommended,505460,33845653,Posted: 27 July,all,Nox,Really fun! I would suggest that you have a mic though.
,Recommended,505460,33925018,Posted: 31 July,all,neroxals,play this with your mic and feels the most important part on this game.11/10
,Recommended,505460,33915973,Posted: 30 July,all,Mr._Toggle,Lots of fun
,Recommended,505460,33860046,Posted: 28 July,all,Revelator,"It was day 2 when I was brought to the war. The war effort was slowly ramping up, I found myself hammering away for hours in a field of scrap. Logistics drivers coming and going. Speaking of my labor with great praise and promoting me to sergeant. Eventually a surplus of four thousand battle materials was reached and a FOB was requesting help. I hung up my sledgehammer and caught a ride to the front. I grabbed a rifle and set out, finding the front mostly in chaos with privates and lance corporals attempting to form some sort of assaulting line. Throwing themselves forward into a crash of death along a pillbox line and ambushes along the road. Night came and I took command and began working to get our forward line reinforced so that the enemy would no longer have easy access to break our assaults. We managed to build a leapfrog of sandbags and foxholes to engage the enemy. Breaking many enemy counter attacks at day break, I withdrew for more ammo.As I gathered more ammo a logistics driver with an australian accent who had helped me reach that rank of sergeant called out to me, we were getting desperate, but he had found a way in. We moved to flank around far past the enemy, engaging a few who were attempting to flank as we did the same. The enemy had left a hole near their gate and the walls mostly unfinished in the southeast, with their townhall barely within the breaches. We charged forth within the enemy line without anyone attempting to stop us. Lobbing HE grenades and retreating as they responded to the explosions. We engaged them and inflicted heavy casualties among their forces, before a forced retreat. Certainly they would seal the base and learn from their mistake!We returned again and again, destroying trucks, killing men on foot with raw materials seeking to have them refined, harassing the townhall for hours. Slowly increasing in our numbers as we brought people with us to exploit the breach. After countless battles and many HE grenades, a single one was thrown in hope when the explosion happened and the building came down upon itself. We cut the enemy off, a new battle beginning as we labored to hold the enemy off from bringing a construction vehicle before we could. The losses were high from us, but higher from the enemy. We took Loftmire. With such a loss the enemy was broken, they began to desert at a high number. We few raiders knew now how to break the enemy and moved down to Oleander with a truck full of HE. The wall was easy work and we met no resistance as we brought down yet anotehr town hall. Our allies having moved focus on the capital of the enemy. At day 8 of the war, victory was declared. The enemy was broken and remained with a single man in the army. He fought until the bloody end and we commended him for that."
,Recommended,505460,33977145,Posted: 2 August,all,[M+B]Nimmo,"- This is my new favourite game -First I didn't know what I was doing. So I got involved in combat cause a town was being taken. We got annilhilated. We lacked weapons etc. So I done logistics to help with supply runs to outposts. - We managed after hours to push them back. It was a constant ft for ft warzone.Also the players, the community is what makes this game even better, occasionally you will get the odd one who likes to grenade a cluster of friends. I've only seen that twice, followed by a swift kick-ban. Team killers by weapons are banned from using weapons for 30 mins. Players reward players and love bouncing off each other in this game.One of the funniest moments I've had though. - Some guy was by our HQ! - Past all our defenses, just scooting around in a motorbike, saying ""HEY!, It's really dangerous back there!"" We were all shocked and so we took him prisoner. Got him to show us where the weakness was. We had him in a convoy in a pillion seat of the motorbike with a truck filled with 6 soldiers ready to gun him. Unfortunately, he came to a violent end, the foxholes and pillboxes gunned him. Damn. We never found the gap in the defenses."
,Recommended,505460,33913961,Posted: 30 July,all,Ian,"I've got about 17 hours into Foxhole now, and I must say I was very surprised by how addicting this sandbox top down strategy shooter is.Teamplay is a huge component of the game, players work together to fight on the front lines, as well as set up logistical supply lines in the back field to keep their teammates fully stocked and fighting strong. Building bases and fortifications is a very rewarding experience, and is perfect for those who crave a creative building experience over an action packed combat one.One of my favorite things in this game is to take a stroll back through the areas we spent hours fighting through to take a town, and just look at all the fortifications, foxholes, sandbags, our team built as we progressed through the map. Each area reminding me of a battle that decided the outcome of our conquest. Late into the match players have developed fuel depots, motor pools, roadways, tank foundries, and all sorts of other installations all with the goal of supplying the front lines. The maps feel lived in, and you truly feel like you are in a war for the long haul.That brings me to the only downside I can see. This game is not for people with limited time to play. Things take time to get going in Foxhole. Building and supplying a push can take hours, and taking a town can take just as long. I personally think that this is one of the game's major strengths though, because if you have the time to spare, you are rewarded with an immersive war experience that feels great when every player driven system comes together to form a victory. Helping to construct the town hall to capture a town after 6 hours of fighting, building, and supply runs, really feels like a great achievement.Lately I've been enjoying playing as a combat medic, a role that is very important because of the way the game encourages saving equipment and avoiding death whenever possible, lest your gear fall into enemy hands. I feel there is so much more for me to uncover about this game, and I look forward to learning more.One final note on the community of this game. It seems some players can be a bit rude, or intense, but I guess that comes with the territory of any online game. Play smart, and come with a willingness to learn, and most people will show you patience. However I've seen new players make honest mistakes only to be voted and banned from the servers very quickly over a misunderstanding."
76561198029219425,Recommended,505460,33913232,Posted: 30 July,all,[BLD] Aefian,"There's nothing like it. Be a rifle soldier, tank commander, combat engineer, logistics, artillery spotter, mortar unit, medic, squad officer, scrapper, builder, scout,.. The possibilities are endless. All of these options matter. One way or another your contributing to the battle.It's warfare on a massive scale, where everything from weapons, vehicles, defenses to even spawn supplies are player created. This is the game where rather than kills, teamplay is the most requested attribute. Wars can last hours to days so you'll encounter the same players and clans on a frequent basis. You can make a lot friends and enemies alike when playing this amazing game.Because of this unique approach I give it a solid recommendation."
,Recommended,505460,33914013,Posted: 30 July,all,Denz,"As great as this game is, if you have a problem taking initiative (even if that means taking initiative to find other people to play with) you'll probably have a hard time finding things to do in Foxhole. You can't do much all by yourself - logistics is possible but time consuming alone, building is tough and VERY time consuming alone as you need a lot of resources (and often times protection) to construct anything significant, alongside the time it takes to whack things with a hammer. And combat is pretty much impossible alone. You might be able to Rambo your way through a few people by yourself but you likely won't make any significant headway in the game without fighting alongside other people.And that's where this game really shines to me. It is a MULTIPLAYER experience, and it has just the right community that realizes this as well. If you like to do everything yourself, it's not the right game for you, plain and simple. But also recognize you don't have to organize the entire server to get something done, you can do a lot of work with just 2 or 3 other people. I helped build a pretty huge roadblock with a few Russian guys and we had a lot of fun defending it from raiding parties. I also joined a huge offensive on a bridge and racked up tons of kills on that front, making huge progress over a couple hours.If you want to see large scale battles and work together to make that happen, even if you're not super into crafting or building and you just want to shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥ there's a place in Foxhole for you. The closest thing I could compare it to is the ARMA series, particularly the Wasteland gamemode, but on a much larger scale, more refined and with a much better engine. Somehow the top down shooter combat actually works really well, although bushes are a little bit awkward in particular."
,Recommended,505460,34108228,Posted: 8 August,all,B.Miller,"The fog rolled forwards as did the thunderous crescendo of our field artillery and mortar teams as screams of wounded mixed with the screams of shells. Wood splintered and flew in all directions and trees collapsed throughout the treeline. The only light was either from the moon or the muzzles of our rifles, Most wouldn't live if they could see the light generated by the impact of the shells. I can see the vapor of my comrade's cold breath as my hands stiffly clutched the frigid metal of my rifle. I see the black outline of a Colonial slip through the trees, I raise my rifle and pull the trigger, a crack echoes out followed by the sharp metallic pinging sound of my 7.62MM round piercing a Colonial helmet, His corpse crumbles in a heap on the ground. I march forwards through the dense fog alongside my brothers, the Green ash mixes with the fog and those unfortunate enough to be without a gas mask collapse to the ground, hands grasping at their own throats. A form emerges from the fog charging at me with nothing but a knife and I quickly reach out wrapping my hand around the Colonials throat and squeeze my grip until his thrashing ceases and let his body slump the ground. I hear the roar of an engine and the thunder of machine gun fire as a halftrack rips through our lines. I grab my last canister of Green Ash and surge forward, Adrenaline and my faith in my country giving me the resolve to push myself. I feel two sharp pains in my side and look down briefly to see two red stains in my greatcoat beginning to extend, I ignore it and struggle onwards,Pulling the pin I throw the grenade falling to my knees as I hear cries from the enemy line, I feel a brief poke of a needle and my pain ceases, bandages are quickly applied and I look up from the blood and ash coated ground to see the halftrack covered in flame and rising green toxins. I hear more roars, Four halftracks marked with Imperial colors surge down the road making short work of all exposed heretics. A rallying cry breaks through our ranks and we prepare to surge forward like an unending wave of vengeance. I steady myself and raise my rifle, fixing my bayonet. This will be our greatest charge."
76561198088986337,Recommended,505460,33954670,Posted: 1 August,all,RingMaster,"TLDR at the bottom.I feel mostly everything about the game is really good, the overarching strategy, the smaller squad vs squad strategy, the tactics and the logistics in this are extremely well done, but the PVP combat just doesn't mesh with it all.Everything else about the game requires thought and skill and experience but the PVP/combat of the game is capped at going prone and waiting for your crosshairs to shrink for a better shot, the rest is literally hoping your shots hit because of the random hit chance.I think when someone who isn't good/is a new player can kill a very experienced player with impunity just by sheer luck of getting good RNG then there is a big problem. I'm not sure how they would do it but i'm getting more and more fedup of playing the combat role and wanting to do anything else but that because of how frustrating it is to play.However, i do absolutely recommend this game if you can put up with the *in my opintion* lame combat because the rest of the game is fantastic, this game appeals to strategy game fans, management game fans and the roleplay game fans. If they somehow make the combat skillful where getting good is a possibility then i would give this game (for an in progress game) an 8/10.TLDR: PVP in my opinion is bad but every other large part of this game is absolutely amazing."
76561198026219066,Recommended,505460,34114023,Posted: 8 August,all,LT Durham,"One of the coolest games of 2017. Truly revolutionary. You can mine resources, make weapons/ammo, make a transport truck and move troops or supplies, make tanks, mortars, grenades, or be a builder and make defenses...OR GO OFFENSIVE and kick the enemies teeth in....literally has everything. It's soooo cool and well worth $20. Best to have a mic but not needed. Teamwork is key and making friends helps get you promoted. Easy to make friends...give rides, suppply troops, be a medic. I can't say enough good things about this game. I'm 30 and not a fanboy so you can trust this review."
,Recommended,505460,34848797,Posted: 9 September,all,Karhu,"Not many games have made me feel so part of the community in so short time as this.In 9 hours i have had many things happen to me. I have heard stories about cheating girlfriends. I'v been captured by the enemy under losing conditionshttps://youtu.be/8yxxKJqXGeQ. I have killed enemies and i have been killed. i have driven many hours of truck to get supplies for others. I have interacted with almost all people that have been in the game.This game feels alive, try it out."
76561198006840968,Recommended,505460,33861537,Posted: 28 July,all,R0x0r,"Have never written a review before but this game deserves it.Pros:-Awesome community and building up.-Helpful, commited and friendly ppl in discord.-Great game concept, gameplay and settings.-War game that actually makes you use your team.-Super cool dev team that actually listens to your feedback and keeps you updated.-Low price of the game IMO for such an original and well executed title and its just an early access game.-Confirmed no microtransactions policy or F2P BS-Runs pretty decent for an early access game and havent encountered any bugs yet.- Easy to play. hard to master.-Can take part in the war effort by participating in a variety of roles.Cons:-The only thing I dont like (which some devs told me it was gonna be an improvement) is the fact that the windows default cursor appears a lot, specially on the menu but they say they are planning on adding much more to the game and to polish what the game already has to offer (this is only a thing I have I hate Windows default arrow pointer on games lol)10/10"
,Recommended,505460,33878276,Posted: 29 July,all,Mikal,"I'm addicted, the most fun game that I have played in a long time, I just hope it doesn't go down the ""We have made our money now, lets stop developing it"" route that alot of other Early Access games do because this can only get better."
76561198002211083,Recommended,505460,33884261,Posted: 29 July,all,JacksonSG1,Very good game in general. The gameplay can be very deep if you see the big scope of it but you need to give it a couple of hour to see this because when you start it can be confusing.Antoher tought :  server at 120 players seem a bit low for a game like this. The game would benefit alot if they put 100 versus 100 players.
,Recommended,505460,33893799,Posted: 29 July,all,Dox Actual,"Foxhole is a pretty fun game with a lot of potential. In the 4-5 hours I've played this game, I took control of my team's western front, where we successfully defended our town from 2 directions, then launched a counter offensive and took 2 enemy outposts. It was a great feeling having ~30 people looking to you for orders and carrying out successful attacks.People say this game isn't as fun when you're playing solo, which is probably true, but I didn't know a single person that I was fighting with, yet I still had a great time. If you take charge and lead some fronts you'll have a great time. I definitely reccommend this game to anyone who enjoys military simulation games."
76561198028645036,Recommended,505460,33909968,Posted: 30 July,all,nsbanzai9,pretty good. its a multiplayer game that the players play single player.
76561198042251811,Recommended,505460,33930013,Posted: 31 July,all,Spaghetti Hallo,Okay so imagine an RTS but the overlord guy decided to go AFK and leave all the units to it thats this game so so so so good.
76561198187944870,Recommended,505460,33971775,Posted: 2 August,all,Pat,in demo i only smack scrap. now alpha is so great after dont know what to do walk around and have someone randomly guide teaching thing and join big group nice. :3
,Recommended,505460,33982605,Posted: 2 August,all,Pinhead Larry,"The game is super fun and very unique. There's a bit of a learning curve but if you're intimidated my best advice would be to play it and you'll figure it out soon enough. My favorite part so far has been being a medic. Running over to dudes that are down knowing that the enemy is right around the corner is awesome. And unlike other games such as this, I really feel like I made a difference - for better or for worse."
,Recommended,505460,34160730,Posted: 10 August,all,SoapBoxie,This game is amazing.There is so many ways to have fun combat wise in game. Loving to see how this game turns out on full release.You can not be a lone hero in this game. You need a team to play with.
,Recommended,505460,34267814,Posted: 15 August,all,Quorra,"Relaxing and frustrating all at the same time. Lots of fun.I hate the leveling up system though... it relies on other players to give you accolades (thumbs up) to gain higher ranks.Wish it was based on what you actually contribute to the team.Anyway I like collecting resources and doing logistics most of the time, it's relaxing.It's fun to get in on a good squad and attack as well, but that's a bit more stressful."
,Recommended,505460,33873282,Posted: 28 July,all,InternetPerson,"Foxhole is a top-down, multiplayer, strategy shooter, where players are put in charge of supplies, transportation, and fighting. Sounds fun, right? Well... yeah, you're right!"
76561198040752728,Recommended,505460,33888482,Posted: 29 July,all,Fernandos33,Team Work but not only that team work together if you know what i mean...no really in this game EVERYTHING is on the team/players hands since getting the supplies to make the ammo and buildings to group and move and atack and EVERYTHING is ON the PLAYERS hand so it is A M A Z I N G (i can`t recommend enough)[sorry for the awful english the english thats my 2nd-ish langage]
76561198028437346,Recommended,505460,33889945,Posted: 29 July,all,Manchild88,"So ive played this for over 9 hours in the first 24 hours...i wanted to Support this game with a review because it really has what its offering in its trailers, unlike most games...I really like this game from almost all angles of looking at it. I bought foxhole on the want for a good Top Down Shooter and i wasn't disapointed...Pros+Graphics are Fine/Runs Great+So Many roles to Play+Battles are Grand scale+Community is Great (for the time im writting this review)Neg-You are a single ant and worth nothing-No Real solid Commanding roles-Combat Camera angles will make you mad"
76561198032983213,Recommended,505460,33918730,Posted: 30 July,all,[M8B] High King Yirgar,"Good, Fun, War."
76561198045391499,Recommended,505460,33930282,Posted: 31 July,all,Cuck Killer69  4 2 0,after crawling in grass reconning the other team for 5 days only to find out it was friendlys. Then got shot and bled out screaming for anyone to hear me but they never came. 10/10
,Recommended,505460,33940067,Posted: 31 July,all,☭Socialist Syntax☭,"Good game for Pre-AlphaPro:Balanced for the most partLittle to no glitchesVery unique gameplayDifferent playstyles (Figheter, Logistics, Combat Engineer, Combat Medic) without actually having to pick a classSupplies needed to win the war made actively by playersGo goddamn microtransations or DLC (Please never add it)Cons:Bad kick systemOccasional grieferPeople ♥♥♥♥ing making a tank, supplying it, parking it at home base, locking it, then logging off$20 is a bit too much for a game like this that is still in alphaBacking into someone even lightly kills them, causing the server to give you a warning"
,Recommended,505460,33944380,Posted: 1 August,all,Operative.Kiwi,Amazing game
76561198176919757,Recommended,505460,33947420,Posted: 1 August,all,Erenior,"This game, albeit in a very early stage, is a hell lot of fun - as long as you are looking for a game that is about communication, working together with random players and if you are willing to contribute to your team/faction.it does not offer classic role system. instead you can choose to be whatever role you want to be. go to the front line and be a good rifleman... or craft a truck and be a logisitcs driver... or grab your hammer and craft defenses and outposts... grab binoculars and be a spotter for your mortar troops... be the medic your team desperatly needs -  there are so many possibilities.i do not recommend this game to you if you are:- used to do everything by your own because you dont trust others- unable to work in a team with random players- unwilling to communicate with random players in your team- used to the usual first person shooter games and you think it will work herelone wolfs wont stand a real chance and will die... a lot.yes, the game still has some issues... and some players wont get a hang on this game. like players that dont realize that there is a ""line of sight"". you go around a corner of a building and suddenly there are 5 enemies. the good point is, the developer listens to ideas from the community in their reddit thread.oh and a major plus is the community. as long as you arent a real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ they are very kind and helpful. what multiplayer game can say from itself that his community is really good?8/10, game needs some improvement, but the game idea and the community is just great"
,Recommended,505460,33948237,Posted: 1 August,all,Wiki,Good game so far its more fun if you have friends to squad up with but the game seems to have a good community so far. Only thing i do not like is i think the area for aiming should be a bit farther because it gets a little hard to aim but for EA its great.
,Recommended,505460,33949358,Posted: 1 August,all,Rabbit,"YO what the hell ,. mine sulphar build fortifications .turrets , foxholes , tanks , build and stuff , , pvp Squad play . . , 30 hours and still playing so its good , worth money , get it , fancy something different to play . persistant world ... World war shooter . top down surivial game where team work is key .. go to twitch get a group . . . simplegame will get more popular as more people stream it and get it out there ., ."
76561198044050647,Recommended,505460,33951923,Posted: 1 August,all,Nobodypoor,10/10 Would watch my entire squad get blown up by mortors while i sit in a foxhole again.
,Recommended,505460,33962012,Posted: 1 August,all,The Krazed Ace,"Short & SImple:There are two sides to the war, it is PERSISTENT (aka I've played with people who stayed up 24 hours to hold the lines).High learning curve at first, but if you adjust some key bindings you'll be fine.MIC is a MUST, but if you don't have one... chat is definitely useful/very helpful!Good communitydepending who's on and willing to help.Overall... great game, still in early stages but definitely worth a try and must play with friends too! Very addictive."
,Recommended,505460,33971759,Posted: 2 August,all,XenoLocke,"I have never played anything like it before.  It allows for so many unique, dynamic and memorable experiences that just naturally happen as you play the game. You will remember the battles you fought, the soldiers who died alongside you, the nice chap who gave you a lift in his truck, the hours you spent building defenses to hold that crucial chokepoint.  Highly recommended for gameplay and socializing like no other game I've ever played."
76561198031511644,Recommended,505460,33975369,Posted: 2 August,all,DustyBottoms,"Different, but very fun game. Got to work with your team, and the community has thus far been very friendly. I recommend! Play with friends for an even better experience!"
76561197966118921,Recommended,505460,33977592,Posted: 2 August,all,Pestun,Fun game quick game with a depth kinda rts one player multipayer exp. You have to work together to get the best exp. I exped good and nice players. Logistics and no trolls. Great game to try alone as it contains ingame voice coms and a good discord server.  Go Foxhole!
,Recommended,505460,33977801,Posted: 2 August,all,⎛⎝ metaL ⎠⎞,"It plays like Running With Rifles coupled with the scale and building aspect of Squad. If I weren't so impulsive I would have waited for a while but it was just released and I can recognize potential when I see it. Solo play can be very boring, but I believe the true enjoyment of this game will come from playing with your friends. The current price feels fair and because the game has such a solid foundation so early I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,505460,33994844,Posted: 3 August,all,[CM] NABIT,Supper fun and cool devs well worth buying even in early access.
76561198057090090,Recommended,505460,34018803,Posted: 4 August,all,[PG] BlaZeR,pretty fun especially with a group
76561197997077946,Recommended,505460,34499716,Posted: 26 August,all,Kallvin ✔,"Gameplay is excellent: two things that will bring this from a 3.5/5 to a 4-5 would be to fix the VOIP issues, and allow custom key bindings, using T to chat makes things a little bit of a stretch without an autorun command.All in all the gameplay seems balanced out enough, and with any further additions to this game, it is going to be an amazing AOE meets your favorite squad based RTS, but in a persistent world that can last for a day or two, refreshing the cycle and giving more of a ""Lobby"" style gameplay feel. Aside from that the game is a long grind for materials, but such is the logistics of war. It will all be worth it once you find yourself deep in enemy lines with 30 comrades storming your enemies last fortifications, leaving you with nothing but the sweet taste of victory and the echoes of the song ""Ride of the Valkyries"" buzzing fresh in your ear, long after the machine gun fire and artillery explosions have subsided."
76561198018124178,Recommended,505460,34527646,Posted: 27 August,all,Deadgoroth,"Good EA.- Dev are bringing more and more content an listen to players.- Community is 50/50, if you play on a server with crappy team, do not waste your time and your game experience, just change server. Usually there's always peple willing to help and teach to new players.- Game is beatiful and very well optimized, good animations. More to come with no doubt.- Really immersive on his way, different gameplay. Soldiers, farmer, medic, QM, supply...My best advice on this game is to find a group a nice players and stick with them."
76561197970809594,Recommended,505460,34542010,Posted: 27 August,all,Spool Lyger,Amazing game - Can't wait to see where it goes in the future.
76561198070703587,Recommended,505460,34628251,Posted: 31 August,all,Namic WCoast,its cool
76561198189942127,Recommended,505460,34744683,Posted: 4 September,all,Chaurus,"If you truly are searching for a multiplayer experience look no furtherIf you truly want a multiplayer player experience where it dosent feel like imaginary code is helping you in the background, where every action you take has a player spending real time in game to either mine the materials, deliver the materials to the plant,manufacture the weapons, build the town, supply the soldiers, every one plays an important role even though it is in early access it is truly on of the most ""Multiplayer"" games out there."
76561198146744384,Recommended,505460,35142270,Posted: 22 September,all,Sir_Dibs,"I usually never write reveiws, but this game is worth telling people about. This game has literally the best and most mature and helpful community i have ever seen from any multiplayer game. The mechanics are a bit glitchy but it is still in early alpha. Had some good times playing and i find it hard to put down. Recommend 10/10"
76561198075494612,Recommended,505460,35140533,Posted: 22 September,all,Backslapped,"Pretty fun and ""complete"" feeling despite being in alpha. There are a few bugs as I am sure you will read in other comments, but they don't take away from the game in an impactful way. Good game for playing with friends, or a lone-wolf style of gameplay, but either way, you have to read the chat and follow orders from people who know what they're talking about. This is truly a TEAM game! You are rewarded for playing as a TEAM!"
,Recommended,505460,35124879,Posted: 22 September,all,Bunta Fujiwara,Not the game for me but it still deserves a recommendation just because of the concept and community.
76561198309985669,Recommended,505460,35037128,Posted: 17 September,all,djmattiej,best shooter/mmo ive ever played
,Recommended,505460,35004755,Posted: 16 September,all,NitroWombat,"An indie company/game that is actually being built with the community!  They are activly working on it, fixing it, notify the community of issues, and adding conent constantly.   Seems like finally we have a winner in the Early Access.  I normally don't do indy EA anymore.  I watched this game for a bit before installing.  It's worth it, check out some of the streams and vids."
76561198028735039,Recommended,505460,33914646,Posted: 30 July,all,Davidbc,"4 hours in and the ammount of epicness I've experienced is crazy. I will highlight 2 of those moments:1. Sneaking into the enemy main base just me and my brother, and start getting kills and hiding in different houses to avoid being spotted.2. Sneaking into the enemy main base and stealing a truck full of scrap and explosive materials, fixing it and then bringing it back to our main base where 2 people where waiting for us to use all the supplies we brought in :D10/10 will sneak into the enemy main base again."
76561198012181142,Recommended,505460,35223920,Posted: 26 September,all,[82DK] Hexagoner,"If you like being part of something bigger and organized gameplay, don't hesitate with this one"
