user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198027954343,Not Recommended,505640,33576151,Posted: 15 July,all,ChefOrc,"I just cannot recommend this game.Sure, the ""Gangs of New York"" + ""Oliver Twist"" theme is nice and the campaign provides 10 varied levels, BUT it's a problem of value for your money. If you can get it for 5$ or less, then yeah, maybe, but otherwise there are infinitely better strategy games out there.I finished the campaign in 4 hours, and these 4 hours felt longer than they should have been. This is in part because the game's animations and sequence of events are artificially long, but mostly becausethe gameplay severely lacks depth. After the first 3-4 levels (out of 10), I had enough mastery over the simple systems that finishing a level was just a matter of going through the motions and waiting for the predictible conclusion. It is quite easy to figure out what to do and which options are the best. There is not much granularity in gameplay, not a lot of small decisions that can make a difference down the line. I can't imagine different players using very different routes to victory. And you can feel that from the get-go, with a tutorial that does not allow the player to develop his style or experiment.After finishing the campaign, the game wants you to play online versus real opponents, but frankly, I cannot see how online play might take off. The depth is just not there for a strategy game, and I don't know how most games will avoid degenerating into mirror matches with no obvious way out of the inevitable stalemate. I'm not bothering to find out, anyways.Another unfortunate aspect of this game is the lack of thematic coherence. The promise of backstabbing, assassinating and blackmailing does not translate into anything at all. These are just words and images glued over game mechanics that have nothing to do with them. There is no stealth, no guild member management, no lies, no scheming ... nothing that you would expect from a game that sells a thieve's guild fantasy. Gameplay-wise, the game is an abstract resource management game with a very simple combat system, all rolled into a 1v1 turn-based strategy structure.  It feels like the art department wanted to do a thieves guild game, while the game design guys decided they wanted 30-minute strategy duels. Not to mention the music which absolutely does not fit the theme whatsoever (although it's a nice music if you like Pachelbel's Canon, which I think it is based on). What a mix ...Now this game is not all bad. The art is competent, there are no noteworthy technical issues (in the off-line campaign at least), the devs put a very nice effort into varying the gameplay across levels, the learning curve is smooth. A shame that the pros get overshadowed by the cons."
,Not Recommended,505640,33909014,Posted: 30 July,all,G4rviel L0ken,"How the game works:1.) MapThe map consists of rectangular tiles which are covered in fog of war. These tiles can be either streets or houseblocks. Streets can be used to move units. Houseblocks can be burgled for money and research currency (lamps).Houseblock also contain one of several infiltratable buildings which give different bonuses like more money, lamps or discounts on units.2.) ExplorationEach turn, the active player gets a character which has a certain number of actions per turn. The number of actions depends on certain skills in the research trees.An action can be:- Get rid of up to 3 tiles fog of war at streets- Attack an NPC / enemy player unit- Scout a houseblock und burgle the building you entered the housblock through.- Burgle a building of an already discovered houseblockAfter all your actions with this character are used, you can't explore further. (with one excpetion)3.) Builder PlacementEach turn the active player can spend gold to hire henchman. These are:-Urchin (can infiltrate buildings to give the player boni)-Thug (can block streets and disappear after 2 turn(doesn't count for gangs))-Gang (can attack NPC / enemy player units, gets an upgrade for each kill(8 total), gets life by ""devour"" Thugs)-Saboteur (places traps in buildings for 2 turns. Unit which attacks a trapped building is stunned for 1 turn and loses all actionpoints. Also scouts buildings)-Officer (clears an entire building from urchins. Disappears after 1 use)-Assassin (Deals massive damage. Disappears after 1 use)4.) ResearchEach turn, the active player can buy upgrades from 3 tech trees for lamps. these upgrades give several bonuses like more advanced henchman or more action points for the temporary character.Campaign:The campaign consists of 11 levels with different objectives.The first 3 levels are more or less the tutorial, where the game guides you through its mechanics. But, the third level is by far the most difficult one in the entire game.The rest plays like a normal skirmish with some cool ideas to change the objectives (don't wanna spoiler something here).In my opinion its the strongest part of the game, despite its length.I still have to criticise the 3rd level as to hard, not just in terms of an normal level, but also as an follow up, to the first 2 really easy and guided missions.Skirmish:Skirmish games are games for victory points against the AI.You can choose to play on 4 different maps. 3 of them already known through the campaign.You can also choose the difficulty of the bots from 3 different difficulties.To make a long story short, you play through the above mentioned steps (How the game works) and fight for victorypoints.After some matches you get a spin on how things work and this mode brings you no challenge anymore.Multiplayer:The Multiplayer is split into 2 options, which play out like skirmish matches, but against a real opponent.1.) Live MatchThe are literally skirmish matches against a human player.The big downside is, you can't choose a map (its random) and you just can see the scenario info in loadscreens2.) CasualCasual matches play out as skirmishes too, but not synchronous like a live match. The match is hosted on a server, so you can actually leave the game for your opponents turn.You get an email when your turn begins.The problem with this is, even, when you stay ingame, everytime your turn starts, you get an email. It is possible to disable this in the options. But i would prefer a simplequery if the player is still taking part in the actual game. If not send a email, if he is, dont send one.In this mode you're actualy able to use the scenario info outside of the loading screen.And now the criticism:These are mostly aimed on the multiplayer part of the game1. First turn advantageAfter a developer answered to this post, that they took measurements to prevent this, I played some more games against a friend.Every time, the player, who started first won the map. You really get some extra lamp on your first turn, and our experience may be just unlucky, but at least for me, this is a thing.2. Maps aren't randomized itself, but how the ressources are distributed is.This is a big problem. Especially in the early game. A fairly legit tactic is to rush to the enemy base, research thugs and spam his base. This forces the player to develop gangs and let them stay out in the open, so they can be killed.If you also have no gold generating buildings, you have to kill the Thugs with your main character, which costs you an action and also the only attack for a round. On the other side, the other player still has his freedom,can expand faster and snowball out of this.I dont wanna have a mirrored map or something like this, but I think a money generating building at the start area should be added.3. Victory points are randomized over the map.I.)Churches spawn in different locations with different distances to the playerII.)assasinationtargets / NPC targets spawn random through all of the map (despite buildings)It can happen, that a Target is spawning in front of a playerbase, which means the other player has some big problems, like:- the other player hasn't lifted the fog of war yet.- the ""lucky player"" will kill the other players gang for getting the target (which brings the other player into a hughe disadvantage)- the ""lucky player"" can train his gangs with addspawn from the target.-the ""lucky player"" also can have some disadvantages by this spawn too.This targets block paths, so one player can trap the enemy inside of his spawn very easy and also spawnkilling new gangs without having any risk.4. Insufficient Visibility for VictorycontionsVictoryconditions are just visible through a button in the menu (through the gear symbol) or the loadscreen before a match.In live matches the button in the menu is not clickable.I would like to see a button in the actual game (in the UI, not in the menu) which shows you the victorycondition of the current map when pressed.After playing some more games and also played the campaign, i can understand why many people recommend this game. But I still have my concerns especiallyon the PVP side of the game and can't change my decision with good conscience.I will look into later patches and update this review if neccessary.I hope the team behind this will keep it up and take this as its meant to be, constructive criticism from someone, who appreciates and likes the idea behind the game.Reviewchangelog:-Reworked the ""How the game works"" part. Made it more detailed, to reflect to flow of the game better-Added the part ""Campaign""-Added the part ""Skirmish""-Added the part ""Multiplayer""-Added the title ""Criticism""-Reworked ""First turn advantage""-Reworked ""Maps aren't randomized itself, but how the ressources are distributed is.""-Reworked ""Insufficient Visibility for Victorycontions""-Reworked the last paragraph"
,Not Recommended,505640,33452567,Posted: 11 July,all,Rin D. Pryde,"I really like the style, concept and many aspects of this game. Can't reccomend it though due to some really questionable mechanics. In online PvP, of course, since it's very limited if you plan to play SP only.- Matches tend to drag a lot in the late game. You and your opponent often come to a stalemate, when neither of you can win or lose quickly. This leads to frustratingly boring exchange of units with nothing more to it, which feels more like a chore than intense confrontation. Late game needs A LOT of work to make it worthwhile.- Even worse, sometimes you can lose (or win) by pure luck. In the late game special heists are practically the only source of income, since every coin on the map has been burglared already. So these special heists give you much needed extra money, but they're one-time use and respawn after several turns. And this mechanic is just plain broken, since you can't predict when they will become available. Moreso, these resources spawn at the start of players turn, and this player can get them immediately with absolutely no way of stopping them. So in late game, when two opponents have no resources at all, there are often situations when one of them gets lucky and have these heists spawn for them 2 or 3 turns in a row, meaning instant win, while their opponent has actually NO means to do anything about it. No skill, pure luck.- Assassins need a nerf. They need to either become much more expensive, or toned down. For now they feel more like a legal cheat than balanced unit.I'm really sad since I had high hopes for this one looking for my fix of strategic PvP. Base of the game is fine, but it looks like there was little to none balance testing before the launch. Or it was limited to a very small number of people. Right now: not recommended."
,Recommended,505640,33460273,Posted: 11 July,all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/mEzD0QorMmoTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!You play as a thief who’s battling against rival thieves and gangs to claim victory by taking control of the city. You need your wits to scout out the area, and strategize your moves each turn. The single player campaign has a bit of a story, and the objectives on each map play into it.In every match you’ll need to build and manage an economy. The currencies you earn are gold and lanterns. Lanterns allow you to purchase bribes for victory points, as well as purchase upgrades in your guild house. Once you unlock various skills such as urchins or gangs, you can then use gold you’ve earned to recruit more goons to use. You are limited to how many of each type of goon you can have, and some of them are only able useable once, like the assassin.You will need to scout around the town with your master thief, and from there you can choose whether you want to blackmail the churches, burgal for jewels or gold, or fulfill assassination contracts to earn victory points. To win the game, you will need earn the required number of victory points before your opponent. You can also murder enemy gangs, and evict enemy urchins to seize control of their territory. There are sometimes mandatory objectives you’ll need to complete, while other times, the objectives are optional.There are different maps available, and there are random factors in each game when it comes to building and enemy spawn locations. The different buildings each give unique bonuses, and having access to one type of building might make you alter your playstyle for that game slightly until you’re able to scout more and create a more diverse economy. For example, someone with an orphanage might try to expand quicker to make use of having  cheaper urchins, while someone with a tavern who can make cheaper thugs might work on buffing up their gang more.As for the online multiplayer, there are two modes available. The first is a casual multiplayer mode. In this mode games can play out over several days, and you have as much time as you need to do each turn. In casual mode, players can choose to be notified by email when it’s their turn.The second multiplayer mode is a live mode. In this mode, both players are on a timer for each of their turns. Players need to think and act quickly to outwit their opponent. I do prefer the live games over the casual ones since I enjoy the faster style of gameplay, but I think the casual mode is great for keeping people coming back to the game. As for the time you are given, it feels like enough time to plan things out without it dragging on too much in between turns.Pros:fun, turn-based strategy gameplay with some economy managementgood faster-paced live multiplayer  that they can be completed in a single sitting (usually 30-45 minutes), instead of taking hours or even days like some other turn-based strategy gamesnice, slower-paced casual multiplayer where you can play 4 games simultaneouslyyou can set up custom rulesets to play skirmishes against the AI, or PvP in local multiplayerthe story for the main campaign is fine, and has a good narrativethe graphics are great - the maps are nice looking, and the fog of war is implemented well; the characters and their animations are good, as well as adorablethe voicing for the narrative is excellent, the soundtrack is superb, and the sound effects are all done wellgood replay value with the live, casual, and local multiplayer modesCons:(nitpick) no keybindings for the gameplay, or any form of mouse customization, and there is no controller support (all of the actions are done with only the mouse)(nitpick) hardcore veterans of turn-based strategy games may want more difficulty or complexityThe game took me about 4.5 hours on normal difficulty. Normal mode isn’t too difficult; I’m not super awesome at strategy, but I only had trouble on a couple levels. There were a few times where the AI did some predictable things, but overall I can’t really complain about the AI. Hard mode would probably be recommended for those who are decent with strategy games though. While I haven’t had any issues finding matches so far, the size of playerbase isn’t that large, so it might be harder to find live matches in off-peak hours.Conclusion:Overall, Antihero is a fun, and adorable turn-based strategy game. Whether you just want to play the single player campaign, practice against the AI, play locally, or delve into live or casual PvP, Antihero is a solid pick-up for those looking for an enjoyable turn-based game that isn't overly complex.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,505640,33442719,Posted: 10 July,all,Tech - TeemCashuel,"One of the types of game that is missing on Steam in a big way, is asynchronous multiplayer games. These are the games that you can play a turn, and then move on with your day, knowing that eventually your opponent will play theirs and you can come back to it later.Antihero is a perfect example of one of those kinds of games and it does a very good job of presenting a solid lobby system for matches. While the option exists to play a synchronous real time game as well, the asynchronousity is really where the game stands out.This is a solid strategy game, with enough options that you're planning out the future, but not enough to be overwhelming to strategy novices. A perfect entry game (if you're just starting into strategy), you'll be charmed by the well-done graphics, the theme, and the play.To put the finishing touch on the game, is a campaign that's long enough to show you how to do most  things, without sticking around too long and boring you. The game is designed as a multiplayer game, but you can tell that this campaign has been given a lot of love as well.If you want to just play the single player campaign, I'd say that there's still enough content at this price point to jump on the wagon. If you think you might dip your toe in the multiplayer scene as well, it's a no-brainer. Also, if you're looking for a multiplayer game with no toxicity, then this is it, because other than the actual gameplay, there is no interaction with the other people that you're playing with.Great game to chill out with... and the atmosphere is absolutely fantastic, held up by well-designed graphics, fantastic animations, and a sound effects board that goes with the game very well."
,Recommended,505640,33439300,Posted: 10 July,all,Kane,"Really fun little game. I like how cartoony and simple it looks, but how in-depth and tactical it actually is. On the technical note; I have found no bugs or technical issues (on my setup atleast) so far.Usually these type of games are really easy and you'll figure out what is going on within an hour, but even on normal it offers a good challange. Some really quality animations and sounds aswell. I found the 1 - 2 cartoon page storyline amusing.Well worth to have turn based strategy game.Kudo's for how well the tutorial was done."
,Not Recommended,505640,34361454,Posted: 19 August,all,Jovanis,"Campaign                      ★ ★ ☆ ☆ ☆  Seems more like an introduction rather than campaign.The hard mode though is very challenging.Multiplayer                     ★ ★ ☆ ☆ ☆  I have played a number of games. The machine needs to bepolished. You can't track a player's stats, when the opponentresigns, you can't see the map. There aren't so manyopponents available (especially for the live games)Plot                                 N/ARepetition                       ★ ★ ★ ☆ ☆ Your strategy varies from opponent to opponent and frommap to mapGameplay                       ★ ★ ★ ★ ☆  The AI is competitive enough. However, the game has fewmaps available.Interface                         ★ ★ ★ ★ ☆   Easy to understand the idea and control the units.Strategic Level               ★ ★ ★ ★ ☆   There is some strategy and sometimes you need to thinkabout your moves vcarefully. Your strategy depends on theresources you will have in the first 3-4 roundsGraphics/Sound             ★ ★ ★ ★ ☆   Sharp and playfullPrice                               ★ ★ ★ ☆ ☆   I wouldn't pay more for this game. Although i loved it, Itneeds to be polished."
,Not Recommended,505640,33525017,Posted: 13 July,all,Triggerhand,"Campaign is basic; only 10 levels, you can complete it on hard with ease. Not much depth to the game, all that's left is online and personally it gets boring quite fast. Not worth the $15 imo."
,Not Recommended,505640,33580386,Posted: 16 July,all,ddvlad,"This simply has too little content for the price.  As other reviews have mentioned, if this were to cost $5 it probably would be worth it."
76561198030744532,Not Recommended,505640,33476071,Posted: 12 July,all,Theoloc,"A good board game with some quality strategy!What I love the most is the multiple ways of fulfilling goals by thievery, assassination, quest objectives etc..However the game's campaign is rather short, it has only 4-5 different boards and the multiplayer version of it takes quite...long.Most of the time, given that the players are of the same lever the game would result in a stand-off, as each player hits on their opponent undoing their work.While it sounds fun and competitive it can be really uninspiring.Last but not least, the AI is quite easy to beat (haven't tried hard difficulty yet)Is it good? Yes?Overpriced? Sadly yes.."
76561198065978902,Recommended,505640,34047437,Posted: 5 August,all,FoxPaws,"This is a digital board game. I think the price of $15 USD is a great price, since physical board games are regularly $50, but this saves you from all the set-up and clean-up of a physical board game. The campgain has 11 stages, I think two of which are showing you how to play. I enjoyed the campaign a lot. The light story was fun and had me interested in the avatars/characters.I like to play multiplayer casual, which allows you to walk away after your turn and come back to it later. It's nice to do my turns before work and then come back to them at the end of the day.If you like board games but can't get people together to play one at your house, then this is perfect for you. It was for me."
76561198144430156,Recommended,505640,33450150,Posted: 11 July,all,JohnnyMontana79,Im a noob to board games I have pretty much only ever played a bit of armello which i really liked but i found the turns were a bit too long.I think this game has not been marketed very strongly as not a lot of people seem to know about it and since its mainly geared towards multiplayer im putting up a very early first impression to help get as many people on board as possible as this type of game lives of dies based on its playerbase. So far there are a few hundred playing which is good but i think more people need to know about this game.For me the game seems really fun and im enjoying it so far the art style is great and it seems to have depth and interesting gameplay. I dont know enough about boardgames to know how truly good this is but for a casual like myself it seems great and i hope to see it grow and get the attention it deserves.
76561198063878961,Recommended,505640,33697167,Posted: 21 July,all,ExactChaos,"Antihero is a great little turn-based tactical strategy game where you manage various unsavoury character in a thieve's guild to take over city districts before your rivals can do the same. At first it seems simple but it gets very complex and challenging very quickly, and it is tonnes of fun.Highly recommended if you like turn-based tactical games or boardgames.Full Review:https://youtu.be/FXUDtIpEfSQCheck out some gameplay footage:https://youtu.be/cogwZAnMVMM"
,Not Recommended,505640,33903574,Posted: 30 July,all,vidya,"At first, this game may seem enjoyable and the art style is nice. Playing on normal difficulty where the AI uses questionable strategies, you'll enjoy it for a few hours.However - against hard difficulty AI or any competent player, the game becomes a long and grating war of attrition. This is not fun at all. To add to that, there is an element of RNG involved - if one of the players spawns near better resources, that player is clearly going to have an advantage.So in all, the game doesn't have much replay value once you've completed the story. It works much better as a short, single player game instead of a long, grindy multiplayer where both players come to a stalemate after gathering the map's resources."
,Not Recommended,505640,33468651,Posted: 11 July,all,DDragon,"I loved the style, but I do not recommend this game, my biggest experience was in single player,Devs of this game was not able to make enough smart AI, so they just give much advantage to the computerIt's ridiculous and I do not have fun playing against AI, they're a dummy, I prefer games that I can have a ""fair"" fight"
,Not Recommended,505640,33446611,Posted: 10 July,all,N e r f A k i r a,"a cute idea... but overall the mechanics just... sucks in regards to multiplayer. its either too shallow or in certain situations where a player pushes aggression early on super tiny maps, a complete awful chore to play.the system overly favors the aggressor and makes this sort of absurd cat and mouse situation in a ton of games where whoever snipes the other thugs creates this massive trading process. theres not really a method for dodging this because of the way its setup, if you attempt to ignore the opponents agression, they can easily walk right into one of your buildings, evict your units and then setup shop. this was an issue on the earlier ich.io version too... and its not really fixed...i dunno, its a mixed bag, this sort of dominate strategy that sees infinite trade wars favoring whoever makes the first move due to the inability to train multiple thugs early causes so many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ issues its not funny.i'd avoid personally, it wasn't worth the rebuy(for me specifically, and generally not worth the buy for most people) from my perspective and honestly i dont see anything here that really warrants the $15 price tag. there are better board game type games for a similar price with... more well thoughtout styles of play.it reeks of a lack of play testing from a pvp standpoint, and as someone who owns way way too many boardgames, this is just unacceptable. this definitely feels like THAT GAME in your collection that you pickup thinking it would be really fun, play it once or twice, and never pick it back up because quite frankly theres nothing note worthy about the game, its just okay.its just... too simple to be fun, and the short campaign forces you into online multiplayer fast to get your moneys worth and thats... i mean theres just not enough here to keep it going, and some of the current mechanics of small maps with close spawns creates a massive problem for actually trying a tactic beyond try to zerg down your opponent in infinte trade wars favoring your side.if i had to give a major reason for not recommending this game though, i'd have to say that its just not really for ANYONE. if you are into complex boardgames with tons of thoughts, this is too simplistic to really get that out of. if you are into casual games, the 1v1 cutthroat nature isn't really going to sit well. and if you god forbid want the game for single player purposes, you aren't really going to get anything out of that either, and its rather short and the first few missions hardly even count as gameplay as they often end before really interacting with your opponent in a meaningful way.beyond that this is much of the same game seen earlier. its shallow, repetitive and is sorta a halfbaked indie darling. at the end of the day the praise this game sees is much to do with its art style and theme, and less so to do with its gameplay, which is... not great. do yourself a favor and pickup one of the other numerous boardgame style games on steam, or simply buy a better 1v1 board game like battlecon or twilight struggle."
76561198038785130,Recommended,505640,33709756,Posted: 21 July,all,Noytron,"I have enjoyed this game for the majority of the time i played it. Which implies it is not perfect.I started this game up after watching a bit of gameplay and finding the art style quite nice which is very personal preference regarding art style.Like many others i decided to play the campaign first which does a good job of showing you the ropes and providing 10 varied levels but none of them (aside from lvl 6 which was a pain) gave me a huge challenge even though i played on hard difficulty.But the meat of the game is not the campaign despite telling a nice little story. The meat of the game is the multiplayer which is a very different experience from the single player.So what makes the meat of the game worth your money?- The different maps you have seen throughout the campaign make each map feel unique.- The very varied strategies people use online compared to offline means you have to adapt to the situation you are given every single game.-  Online also has 2 ways for you to play1. Active game which essentially is the normal way to play the game2. play by email which means every time you have done your turn you can exit the match and come back a day later if you want assuming your opponent has taken his turn by then.- Randomized location for every special building in each map so even if you get the same map twice, it won't have the exact same special buildings in the exact same spot.- Almost chess like strategy which means you will learn to think multiple moves aheadSo overall, i enjoy the game and the devs seem to be eager to improve on the game to add features and balance the game which is greatly appreciated.Pros:- Solid multiplayer with ongoing balance changes and features planned to be added- Art style (very personal)- Story- Variation in levels- Campaign has easy, normal and hard difficulty- Fitting soundtrack (may seem weird but to me this is important)Cons:- Campaign is more of a story / tutorial than a challenge to keep you busy for hours- Balance issues- Uncertain but i believe there are only 5 maps in the multiplayer and i have had multiple games in a row end up on the exact same map.- Some animations are very long."
,Recommended,505640,35070748,Posted: 19 September,all,Psychosocial,"Pretty great game, awsome theme and aesthetic. The game itself is easy to get into and once you master the mechanics its fairly simple to beat the AI on hard. It truly shines in the multiplayer, especially if you have a friend to play with, but if not the queue for matchmaking is usually fairly short. There are some elements of RNG involved, and you certainly can get screwed from time to time, but its not as bad as many other board games and a game never feels unsalvageable. For its price its a great value proposition, especially if you get it on a sale.Recommended if you like boardgames!"
76561198004646918,Recommended,505640,34102439,Posted: 8 August,all,Darlock,"One word - awesome.Let's start with things that I didn't like:Campaing seems to be short. I am almost done with it, and it only took a few hours on normal.There is quite a lot of handholding in the beginning. In first two-three missions - many of your moves will be predetirmend. Not my favorite way of learning, to be honest.Okay, that was a short list.Now things I do like:Art style - chraming an hilarious.Depth that comes with multiple playstyles, objectives, and, ultimately - human opponents.Awesome selection of multiplayer modes - hotseat, asycnchronous and synchronous online modes. Love it.Making house rules - genious. If you feel like game is poorly balanced - you have tools to make it how you think it should be. You can tweak a lot of things related to  victory points and prices. This is generally is such a great and rare thing to see - despite that I don't think I would change anything. Maybe I will experiment with reduction of price on Thugs and increase in price of Bands, but game is enjoyable as it is.Dynamic gameplay - I am no game designer, but it seems that many mecahnics (increasing price on multiple units, upgrades, high cost of thugs) were made in a way that facilitates easier catch-ups and combacks, which is great for a multiplayer game. Overall, it seems that game is balanced in a way that favors not establishing dominance and gaining more and more agvantage over your opponent, but in a way that favors leveraging advantages you have at the moment into earning victory points.In conclusion - try this game. It is great."
76561198005720127,Recommended,505640,33444689,Posted: 10 July,all,darkR4V3N,"An interesting turn-based digital board game with a really nice aesthetic. You play as a leader of a thieves' guild, hiring street urchins, gangs and thugs, and even assassins to explore, burgle and take over the Victorian themed city.Pros:+Campaign - although not very long there is a story-driven campaign to help you learn the game. The story is not particularly ground breaking but the various scenarios you face on each map provide interesting venues to explore your strategies. On one map part of your victory conditions is to eliminate three gangs a la Gangs of New York. On another you will be trying to infiltrate and protect a ship carrying precious cargo, in order to have your urchins carry the goods back to your hideout.+AI - the AI seems to be pretty decent, pursuing victory conditions and trying to double cross you whenever possible. You need to play efficiently and agressively pursue the victory conditions yourself if you want to stand a chance.+Local and Online Multiplayer - you can play against humain opponents both online and via Hot Seat, with customizable rulesets.Replayability - while the maps seem to be premade layouts the districts containing building are randomized each game. This means even if you are playing the same map twice you will find buildings and enemies in different places each time (this includes the campaign missions). THere are also 3 upgrade trees, allowing for different approach.Aesthetics - the map and characters are nicely drawn and animated. There are clear inspirations from other media, like the criminal gang being lead by a character resembling Daniel Day-Lewis' from Gangs of New York, or the assassin looking similar to Evie Frye from Assasin's Creed: Syndicate.Neutral:+/-Music - the soundtrack fits the setting and does an OK jub, but is otherwise unremarkable. I expect most people would get bored by it sonner than later and would switch to something else.+/-Game modes - currently it seems the only game mode is 1v1. It is designed very well for this mode and it's difficult to say whether other ones would be equally enjoyable. If you are however looking for a game with groups of friends there is currently no mode for that.Cons:-UI While mostly clear and understandable there are some minor issues. Since the map is being viewed in an isometric view, including the characters I've had several moments where it was difficult to select the character/building I wanted to interact with. I would also appreciate it if it showed what the effects of interacting with buildings are while hovering over them. Some of the icons are also a bit larger than necessary.Summary: A pretty solid board game that is fun in its current state, with some minor issues that could get ironed out and good base for future expansion. Definitely recommended if you are a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,505640,33447753,Posted: 10 July,all,SauLazy,"10/10If you're tired of the same old boring strategy games with the same old mechanics that we're all used to, give this game a try!It's so intense and once you get the hang of it you really can't tell who's going to win unless you strategically plan your way to victory and even if you're losing, at any stage of the match... you can comeback in many different ways."
76561198004229402,Recommended,505640,33447822,Posted: 10 July,all,Scornozzles,"Fun turn-based game which you can easily lose track of time when playing because it is so much fun and very addicting. The game does a wonderful job in their tutorial when played in campaign mode. The music is pleasant and the art style is fun which makes the game even more enjoyable. As for the gameplay, it may seem easy but definitely requires strategic planning if you would want to beat your opponents.I highly recommend the game. I look forward to more maps/content in compaign and multiplayer mode."
,Recommended,505640,33449056,Posted: 10 July,all,Smakx,"Wow. A turn based strategy game with simple mechanics yet surprising tactical depth. Add to this the cool stylized graphics, great soundtrack, and variety of pass and play, asynch and live multiplayer. The game also rund well on my intel atom based win 10 tablet which is well below the game's stated minimum specs. A winner all around, just buy it you won't regret it."
,Recommended,505640,33456994,Posted: 11 July,all,Keyvias,"A solid experience so far. First hour has been an enjoyable dabble in discovering techniques and tactics.New maps vary up the average match and force slightly different styles.Games have been pretty quick for me lasting 10-15 turns, but I focus very heavily on tech which seems to give me an advantage. Haven't looked into a rush down strat yet, but still feels like there's a lot to dig into even while understanding all of the pieces in the game.A big thumbs up currently.Cheap, enjoyable, and deep."
,Not Recommended,505640,33466279,Posted: 11 July,all,Sly Fly,"Not in a current state.Not for a current price.White Rabbit states:Antihero went through an extreeeemely extended playtesting period -- several years, in fact.Or, as Myl_Erik states:however we have had 4 months of playtesting with over 500 players to figure out the balance and tweak it.Both are developers and I have no idea how they can, in right mind, brag about playtesting while at the same time readily admitting quality of life and balance issues with a game. And, oh boy, and are there issues.A bit more detail:-Soundtrack is just kinda is there. It is not horrible, it is not great. It just exists and I found that ""barely audible"" volume for it is most fitting setting.-While most of the game is determenistic, where basicly anything is predictable - there is also some wild and untamed RNG there that can and will hurt you. Neutral mob and assassination targets are somewhat managable, but the game also uses RNG when drawing the map and if you have no natural income sources near you - sucks to be you. But on other hand, you can have two districts with situational high income. Or a little bit of lanterns, because type of loot and when it is available is RNG based too.-Minor-to-medium quality life issues.-Severe lack of singleplayer content.-Frankly, quite shallow gameplay.It is a neat idea, but, even if working properly, this execution is barely worth 2/3 of current price.Also, yes it is a 1v1 virtual board game. Even if developers avoid mentioning it anywhere."
,Recommended,505640,35374789,Posted: 1 October,all,Hardfoil,"Not a bad way to pass a few hours. Gets a little old after the first five.Some animations take too long or can't be skipped, some mechanics aren't well-described. Some of the units are consumable and there's no clear opening strategy or even a good tutorial beyond the simple explanation of the game/story mode. Leaders are purely cosmetic and have no difference in function, a fact that is not immediately apparent. Soundtrack isn't bad, but it gets repetitive. Games can last for a full hour if you don't know what you're doing.Although it might seem like I'm unhappy with my purchase, I'm not. Good game, just needs adjusting."
,Recommended,505640,35435759,Posted: 2 October,all,∞ P O Y ii N G 5 5 ∞,"I am a very big fan of boardgames in real life and was wonderfully surprised once I read and saw videos about this game.A fantastic online boardgame that is quite easy to learn and has enough depth to be competitive, low player counts should not scare you away from this game as the amazing one turn asymmetrical multiplayer helps players connect and continue games through days and even weeks.If this game ever goes on a sale then definitely buy it."
,Recommended,505640,35359331,Posted: 30 September,all,Thomas M.,Antihero is a very nice game and it is quite addictive because it is not just a typical strategy game. I will definitely recommend this game to my friends.
76561198010984936,Recommended,505640,33445565,Posted: 10 July,all,nen,"well, it's 3 am here and I should probably go to sleep but am still playing the game.really fun gameplay, many interesting and meaningful decisions to make."
76561198041938881,Recommended,505640,33620054,Posted: 17 July,all,deathbunny600,An incredibly fun strategy game that does not disappoint.If you like civilization but you don't want to play such a long game. I highly recommend this game.9.5/10Minus points for lacking a developed stat system for online play.
76561198120894618,Recommended,505640,34779570,Posted: 6 September,all,rtopol2,"Solid, great looking game, but I wish there was more.Still, it's pretty fun and original."
,Recommended,505640,33448102,Posted: 10 July,all,indigo,good game
,Recommended,505640,33638697,Posted: 18 July,all,Dediop,"This game is a good way to spend an afternoon when you're looking for a challenge without frustration.The game has many aspects that make it seem simple at first, but more complex as you learn the game. With one of the best features being that there are many different ways to choose how to play without feeling forced to do something.I'm looking forward to the future of this game, because there is also a lot of potential for DLC. They could add new content easily and it would fit perfectly into this already polished game.Though I will warn, if you do not play through the campaign, you will find yourself lost when playing online. And the game isn't meant for long sessions of play, as the content is still rather thin when compared to other games.Overall a great game with a lot of potential!"
,Recommended,505640,33634923,Posted: 18 July,all,Trenos,"I've only played a couple hours, and only single player Campaign mode.ProsGraphics are well done.  Enjoy the character they've put into the characters and mapsThe Campaign mode has enough diversity between stages to keep me engagedEach stage feels satisfying, and I never felt it was ""I've already won, I just have to grind for 5 more turns.""Good price point for a nice casual gameOffline works fineConsThe skill trees are relatively diverse, but I sometimes question if there's any real benefit or consequence to picking X vs Y first.Overall, happy with the spend and eager to get more time to play."
76561198025044517,Recommended,505640,33472191,Posted: 11 July,all,Spilled Pixels,"I'm really enjoying my time with this game. The art style is unique and suits the atmosphere and world that the game takes place in and the sound design compliments the atmosphere perfectly. The campaign, while not story heavy, sets up a nice context in addition to a charming and fun world which supports the mechanics used in the singleplayer and multiplayer. The gameplay is enjoyable and challenging, definitely setting the game up to be a thinking mans game.There tends to be a slower pace to the game at the start of matches and sometimes nearing the end of particularly long ones where the players have made similar progress and get stuck racking up resources and trading units. However personally these slower moments raise the tension because you know that at any moment, your opponent could have an upper hand which they've been building towards for 10 rounds and you have to find a way to outsmart them and block them at every turn while simultaneously attempting to move forward yourself.Also I'm hoping there will be more maps in the future, because the ones that are available currently are unique and have their own spins of the game and victory points and it would be nice to see more. Furthermore, I wish that the different player skins offered some sort of unique bonus which enhances a specific playstyle, it's a little disappointing that all they offer are visual variations to your avatar.However regardless of it's flaws, I would definitely recommend this game if you enjoy board games and/or strategy games. Or if you enjoy using orphans as a unit.8/10"
76561197960389262,Recommended,505640,33480542,Posted: 12 July,all,Slin,Fun game. A turn based simple 1v1 multiplayer game. Not that much depth but well worth the price.
76561198012983330,Recommended,505640,33461363,Posted: 11 July,all,Zajc,"I LOVE THIS GAME!Finally something fresh in my library that had it all. Tuned, easy to learn mechanics. This game is a multiplayer style board game. You run a thieves guild vs opponents and try to take board control using a number of interesting unlocks.The art style is similar to Don't Starve which I always loved that style.The single player game is a lot of fun and there are serveral map variants in place to make the game not get repetitive (like freaking Armello..god. They could learn a thing or two from this developer).So far I'm having a lot of fun and I've already gotten my value out of it. Pick it up if you want a fun, screw your friends, kind of board game experience"
76561198053706354,Recommended,505640,33485296,Posted: 12 July,all,Snow,"Great game to play. Challenging at times but a lot of fun non the less.+ Great artwork+ Nice music+ Interesting story+ Fun characters to use+ Challenging at timesThe game is all about strategy. I have only played the campaign so far but I'm having a lot of fun. There is a problem with 1 level, but the devs are going to look at it and tweak it were necesarry. The level is NOT BROKEN but just slightly to difficult on normal and hard.Really looking forward to future expensions. Would love to see more story or the ability to choose different master thiefs while playing a story campaign.Just try it. If you don't like it you can always refund it. You can also watch playthroughs on Youtube. You will not be disapointed!"
,Recommended,505640,34049013,Posted: 5 August,all,motleywizard,This game has some ineteresting layers to the strategies you need to use to win. It's got a fun theme and a nice quick campaign that teaches you how to play and learn it's systems. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,505640,34064644,Posted: 6 August,all,Mario,Lots of charm.  Delightful.
76561198038071060,Recommended,505640,33486530,Posted: 12 July,all,Django03,"Simple enough to be played by a grade schooler, yet complex enough to leave you with that one more turn itch. excellent title thus far."
76561198031701505,Recommended,505640,33617660,Posted: 17 July,all,jbatbaron,"trying to finish the campaign in hard mode, finally managed, cuz mission 3 took me FOREVER.Well just spam assassins, rush diamond then money and Gashford creates no other gang to replace brown.'Part from that, it made me realize this game is half baked, and i payed too much for it.It certainly is VERY entertaining an visually cool, but it needs lots more, maybe refining the AI a bit, content for campaign that should be twice as much, and as mentionned already before, some fix for multiplayer late game ending in stalemates.I'll be waiting :) Hope the devs keep surfing even if the wave of trendiness is already around."
76561198009926281,Recommended,505640,33483018,Posted: 12 July,all,beamm0077,"To keep it short for this game, It is the strategy game (turn-based) that you play as a leader of the thieves' guild, which you have to think and plan what to do, to kill , to steal each turn to make your way to the victory.Pros:Great and interest strategy game.Easy to understand and have great dept strategies in competitive play (you have to think and plan to go for economy, expand your view, upgrade your skills or simply rush for the win).That cartoon art style though :DThere will be more update for this game.Cons:The game tend to be much slower in late game. (the balance in late game is not that good as all the resource and paths are discover -> It will become staring challenge between you and your opponent  because both player have no resources to do anything, [the big heist help a little, but still not enough to make game flow properly].There is no comeback system or some thing to keep the game exciting after turn 15 (The match rely too much on early game progression (turn 1-10))The single player story is far too short (around 5-6 hours if you are not that bad).Lastly, My personal opinion -- >BUY IT!If you want theGood Strategy Gameto play with your friends."
76561198044236928,Recommended,505640,33491245,Posted: 12 July,all,Jum Jum,"This is a silly, light hearted review i did on Antihero. Hope you like it! :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOT3PekVg44"
,Recommended,505640,33752268,Posted: 23 July,all,nazarkovn,"I really enjoyed playing the campaign, it wasn't all that story driven but had just enough story to give some background on the characters and i'd say that it gives enough even if it isn't much.I have had limited experience with the multiplayer gameplay wise but the servers are good and no crashes whatsoever!Overall i would recomend this game to evryone but would reccomed waiting for a sale or something."
76561198000402623,Not Recommended,505640,33643426,Posted: 18 July,all,Zombiecat,"Strip away the victorian setting, the thieves theme, all you have is a very shallow and watered-down board game of resource management. It's a race to fulfill certain resource requirements, while bumbling your way around a map filled with fog of wall where progression is mostly hit-or-miss."
,Not Recommended,505640,33603107,Posted: 17 July,all,dogXdogsupremacyxdog,"STEAMCHART 13 PLAYER 24 HOUR PEAK...RIP SHOULDA BEEN OPEN TO FEEDBACKThis is a 1v1 ""competitive"" board game. With no real online community to play with. As of now only about 10% of players who played the game have won an online match only 1% stuck around long enough to win 10.The strategy and gameplay lack any real depth. Its a very simple game and one that is not balanced or adjusted for competitive play. The biggest problem is this game has very few options for ""strategies"" and even fewer instances of weighing pros and cons and making decisions.It seems like ""rank"" is just flat wins so 10W 100L is the same same as 10W 0LThe only guide on the game reads regarding one of the limited maps in the matchmaking pool:""The first guard should spawn on the first players second turn. Giving them the gang advantage and the ability to bully from the start, because of the close proximity of the guilds. First turn player also has the benefit of spawning and naturally scouting tiles that gives access to 2-3 blocks without going out of their way. ""Here we see just one of the many examples of bizarre game design decisions for a competive 1v1 board game.To start you should balance the maps, in a stalemate dont let random event decide the winner, rank needs to be + for wins - for losses not just how many wins.Balance random maps like having some special buildings not start right next to either player but instead tend toward the neutral zone.You need to think hard and come up with a way to make the game fun to play. The cascade of who gets the first slay that sorta just keeps playing out in an endless exchange is anathema to fun. A stop gap fix is to reduce animation time and then look at fundemental design choices and see what you can do.Another option would be to up the number of players and pitch it less as a competitive game and more as a party and political board game. Id still shorten animations if you went this route and fix the endgame but it could be a quick way to solve many of the other issues the game has."
,Recommended,505640,33497295,Posted: 13 July,all,Red Steel,An addicting game. It offers an online mode which you take turns with the other person. In Casual or Live They email you once its your turn. The game is really easy to learn. I spent most of my time playing online in first few minutes I bought it.You can play several games at once than make a move once your rival has made a move. You are then allowed to take another turn. In Live Match you can both play online at the same time without taking a break. It offers both casual and harder mode. The cartoon graphics are polished.The game is really easy to get lost into it. I'll know more the longer I play it.So far a great game.
,Recommended,505640,33527706,Posted: 13 July,all,VG Purist,"Let me start out by saying that overall I like this game.  I love the artwork.  The gameplay is easy to understand yet wonderfully well made.However, there isn't enough diversity. There isn't enough content for single player.  Leveling up only matters in which order you do it in depending on what is happening on the board.This game was clearly made with multiplayer in mind and so the single player mode suffers heavily for it.  Certainly in a multiplayer game mode, everything being equal means that it will lead to a wonderful skirmish once the two sides meet.https://youtu.be/THQpUHL7oBkA guarded recommendation - this game is still good enough to purchase at a discount.  If you're not in it to play for multiplayer, then you'll finish the game easily within a few hours and move on."
,Recommended,505640,33890879,Posted: 29 July,all,Człowiek Cień,"Antihero is a realy good game.i have a lot of fun playing it. The desine is realy nice and give a goodilustration of those times.Turns in multiplayer are not to long.There is an option for 2 players on one computer, this is good whenyour friend commr ;).You can experiment with the game with the mode Skirmish.The only bad think for me is the size of the maps,because if the enemy goes the agressive tactic he can relly quick gets to youand take all your buildings and then you can't spawn units, take buildings... you can only move your character.So if all maps would have the size of the map with towers, the agressive tactic would not eresed but would be lees overpower."
76561198019295601,Recommended,505640,33917727,Posted: 30 July,all,ZombieKilla,very good game. multiplayer can be a bit random for my taste sometimes but that is a minor gripe on an otherwise awesome game
76561198091002816,Recommended,505640,33445957,Posted: 10 July,all,Bardley Cooper,"Antihero is good.I prefer to tell you what I think before I tell you why. Theres a reason this game got nominated for so many awards and that reason is solid gameplay and wonderful art and music. The story isn't important because it isn't important. If you're looking for a dark victorian thief game, play Thief. This game's story is just a theme for a fun (tabletop) game.The art style is really interesting. It's not as 'gritty' as Don't Starve but Antihero's art immediately reminded me of it. The style allowed me to care about the characters and really emphasized their personalities. All the tropes are here. The bored rich girl, the edgy thief, and the thief girl all make an appearance. The presentation helps me forget the tropes because i'm too busy looking at how pretty it is. The music is nice sometimes. During cutscenes the building music just gets slightly annoying but that's the only problem I have with it. The art is half the game but the other half is the gameplay.Antihero exists because Civ 5 and being a♥♥♥♥♥♥is fun. The game takes place on a little game board. You have street tiles and building tiles. On every map theres a couple districts that you can steal from. At the beginning of the game only the thieves guild and the street in front of it is explored. The main character can use their moves to explore streets or buildings. When you steal from a building in a hidden district the district building is revealed. The district buildings can give you special buffs or collect resources after you steal from them. To get these buffs and resources you need to send street urchins to infiltrate the building. Along with street urchins you can also build gangs, thugs, assassins, and other units to control as much of the map as you can while denying resources to enemies. There are two resources. Money and Lamps. Lamps are used to buy upgrades to get new units and abilities. Money is used to buy units. There are several assassination targets around the map as well. Along with their little guard guys they make up the npc faction in the game. If you kill any of the targets you get a victory point. You can also get blackmail points from certain buildings and you can buy bribes with lamps. If you get all the victory points before your opponent, you win. There are a couple game modes with different rulesets but thats the basic gist. The ai is pretty smart and is able to deny you resources and collect resources pretty well. It also thinks a couple steps ahead and tries to predict your moves. The ai faction with the assassination targets is pretty smart as well. As far as I can see they try to troll you by blocking passages and teleporting the target around. This is either a smart ai or i'm just unlucky. As for multiplayer capabilities you have a local hotseat and two online multiplayer modes. Asynchronous multiplayer and a live match. The hotseat mode isn't all that great. Since my friend could see what I was doing he didn't have to scout me to check. It was like stream ghosting but without the stream. The game is pretty fun for a couple of hours and definitely worth 15 bucks. The depth is a bit of an issue though since theres not that many units and upgrades. But im sure in high level play it's all about the mindgames instead of all about the units. The game seemed to miss that ""one more turn"" effect that Civ games have because the games are too short. This made me get kinda worn out after a couple levels because I got bored of setting up the same starting base over and over again.Pros:+ Fun gameplay+ Beautiful art+ Interesting Characters+ Easy to learnCons:- Music isn't all that good- Hotseat doesnt work for this game- Kind of RepetitiveI give it a good old 3/5"
,Recommended,505640,33978307,Posted: 2 August,all,Kitsunemitsu+,Interesting Strategy game.Unique premise.Recommended
76561197997941900,Recommended,505640,34554358,Posted: 28 August,all,xxx RIP xxx,A one of its kind game. U get to recruit gangs and thugs to hammer others and send in ur urchins to occupy the buildings. It is like underworld gang mafia style board game. Only downside is too few maps. But all in all still a recommended game to buy. Hope developers will add more maps in the future.
,Recommended,505640,33485964,Posted: 12 July,all,dazgupta,"This is a pretty good game, thoroughly enoying it. It's a board game gone digital somewhat."
76561198008364656,Recommended,505640,33965209,Posted: 1 August,all,des010,"This game is awesome,If you ever grew up playing board games check this game out,"
76561198002795727,Recommended,505640,33490101,Posted: 12 July,all,Dumptruck,Great Humor. Fun Game. Worth 15 bucks.
,Recommended,505640,33591984,Posted: 16 July,all,typemakeR,"The game really resembles a board game in it's mechanics.The Campaign itself can be finished in 4 hours easily and is quite nice, but rather simplistic in it's story.If you want it purely for singleplayer I would say there are games out there with more value for that price (€ 15,-).If you enjoy board games in general and the theme of this game in particular it shines though.Great entertainment and well worth the asking price if you are going to play it's online multiplayer.There is matchmaking, so no manual server select is necessary."
76561197999206811,Recommended,505640,33588290,Posted: 16 July,all,Batpoop.cat,"The game is very unique, fun and refreshingreally liked the theme and the story but it`s too short :(overall i would recommend the game, worth the 15$!plus the devs are very involved with technichal problems, got a response almost instantly and they helped me resolve the issue."
76561198001072155,Recommended,505640,33898256,Posted: 29 July,all,Adeon Hawkwood,"If you like board games with a strong focus on action/resource management then you'll probably like Antihero because at it's core that's what it is. While this is a video game in reality it's much closer to a board game than a more traditional turn based strategy game.My only real complaint is that the single player isn't great. The compaign is mostly a glorified tutorial which is fine but the AI in the skirmish mode isn't great, even on the hardest setting you can beat it pretty easily with a little practice.The upside is that there's a good multi-player mode including a casual mode that is basically play-by-email to allow for more extended play."
76561198025016481,Recommended,505640,33483876,Posted: 12 July,all,ian.j.sherman,"I'm in the airport right now, trying to find an outlet so I can play more Antihero on my flight.It's super easy to get into, difficulty ramps well, and I quickly rediscovered the ""one more turn"" feeling I remember from growing up playing Civilization.I'm admittedly a casual gamer these days, and I've only been in campaign mode so far, but I've been having a great time.Seems like it will translate seamlessly to mobile."
,Recommended,505640,35090040,Posted: 20 September,all,Mel,Cute.
76561198002517043,Recommended,505640,33536651,Posted: 14 July,all,oO,"TL; DR: Nice turn- based digital board game with fitting art style; 7.0 / 10Singleplayer:If you buy it for SP you might want to wait on a sale, as I do not think it is worth the price atm. (it serves as tutorial)Multiplayer:MP can be fun with friends, but seems quite repetetive and in the long run, uninteresting to me. Has leaderboards.FFA and 2v2 planned for the future.Wait on steam christmas sale. It will be cheaper and more content rich by then.To give you an overview:This game is basically a singleplayer / multiplayer turn- based board game with fog of war.The graphics are charming, the art style consistent and sound and music fit the theme nicely. It supports 21:9,  though the UI does not make use of it much and some people complain about resolution proplems. Devs are looking into that atm of this review.If you play on multiple devices, be aware that the game has no cloud save. Your save files are hidden well in %appdata% under ""com.timconkling.aciv""Single Player:The single player campaign is an extended tutorial across 10 levels that tells a side story that you will not be able to remember in a week from now.When you start the game, it seems that it has lots of depth and choices, but after 2 hours you have basically seen almost all the game has to offer.Campaign is fun, but nothing breath taking. You need to be aware of your early game choices so you do not fall behind and from there build on your strategy.For me, there are not a lot of winning conditions, as most of your choices are quite connected: establish a well rounded economy and play aggressive. That's it.Multiplayer:You can play games asynchronous, like in Frozen Synapse, where you do a turn and then your enemy does his, when he has time. You can receive a notification in order to see that your turn is up, which is nice. Or you play in a real time environment, where you have to watch your enemies moves, which I guess, might be a little tiresome after a while.I can see this game as a substitute for playing board games with friends, when you all live apart. Or maybe you enjoy competing on leaderboards. Given the simple nature of the game and its indie origin, I doubt that many people will compete, though.2v2 and FFA game modes are planned for the future, as well as new maps.I can see the game get quite repetetive in the long run.Conclusion:Wether or not this game is a recommendation for you, depends on how much you enjoy the multiplayer part. I will give it a recommendation, as I can see that the devs put a lot of love into it, but I would wait for a sale. Right now I would say, this game is above average but still not great.Hope this helped you to have an overview."
76561198052548415,Recommended,505640,33532948,Posted: 14 July,all,Disglin,"Antihero is a really good game.I only played the Single-Player, because I don't like playing such games against other players I don't know.But the campaign is pretty fun!The maps are made with a lot of love and the characters have a lot of details.Every character looks different and has its own style.All in all I would give the game 7/10, as the campaign is very short."
76561198194266231,Recommended,505640,33442069,Posted: 10 July,all,Venum,This game is brilliant. Very fun to play i love evreything about the game so far. Can't wait to fi ish the campain and play online. One thing i would love for the developers to do is make a mobile version on google store so i can play at work.
76561198037478953,Recommended,505640,33466644,Posted: 11 July,all,Hematite12,This game is awesome
,Recommended,505640,33588713,Posted: 16 July,all,There can only be one tim,"It felt abit short, but overall it is a fun game."
76561198048135142,Recommended,505640,34448022,Posted: 23 August,all,TheGodPharaoh,This is such an addictive game!!! simple game mechanics that are easy to learn. I haven't tried online or skrimmish yet though.
76561198255387141,Recommended,505640,33571828,Posted: 15 July,all,clothtunics,"I really liked this game! It's not the sort of game that I'd typically play, but after watching an LP series on youtube for it, I was hooked.The normal difficulty level is just right for me. I'm not the best at strategy & I have lost a few matches, but I am pretty comfortable with this game. I love how adaptive the gameplay is!Art and Graphics are very nice. The steampunky Victorian style and setting is also pretty cool.The single-player campaign is a bit short at the moment, but it is interesting and well-written. I hope the devs add onto this in the future. The game is still very much worth the $15 regardless."
,Recommended,505640,33634358,Posted: 18 July,all,AstroM29,I like this game
,Recommended,505640,33650774,Posted: 19 July,all,kickababy,Kinda short. But a fun strategy game nonetheless.
76561198113592850,Recommended,505640,33678326,Posted: 20 July,all,ducastefan1978,"wow. nicely done. the art, gameplay and atmospherea genre not quite explored i would sayi totally recommend it!"
,Recommended,505640,33756995,Posted: 23 July,all,Vladkins,"8/10 fun, short, quirky indie turn based strategy/board -lite game++ Art is stellar and quite different++ Game mechanics come naturally and the tutorials introduce mechanics well++ Very fun to play, game style makes you smile+ Characters are unique and memorable+ The 10 mission map (+Tutorial) is varied with each mission having new mechanics/victory conditions+ Could be fun from a multiplayer POV/additional replay value- Very short game (~6.5 hours on normal)- Novelty stops towards the end which shows limitation of assets"
,Recommended,505640,33575624,Posted: 15 July,all,Tactrix,"Very fun game with a dedicated team behind it, I see great things coming from this game."
,Recommended,505640,33596279,Posted: 16 July,all,ericsoco,Great atmosphere and clever gameplay. Looking forward to the board game version :)
,Recommended,505640,33574591,Posted: 15 July,all,Oatvin,Fun one.
76561197983301475,Recommended,505640,34223440,Posted: 13 August,all,RabidUrko,Great artwork and game design with characters that ooze attention to detail and have their own personalities.Good learning curve especially if you use skirmish against AI to learn the ropes i found.Loads of fun.
76561197990505519,Recommended,505640,34809299,Posted: 8 September,all,AidsBolaPoxFlu,Decent board game. I have lost a lot.
76561198392232053,Recommended,505640,33534786,Posted: 14 July,all,zmarkovits,"I. LOVE. THIS. GAME. I started playing, thinking I'd spend 15-20 minutes and then 2 hours later my wife had to drag me to bed. I'm a sucker for turn based, well illustrated games."
,Recommended,505640,33510830,Posted: 13 July,all,jurgen,"Really good game. The campaign is kinda short (will keep you busy like 3 or 4 hours probably), but the online mode is amazing. Games are relatively short for a turn based strategy game (about an hour) while not diminishing the strategic value at all. Asynchronous play is also available so you can just play every now and then to take 1 turn and then the other player goes, you get emailed (you can turn this off) when it's your turn.Amazing visuals, supportive devs that are still working on the game to push some more features!This is a must play!"
76561197982800561,Not Recommended,505640,33591903,Posted: 16 July,all,Captain_Cynical,"Not a very original game.  The gameplay isn't bad, but the music and art are very very similar to music from other games..."
,Not Recommended,505640,33538671,Posted: 14 July,all,Incarnatos,"It's a cute little game, but not worth the price-point"
,Not Recommended,505640,33780975,Posted: 24 July,all,Sally 4th,"Antihero doesn't feel all that fast-paced. I'm writing this review after playing for 1.8 hours, but it feels like I've been playing much longer. The game is a slog to play through. Most of the game is resource management. Even though each game only took about 20 minutes or less, it felt like I was sitting there for an hour just waiting to get enough resources to actually do something. You have multiple ways to gain victory points, but none of them feel satisfying. None of them feel like I actually accomplished something.The character designs are very cute. The field design, however, is cluttered, The perspective makes it hard to tell where where buildings are, precisely. Sometimes it's really hard to click on the right square because you have a sign, building, or character in the way. Everything on the screen is ovelapped on top of eachother. It made the experience really disorienting. I felt confused most of the time, even though the gameplay mechanics are really simple.There's a couple things to like about the game. As it says up above, I like the character design, and the voice acting is pretty good. But, for the most part, I found the game boring."
76561198014853241,Recommended,505640,33546532,Posted: 14 July,all,SteveO,"Unexpectedly good, the campaign mode is fun and challenging :)In single player campaign mode, you played as a thief to survive plundering golds from buildings, art ,diamond from the riches, infltrate rich man's party for treasures... at the same time, face the challenge from rival thiefs who try to wrestle the town from you, outsmart you, trick you and outnumber you...3 tech tree allow you to invest your 'savings' into different abilities, moves, access to different allies or techniques...I recommend everyone who like RPG and Strategy to play this game... game can last from 10 mins to an hour depending on the challenge mode you select... online/multiplayer will varies but the map is so far limit to few so overtime you will want to play with AI or online with real players to have fun :)"
76561198246779586,Not Recommended,505640,33512416,Posted: 13 July,all,jasonzostov3,"Bad controls, not even a 1920 x 1080 screen resolution scale....."
76561198083576371,Not Recommended,505640,33878660,Posted: 29 July,all,Evil Befall,refunded the game after being stuck on the 3rd story  no matter what i do i always  manage to lose    even on easy mode the game felt  like i was playing on hard mode
76561198030966132,Not Recommended,505640,33470692,Posted: 11 July,all,hearingv0ices,I did not like this game.
76561198018916560,Recommended,505640,33877792,Posted: 29 July,all,just Jan,"Absolutely beautiful ""digital boardgame"". Quite simple in it's mechanics, but not so simple strategically. I have only played solo so far, but it must be a lot of fun in multiplayer, especially if you manage to do it locally.If this was to come to Kickstarter as a ""real"" boardgame I would definitely back it."
