user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197995414632,Not Recommended,506510,30231727,Posted: 27 February,all,Tyroie,"What I love about this game, I love hard - The combat is fantastic. In a fight, finding the best course of action isn't simple, and that's a good thing. Opponents vary widely, and you constantly learn new, interesting abilities - this all means you're always having to adapt. Absolutely fantastic! The art was surprisingly great too, and the music okay - if sometimes awkward.But sadly, the rest of the game felt extremely amateur, and constant little issues worked to remind me of that. A severe lack of polish. No one issue really matters that much, but they all add up, you know? Here's a list, because I'm a jerkface:There is a significant silent gap whenever any song loops (Edit: Fixed!)Text is higher resolution than game graphicsThere is something weird going on causing the pixel-grid to frequently shift around and resizeMouse cursor isn't hidden when window is focusedDialog text appears all at once, instead of rolling inWhen a single character has multiple dialog boxes in a row, it closes and reopens that dialog box, instead of keeping it open to show continued speechMenu cursor has an extremely slow top-speed - this causes input to often be ignored in menusWhen using Mind Read, you're unable to press a button to continue - have to wait a long timeWhy are there save points if I can save anywhere?Self-only abilities have you select your targetAnd really, if it were only a lack of polish, it'd be fine, but there were too many things about the game design that got on my nerves, too. Another list:I don't mind some personality in the dialog and storytelling, but it's so heavy-handed and drawn out - it felt annoying instead of charming.The last area & ending was incredibly anti-climactic and brief.The sliding-object puzzles are used so often through the course of the game that it barely feels like there's any other kind of puzzle. There could be lots more variety & creativity there.Tons of treasure chests, but they lose their charm once you get healing potion #7234589.I don't recall there being any branching paths in the game - it's extremely linear.I did enjoy myself all in all - it's just, if I knew what this was going to be like, I would've had a lot more fun replaying an actual old JRPG. I like to think that if it were improved just a bit, it would really help the game out a lot, though!"
,Recommended,506510,30159116,Posted: 24 February,all,OverlordBossk,"I wish I had known about this game when they were still in their Kickstarter phase. As it is, I only heard about the game 2 days ago (the day before launch) and am loving every minute of it. Shadows of Adam is truly an homage to the JRPGs of old. If you are a fan of SNES era JRPGs, then I highly recommend Shadows of Adam to you.Music - the music is amazing, hands down. Each track is unique in its own way, and enhances the mood of the area you are in.Battle System - the AP system is a new and refreshing take as opposed to an MP based one. Each skill takes a certain percentage of your AP. You regain some each round or for defeating enemies, but it's up to you to ration how you spend it between fights and during bosses. This adds a nice level of strategic thinking to determine how best to approach each fight.Graphics - the 16bit style that the devs went for harkens back to classic SNES JRPGs for a major nostalgic factor. The backgrounds are wonderfully done, as are character sprites.Story - I'm just about to start the 3rd major dungeon, so I'm not sure exactly how far along I am. There have been some interesting plot reveals via flashbacks that have a nice pacing so as to not innundate the player with backstory before needed. From speaking with the Devs in Twitch chat the game casually should run between 14 and 16 hours. While there is no New Game + mode, there are bonus dungeons and side quests that add to the story as well that I'm looking forward to.The Devs have been very active on Social Media and Twitch offering to answer any and all questions about the game, and sharing about their experiences making it - which has been a nice touch in my opinion. Overall I'm extremely pleased that I took a chance on Shadows of Adam - it has been my best and favorite purchase since Stardew Valley. Great job to the guys/gals at Something Classic - you've created an amazing game!"
76561198052960706,Recommended,506510,32741839,Posted: 24 June,all,orangepoindexter,"So I just completed Shadows of Adam over this weekend (the game is around 10-13 hours max) and as someone whom was around and played the games in my youth this game is clearly a love letter to (it looks and plays like Final Fantasy 6, Final Fantasy Mystic Quest + Lufia 2 had a love child), I have to say it was an enjoyable experience, (with a few writing and tone hiccups along the way).The Battle System is surprisingly decent, although granted there were more then a few abilities I simply never used as I quickly figured out it was a better idea to spam the lower-mid range AP usage abilities with buffs up then the higher ones that left you with no AP. Honestly it was hard for me to NOT rely on just buffing Asrael's magic and using Double Up on her and then AoEing the enemies down later on in the game. With all the AoE abilities the enemies had access to, I just wanted to end the fights as fast as possible so I wouldn't be worn down for the Boss fights.Let me get into some pros and cons:Pros------ Beautfiul game with very nice retro graphic style and sprite art. I wish more companies would go this way instead of the polygon crap as I think it lends a ton of character.- Great soundtrack that feels like it could have been in an 16 bit RPG.- Battle System was very good (but could use a few tweaks both for what enemies use and what the characters get access to).- Decent pacing; I don't think it's anywhere near as well crafted as say Chrono Trigger or Final Fantasy 6, but it never feels like you're underpowered for what you're facing (except towards the latter half of the game, see below for more on that).Cons------ Some of the writing felt very, very, VERY ""In-Jokey"" in regards to the characters and some of the enemies you meet. I'm sure the Devs get a kick out of it, but as someone sitting down playing the game it tried my patience more then once. Talon (in a few scenes) and the Kefka wannabe villain (to me) were the biggest culprits of this.- Enemy balance issues. The toughest enemy to fight in the game isn't the last boss (by far), but random enemies you'll run into that are impossible to hit if they buff themselves and/or have magic AoE attacks that hit everyone for moderate damage they can spam. Oh and they counter AND double hit too. If you've played this game around halfway or three-quarters of the way through you'll know the enemies I'm talking about. A group of 3 of them with buffed HP + a tank monster would've been a tougher last boss then what we got.- World map is DAMN small. Like... I got the airship and was legitimately looking forward to exploring, and quickly realized flying around I had already seen 95% of what there was to see doing the main storyline...? It made me wonder if they shouldn't have bothered with a world map or airship at all.... or they were going to make the game much longer but ran into the developer hell of getting it out...? Not sure which it is but it was EXTREMELY disappointing. (Imagine if there were 3-5 other continents worth of stuff equivalent to the first 2 that you could start quest lines on. This game would instantly be an amazing classic instead of just good/very good).- Give us some different puzzles! The pushing the block ones were cool, but it'd have been great if each dungeon had their own unique puzzles to solve, (and maybe have the last dungeon be a culmination of them).- Nitpicky ... but I always hate games that give you items that negate melee damage.... but they don't matter as every single enemy spams magical attacks (or counts stuff that SHOULD be considered physical attacks such as bleed AoEs as magical) thus making that item fairly useless. I'm looking at you Wraith Shield.Anyways... overall it was a very well done game and easily the best RPG-throwback I've played here on Steam. Hopefully the Devs either make a sequel to this or take what they learned and produce something that's a step above this. Recommended."
76561198028049202,Recommended,506510,30297149,Posted: 3 March,all,Kupo Games,"This is a fun little JRPG that's worth playing if you have an itch for the SNES Final Fantasy games, but don't have the time to deal with all those random battles again. It's about 10 hours long, with appealing graphics and catchy music. Beating enemies up and levelling up is as satisfying as ever. The gameplay and writing is a little simple and repetitive at times, but overall I enjoyed it for the stress-free JRPG nostalgia.With my review out of the way, I have some advice for the developers about how they can greatly improve this game without too much work (I'm the developer of the Epic Battle Fantasy games btw):• I spent a lot of time restoring my character's AP, both with potions and also just by stalling in battle. I feel like a lot of this would be remedied if your characters regained a bit of AP at the end of battles. This is especially annoying if my characters are using their AP restoring skills, and don't get the AP because the battle ended! Major oversight there.• The game is seriously lacking in item variety. Most of the treasure chests in the game just contain potions. I think permanent stat-boosting items would be a simple way of motivating players to explore, while they wouldn't otherwise have a major impact on the game (a few stat points won't make a big difference, but it will feel good finding them). Also just in general there should be more items hidden around, I feel like I wasted a lot of my time trying to explore every bit of every area, when there wasn't much hidden stuff to find.• Conversations were hard to follow. There's a lot of dialogue, and I think it would be much easier to read if the text box displayed the speaker's avatar. At the very least for the main characters, since they already have avatars. Its up to you if you want to draw avatars for all of the NPCs.• There's way too many sliding block puzzles in the game! You didn't do much with the barrel puzzles though - maybe turn some of those barrels into rocks that you can push around, and put them into the dungeons instead of the sliding blocks.• The final dungeon also felt very cheaply made. I think you could replace a few of the recycled sprites with new stuff to make this less obvious, especially in the fight with the 3 crystals.Also here's some bugs I found:• Couldn't turn off scan lines after turning them on in the options.• The switches that control the water level in the water temple can be activated from behind, while standing on the ledge above. I'm pretty sure this is not intentional.• Twice in battle the game froze with loud noise playing. This one is serious!"
76561198025309226,Recommended,506510,30157517,Posted: 24 February,all,Webster,"A love letter to the RPGs of our childhood, this will tingle everyone of your old-school senses and have you begging for more.It hurts to put this game down, it's that good.What are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,506510,30162443,Posted: 25 February,all,Cid,"Context:I completed the game in 11 hours (some offline) which included most of the optional end-game sidequests.Graphics:The pixel art in this game is fantastic! I often found myself just looking at all the details in the background and couldn’t believe how consistently good-looking it was throughout the entire game. If you’re a fan of (or even open to) pixel art then you’ll be very happy here.Sound:The soundtrack was really good and the devs should consider putting the OST up as well! I found the tracks worked well with the art and complemented the whole experience. The only exception to this was the battle theme became a bit tiring after fighting a few consecutive battles.Story:This was probably the weakest area for me. I felt the character development was a little soft and relied heavily on the intermittent flashbacks throughout the game to simply establish the character, as opposed to further develop them. The tone of dialogue between characters seemed inconsistent with the overarching plot and almost detached at times from the current context. The story is definitely serviceable, but wasn’t enough to really stand out from the pack.Gameplay:The battle system is well balanced and the level of difficulty is slightly above something like final fantasy. Enemies are visible on the map and there is no level grinding required. Your characters have a range of skills to work with and there is usually more than one way to win the battle. The puzzles are challenging enough to make you think, but not so much that they become frustrating. It is clear that the devs have really thought about all aspects of the gameplay and it shows.Overall:The best way I can describe this game is honest, it knows exactly what it is and if you’re looking for a retro jrpg then you’re likely to be satisfied."
,Recommended,506510,30132108,Posted: 23 February,all,Shawn5961,"A thoroughly fun and enjoyable throwback to the classic JRPGs of old. Beautiful graphics and soundtrack, an enjoyable battle system, and some silly and self-aware writing.As can be seen by the screenshots, the game looks gorgeous. It retains that 16-bit SNES style, but modernized for a new age. The environments and backgrounds on the maps are stunning and diverse, without that feeling of everything being the same tiles repeated over and over again. The battle artwork is great as well, with well designed (and dynamic) enemy sprites, more gorgeous background artwork, and quick, stunning attack and spell animations.The battle system itself is a perfect example of a modern turn-based battle system. Turns and animations are quick, and the AP system used for attacks and abilities is a simple system which doesn't punish the player for doing anything other than basic attacks. As of the point I'm at in the game now, battles have felt challenging, but not punishing. I've found myself having to be slightly tactical in boss battles, and as of yet no abilities seem ""useless"" as in some JRPGs, with buffs and debuffs actually being useful and helpful.Storywise, the script has been enjoyable so far. It's very tongue-in-cheek, and aware of the fact that this game has a base in a long running and beloved genre of games. While the self-aware, tongue-in-cheek, and slightly parodied approach of writing isn't for everyone, I found it charming. Like so many other things in this game, it fits in nicely, without being overbearing. The characters are a little silly, the plot isn't out of the ordinary or convoluted, and the wonderful soundtrack really helps tie everything together.As far as technical things go, I've encountered a few very minor graphical issues, all of which I'm sure are easily fixable. But otherwise, the game is solidly designed and runs quite well.If you're a fan of the classic JRPG genre, this may be the game you've been looking for. A fun, exciting foray into the days of old, but with a modernized eye for design. The game will tug at your nostalgic heartstrings, in many ways (the music especially reminded me of so many old SNES RPGs), but it does so without relying on the nostalgia as its only selling point. At its core, it remains a solid, simple JRPG, the likes of which are few and far between these days, and I would recommend it to anyone looking to revisit that classic style with a new age twist."
,Recommended,506510,30257108,Posted: 1 March,all,Fatal Framerate,"You can read other reviews if you want more detail... All I have to say is this is the best JRPG I've played in 20 years. Freaking legendary.Ok ok...I have to say more... AMAZING OST, GORGEOUS Sprite Art. Loved the writing. Cute, funny, and serious when it needs to be. I really put this up there with the greats of the SNES era."
,Recommended,506510,30132068,Posted: 23 February,all,Boondock,"THIS IS NOT YOUR STANDARD TRASHY JRPG CLONE!!!!!!Only a little over an hour in, will update in the future, but as a three decade JRPG player, I can safely tell you all that from what I have seen and played so far, this game seems legit.It feels more like the SNES/Genesis games of old than any other games of this variety I have seen. Period.The art is fantastic, the few musical tracks I have heard so far definetely above-average, and the gameplay is exactly what you would expect from a game like this.I cant speak for the rest of the game, as I said, but I am very happy so far and I cant wait to get back into it."
,Recommended,506510,30149821,Posted: 24 February,all,Troctzul,"If you remember role playing games before Playstation, than this game is for you.All the elements that make a classic RPG are there for Shadows of Adam. From hidden chest to chasing after annoying monsters that steal your mushrooms. Inn keepers that will give you a room for free, and shop keepers that will literally buy the clothes off your back.Even the most minute details are handled spectacularly. Many of the maps jump to life from birds flying away to fish jumping out of streams.Of course, I wouldn’t consider it a fair review without some nitpicking. For instance, there is no explanation to the battle system. A small nuance, but it took a few fights to get the swing of things.Some of the dialogue windows are difficult to follow, but this is a common factor in these type of games. After you get the hang of character names, it becomes less of an issue. That being said, the game tries hard to catch the player's attention but sometimes leaves you wanting more explanation.It’s really hard to complain about these things considering all the additional effort that went into the immersion of the player. I look forward to spending many more hours with this title over the weekend."
76561198013674073,Recommended,506510,34386061,Posted: 20 August,all,Sedelf,Keepin' it simple. Great game. Has an awesome cast of memorable characters with a story that kept me hooked. The OST is wonderful and fits in nicely. The combat is fun and rewarding. Pixel graphics are on point.
76561198140049916,Not Recommended,506510,30259413,Posted: 1 March,all,icovoc,"I'm a bit unhappy to write this review, and it's worth keeping in mind I'm coming at this game from an unusual angle. A lot of the reviews for this game mention that it's a solidly made retro JRPG, and it is in some ways, especially the combat, which I thought was really fast and solid. But, for anyone playing it because they liked The Way (the previous game by writer Lun Calsari) it's much more complicated--a game that was sort of the insane king of JRPGs, with a complex, mysterious world, continuously strong and surprising writing, interesting characters, and game design choices so eccentric you still appreciate them though, near the end of the game, it becomes nearly unplayable and labyrinthine.This isn't exactly fair, because Shadows of Adam is advertized as a very simple, straightforward JRPG. But I'd expected at least decent writing to go along with the combat. What we get, though, is pretty unexceptional--a messy, cliche plot that's mostly ignored from moment to moment, full of shallow, poorly realized characters and weirdly reliant on flashbacks with very little interesting going on in the present. Near the beginning there are a few moments that hint at something much better, but it fades away pretty quickly. This was disappointing to me considering the same writer made one of my favorite stories ever told in a game. Even the towns are written sort of unimagintively and mostly used for one-liner throwaway gags.The other thing that annoyed me, and the reason I decided to give this game a thumbs down, was the puzzles, which were reasonably well designed but very repetitive and too frequent. I played through because I had a vested interest in this game before I started it, but through the second half the puzzles were just weirdly annoying and there were quite a few moments where I wanted to quit.I do think some parts of this game were executed well, but really I don't think I enjoyed it very much. With so many similar games out there I have trouble recomending it."
76561198003866860,Recommended,506510,30319453,Posted: 4 March,all,Youngblood,"There are games that succeed at becoming a love letter to the games we grew up with and there are games that fail. Shadows of Adam succeeds in every aspect.Something Classic Games has done a fantastic job at capturing the essence of old school rpgs. Much like Final Fantasy Mystic Quest, Shadows of Adam (SoA) uses great art, emotive sprite work and a unique story to create a vibrant world for players to enjoy. Tyler and the rest of the team took a simple concept — creating an old school rpg — and brought it life in a beautiful and entertaining game.MECHANICSSoA is in start contrast to I Am Setsuna, which aimed to bring gamers of today a Chrono Trigger-esque game. I Am Setsuna, however, was plagued with poor design choices — uninspired level design, a rehased story from FFX, and unfair difficulty spikes for boss fights. SoA has none of these design problems. SoA begins relatively easy, as most rpgs do, and gradually increases as the game progresses. There was never even one instance where I felt the difficulty was artificially inflated. The game features lots of weapons, armor and accessories to outfit your party, which can vary depending on your playstyle.Combat is turn-based and has players managing their AP pool (much like a magic points system) to fire off defensive and offensive abilities. Each of the four characters are distinctively different from each other and several abilities from one character compliment another character's abilities. On the plus side, you receive AP after each turn and for defeating enemies.ARTThe visuals in SoA are top shelf. The sprite work on the main characters is reminiscent of the excellent work done in Final Fantasy VI. Sprites are able to emote a handful of animations, which really helps the player feel connected to the characters in SoA. Enemies are varied and interesting with minimal pallette swaps. The game really shines with its bosses. Just like Final Fantasy Mystic Quest, boss sprites have hurt animations. While I would have loved to see all enemies in the game have hurt animations, adding this very small aspect to boss fights really brings a lot of character to the fights in the game.SOUNDThe sound effects and music in SoA is some of the best in any rpg. The music never got in the way of the gaming experience. Tracks were numerous and varied. The victory fanfare was something straight out of a TGIF sit-com from the 90s. I couldn't help but smile. Other tracks like the Lost Cave were pure rockin'.The sound effects stand out above all else though. From the time I used the first ability in my arsenal — Cleave — to the final ability — Wraith Storm — the sound effects blew me away. They pack quite a punch and really make the combat feel visceral and impacting.STORYThe story in SoA is classic jrpg. It feels like something we would have all played as kids on the SNES. The characters all have disctinct personalities that help to bring variety to the dialogue. The dialogue is well done and never gets too heavy on exposition. There are plenty of cliches, but this is par the course for rpgs. Thankfully, a unique story helps to give the story what it needs to succeed on its own.FINAL THOUGHTSSoA is a game that I whole-heartedly recommend to anyone who enjoys old school rpgs. Finally, we have a love letter to the games of our childhood that succeeds in every aspect. SoA isn't plagued with the poor design choices of I Am Setsuna. Instead, Something Creative Games has created a worthy successor to our 16-bit roots.My hope is that Something Creative is able to next create a fitting tribute to Chrono Trigger for their next game. I have faith in the development team that they can actually create a solid experience that emulates the mechanics and design of Chrono Trigger, yet with a completely new and original story. I have faith that Something Creative would succeed where the developers of I Am Setsuna failed."
,Recommended,506510,32783369,Posted: 25 June,all,Vertex,"Really nails the feel of the old snes squaresoft games without feeling too derivative,  The only gripes I can think of are that it is much shorter than the games it draws insperation from and some of the music tracks do not properly loop making them a bit hard on the ears."
76561198066341445,Recommended,506510,30162934,Posted: 25 February,all,Cotton-eyed Joe,"This is a somewhat decent indie JRPG. While this is not an RPGMaker game, it has the same feeling and mechanics,so those of you who had some experience with RPGmaker games will find pretty much same here.Best word to describe this game is ""average"",because everything you will see in this game fits this description perfectly (at least for me). Plot?average (for an indie JRPG).Music?average.Gameplay?average and so on.PROS- decent graphics and art, not your typical RPGmaker tiles- about 10-14h of gameplay (with all optional content)- moderately interestingCONS- typical indie JRPG plot (underaged party of heroes saves the world)- childish puzzles (they are not bad per se,just very easy)- linear progression (you will have a small degree of freedom only before the very last dungeon)TL;DR average JRPG, nothing special about it,but will get you some 10h+ of unsophisticated entertainment"
,Recommended,506510,30351362,Posted: 5 March,all,LawTalkingGuy,"A great tribute to the old school 8 and 16 bit JRPGs!  It's exactly what you'd expect: plucky group of young adventures, quirky dialog, villainous princes and of course a quest to save the world.  As is traditional, it mostly linear until the end when you get full freedom to explore the world and find side quests.Plus there's some nice improvements over the standard JRPGs of the 16 bit era:- No random fights: all the monsters appear on the map, so you'll know when you're getting into a fight.  They stay dead until you leave the dungeon, which is nice when you're exploring- The AP system: AP is used for all characters special actions (special attacks, spells, etc).  You regenerate AP every round of combat, so you can actually let loose with those special abilities rather than saving them for the boss fight.- Fights are tough: because of the AP system, they expect you to be using your special abilities or you won't win.  Very few battles are just choosing ""fight"" for all 4 characters.- Save anywhere: Yup, no save points.  Well, actually they have ""save points"" but they are actually just full HP/AP restore.  Bonus: the save points talk back to you!A few cons:- The game is short: probably 10-16 hours (depends on how many of the side quests you choose to do at the end).  Not bad at all for the price, but not quite the typical 40 hours one might expect from a JRPG- Not much in the way of character customization until the very end.  For most of the game, there's only one obvious weapon/sword/accessory to equip on each character.  It's only at the end that you'll finally have some choices in how you'd like to spec your party.TL:DR: If you love old-school JRPGs, you'll love this.  Buy it!"
76561198021451849,Recommended,506510,30270176,Posted: 1 March,all,Arcmagik,"Part of the reason that I got into the RPG Maker is to re-capture that feel of the retro JRPG that I played when I was growing up. Shadows of Adam does that in spades... Let me be honest I don't have a lot of time to play games so when I say that I've clocked 5 hours into this game that is almost a weeks worth of gaming for me. I play it every time I have 30 minutes or a hour to do so.The graphics are sufficiently retro with a modern sharpness to them. The battles are fun (and some of them challenging!) The story and characters are simple, but there is a depth to them that you can gather from their dialogue. I keep looking forward to the next series of dialogue.Are there some old JRPG cliches in there? Yes, but you know what I loved those cliches in my younger days and I still love them now. This is the retro JRPG that I have been looking for! I hope to see more such goodness come out of the Something Classic Games crew.ProsRetro JRPGSimple and lovable dialogueBeautifully modern pixel art designed in a retro styleCurtis is best monk everThrow backs to Final FantasyConsBattle System is really nice and smooth, but costs me so much healing items. I am always broke!Main Character (thus far) is kind of a do-nothing that is just stumbling around and getting lucky.Not as long as I want it to be!In closing, I look forward to the handful of hours that I have remaining for Shadows of Adam. I highly suggest that if you want a good solid retro JRPG then you buy this game immediately."
,Recommended,506510,30331276,Posted: 4 March,all,jalloukmat,"I found this game searching around for some turn based RPGs...I was a bit skeptical of this product at first, and although it's certainly not perfect or one of my favorite RPG based games...this is a solid entry. At least a B+ in my opinion.The battle system with the AP+ as mana for techs/spells is very unique that I welcomed! The graphics are good in traditional 8-bit/16-bit style graphs. The story is....decent I think. Although I would say that the I dont find any of the places (with the exception of the optional dungeons) very memorable in this game. Everything is solid...but it's just sort of there. The music is decent and dialogue is a bit campy. Overall, if you like turn based RPGs and things in the 8-bit/16-bit style era of the SNES, then I think you'll find this game enjoyable. I did, and despite it's problems. It's pretty good...even if things are not amazing or the incridbly memorable. It's worth the 15 bucks (or 12 if you got the opening release sale).Final recommendation: Buy this game"
,Recommended,506510,30216855,Posted: 27 February,all,ayy bratan,Epic 16-bit nostalgia tripAlthough it took me 4 hours to realise you could run in the game
76561198339130430,Recommended,506510,30268153,Posted: 1 March,all,Mantelar,"Ten hours in to the game.  From what I've read online, there is between 12 and 14 hours of content.  This game really is a tribute to some of the best JRPGs designed in the early 1990's.  It borrows heavily from Final Fantasy VI, Final Fantasy Mystic Quest, and Lufia II, taking the best elements of each and making its own improvements in terms of game mechnanics and story telling.In terms of what it borrowed(1) Like Mystic Quest there are no random encounters.  Monsters appear as sprites on the map and many battles can be bypassed.  I don't recommend this, however, because the game is superbly paced.  If you deliberately destroy each sprite on every map, you will never need to grind.  That's right, you will never need to return to any map in order to gain experience.  I only backtracked one time to grab treasure that I accidently bypassed.(2) There is a puzzle solving element ala Lufia II that is just challenging enough to get your mind off random encounters for 2-5 minutes at a time, 2-5 times per major dungeon.  At least one of these puzzles is linked to an optional treasure that is typically very helpful dealing with either the matter at hand or the next immediate challenge - i.e., at the end of the dungeon prior to the 'Magma Sanctum', you can get an Ice Sword available no where else.  So the puzzles are not a chore, but an intrinsic part of the game.(3) There are multiple Final Fantasy VI references I won't spoil, but in terms of game play, once you get the airship and the end game is opened up, it pays to roam the overworld.  Old locations contain legendary rewards and also open new subplots tied to previously unaccessable locations which also contain legendary rewards, setting you up for the final spike in difficulty.That brings me to improvements unique to the game itself(1) The combat is more challenging, and frankly puts American JRPG imports from the 90's to shame.  Each character has a unique and exclusive set of skills.  Monsters don't have resistances so much as immunities which require some experimentation and make your different characters shine at different points in time, even within a single battle.  Buffs and debuffs are additive and its possible to stack them in such a way to make a two-round round cannon out of whatever character can break the immunities of an enemy in a given fight.  There is an AP system which fuels abilities and regenerates by round, making it difficult to spam abilities and more rewarding when you can set up a combo like I describe above.  Also, the battles are smartly animated - your sprites actually rush up and cleave, suplex, stab, claw, etc., the enemy.  It makes a big intangible difference in gameplay.(2) The story is intimate and emotional in a way unique to itself.  I won't spoil it, but as far as 1990's JRPGs go, the only thing I can compare it to is the full up version of Final Fantasy VI - deleted plotlines and all.  And thats only in terms of the impact it will have on you, not the content.  The characters have an interrelated, bittersweet backstory that I was somewhat blindsided by.  In otherwords, though I intended to, I did not button mash through the plot of this one.  Its a story worth watching which ends up being the most pleasant surprise this game brings to the table.Worth the money."
,Recommended,506510,30362049,Posted: 6 March,all,chris,"At first, I thought this was just an above-average indie RPG in the style of an SNES game. Polished art, sometimes witty dialogue, solid gameplay, but not quite up to the level of something like Final Fantasy 6.And then, after about an hour of play, I got to the ridge where the camera panned up to the castle, and the style was perfect. Without saying anything, it told me that everything I'd played up to that point was just the prologue, and that this is where the game would start getting deep. It was a perfect moment.I'm going to be finishing this one, and I definitely recommend it to anyone who's on the fence about it."
,Recommended,506510,30133898,Posted: 23 February,all,Mint,"Nice looking sprites, good music, and charming writing. This is what you can expect out of Shadows of Adam. Every so often I see an indie game in developement and I look out for it for a year or more until it finally comes out. I knew I was in for a treat when I saw Lun Calsari, creator of the RPG maker cult hit ""The Way"" was doing the writing, and to my understanding, some of the mapping.  I was a huge fan of his work and had played it numerous times. So I played the demo, and boy, was it good. If you have any doubts about the game, or are curious as to how it plays, you can always check out that demo.Really, a lot of different things sell this game. The gameplay is simple, but there's some thought to be had since MP is a percentage and skills take up a set percent of how much you have. This means you can't just spam skills to win. You need to manage your skills, if only just a little bit. The graphics are nicely shaded, and are reminiscent of games like Final Fantasy V, but have a personality of their own at the same time. The writing is great, and althought I had some serious head turning at some of the things said, since there's a lot of slang exclusive to the world. While made up slang was present in The Way, it felt natural and made sense, like it was something you might hear in the real world somewhere.Anyhow, if you give the game a chance, I'm sure you'll find something you'll love about it. It's an RPG through and through, and I constantly find myself finding new things to explore, and a bunch of hidden chests and treasures. There are also a lot of references to Lun's older work that I appreciate a bunch as a fan of his game."
,Recommended,506510,30184443,Posted: 25 February,all,Dragun,"A MUST buy JRPG for fans of the 16bit era! These guys have captured what made the SNES RPGs timeless classics! This is the real deal; so many others have tried and even come close but this is the standout and it deserves to be enjoyed by all! Traditional Square-Enix menus and battle commands with fast game play, save anytime, no random encounters, no grind required - but kill what you see to maintain the difficulty, great story, graphics are somewhere between Final Fantasy 4 & 6, excellent soundtrack, characters with personalities that you become attached to and a great price point! Support this game - we need sequels and more game like this that deliver a nostalgic experience while being new at the same time! Sure you will see a lot of influence from Final Fantasy 4-6, Chrono Trigger, Phantasy Star 4, Dragon Quest 6-7 and Breath of Fire 1-2 but it is done respectfully and delivers!Update - I just finished the game - this is a true masterpiece and I hope it gets ported to consoles so all can enjoy!A note to the dev team:My 1st system was the Atari 2600 and I fell in love with Adventure, Riddle of the Sphinx and Raiders of the Lost Ark.I've finished countless RPGs from The 8bit era to current gen with my fondest memories belonging to the 16bit era.My 3 favourite RPGs (true RPGs - not Zelda or MetroidVania games or Faxanadu or Diablo - which are also awesome) in a very specific order are Final Fantasy 6, Chronotrigger and Final Fantasy 4.I have also enjoyed less common/known RPGs that are hidden masterpieces like Septerra Core, Crimson Gem Saga, Albert Odyssey and Symphony of Eternity.I have been waiting and disappointed time after time even with indie studios with hardcore retro roots.Finally - THIS - is the game I have been waiting for! You guys clearly understand what made the old school RPGs timeless classics that can be replayed end enjoyed even when you know exactly what to do without a map or walk through.Thank you for giving me something that really makes me feel nostalgic and yet is a new experience!I hope you guys get the recognition and success you deserve for creating this future classic that I hope ends up on other platforms and has many sequels - all JRPG lovers should finish this game!I have no issues buying this again for my home console (if a port gets made) and will be spreading the positive referrals to my friends - and the price point just augments the value even further!Congratulations and thanks; you guys are awesome and have brought me back to my best time in gaming; which I thought would not be possible playing a new game!""They just don't make them like they used to!"" - actually as of Feb 23rd, they do!"
76561198039754119,Recommended,506510,30455297,Posted: 11 March,all,pnholleman,"Shadows of Adam is a delightful example of the experimental ""neo-JRPGs"" which Western indie developers have begun to turn out since 2010.  Although not quite as nuanced as those of Stardew Valley or On the Rain Slick Precipice of Darkness episodes 3 and 4, the combat and stat systems are fresh and engaging.  Boss encounters are well designed, and there is a definite underlying theme which unifies the tactical combat with the plot of the game.  The sound and music are particularly well done, and the game features a couple of the cleverest interactive flashbacks (a JRPG staple) in the genre.  I spent 13 hours beating the game and still had some optional content left to go.  Definitely worth the purchase."
76561198098598276,Recommended,506510,30230649,Posted: 27 February,all,Doe,So far this game is great. if you enjoyed the good old days of 16bit SNES RPG games this game is for you.
76561198129309676,Recommended,506510,30260954,Posted: 1 March,all,orbitalkoenig,"Shadows of Adam feels like an old school RPG brought into the modern era.The modern elements are not so much graphical as they are mechanical. All the things game developers have learned seems to be applied to create a better experience for the player. Saying the graphics are just standard would be an understatement though, as you can see from the screenshots. I had a great time playing Shadows of Adam, here are a few reasons why:The Battle SystemAlthough simple, the battle system has enough depth to keep you engaged throughout the game. Every character and all abilities are viable for certain situations. You don't feel anyone is useless, as is common in many RPGs. The AP system gives you the option of chosing power vs speed. The battle also aren't easy, and bosses will whipe the floor with you if you don't pay attention. I went through the whole game without grinding (which is also discouraged by design) and with the right strategy you will always come out on top.The World and it's charactersNotice I didn't say the story. The story is fine and in typical RPG fashion but what sets it apart is the writing.Your heroes feel like actual humans. Cities are alive. NPCs have their own personalities. That goes for everyone basically. Their are different groups that you will immediately be able to tell apart, not just by their appearance but their language as well. Snakes!The MusicThere are a few incredible pieces in there. Some I have grown to love more as I played on. The main theme and Curtis theme are the 2 that stand out for me the most. The music fits always well with the story.So overall I absolutely loved the game. There are few minor cons for me:* the amount of puzzles was a bit too much for my personal taste* the story weakens off at the end* more optional stuff would have been niceConcluding, I can say that this is the first good RPG I have played in years."
,Recommended,506510,30214144,Posted: 26 February,all,SkoalBandits,"As a person that grew up in the 80's and 90's, i'm used to the ""Golden Age"" of RPG games. Those to this day are still my favorite, and Shadows of Adam really is a throwback to the old, turn based battle system game that has a great storyline to back it.This has been a real pleasure. If you are into Traditional RPG games with turn based battles, this is defintely not a game you want to pass up!"
,Recommended,506510,30340288,Posted: 5 March,all,thibafb,Amazing game with a lovely classic JRPG style.+ Characters+ Maps+ AP skills+ Music+ Puzzles+ Story+ DesignIt's a great adventure.
76561197990194469,Recommended,506510,30202764,Posted: 26 February,all,Varshyl,"Really enjoyed this gem, felt like a remixed classic game from 16 bit era mostly inspired by Final Fantasy.  The plot is even reminsicent of FF6 in some ways which isn't a bad thing.  I liked the cast but their personalities were bit one dimensional.  The combat is very quick and fluid with minimal unnecessary animations, each character have a good set of unique skills and they remain useful whole game.  The map design is top-notch and look to be a cut above most of indie RPGs.  The puzzles were enjoyable but not much of variety aside for pushing stuff and flipping switches.  Enemies are well-varied even bosses.My only complaint is that only one accessory slot, would had been nice to have 2 slots and bump the difficulty up bit.  And I never saw any sidequests during the whole game until the very end where I did few and they didn't really add anything to the story / background of characters which was disappointing."
,Recommended,506510,30179437,Posted: 25 February,all,achillean1976,"I am 3 hours in, and having a blast playing the game. One thing that is important to me is balance.  I feel that because the mechanics of getting into battles, the devs were able to make battles  (both normal and boss) feel challenging. Along with this, the gold you aquire is enough to kit out your characters with the new gear offered at each town. There is no grind, there are battles that you can avoid, but unless you go out of your way to do this throughout the game you shouldnt feel gimped.Fun to play."
76561198009905418,Recommended,506510,30199285,Posted: 26 February,all,Whachamacalzmit,"Shadows of Adam borrows and adds to the great 16-bit RPGs of old.  It's not a rehash.  Thoroughly enjoyable.  Great music, appropriately challenging, well paced, humorous dialog.  Love it!"
,Recommended,506510,31456282,Posted: 29 April,all,Tag Wolf,I needed badly to scratch the turn based old school rpg itch. But I've been scared lately because RPG Maker has caused a lot of crap to show up on steam. This isn't that. It's got it's own engine. It also satisfied every desire I had. Great writing and stands on it's own. Worth the $15.
,Recommended,506510,30561657,Posted: 16 March,all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,"If you are a fan of SNES era RPGs, this is a game for you. The only thing holding this game back is some polishing. There are some minor errors/hiccups here and there, but you hardly notice them as you progress through the game.Battle System/Diffuculty: The battle system is great, but without random encounters it makes you not want to grind. I never had to go through any area more than once to be adequately leveled. Even the end game bonus dungeon was not hard once you had all of the other items you could aquire.Visuals: This game looks great. Some of the sprites were used more than once, but each area still seemed new and exciting.Music: I loved all of the music in the game. The battle and boss themes were great. Whenever I heard something new, it instantly reminded me of any number of RPGs I had played before.Overall: Buy this game. Support the developer so that we can get more games like this. It is so rare to get a game that is new but nostalgic at the same time. With some more support, I am sure they can create something even greater."
76561198068096702,Recommended,506510,30708920,Posted: 24 March,all,zephyr_235,"After playing through this game 1.9 times (almost finished it twice now), I can say that this game is fairly well-crafted.  The battles are challenging without feeling impossible, and the story is interesting, even though it's a little simple at times.  I'd rather not spoil anything, so I'll just say that two of the villians might be my new favorites.  I especially loved the humor in the game, namely Curtis's blunt approach to communicating.My favorite thing about SoA is that every skill learned continues to be useful for the entire game.  No early game skills that become junk later on.  This creates the impression that the creators focused a lot on balancing the game, which isn't always the case in indie games.Overall, this game does a great job at capturing old-school RPG nostalgia, while putting a few twists into it.  Definitely worth the $15 price for this game."
76561198073088368,Recommended,506510,31127323,Posted: 13 April,all,The Silent One,"I just finished this game a few minutes ago and here are my thoughts about this game.This game has some awesome music to listen to, the storyline of this game is awesome, & the battle mechanics in this game are pretty solid. The only thing about this game that'll leave you stumped for a while is a few of the puzzles but other than that I really enjoyed playing through this game.If you are looking for a extremely fun RPG with a good storyline, then this is the game for you."
76561198065209195,Recommended,506510,30527422,Posted: 15 March,all,leachamarie2,"This is a fun little game.  While the dialog didn't really suck me in, the story line is decent and the fights are fun.  You really have to put some thought into strategy for boss fights, which is a nice change from some of the games I've played recently."
76561198029242857,Recommended,506510,35081249,Posted: 20 September,all,^1BigBossMan1978 [BE],"Hi all,Let me say a little something about Shadow of Adam:This lovely game really deserves to get more attention and people who like to play and purchase old school feel, retro snes type games. It's a basic old school rts that's not telling a compellingly deep story, but it's still good to follow through nonetheless. The graphics i personally think are very well done and really add to that classic feeling from the past. The game is not that lengthy (9-12h) depending on your playstyle it could be a bit more, but the developers are including new dlcs as we speak (Oct. 2nd 2017) which will add to the overall enjoyability and length of the game including new features and whatnot.The sound/music is overall enjoyable too, but please also note it's similar to those scores and sounds from way back in the snes/Super Nintendo days.. So they've basically kept it all as real as possible which to me just adds to the whole as a retro game should be in the end. (But i know it will not fancy everyone who isn't yet as old als me) ^_^To conclude, it's a very enjoyable game guys but keep in mind that this game offers nothing spectacular, however what if does offer works very well together as a whole and it's very stable on whatever system you like running it on.The developers are all very nice and responsive to feedback and offer help as soon as they can, which is always a really nice way to support the future projects for this developing team.There's still more to say about this game obviously, but i'm not a man of many hints or spoilers so i can only advice others to check out the game (it's also offering regular discounts etc) and it's not expensive to get at all considering what you get in return.Give it a try guys, and thumbs up if you like it and if not well refund it for something else (Steam).Cheers!"
76561198037302509,Recommended,506510,30388526,Posted: 8 March,all,tim,"Updated review after having finished the main storyline:Pros:- Runs well even on modest hardware- Gorgeous chunky amd colourful sprite graphics- Music has that sampled SNES style to it, many varied tracks- You can save the game anywhere you like- Interesting turn-based combat system, different from the FF series- Just the right length - long enough to be good value, short enough to finish casuallyCons:- Could do with more variety of items in shops and loot from monsters- The puzzles got a little repetitive towards the middle of the game. It picked back up towards the end.I played on a MacBook Pro 13"" Retina (Late 2013)."
76561197997089521,Recommended,506510,30212745,Posted: 26 February,all,#DWB#Diamond Says,"The game is fantastic and a must have, it make me think about a modern version of chrono trigger. The music is superb and the dialoge is just TOO SWEET!( Bullet club)"
76561198044316312,Recommended,506510,30158939,Posted: 24 February,all,Swabteam,"Pro's:-An amazing 16 bit art style that is just similar enough to Final Fantasy to give you nostalgic feelings, but different   enough it has its own identity.-The  story is actually mostly serious, unlike many retro themed RPG's that devolve into parody.-The battle system feels pretty unique.  This isn't just a FF  or DQ clone.-No random battles!-It supports Steam Achievments which most of these retro RPG projects on Steam do not.-The most recent patch fixed the music/sound issue.  The music is great,Con's:-The config UI is a bit oddly laid out, and in order to get the steam overlay to work I had to edit the text config file.  Not all options are in the game's GUI config.-A few minor display bugs with the steam overlay (nothing major).Overall I would rate this a 9/10.  If you yearn for the olden days of 16 bit RPGs BUY THIS GAME NOW!"
76561198073505285,Recommended,506510,30694818,Posted: 23 March,all,CMTRC74159,"Great gameplay, music, story, and graphics. Recommended for anyone wanting to enjoy a game made after the claassic jrpg style."
,Recommended,506510,34979924,Posted: 15 September,all,Yozuryu,"A talking save point remind you to save the game and heal you just before the first boss,even though you can save anywhere in the game.very great game. 10/10. need more of this good guy talking save point.Jokes aside,I think this game mainly appeal to those who plays older RPGs with the pixel graphics.For me this game remind me so much of RPGs that I used to play when I was little.And because of that, I decided to try this game, and I must say I'm really impressed.The game have a very well-made pixel graphic with great battle, walking, and even expression animation.The music is really great and really capture the moments in the game.The Battle system uses simple RPG basics such as attacks, skills, magic, equips, with no confusing stuff, and that is a big plus for me.The story is good with some comedy here and there. (I might need to update this later after beating the game)I definitely recommend this game for those who likes a well-crafted old-style RPG.Also a new DLC is coming up that adds New Game+ Content. The more reason to play this game!"
76561198066100634,Recommended,506510,30333127,Posted: 5 March,all,LightBWK,"THE TL;DR NO SPOILER REVIEWI don't recommend this game for:Mediocre writing, so so plotMediocre character developmentRepetitive puzzlesAP recovery not properly done, character should recover 15 AP at the end of each battle.If these problems make you feel bad, then I don't recommend this game.I recommend this game for:Nice graphics, nostalgic but with improvements.Quick combat.No random encounter.Clever level layout design, very little back tracking.Devs actually talk to you and fix stuff.The DLC is quite epic.New Game Plus is very challenging.And many more!!!"
76561198419244325,Recommended,506510,34926743,Posted: 13 September,all,Kythoran,"Fantastic recreation of old school 8-bit rpgs. Combat is not difficult, game is relatively short, but all in all it was an enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,506510,33606137,Posted: 17 July,all,NyappiCat,"Still haven't gotten that far into the game, but it's an alright game. If you like classic RPGs you'll probably enjoy this game. So far my only grievances are with the abrupt black screen transitions between cutscenes and gameplay, awkward scripting and that the plot is a bit hard to follow at times, but this is just a matter of final polish. The graphics are quite good and the music is fitting, and the game does increase in difficulty overtime so I think it's a good game since it doesn't get too easy.Edit: Now that I've completed the game I gotta say I was a bit too harsh with passing judgment. You sorta get used to the things I mentioned above so those details aren't really any major issues. I think the reason I found myself skipping the plot all the time tho was because of lack of little character drawings by the dialog boxes. Having those could really aid in expressing the characters emotions since you can see their reactions and facial expressions, but also engage you in the story. All in all it was a really fun game once you get really into it."
76561198068961389,Recommended,506510,30177316,Posted: 25 February,all,Mr. Pulp,"If you like Final Fantasy or Chrono Trigger, buy this game. Awesome callback to those types of games!"
,Recommended,506510,30184933,Posted: 25 February,all,closedsockets,"A love letter to SNES era RPGS.The art and the music are are excellent. The dialogue, story, and character development are average at best, and is what keeps the game from being great.That battle system is solid, so no complaints there. I paid full price for the game and believe it's worth the asking price."
,Recommended,506510,32579275,Posted: 19 June,all,Nozilla,Really nice pixel art!  Very polished and fun game. =)
76561198032493216,Not Recommended,506510,30212267,Posted: 26 February,all,Alphanumerai,"I really thought I'd like this game.It seemed to have all the things I could want from a retro-inspired RPG; an interesting story, a twist on the tradional battle system and no random encounters, so no need for grinding!But that's not the game I got; yes the graphics are great, but they're the only part of this game that feels professional.Dialogue is stilted and confusing; full of nonsequitors and questionable phrasing. Pacing of cutscenes is extremely slow, animation and movement seems delayed.(something happened to deal the rest of my review while I was writing so I will summarize)The Ap system fails entirely to provide the stated strategic depth as Ap cost and recovery amounts are innacurate. Per-turn regeneration skews all values and is not taken into account when presented to the player.With the exception of the graphics (and unremarkable music), every other aspect feels poorly planned and even more poorly executed.If you don't mind clumsy dialogue, clumsy cutscenes and clumsy battles but all means but this game."
76561198051533584,Recommended,506510,30177811,Posted: 25 February,all,Lyart,Snake ? SNAKE ? SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE !!
,Not Recommended,506510,30130557,Posted: 23 February,all,Rick,"I wish it was a technical problem that kept me from recommending this game. The game runs well enough, looks OK (although honestly it looks way better in the small screen shots) and the fights are decent for an RPG. If that is all you are looking for in a JRPG type game, then I probably recommend.The problem for me, however, was that it so obviously wanted to be Final Fantasy but they didn't want to hire a writer that was anywhere near that skilled. I can handle dramatic dialogue and cheesy characters (though not as much as other JRPG Steam players) but I can't handle the stilted dialogue. I can't put my finger on it but I could not get into the way the characters spoke to each other. If that is important to you in a text heavy game, then I cannot recommend."
