user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,506610,27836245,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,💀LPGAnimations💀,"This game was better than the others put together, here's why:The ambience in the game wasn't over done.The silence in most parts created a lot of tensionThe music is very well composedDifferent things to do on each night.Definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,506610,32674136,Posted: 23 June,all,Lord Nazo,This game has a lot more of a plotline than any of the previous games.NOTE: IGNORE THE CANCEROUS COMMUNITY AND YOU WILL ENJOY THIS GAME A LOT MORE!
,Recommended,506610,26074162,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,TheGamer Fromoverthere,"Ok, I've finally completed the game, so I'm making a review for this. Before I start WARNING: SPOILERS. Now this isn't going to be a review saying something like ""BEST GAME EVER 10/10"" no, I'm actually going to put time into making this. Now Scott Cawthon, you are a great man. This game is definitely different from the other FNAF games, and you actually took time to make this game instead of the normal 3-4 months of developing. The teasers look great with those special effects, and I love how you tried to keep everything balanced and not show much of gameplay in the trailer. Speaking of gameplay, let's talk about that. Now the only problem I had with the previous FNAF games is that the gameplay was the same thing and repetitive. No matter what in FNAF 1-4 you  are doing the same thing  each night, but just more animatronics. (In FNAF 4's case, one animatronic changes things up.) In this game you're doing something different on EACH night. Now that is what I love to see, a FNAF game that doesn't have repetitive gameplay each night. FNAF: SL also has different elements, instead of waiting until it's 6AM you actually have to keep progressing until your shift is complete, I can say that this game is pretty much faster than the previous games because of that and the fact there isn't any extra nights, but that's if you can. Not only is Sister Location different, but it's more difficult than the other FNAF games (Especially night 4.) so if you're planning on doing a speedrun of this game, you better completely master your skills first, because like I said this isn't your usual FNAF. Now, I'm not gonna go too deep in the story, but I will say that it's very good, of course since it's FNAF, it is dark, but it is also much more interesting than the usual lore. This is by far, the best Five Nights At Freddy's game, it's worth the money, it won't feel rushed, and best of all it has very nice voice acting. The voice acting is absolutely amazing, I love how Baby talks in a calm, monotone voice, and Funtime Freddy sounds like an insane killer clown. Is there things that I don't like about this game? Yes there is, I'm not calling the game bad, these are just a few things I don't like about it. (I won't say Night 4, it's meant to be hard)The checkpoint system, ok, I understand getting jumpscared is a penalty for dying, but some of these checkpoints are ridiculous. For an example, if you get killed by Freddy in the Breaker room, you have to crawl though Ballora gallery. That's not really how a check point works, what's the whole point of crawling through Ballora Gallery again, why don't we just start over in the Breaker Room?ULTIMATE SPOILERS AHEAD!The Worst checkpoint in this game, is dying from Ennard in the Private Room. If you fail to complete the Private Room section, then you have to start all over in the control module and do that code thing with Baby again, and run to the Private room again, I don't understand why we have to go through all of that over and over, when we can just start in the Private room, I mean I love how it's a throwback to FNAF 1, but seriously, why do we have to start all over if we die?I will give this game a 9.5/10, it would be a 10/10 if the checkpoints were better. Thank you again Scott Cawthon for making all of these games, and this one was definitely worth the wait."
,Recommended,506610,32101639,Posted: 1 June,all,FizzyAppleJuice,Pros:Visually-Pleasing GraphicsAmazing Voice-ActingOriginalNot Repetitive (With exception of Night 4)Good Difficulty (With exception of Night 4)Fun (With exception of Night 4)Scary AnimatronicsCons:NIGHT 4Custom Night isn't very Custom.I just cannot express how much I hate Night 4.8/10
76561198048974498,Recommended,506610,25911697,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,rjmacready,"""Welcome, Eggs Benedict!""I don't know about you, but I didn't even know we were expecting yet, yet another Five Night at Freddy's game, so this was certainly a surprise! No, let's change that to a ""pleasant"" surprise, as the good news is that this is easily the best Freddy's game since 3, and by far the freshest and funniest entry in the series since the first.But do we actually want our horror games to be ""funny""? Answer: only if they're also scary! Thankfully...this one is.Now, I know this franchise has an infamously, erm...""young"", and somewhat overzealous fan base. Truth be told, the average Freddy's fan is (correctly, as best as I can surmise) stereotyped as being about ten to fourteen years old, quite possibly female, and not someone who is usually a fan of horror games. It's my opinion that this isn't necessarily the first game's fault: it was clever, full of character, fairly original, and actually one of the ""scariest"" games which I, as a fortysomething year-old horror-obsessed adult male, have ever played.The key to this scare factor was suspense, plain and simple. I've actually gotten quite tired of late with explaining to people that the much-loathed ""jump scare"" only works if it's preceded by suspense. The suspense in this instance is intact, if not quite at the pressure-cooker level of the first Freddy's. This is partly due to the fact that, instead of a lengthy, sustained single location situation with consistent mechanics, this Freddy's is more like a series of shorter mini-games with slightly differing mechanics, moving between different locations as different ""technical problems"" arise within the game's more futuristic setting.Obviously, this new approach has both its benefits and shortcomings. On the plus side, the gameplay is certainly more varied. On the downside, the suspense comes in short bursts, and that old feeling of ""♥♥♥♥ me, five minutes in, if I don't survive the next two minutes it's all the way back to the start of the level"" is evidently lost. But the suspense is still pretty thick, and the jump scares as effective as ever.Unfortunately, the difficulty factor is as ruthless as it ever was, and while the first two Nights are pretty easy-going, by the third I managed to reach a point where the game decides to ""compensate"" for the abovementioned lack of lengthy waits between checkpoints by making you do multiple mini-games in a row, each at least a couple of minutes long in its own right.If there's one thing which ♥♥♥♥♥ me in the gaming world, it's having to re-do ""bits"" which I've already conquered. So yet again, it's looking questionable whether I'm going to have the patience to see this one through to the end. I have a sneaking suspicion, however, that the die-hard Freddy-philes won't have that same problem, seeing what a relentlessly loyal bunch they are.An easy recommendation, then, for hardcore FNAF fans. For everyone else, well, if you didn't enjoy any earlier games you might enjoy this one, but I wouldn't fancy the chances. To me, it's yet another quality game from Scott Cawthon - and a huge improvement over the massively disappointing Freddy's 4 - but he's yet to top the first one in my humble opinion. Full points, though, for changing it up quite a bit, while still maintaining at least most of the elements which have made the franchise so stupendously popular.Verdict: 8.5/10."
,Recommended,506610,28628775,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BetaFish,"A very good game, only the difficulty is kinda wavy. SPOILERS AHEAD:Night 1: Far too easy, you don't do anything ; Night 2: Difficulty off the scale with ballora trying to catch you, if you don't have VERY high quality gear, you can't even hear her ; Night 3: Again, too easy. ; Night 4: Difficulty OFF THE SCALE with those annoying Minireenas coming at you from all sides ; Night 5: You don't do anything, you only hear baby guide you through everything. Minigame (for 2nd Star) You spend about 2 minutes figuring out how to do it, but the hard part is actually doing it. Ennard Boss Fight: Same as Night 2Pros:No lagPleasant graphics3D rooms very well doneAmazing StorylineCustom NightAwesome SoundsImmersive gameplayCons:Minigames are a painDifficulty changing frequentlyI recommend it! BUT you should consider some high-quality headphones for this, if you don't have any i find that FNaF 1 and 3 are better for you."
,Recommended,506610,30201008,Posted: 26 February,all,Bonnie Gumball,I am one of the biggest fnaf geeks ever and this game was my most favorite out of them all!! it was absolutely fantastic!  atmosphere was very creepy and the voice acting was beutiful! i love how the game was a free roam! i had so much fun playing this! the day it can out was one of the best days of my life! :D
76561198112755599,Recommended,506610,26329492,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Literal Cancer,"Pros: Night 1, 2, 3, 5A lot of good story and intrigueCons: Night 4"
,Recommended,506610,25908846,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Bakk - Yernemm,"Much better than the previous ones, it's clear that more effort was put into this as there's more new gameplay mechanics. I have only completed the first two nights so far but it seems to be actually interesting.New features/improvements:CutscenesVoice acting for animatronicsMultiple voice-acted charactersMore interesting hidden lore/story. The Game Theorists might go back to FNAF because of this.The nightly shifts are not timed (at least not in the first two nights so far), but instead require you to complete certain tasks.You are able to actually move around the whole place, without being restricted to one room.Gameplay that involves more than just shutting doors your room.Combines a lot of the good gamepla elements from previous FNAF games, like having to listen for sound, looking at the map, etc.Has a funny cutscene after completing each shift, which gives a 'comic relief' element for completing a night.It seems to have checkpoints. I died once and the game restarted from just before I died, without having to do the whole shift again.Does not feel 'recycled' like most of the sequels to the original FNAF.https://youtu.be/yZpU4dcv3k4"
76561198170161419,Recommended,506610,26755510,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Daft,"Well Scott, let me say you have outdone yourself on this one! This isn't like any other FNAF game where you stay in an office until 6 AM. This game allows you to go to multiple rooms and for once, you don't have to watch the robots. You actually get to interact with them! You get to fix Funtime Freddy, pass Ballora though the Ballora Gallery, and pass though the Funtime autitorium! So that's why i give this game a 10/10. Keep up the great work, Scott! (I maybe made some spelling mistakes, but i don't care)"
76561198183043426,Recommended,506610,29287740,Posted: 15 January,all,mjwangen,"My thoughts on the game.Night 1: Easy.Night 2: Kinda hard.Night 3: Not that hard.Night 4: Living hell.Night 5 (Real Ending): Easy.Night 5 (Fake Ending): Well, I know what hell is like now."
,Recommended,506610,25906686,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Jake Paul,"Scott clearly put more effort into it this time-cutscenes,voice acting,more detail into the graphics and movment system ect."
,Recommended,506610,25940156,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Windows Macbook,"After beating all 5 nights, I can safely say that this is the best FNAF game yet. The gameplay is different every night, the voice actors are great, the humour is amazing, and it's an all around good game. Night 4, even with the patch, is still the hardest main game night in the FNAf series, but it was a very good game and I enjoyed every bit of it!"
,Not Recommended,506610,26024467,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Marsdarth,i am fully deaf. i dont know what do in that game becuase hearing friend said that someone on speaker and tell you what do in there. i cant understand them and i keeping failing in there. PLEASE add subtitle on this game and other 4 five night at freddy's games for deaf player  PLEASE???
,Recommended,506610,25918124,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Oneupgamer,it's VERY different from the other FNAF games. It honestly doesn't play much like the other ones. It's much more complex in design and mechanics. It put me off initially but once you get into it it's still a very fun and incredibly creepy game. For a simple horror experience go with the other FNAF games (FNAF 4 is my personal fav of the original series.) But if you want something with a little more kick. This is the game for you.
76561198253469869,Recommended,506610,33895180,Posted: 29 July,all,CptHalloWEEEE,"This game was a surprise when it came out. All of Scott's game envolved being stuck in a office with the same purpose. Heck, 2 games both had the same main function. However, this game has changed that.First, let's start with the positives.You get to do something new at every night which is original of Scott.There are voice actors which makes the game more terrifying. (I'm looking at you, Freddy!)Character designs are original, no everyday wear and tear animatronics.Free roam is a first for an official FNaF game.Now, my least favourite part, the negatives.There are the average clipping that Scott's placed in animations.The custom night isn't really custom to your own. For example, there are only challenges.Funtime Foxy has no voice actor.Baby doesn't have a jumpscare.Jumpscares are the same.Free roam is like zooming in while tilting an image.Ballora's design is...questionable.Overall, this is the 2nd best FNaF game Scott has done. I've gotta stick with FNaF 2 as the #1 FNaF game though because 11 animatronics makes it a real challenge."
,Recommended,506610,26315252,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Meat Man #TeamReBeL,"THIS.It's amazing.In the first 4 FNaF games, the gameplay was slightly repetitive (sitting in an area unable to really go anywhere). In the first 3 games, you were in an office with cameras. The fourth changed it up a bit with sound cues, but not much changed.enter SL.the game has voice acting, (but not for Funtime Foxy because Scott's a troll like that) and it's really good.Funtime Freddy sounds a bit like junkrat from Overwatch, which nobody probably expected. The Bidybabs sound like children, and only speak in a whisper. There's also Ballora and Baby. Baby speaks softly, while Ballora always sings.The gameplay itself is really just minigames, but it manages to be fun and scary. If you disliked the first 4 for the gameplay, play this one. It's barely a FNaF game. You don't have freeroam, but you can walk around like in FNaF 4, except there are more areas."
,Not Recommended,506610,25948321,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Bonnielicious,"… Where do I start?So, here we are, the oh-so-hyped Sister Location. What people have been waiting for so long, after a moderately commendable trailer. New faces, more advanced movement mechanics, familiar yet different setting. A good show of promise...Too bad you aren’t free to taste them out properly.I was always skeptical about SL being a good fifth game in the series (counting out World which doesn’t really adhere to the horror formula).In fact, I was absolutely happy with FNAF 4 being the last chapter. It was clear enough there was no more space for new content, and it was right and legit that way.Now, I’ll be as fair as possible: it could’ve been much worse than how it turned out to be. The voice acting is a fine addition, one that I’m sure would’ve worked out nicely in the classics as well. The graphics have definitely improved, and the fact there’s a certain degree of additional player/animatronic animation makes the game feel more alive and immersive at times. The new story content also helps up clear out some lore matters and doesn’t just clutter it with more questions like some of the others did.The problem is: as a player you aren’t given the chance to really enjoy what’s new. Sister Location takes a different turn compared to the classics, and decides to focus on a narrative playstyle, telling the player a story, making them win against some challenges, and then treating them to an ending. It’d be nice, if the game didn’t basically become an interactive short movie with no further reason to play it but to “rewatch”.Aside from two challenges the game imposed, one of them being optional even, the rest of the game felt led and granted. As I found out later, there were many more ways to die than I experienced for myself, and that fact is kind of baffling by itself, because the game was practically playing itself in those phases. I technically shouldn’t even worry about spoiling anything because I’m pretty sure everybody already spoiled all by themselves, but anyway...The two challenges that I feel do some justice to the series are Night 4, and the secret Night 5 alternate ending:Night 4 offered an original challenge, a mix between the FNaF 2 music box management (multiplied by 10) and a new, never previously seen in the series threat, involving shaking off some ballerina midgets. Despite a certain degree of frustration coming from the sudden difficulty spike this night imposed compared to the previous, I can say it was definitely the type of challenge I was expecting more from a FNaF game, instead of hiding under a desk and holding M1 to survive, or pressing W at regular intervals to avoid being killed by the least sneaky robot in the universe,  slowly and boringly repairing the building’s system while being harassed by an outrageously dumb Funtime Freddy (props for the voice acting though), or, walking at a depressingly slow speed towards the goal while having to stop too often to spam a flash to check that Funtime Foxy isn’t having an epilepsy attack in front of you, or even more... uh, pressing buttons in a guided sequence on Freddy’s fat face and having to play an annoying (and from what I’ve been told, lethal?) hide and seek with a head-sized puppet rabbit, somehow able to move as if he had legs.And then there’s the secret Night 5 holdout. Clear reference to FNaF 1 and 3 (and... I guess 4 too at this point). Power and time management, door action... yeah, that kind of stuff. And it’s glorious in its own way, backed up by an amazing background music, deserving to be assigned to what is in fact, you could say, a Final Boss (and I feel it’d go perfectly in a movie), and an excellent sense of impending doom helped by the unnerving noises and voice of the enemy, completed by a rapidly escalating difficulty, not comparable to the infamous 4/20, 10/20, and Aggressive Nightmare modes found in the other classics, but still absolutely dreadful. While it’s a bit annoying that dying will take you back to the start of the Night, I suppose it deserves some credit as an entertaining phase overall.All in all, I felt great disappointment in playing this game, which had such a promising start, only to wear you out with boringchores, only to give you an actual challenge in the end, just to realize you’ve come this far for a downer ending(or, in case you’re getting the Fake Ending... uh... I’m not sure how to describe it, really).Now uhm... I’ve been harsh, but you’ll notice I haven’t called the game “crap”. No, it’s yet far from that. Sister Location is a smart product that lends itself to be listened to at the very least. From Sister Location we do see that there’s been a good effort to explain several doubts imposed by previous titles, without revealing much in a clear way, to leave the typical aura of mystery the series has been known for, without becoming excessively illogical.And that said: It’s sad there’s only the Thumbs Up or Down choice in this case. I can’t really say Yes or No, at least as a long time fan of the series, because what this game lacks in gameplay, it has in storytelling.Sister Location unlocks the potential the classics had and never used, and loses the potential used by them. We could say it’s almost the polar opposite, barring out the creepiness factor.TL;DR:Pros:-	Great Voice Acting-	Decent full HD rendering, with better animation level.-	Allows for a decent immersion-	Not just jumpscares-	Story. Story, story, storyCons:-	Poor gameplay, with what’s good being either too short and frustrating-	Even more of a Youtube game than ever before-	Movement is an unnecessary illusion, acts as filler (vents) and boring challenge (Auditoriums)-	Degradation of humour level.7/10: Enjoyable (6/10: Passable before Custom Night Edit)Exceptional potential, mostly wasted in attempting to become a mashup of a puzzleless Amnesia, Outlast and FNAF. Full interactivity was the base of the sense of freedom FNAF granted. Sister Location’s content is sadly limited by unskippable dialogues, frustrating failure punishment, and Exotic Butters. Much more could’ve been done, but this cow has been milked dry long ago, apparently.Pity. However, Peace.I love getting dislikes for a review just because it's a Not Recommended over a product where the popular opinion says ""Yes"" when they haven't even read it. Always nice to be right about the average human intelligence.Custom Night EditAs it's surely known to most, if not all fans, the very anticipated Custom Night has now been released. And it didn't convince me much.I don't want to offend our local little zealots' feelings, so I'll put this stuff into spoilers.The basic structure reminds of FNaF1/2, complete with preset challenges that will activate certain animatronics to make particular ""teams"".There are 3 entrances and the option to shock some of the enemies.Gender Joke about Funtime Foxy. Everyone knows they're a Yes.Some of the animatronics present in the Custom Night never appeared in the base game. I'm not even gonna wonder where they came from, but I'll give this choice a 50/50. Somebody desperately wanted to reach number 10.The bad: there is nothing custom. You have two choices. Challenge and Difficulty, ranging among 10 challenges and 4 difficulties for each of them. You cannot manually set each animatronic to your liking, but you have to follow the presets, whether you like it or not.The good: further lore explanations, and actual answers on who PG really is.Still disappointed.Prepare for FNaF 6 or something..."
,Recommended,506610,25922583,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,UtterTrash,"This game is great. The plot is creepy, the movement is awesome, animation is super and voice acting is great. The game itself is pretty hard. I found myself being stuck at night 3 and night 4 because of how hard it is. Night 4 is CRAZY HARD. I recommend that it is changed so over half of the people who bought it actually can beat it. Other than that I recommend this game to anyone who loves a good scare."
76561198256102301,Recommended,506610,28988098,Posted: 3 January,all,EliminationYT,"Five Nights at Freddy's SISTER LOCATION was a big change from FNAF 1-4The story is just awesome, you don't have to be in the room just waiting until you get killed or win.You ACTUALLY have to do stuff (What a workout)Night 1: PfftNight 2: WELL OKAY THEN... Dat is a big change...Night 3: Pfft.Night 4: Just quit the job already, what is taking so long?!Night 5: (Fake Ending): Grrrrr..... (Real Ending): Pfft...This game was AWESOME! And I cannot wait for the next one to come!"
,Recommended,506610,32652730,Posted: 22 June,all,Freddy Fazbear,"The game is really cool, If you are a fan of this game, you'll not be disappointed."
,Recommended,506610,29691600,Posted: 4 February,all,Kermit from Thneedville,"Wow, Scott! I expect great from you, but you REALLY delivered on this! Well done! It was an enjoyable and fun experience, with all the creepy characters and hilarious humor! The Custom Night update was also a good experience.PROS:- The soundtrack for the game is well composed and sounds awesome too.- Humor is top-notch.- A different experience every night, which is a fantastic change.- All the voice actors fit their character well and do a good job portraying them.- The game is less focused on jumpscares and more on creepiness, which is great.- Wonderful throwback to FNAF 1 in the secret ending.- Ennard is a goddamn walking spaghetti monster.- This game has a Custom Night, which hasn't been in the games for since FNaF 3.- Story is good, as always.- The cutscenes at the end of each night are the best.- HandUnit is the most hilarious.CONS:- The game is shorter then I expected.- Animatronic appearences are unbalanced. (eg. Baby got less showtime then Funtime Freddy.)- You can't really customize on Custom Night.- There is only one playable minigame in the entire game. (The Custom Night ones don't count.)Overall, This game is a solid 9/10 for me!"
,Recommended,506610,25913843,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,👾 🅼 🅰❎ツ,The game is different than previous ones.It introduce more story and game mechanics have been changed. It feels more like an interactive horror story. There have been put more effort into voice acting. Still it will be nice to see improvement in graphics and better support for higher resolution setups.
76561198310351827,Recommended,506610,30876755,Posted: 1 April,all,Nether Dude,A very unique fnaf game that takes each fnaf game and adds it into one amazing game!
,Recommended,506610,25932813,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Dragon Breath,Pros: GameCons: Fanbase
76561198201881625,Recommended,506610,33015647,Posted: 29 June,all,MonsterGamer,"Great game! Night 4 is too hard though, but still reccomend it!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,506610,25920712,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ggdograa,"Thumbs up if you're a fan of the series, thumbs down if not, because this one probably won't win you over. It's easily the best game in the series since the first game, with a lot more environments to explore, but it's still very much a case of RNG and trial and error.At the time of this review the 4th night is arguably broken and many people are encountering a glitch that makes it impossible to even finish the 2nd night, so keep that in mind if purchasing. However, this is a good game for Halloween and it's cheap and simple to play, but it's still just another entry in a tired series.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSn8Zo58oyc"
76561198332620992,Recommended,506610,33726807,Posted: 22 July,all,SkippyDipper_,"I would suggest playing fnaf 3 first, before all these games. The Jumpscares are more Intensified in this game so be warned at the start of this game when it says high pitch screaming and lots of jumpscares, Scott Cawthon wasnt messing around when he made this game."
76561198335833528,Recommended,506610,31571160,Posted: 5 May,all,WolfieGamer05,"Sister Location is a very different game from the other Five Nights at Freddy's games. I enjoy the fact that you can now ""interact"" with the animatronics and can move around. I also enjoy the new voices that are now here. It makes me, and probably others, feel like they are apart of the game.  I am hoping there will be more Five Nights at Freddy's to come!"
,Recommended,506610,25930193,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,YuB,"Instead of another ""sit and wait simulator"" this is a full-blown point & click adventure, and it rules.https://youtu.be/-IWbtTfgst4"
76561198140970302,Recommended,506610,28311366,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,#FiveNightsOnly,"The game ""Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location"" as we know it is (at least for the majority of people) very popular. I for one am one of those people who absolutely adores SL. I HIGHLY recommend it because it has all good horror game elements, good animatronic models, and even BETTER voice acting!!! I'm very pleased with Scott Cawthon's newest creation FNaF SL, and I recommend it for everyone!"
,Recommended,506610,34429439,Posted: 22 August,all,AliceDon'tCare,"Well, I feel that this FNaF game which has more tasks, it's scary, hard, and the most puzzling considering Circus Baby's backstory! Though even with Scott's patch, I am still having trouble with Night 4. Even so the game is amazing with the multiple secrets and easter eggs, and i'm glad that you aren't sitting in an office/bedroom looking left and right.PROS:Great gameplayAmazing design and conceptSuper scaryCONS:Night 4 IS HARD AS HELL"
76561198295739861,Recommended,506610,33118423,Posted: 2 July,all,terminating turtel,hey guys when in the elevator on night 1 type in the code on the panel 1983 and it will crash your game.i dont know if it just me or something but it is a really good game anyway
,Recommended,506610,34741452,Posted: 4 September,all,IViPer.,"Very good game, more content than all FNaFs together. Sometimes difficult, but that doesn't encourages me to quit."
76561198348860683,Recommended,506610,29567681,Posted: 29 January,all,Emzie13,It is a very good game but it is very hard to complete im stuck on night 3
,Recommended,506610,28341608,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,rhonda_laub,"I absolutely ADORE this game, and its entire franchise! Scott you have done it again! This entire game is just a magnifecient work of insanity! I love insanity. I also REALLY REALLY LOVE Funtime Freddy's voice! Graphics are great, ambience is great, audio is great, everything is great! I love it!"
,Recommended,506610,29984786,Posted: 17 February,all,Centauri,"I have been waiting for Sister Location for a while now... and it was worth it! I have loved the Five Nights At Freddy's series ever since I was introduced to it in 2014. I love how the game is very unique compared to usual Horror/Survival games, and I also love the story! Would recomend to anyone who loves horror and mystery."
,Recommended,506610,25981259,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,★  ジュナイパー ★,"Probably my favorite game of the whole series. Voice acting added a lot to the game as it gave more depth to the characters. Each night has you doing tasks instead of what 1-4 did with sitting still and surviving, and each task is different from the last,so no task will be repeated. A point of advice from me for people playing this game is that night 4 is extremely tough. To be frank,it is the hardest night I've ever done in a FNAF game,right up there with 20/20/20/20 mode in FNAF 1. My advice is to be patient at doing night 4,and you will pull through and beat it :). A small complaint I have is about the ingame cursor. A lot of times when I let my mouse sit still, the ingame cursor would move by itself(which may or may not be because of the kind of mouse I use). This isn't a huge deal, but can be very annoying on things that require precision, like night 4 and the keypad task on night 5. I easily found a solution,but I think it might need a patch. Regardless of my night 4 troubles, I enjoyed the game a ton, and I hope Scott makes more of these types of FNAF games. 10/10 from me :)"
76561198148607084,Recommended,506610,29769668,Posted: 7 February,all,ACC@7568,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
,Not Recommended,506610,25910716,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Gembert,"Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location is the 6th installment in the FNaF franchise, and boy does it show it's age.The game starts with a little intro cutscene, that seems like a nice little animation, until the game outright says he is implimenting a NON-CANON character from FNaF: Silver Eyes into the main story-line.No new character, no new story, he's just ripping a character from an old work and shoving it into a new game.The gameplay is as follows, you get lowered in an elevator, get a very cliche auto voice system talking to you, and then he asks you to input your name, music choice, voice choice, etc into a keypad.As being a FNaF game, the outcome is a 13 year old cliche, no matter what you do, you CAN'T use the keypad.You have to just click on the pad, and get a preset option.There's no chosing what you want, no actual choice of what to do, it's all scripted (and yes, Clickteam CAN do optional events).The gameplay is very different, taking away from the normal sit n' survive mechanics..but not in a good way.You go around the facility doing multiple things on the first night, which takes about 4 minutes to do if you don't pause and look around at all the blury .PNG images.When the night is over, you get to watch this little cutscene of your character watching a sitcom about Dracula refusing to be the father of some random ladys child.This little scene is entertaining at first, as you can just spam eat popcorn, but it just gets really bland after a while.The next nights are summed up like this -Night 2: Go to Baby's room, and hold a desk door closed.If it opens up, you die.You then are told that the automatic voice system is against you, wanting you to die (something that has been done since 1996).You are then informed to go through Belora's vent, where if you move while she is near (indicated by her music), you will die.This wouldn't be so bad, if it actually worked.I would die so many times regardless of there being music or not, and I could even sprint at times with the music at full volume, and survive!When you get to the ""breaker room"" on the other side of the vent, you need to reset systems while at the same time not letting 'Funtime Freddy' get you. You do this by playing; what seems to be a recording of a child, out loud.Every time you reset one of the systems, Freddy will have moved (or not), and you must play the tape over and over to move him back.You CANNOT stop halfway into the repair, making this part of the game very tedious in that, you have no idea if he's at his stage, or about to pop up in your face. If you stop the repair, it instantly sets back to 0%.After you spend the 10 minutes it takes to do that area, you turn around to leave.In this part of the night, Balora directly talks stating that she knows something is there, but later brushing it off if you are careful enough.One thing I will say about this game, is the voice acting is PHENOMINAL.I can actually put these voices with the robots, and they make sense!The main character of the game (Baby), is a VERY old cliche, being as it is the only robot that doesn't want you dead.She will give you little tips throughout the night, IF you go to see her.There were times when the game outright said not to go see her, but without seeing her I'd have no idea what to do.The story is very poorly written, and there's even evidence in the game to support that the entirety of FNaF4 was a simulation.That can...kill you if you die in it?Operation Anchorage?The ending is laughable, it's just another cliche that Baby was evil the entire time.Then there's a setup for a sequel.This game is terrible, don't buy it."
,Recommended,506610,25916060,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,🐉BonkLiamPotter™🐉,Scott i was gonna expect this to be another terrible fnaf game but Nope it had a great story it wasnt a kinda click and you know game. So Great JobI Give This a 8/10
,Recommended,506610,28880958,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The Misty Mew,"If you're a fan of the series, FNaF: Sister Location is a great addition to it! It's a lot more quirky and unique than the other games in the franchise thanks to its voice acting, and while I personally don't think it's nearly as scary as the previous games, specifically 1 and 4, I do think it's worth playing. If you're new to the series, it's alright to start with this game. It's much more polished than the others, despite being less scary. Overall, I enjoyed it. It's fun to play, and can be fairly challenging, especially with the new custom night!"
,Recommended,506610,29680004,Posted: 3 February,all,lol lucky-cases.com,"Oooooooohhhh!Who lives in an apartment and watches t.v.?Eggs Benedict!!Along with his friend, The Angsty Teen?Eggs Benedict!!If exotic butters is something you wish....Eggs Benedict!!Then drop to the floor, and crawl through the vents!!Eggs Benedict!!Eggs Benedict!Eggs Benedict!Eggs Ben-edict!! HAHAHAHAHA toodleydoodoodoodoodo﻿"
,Recommended,506610,29729409,Posted: 5 February,all,☆GageTheGamer☆,"Amazing! It is so different from the rest of the series, and it brings you a newer vibe. It kinda gives a new look to the Five Nights at Freddy's franchise if that makes sense. Love how detailed everything is, and the voice actors are such cool people! Scott, you blew me away with this game. Keep it up, sir!"
76561198334772161,Recommended,506610,25936871,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,south cross,"what most is impressive about this game is that it includes every element that the past fnafs had and some that did not, the game even being shorter than the other 4 has its own science and let me explain you why it is such a big concept for the game.starting with the elements that were included in the last games:the intersting part is that the game is including  all past game mechanics in difrent parts of it:the first aspect is on night 2 where you have to sneak up on the ballora gallery to pass to the other side, the aspect in this part is listening, most likely from FNAF 4, you have to hear if its safe to advance due to hearing how close and loud her sound is, similar to fnaf 4 again.next is the breaker room, in this place the challenge is to restart the power on all rooms in the map and at the same time control fun time freddy not to murder you by USING sound, not listening, this part is similar to FNAF 3`s mechanic of maintaning the facility and distracting springtrap with sounds but in a much easier way, it also includes a little reference of the camera function on the first 2 games, witch is nice.next is on night 3 on the funtime auditorium you again have to pass trough the room with a flash beacon and pass to the next room, with that you need to use your flashlight to make foxy go away, very similar to the FNAF 2`s mechanic of keeping (not so coincidentaly) foxy away with your flashlight, but now you have no other light sources and you have no ♥♥♥♥ing idea what you are doing.next part witch is probably my favourite is the mantenance room beacause it gets most of players, it first tells you to press an amount of buttons on freddy`s face to open it (sounds really weird) and when less expected a jumpscare comes out when freddy`s face opens rapidly, it uses FNAF 3`s way of jumpscaring the player without killing them, after you have to open his chest witch leads to another weaker jumpscare, you then remove some type of power template (im not sure) to deactivate him, it then tells you to do the same on the bonnie hand puppet but when you look to the left, its gone, this is my favourite moment beacause it always get people off guard and lead them in confusion and panic as they desesperatly search for bonnie, to catch him you have to point your flash to a corner of the screen and slowly raise it to the opposite side and WAIT for bonnie to slowly move up and catch him, this type of mechanic does not look familiar to any of the 4 games but if you think about it it is the FUN WITH PLUSHTRAP mechanic of waiting for your target to then catch it on the spot!and then night 4 where you have to defend yourself against the minireenas and unluck the spring locks to escape the suit  but you also have to check both sides and keep the minirinas (those freaks) away by wiggling when they are crawling on the left or right side, sounds familiar? if it doesnt, know that this is the  FNAF 1 AND 2`s mechanic of checking and clearing two sides at the same time as you take care of important chores for your survival.those are the only recognised game mechanics so far, now onto the aspects that were NOT present in the past games and were included in this one:first is the humor, that is a great plus that has been lacking in the previous games and actually got a lot of people including me with ironic sitituationsanother important thing that was included in this game is not having any time objective (with exeption of night 4), you can stay on the same spot forever that either you will die or nothing will happen, that way the player doesnt need to have a stress about the time left beacause they dont know when the shift will end.next and probably the most important aspect is PATIENCE. Something that was needed for a game like fnaf. In the past 4 games, it could be noted that the played is being overwhelmed beacause they had to do things as fast as possible, if you try to rush on this game, you`ll die.onto the downsides:-game is too short and should be charged for a smaller amount of money-the popcorn stuff between nights is not just badly animated but weird and desnecessary too.-again the game is too short, maybe there could be a 6th night or somehow a chapter selection so you dont need to restart the whole game just to play that one part you wanted to.-please make achievments for this and other fna games, they feel much more rewarding."
,Recommended,506610,33394515,Posted: 8 July,all,Cupcake The Bunny,this is a really good game bad thing your not making fnaf anymore you would get  more support and more money
76561198279740933,Recommended,506610,28291989,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,imgurepicosity,10/10 Loved it.
76561198115677961,Recommended,506610,26205444,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Waluigi,"This is one of my favourate FNAF games, well done on the Character voices."
76561198335726009,Recommended,506610,32087342,Posted: 31 May,all,The Nerd,"I liked this game because it had great progression, and it was fun trying to discover all of the game's secrets. I recommend this game to any fan of horror games."
,Recommended,506610,33802577,Posted: 25 July,all,Pres,"★★★★★Unlike the other FNaF games where you gotta do the same boring ""Fend off until 6 AM routine"" this game gives you a bunch of tasks to proceed making it more challenging, not very scary but still a little bit more scarier and way much more better than the last FNaF games.Also yeah, yeah I know you gotta do the 6 AM Routine with Ennard but that's different and totally separate or whatever."
76561198145340612,Recommended,506610,27549205,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RonaldMCDoob,Great game! Totally different from the previous game. Totally unexpected!
76561198336915986,Recommended,506610,30004785,Posted: 18 February,all,MiszczU,The best fnaf game i EVER played!!!
,Recommended,506610,31028703,Posted: 8 April,all,|-TxT-| Oziek,"About characters;Bon Bon appearance:Its physical design is similar to Bonnie from the first game and its color design is similar to Toy Bonnie from the second game, sporting red rosy cheeks. It is colored a brilliant blue with turquoise on its stomach, paws, muzzle and the insides of its ears. Like its original counterpart it also wears a red bow-tie. Similar to its appearance from the second game it wears a single black button in the middle of its chest. Its eyes are purple in color. Some say it has a strong resemblance with Adventure Bonnie from FNAF World.Bon-Bon stands at about 1.7 ft tall. This makes Bon-Bon tied with Bonnet for the smallest animatronic in Sister Location.Role In Sister LocationIn Night 2 in the Breaker Room, the player uses the space button to activate mascot response audio. This is Bon-Bon talking to Funtime Freddy, telling him to ""calm down"", and assuring him that he is worrying about nothing. This causes Funtime Freddy to be less aggressive towards the player.In Night 3 there is a point in which the player will need to press a button under Bon-Bon's bowtie. However, the puppet will detach and sneak around Funtime Freddy's body. If you do not press its button in time Bon-Bon will jumpscare and kill the player.Bon-Bon is last seen on Night 5 in the Scooping Room. However its endoskeleton has been removed, leaving only its inanimate shell.Bon-Bon also appears in Custom Night, attacking the player according to Funtime Freddy's audio cues.Circus Baby appearance:“	Graphic designed animatronic child wearing red dress, red shoes, and holding a red microphone.	”Circus Baby is an animatronic with red pigtails, a red dress and a small red nose. She appears to have pins or antennae sticking out of her arms and legs, and her skirt in the trailer. She also holds a microphone, similar to Funtime Freddy. There is a fan on her stomach for unknown reasons. She is also wearing jester shoes that have little, golden bells resting at the tips.Some say she resembles a clown. Her facial features include a pale face, long eyelashes, rosy cheeks, ruby lips, a red nose, and bright green eyes.Like the other animatronics in Sister Location, Circus Baby's endoskeleton consists of a combination of both robotic parts and thick, metal, tube-like wires that are arranged to form what almost looks like a layer of muscle tissue.Circus Baby is 7.2 ft tall, shown in her blueprint, making her taller than the other animatronics. It also shows on her blueprint that she weighs 585 lbs.Role in Sister LocationCircus Baby is only seen once in the game, except for on posters and on the final night, in which she sends the player to the Scooping Room. However, she does speak to the player for a large portion of the game, serving both as a guide and a storyteller of the incident involving William Afton's daughter, explaining how she was killed.Circus Baby appears to express concern for the player. However, this was a ruse to get the player to the Scooping Room so that she and the other animatronics could escape as Ennard inside the player's corpse. This is most likely due to the mistreatment and imprisonment of all the animatronics in the Sister Location, who repeatedly display rebellious behavior in response to the electric shocks they receive. Circus Baby also mentions that previous escape attempts were made, but escape is impossible without a suitable human disguise.Funtime Freddy appearance:“	FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY'S Graphic designed animatronic bipedal white bear with mauve accents, Freddy Fazbear, wearing black top-hat, bow-tie, and holding handpuppet.	”Funtime Freddy's design is very similar to Freddy from the second game with a metal suit, blue eyes, thinner eyebrows, wearing a top hat, black bowtie, and two black buttons on his chest. He is a white/purple bear animatronic, far different from his counterparts. The light-purple color is featured on his stomach, shoulders, elbows, knees, insides of his ears, cheeks, eye-sockets, a stripe from his top hat, thighs, knuckles from his left hand, and the top areas from both feet. His left hand has five fingers and holds a microphone with a purple handle. He does not have a right hand, his right arm ending instead in Bon-Bon like a hand-puppet. Like Funtime Foxy, he sports a circular speaker located under his bowtie.Unlike other animatronics from the game, outside of Funtime Freddy's endoskeleton head are metallic ""face-plates"" looking identical to his actual face. His endoskeleton face is much flatter with the muzzle and jaw being less wider than the ""suit"" head itself. There is also a grey circle printed on the middle of the endoskeleton chest.Ballora appearance:“	FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY'S Graphic designed dancer, Ballora with blue accents, and purple tuto.	”Out of all animatronics in the series, Ballora is likely the most human-like animatronic yet. Resembling an actual ballerina, she wears a blue bikini and a purple tutu decorated with golden orbs. She has pink rosy cheeks with matching lipstick, blue hair, and blue nails. Her eyebrows are thin and colored in light-blue. She wears golden pearl-shaped earrings, and a pearl tiara atop her head, making her one of the most decorated characters in the series.In most of her appearances in the game, Ballora stands in a pose with her hands above her head, and has her eyes closed. However, her eyes have been shown occasionally, and are very small with purple irises. Her eyelids are blue-colored sporting long eyelashes as well.Bidybab appearance“	FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY'S Graphic designed dancer, Ballora with blue accents, and purple tuto.	”Out of all animatronics in the series, Ballora is likely the most human-like animatronic yet. Resembling an actual ballerina, she wears a blue bikini and a purple tutu decorated with golden orbs. She has pink rosy cheeks with matching lipstick, blue hair, and blue nails. Her eyebrows are thin and colored in light-blue. She wears golden pearl-shaped earrings, and a pearl tiara atop her head, making her one of the most decorated characters in the series.In most of her appearances in the game, Ballora stands in a pose with her hands above her head, and has her eyes closed. However, her eyes have been shown occasionally, and are very small with purple irises. Her eyelids are blue-colored sporting long eyelashes as well."
,Recommended,506610,29998841,Posted: 17 February,all,Wheeos,Great game i give an A+ for this game not like others and also i realy like how your able to move around it adds a hole diffret backround to the game! the only part that i dont like about it is that sometimes it gets way to brutavely negative comeone eating a child now thats what i call bruetevtly negative.
,Recommended,506610,25968777,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,XJ126 (Mate),"The latest installation of the Five Nights series is a complete turnaround from the original formula. No longer are you chained to a single room looking through cameras at still, eerie animatronics as a nightguard. Rather you are a technichian at one of Fazbear's sister locations (hence the name of the game) and you have the privilege of getting up close and personal to the robotic menaces.Your task is to perform nighttime maintenance to the animatronics after their days are done, but not always will they cooperate. Each night functions differently from the last, and you won't know what to expect (this is ironic, since past FNaF games had identical nights). The suspension is built up pretty well, as you're forced into locations that make tensions rise as you expect a jumpscare or some sudden occurrence, yet jumpsacres are not all this game has to offer.This game is much more story-driven than past installments. It's not so much a game of trying to survive a night to try and unlock more of the story, it's more about experiencing the story as it's told to you in little bits.In my honest opinion, I like the direction Scott took in changing up the game altogether. It made things fresh, yet it's still similar enough to the original games to not feel too different.-ORIGINAL REVIEW-I get the sense that this game, out of all the FNaF games Scott has produced... is by far the best. Although I have not played as long as most people have on the game (just made it to night 5), I am still intrigued and want to play it more! I want to, unlike other FNaF games I've played, keep going with it.I'll probably update this review once I see more into the game. So far, it looks promising."
,Recommended,506610,34519139,Posted: 26 August,all,FlooberFleeper,"This is hands down the best fnaf game. amazing scares, funny humor, and a damn good soundtrack. please pick up this game."
76561198297208512,Not Recommended,506610,25909501,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,bubbbly_Salamander,"I played this game for around an hour so far and my emotions are mixed, i do enjoy the game, but more as a challenge then a horror game.The atmosphere is dark and creepy, but the game is filled with humor as well ruining the horror part of the game, Not only that but the mini games feel more frustrating then scary, the under the desk mechanic is creepy in the beginning but later on it just gets boring, and a bit amusing just closing the door as that little♥♥♥♥♥♥is trying to open the door.The ballerina is one of the few i actually found ""scary"" you had to take your time and really think about where she is, is she close or far away? it really did reminded of fnaf 4 which is personally find as my favorite part, i think hearing is scarier then seeing but sadly the ballerina mechanic is one of the easier things in the game.Then we have the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that is fun time Freddy's mechanic which is a mixture of fnaf 3's spingtrap with ""luring"" him away and the marionette winding up the box system, personally i found this one more frustrating then scary, you're supposed to be scared over the fact that he could hop onto your face any time, but that makes it just more annoying, you have to do everything in less then millisecond otherwise he will kill you, which gets more frustrating then scary.then we have fun time foxy's mechanic, i don't even want to talk about it, yes darkness can be scary, yes being unaware of your surroundings can be scary, but if you're in total darkness and just have a little flasher once in a hundred hours its just ♥♥♥♥ing stupid, you're♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥over the fact that if you flash that light too often the fox will pop out if you don't flash it you can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥and you will pump into the fox.so far i have played one hour and i don't really want to play this anymore, i wanted to be scared, i wanted something that will combine the glory of the old games in perfect terrifying harmony, but so far all i got was a eldritch abomination of what i remember from the older games.to sum it all up, if you want to play something and go trough a lot of tough mini games with a slight hint of horror then this is for you, but if you want something that will scare you then this isn't for you, unless cheap jump scares are enough for you."
76561198204232843,Recommended,506610,26092106,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Philisophical Pickle Cosby,"Wow, if I recomend any of these games, its this one. Its really good and filled with juicy lore."
,Recommended,506610,28089297,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Horseless Headless CD,"10/10. Great free roam game, not completely free roam though. Contains a giant chunk of the FNAF storyline. Can be disturbing."
,Recommended,506610,30575880,Posted: 17 March,all,YAYFNAFGAMER,"This I have to say is much, much, much, much, MUCH BETTER! The original FNAF games were great! But **THIS** one! Is legit!"
76561198250372508,Recommended,506610,31777630,Posted: 15 May,all,Sergey4skinner,Pretty good! Beat the game and custom nights. It was a good time listening to the hand unit and his humor. I enjoyed this personally. And all the voices. Probably the best game in the series to be honest!
76561198338886390,Recommended,506610,31053654,Posted: 9 April,all,Sullinn1090,this game is great i cant wait for more to come hopefully!!!
,Recommended,506610,26168497,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,FoxyDerPirateFox,"I find the game: Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location really good.Five Nights at Freddy's has always been my favorite game.What I find stupid: The Minigame is really difficult with the control and the cupcakes must be distributed correctly and exactly one second wasting.What is really cool is: The whole game actually, but I find most good that one has to crawl through the ventilation shafts to get room to space.Otherwise everything fits me.I find the game really cool.I'm looking forward to the Custom Night ."
,Recommended,506610,29014836,Posted: 4 January,all,☁️Nebula☁️,"Wow, great game Scott! This game completes many unanswered parts of the storyline, has new interesting characters and has a very good gameplay! Though i find it a bit weird to play a character which is still very mysterious and creepy as a character, who is apparently Michael Afton (or ""Purple Guy""). One of the most interesting characters in this game is probably Ennard, the mixed up animatronic who ""has a part of him in every body"". With research and noting theories of TheGameTheorists and Treesicle, Michael Afton (Purple Guy) isn't the one to commit murders but Ennard. SPOILERS AHEAD!!!At the ""real"" ending of Five Nights at Freddy's : Sister Location, we see that Ennard's plan was complete as he was able to enter our body after our skeleton was removed in the ""Scooping Room"". Why would i say that? Well, purple human eyes are EXTREMELY rare, and i think that animatronic eyes can be pretty much any color. But also, why purple as eyes? Is it a coincidence? I don't think so. Also, in custom nights, if you complete i think 6 nights on Very Hard, you get to see minigame-like cutscenes in which we see Michael Afton walking down his neighborhood while slowly turning into a purple creature which started to scare his neighbors, but on the 6th cutscene, we see that Michael (who is now fully purple) throws up animatronic pieces and then gets reanimated by the soul of Baby. But the only reason why Michael goes to work there, is that the little red haired, green eyed girl, who is probably his sister or daughter of Michael, gets killed by Baby, who had a malfunction in her programming. ""What was the malfunction?"" you may ask, well in FNAF World we see a cutscene in which Henry (the creator of the animatronics) dies while making a new animatronic, Baby. The malfunction in the programming was that Baby could only be friendly with groups of minimum 2 children, but when there was only one, Baby grabs and kills the child who is alone. And also, in the end of FNAF 4, the crying child gets bitten by FredBear in 1983, which was then called the ""Bite of '83"", was then told after his death by probably Michael or William, ""I will put you back together."" So then Michael was sent by his father to put them back together, to be reunited again. But then if you think about it, Michael's soul probably dies after he gets scooped and or repossessed by Baby, so his soul is probably reunited with his family.So even though the story is very good and complicated, it is still a good story and franchise. Last words.... I do recommend this game!"
76561198364086571,Recommended,506610,33188315,Posted: 3 July,all,Yuki Chan,"It is an amazing game! Its a little scary have 2 admit. Also if your wondering if i'll help you through the game, unfortunately I don't give any hints at all."
,Recommended,506610,26353925,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,3rik_L3tsPlays #BronyArmy,"This game is really cool.It has his own Story, and changes everything,what we knew about FIve Nights at Freddys.The price is also ok.The idea is awesome.Thank you Scott,Please make more games!"
,Not Recommended,506610,26018832,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,jcoll31,"DISCLAIMER: This is going to be a long review so if you don't like reading you can skip this one, and SPOILERS!!!!!!!!!Let me start off by saying I loved this series. I read the book, collected the merchandise, and consumed every theory video on Youtube like it was another clue to finding the Holy Grail. The story and the lore surrounding these games have been the focal point of my attention since the name ""Purple Guy"" was spoken into existence. I also have a tremendous amount of respect and admiration for Scott Cawthon. He has created one of the most successful independent game franchises to date, and it is in no small part to the hard work and dedication he has put into each FNaF game. Even after raising exactly $0 on Kickstarter for the original Five Nights at Freddy's he didn't give up, and his commitment has paid off. I truly think you would be hard pressed to find someone who is more devoted to their work than he is. His games have brought me more joy and entertainment than most AAA games that I own, and for that I say thank you Scott.Now we come to the reason I am writing this review, and I take no pleasure in writing these words. I genuinely hope that I am being naive and can look back at this review and say that I had no clue what I was talking about.Let me start by addressing the STORY of FNaF so far:It all started with the box at the end of FNaF 4. In it, Scott said were the pieces of the story put together. The box represented what the FNaF community had been longing for; closure. What happened next acted as the catalyst for my departure from the FNaF world. Scott decided that he didn't want to open the box because he wasn't sure if ""the community would accept it that way"". As the creator of the series I have to respect that decision, but I disagree with it wholeheartedly. It shows me one of two things. Either Scott didn't have confidence in how he ended the story up to that point, or he didn't think the FNaF community could handle the truth. Either way I feel like this was the wrong thing to do. To bring a fan base as dedicated and passionate as this one so close to having the answers they have spent countless hours trying to find is no way to repay them for making this franchise what it is. Again, Scott is the only one who knows the masterplan and I hope I can look back and say I was wrong.When I heard that Sister Location was being released, I was thrilled. I thought this might be the chance to finally have the answers to all of the questions we have been asking for so long. I couldn't have been more wrong. Instead what we received was a convoluted story that would take more of a stretch to connect to past FNaF games than even MatPat of Game Theory is capable of, and that's not even addressing how it answers almost none of the questions left behind by the past 4 FNaF games. Even if you took what this game did provide in the way of story for what it is and ignored the other 4 games, it still left me completely unsatisfied. Please Scott, I understand that you have more books coming and a potential FNaF movie being made, but if you keep overcomplicating the lore the way this game did you will be left with a fan base devoid of any motivation or energy to devote to this series. I know because I have reached that point.Now let's address the GAMEPLAY:Ask yourself this question. If you had no idea that this game was, in any way, related to the FNaF series would you enjoy playing it? Better yet, would you recommend it to someone else? I suggest you let your answers to those questions be your guide as you form your opinion about this game. Also, I am addressing Sister Location as a stand-alone game and will not compare it to the other FNaF games.The BAD:From a gameplay perspective, I didn't enjoy this game at all. The first night is literally following directions. That's it. For a game that consists of only five nights (If you count the hidden ending then you could say 5.5) to have 20% consist of clicking buttons when you're told to is disapointing from a player's point of view and poor design from a game making perspective. The rest of the game is, for lack of better terms, boring and frustrating. Night 2 is a glorified reskin of red light/green light and an exercise in holding down the mouse button to keep a door shut. Even the jump scares seem half-hearted. Night 3 consists of more ""clicking where the narrator tells you to"" and the most frustrating game of peek-a-boo I have ever played. Night 4 is essentially a game of ""pay attention to me"" with spring locks while shaking things off of your body, and is also one of the most frustrating things I have ever had to do in a video game.  I understand wanting the player to discover solutions organically and on their own, but when the gameplay is as frustrating as this it quickly becomes disheartening and an exercies in frustration. Night 5 is unfortunately more of the same, and is criminally short lived. When I was done, the only thing I said was ""That's it?"". The final scene of the game was also equally disapointing. Needless to say, this was one of the most disapointing endings to a game I have ever experienced. And those soap opera clips at the end of every night?? I pray that they are there to serve as clues to the story or some other purpose because they were hard to watch. Before I move on to the good, I know that there is a secret ""fake"" ending that utilizes gameplay from the previous FNaF games. Because those games have been reviewed to death and the mechanics are well known and already established I didn't factor them in to this review. Yes, it was a nice throwback and evoked a warm feeling of nostalgia, but if you have to lean on those feelings to make up for the lack of meaningful gameplay mechanics in the main game there is a problem.The GOOD:The voice acting was fantastic. The voice of Baby (or Ennard, depending on what camp you are in) was comforting, helpful, and unsettling all at the same time. That is a very difficult thing to accomplish in voice acting and the voice actor did it wonderfully. The rest of the voice acting was equally impressive and played an invaluable part in creating the unsettling atmosphere of the game.The writing was also very funny and made me laugh on more than one occasion (except for the soap opera clips, those were terrible). It was also unnerving, in a good way, at certain points. The highlight for me was the monologue Baby gives about the scooper and her musing about how a pint of ice cream would feel about a scooper. I thought that analogy for comparing seemingly lifeless animatronics to ice cream was well done in the given context.The 8-bit mini game was also enjoyable. Trying to solve the puzzle on how to feed all the kids was done very well and was an excellent example of testing the skill of the player and rewarding them for their accomplishments. I also liked that this mini game was the key to unlocking the secret ending (that we know of at this point).To (finally) conclude this review, I can sum up my feelings towards this game in two words (then why didn't I just do that at the beginning you ask). Missed Opportunity. I honestly thought we would be getting much more than what this game gave us. Scott worked on this game for almost a year, and given what he was able to accomplish in the past in a much smaller amount of time, it was hard not to get my hopes up. I want more than anything to say that I enjoyed this game and what it contributed to the lore and the overall story Scott has been telling for so long. I even tried to convince myself that it wasn't as bad as I thought by watching other people enjoy it. I just can't. The only hope I have now is that some amazing easter egg will be discovered that will finally satisfy the masses, including myself."
,Recommended,506610,25935838,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mangulation,"A nice spin on a classic!PROS:Nice Voice Acting.Probably the most terrifying game yet, combining aspects from all games.Each night has something entirely new and exciting.Really Nice Easter Egg:The Private RoomCONS:The added humor made the game lose its atmosphere and mood."
76561198366063506,Recommended,506610,31468661,Posted: 30 April,all,leslugofcat,"Hi. This game is amazing! but one problem, night 4 feels impossible!!! Its so intence i wind up the spring locks full the first time then a bit more the next but then i keep having to shake and then all the spring locks at the same time start to flash red i wind them up but its too late by then, can you please make night 4 easier? Thanks Scott"
76561198119575414,Recommended,506610,30534586,Posted: 15 March,all,Joymaker,"Probably the best, and yet most challenging of the series. The community has improved on a side note. It's really been a win-win. I love this game."
76561198335713688,Recommended,506610,28956957,Posted: 2 January,all,TheToyBunny,"This is a really great game and totally different from the others with a new task every Night, Night 4 is very hard"
76561198109497274,Recommended,506610,25939990,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Tommato,"Definitely the best game in the series, not like any other FNAF game. I strongly recommend you play this game!"
,Recommended,506610,25969322,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,CrazyBew,"Pros:-dat voice acting tho-The spooks we're real on this one.-The jumpscares. Too many to count that got me.-It's like all the FNaF games we're mixed into one with a few new ""ingredients""; and I love it!Cons:-The story is way too god damn confusing; even for a FNaF game.-Too short/easy. The only part it was ever challenging was in Night 4 and Night 5's ""FAKE ENDING"".Overall, pretty good! Fans of the games (like me) will NOT be disappointed!8.4/10"
,Recommended,506610,30890953,Posted: 1 April,all,GoldenDiamondForever,"TBH, I enjoyed this game! I'm still stuck on night 4."
76561198217650377,Recommended,506610,31200100,Posted: 17 April,all,MelonCorp,9/10 too much purple - IGN
,Recommended,506610,25961449,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Grave5,Scott the king!The most dynamic game of FNAF (although the fastest passable).10/10
76561198269339002,Recommended,506610,35006087,Posted: 16 September,all,rooneyback01,fantastic game and finally something doesn't involve chance
76561198282486554,Recommended,506610,30305450,Posted: 3 March,all,LaylaRight,"This game is so cool! Very different from the past Fnaf games, you could interact more with your surroundings and didn't have to do what they told you. Plus the characters are so cool and unique, and it adds more to the mysterious story of Five Nights at Freddy's. I give 5 Stars!"
,Recommended,506610,28878008,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Schwisims,"This is personaly My favorite Five Nights At Freddys game, i love how it finishes the FNaF story."
76561198218019671,Recommended,506610,28103360,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Jezza,"I think it's a good game and it's nice Scott changed up the usual ""Check for cameras!"" strategy but I can't help but feel most of the nights have really frustrating parts. Like the Bon-Bon part on Night 3, I had to cheat in the game-files to skip the night as Bon-Bon glitched on Funtime Freddy's left arm and wouldn't move. ♥♥♥♥ Night 4, that's all I have to say about it. And Night 5 isn't bad except when you need to type in a pass-code and if you aren't fast enough or exactly precise you get jumpscared by Ennard and sent BACK TO THE CONTROL MODULE. Why?! Funtime Foxy isn't there to jumpscare you and what was wrong with being sent back to before you enter the pass-code?! It's at least more convenient that way...So overall, good game that strays away from the basic FNaF formula (yes I'm aware of the Fake Ending -_-), but I can't help but feel a lot of the game is frustrating and up to pure-luck which kind of ruins it for me.So, a 7/10."
76561198053422627,Not Recommended,506610,25909418,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Zaxtor99 ® YouTube,"Just more of the typical RNG random pop up jump scares that happen regardless of what you do.While this game is very different then other FNAF, it disappointed me once again with way too much randomness determining what happens rather then what you actually do in the game...And THAT is why I give this game a ""not recommend"".  There are simply wayyyyy better games that do this so much better people.  For less money you can buy a great jump scare game that is much more dependant on your choices, your game play, and offers you much more freedom to move around the game world.. Check out ""Night Blights"" here on Steam.FNAF is far too over-rated.  Please check out games like ""Night Blights"" and ""Boogey Man"" here on steam and give these much better games a chance instead because they are both about ten times better then any of the FNAF games."
76561198115139554,Recommended,506610,25969256,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,AngelWithASniper,"*SHORT BUT SWEET*This is just wow, just wow. Scott has really showned that he is great at making games. The gameplay mechanics, the voice acting is just wow. It might have been short, but it is awesome. judging by markiplier gameplay. I havent finish the game, but just base off the first night, i am impressed. Definitely recommend this is your a good fnaf  fan or a horror fanatic. Now cya, ima finish the game :D One con was how long it was. Need to be longer9/10 Would do it again"
,Recommended,506610,25968002,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Jerrycan,"Usually when I make a review of a FNAF game I make a joke, today I am going to do an actual review.This game is not what you would expect, it doesn't follow the same formula as the previous games. It allows a limited free-roam system (the game is still 2D) that adds this extra dimension to the game. This game's nights don't have the ""Survive till' 6AM!"" Theme of the previous game, it instead focuses on one or two characters and/or a plot point. Instead of sitting in an office, checking cameras and keeping the Animatronics at bay, you have to run around and fix the animatronics. That may sound weird, but it actually is a really effective horror tactic in this game. A good example of this tactic in-game is the Breaker Room area, you have to hold down some buttons while also keeping an Animatronic at bay. The thing is, the animatronic is in the room with you and you can only see him on certain light flashes. He also says some spooky stuff in a spooky voice, that I am able to compare to dialog from Splicers in Bioshock.Honestly I thought I would regret purchasing another FNAF game after the experience I had with FNAF World, but this is the best experience that I have had in a FNAF game since the first game.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PROS- Doesn't have the same formula as the previous games; its a new experience.- Chocked-full of secrets.- Comes with a free Soap Opera.CONS- Short- Some nights are almost too hard------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TL;DR: Sister Location is a refreshing experience for the FNAF series, and I do not regret purchasing it."
,Recommended,506610,25929844,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Pennywise the deadbeat clown,"So far this game will put all the people who say that fnaf is repetetive to rest. and i know its not technically a fnaf game but a spinoff but come on scott. good job m8! anyway this game doesnt involve surviving till 6am or any of that stuff. but you have to complete several tasks as a maintenance man, and even fix the animatronics. the voice acting is really creepy especially on night 2."
,Recommended,506610,25937883,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Funtime ThomasMarioFan48,Good:-Funtime Freddy And Bonnie Hand Puppet Can Split Up.-Funtime Foxy As A Girl-Ballora's Eyes Are Openable-Fredbear Plush As I Knew What He Looked Like.-Exotic ButtersBad:-No Baby Jumpscare-No Freddy Honk Sound (Or Is There.)-Scooping Room-Real Ending-Ennard Destoring You And Funtime Animatronics-Not Much Free Roam........-Some Bugs-No Night 6-No Custom Night-Key Pad-The Game Is Not Actually Just Nights It's Just Nothing But Pizzles-SO MANY THINGS UNEXPECTED!IDK What Else........
76561198354844035,Recommended,506610,33249116,Posted: 4 July,all,paulkane1010,A change in the FNAF gameplay that worked perfectlyEspecially Custom night
76561198240415682,Recommended,506610,25917197,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Fancy Fred,"Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location takes a brand new take on the Five Nights at Freddy's franchise. With many new mechanics and a whole new setting to explore, this game has it's ups and downs but is still mostly a great game. First, the downs. I will say that the jumpscare animations are not the best, however, you should not judge a horror game by its jumpscares. I'd say the finest part of horror in this game is the suspense. Sometimes, you are waiting in silence, trying to hide from the monsters that lurk within the darkness. I'd definitley give this a buy before the sale ends. I definitley reccomend this game to anyone who loves suspenseful horror, not just fnaf fans. And to scott if you're reading this, fantastic job on bringing the game quality uphill. I know you can keep going."
,Recommended,506610,34995506,Posted: 16 September,all,악마블럭,it`s Good!i like it! thank you so much!scott!
76561198332350805,Recommended,506610,35138743,Posted: 22 September,all,bender cena,i love this game with the other FNAF games:)
,Recommended,506610,25919281,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Cuphead,"Love the game, nights- well basically the whole thing! It's scary and tense, every minute i'm worried of a jumpscare"
76561198333040743,Recommended,506610,30932530,Posted: 3 April,all,Sonicfizz77,This game is great and in my opnion one of the greatest entries in the series definitly worth the your time. Keep up the good work Scott!
76561198147523397,Recommended,506610,34031862,Posted: 4 August,all,Fade,Very scary and have a lot of cool hidden features. Custom night is hard and fun. Love it all
,Not Recommended,506610,25915718,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Lemoon (0-0),"My game is bugged.After the little bit in night 2 where you hide under the desk, i get stuck. The robots try to open it twice, I stop them both times, and after that the woman is supposed to say more dialog, but that just doesn't happen. I sit there for minutes on end, but nothing happens. I've tried clicking. I've tried every button on this bloody keyboard. It doesn't happen. It is to my understanding that this is occuring to a few more people, and it would be a positive joy if this were to be fixedPlease, Scott."
76561198309628772,Recommended,506610,31272143,Posted: 21 April,all,Zion,"Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location has been one of the scariest games I've ever played and it has improved than the other Five Nights at Freddy's games. I like how when the animatronics jumpscare you, they open their face which made me almost fell off my chair! And the voice acting is well done by Scott and the oher voicers. But that's just my short little review of this game. I recommend this to everybody. Bye. :)"
76561198307179268,Recommended,506610,29028931,Posted: 5 January,all,WhalenJP (The Purple Guy),"what i liked about this game was the experience that was different from the other games in the franchise and get to reveal more story and easter eggs.What i disliked about this game was that Night Four, I couldn't beat it no matter what. Either I am doing something wrong or missing something or a strategy, I don't know. It's just that I couldn't beat Night Four with the Minireenas. Let me know if  there is a strategy to beat it, or that there was a way to skip the night.~WhalenJP (The Purple Guy)"
76561198166336440,Recommended,506610,33891757,Posted: 29 July,all,Wolfy Abarai,"I really Love this game! Everything is just outstanding: The graphics,The sound,Everything. I love it all."
76561198335144520,Recommended,506610,31840013,Posted: 19 May,all,nate3041987,I LOVE THE GAMEPLAY ITS AMAZINGits a very detailed game but 3 complain funtime foxy does NOT have a voice baby has 11 minuts of lines and last baby does not have a jumpscare BUT i love THE GAME. EXOTIC BUTTERS
76561198181950419,Recommended,506610,26175605,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Larry the Cable Guy,"BEST FNAF GAME YET A GAME WITH ACTUAL ""LEVELS""!"
76561198054779727,Recommended,506610,25908096,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,BassMaxAttack,"This game is just amazing. The detail and look of the game is astounding, and the gameplay is frightening and fun.Compared to the other installments this game goes all out on everything and is truly a spooky experience.Completely recommend if you have some extra cash and want a good scare."
76561198293424324,Recommended,506610,30285016,Posted: 2 March,all,thefancypie,"I didn't like the game when I first played it because it has new gameplay (Which is a good thing. But after watching everyone else beat the game and uncover its secrets and lore, I really got interested into the backstory of the circus-type pizzaria. Hope the final game to wrap up the story brings back springtrap."
,Recommended,506610,30658260,Posted: 21 March,all,Phe Puppeteer Roseiana,This game is awesome.
,Recommended,506610,25948534,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,spest fast,"This game breaks almost all of the aspects whilst keeping that FNAF feel of the FNAF games, with a secret FNAF 1 reference. My only problem with this game is that the Exotic Butters don't taste good."
,Recommended,506610,25942130,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Nynozy,"ProsNew gameFeels like the other FNAF'sNew ideaNew interaction when hidingConsShort gameShould have a fully functional settings screenScott should come up with a 100% new game, it can be horror (survival) but just from scratch with no Five Nights at Freddy's at all and a longer story(line) to play in.7/10 ~ akaJyrr"
,Recommended,506610,25922232,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,LAUGHING SOLDIER,"Alot more effort went into this one then the last games, only one probelm... all four nights and half way through night 5 i feel as if they're just tutorial nights for when the actuall game begins, shame that is the game.7/10"
,Recommended,506610,25990042,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,TomodachiDalton,Exotic Butters(will post a real review once I beat the game)
76561198355757171,Recommended,506610,33184577,Posted: 3 July,all,bendy,the gameplay was great
76561198006580290,Recommended,506610,25930918,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,cypher3214,"Has it's own identity but still stays true to it's Roots. I always enjoyed watching lets plays of teh FNAF series, But this one really grabbed me I love being able to move around and see differnt areas and deal with each challenege. The jump scares are great and the story if very interesting as well. Can't say enough about this game but def try it out."
,Recommended,506610,25916034,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,scooper dooper,this game is AMASSING to be fair it's the scarcest one yet ^^ if your looking for a game that'll make you wet yourself sevroll times then this is the game for you :D
76561198193338322,Recommended,506610,25916110,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,[s37k] SPONGEDOG001 YT`,oh my god i love it my face when the shock happend the roming story its self he lived up to five nightseverything was good ima see if i can find a second ending
76561198321313601,Recommended,506610,25949633,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,foxyfan113,"This game is awesome!! It gives you A LOT of clues to the story and it has the best jumpscares EVER!! Its pretty tough, im stuck on night 4. : ("
,Recommended,506610,25908376,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Krisfire,"Game Mechanic SpoilersAs the 5th survival horror game in the FNAF series, it's had plenty of hype built around it, along with that, the series has it's share of people who claim the games are just reskins of the same game, thats anything but true with this game. The game has you as a maintenance worker and you have to go between the rooms of the new “Sister Location” to make sure the Animatronics are in their positions and working correctly...until they start to come after you and you have to hide from them so they cant see you. In this game you are no longer confined to your desk as a security guard but you have the ability to move between different rooms to preform your duties and you know...not get killed.The game adds voice acting as something more then just Phone Guy talking to you which is a big plus.ProsNew but similar gameplayNew Animatronics (Shocker)New MechanicsVoice acting is pretty goodLike the previous games it has a Trial by Fire mentality to make sure you push through the tough times...or just quit.ConsNot to be a bandwagon lover but I haven't found anything I really dislike as of night 2. Will update once I finish the game.All in all this is shaping up to be my favorite FNAF game but I will update this review after I finish the game! 8/10"
,Recommended,506610,25922482,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Edonarus,"After all the FNAF games that came out after FNAF 1, I'd call this a proper FNAF sequal.Scott obviously put alot of effort into this game. The jokes and designs are actually quite sweet. I'm glad that there was no delay and that he decided to keep the game quite ''Dark''.The best part about the game is that playing the game with low volume won't get you anywhere. You'll NEED to listen quite carefully.What do you mean ''How's that the best part of it?!'' ?Simple. The Jump scares don't contain a MASSIVE ammount of DEAFENING screams, and yet still have a great animation to scare you!I can't wait to see a possible sequal or another game like this.It was worth the wait, Thanks Scott!"
,Recommended,506610,26004962,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,[DFS] VictoryTour-EightyFour,"My thoughts on Sister Location:So I went into this game thinking it would follow the usual FNaF Routine, and I was wrong. This game took a whole new twist and is a step forward from previous games in the series. The scare factor and difficulty has been increased, the gameplay is so smooth, and the voice acting is spot-on. The partial Free-Roam is amazing for an engine with huge limitation. Scott did a great job on this game. The lore kept me on the edge of my seat and I'm definitely enjoying it so far. Though, it is a tad bit too short compared to the rest of the series. I recommend this game to anyone who hasn't tried it out yet, it's really good. I'd give it a 9.8/10. Pretttttty Nice.Exotic Butters"
76561198335765339,Recommended,506610,25939930,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,The Divine Bovine,"My mouse seems to drag slightly downward.  Not sure if anyone else is having the same issue.  Gameplay is solid and the environment is terrifying!  Just finished Night 2 and my nerves were getting shot fast.  :P I was surprised this game is NOT on a time based system like the others (1AM, 2AM, 3AM) and is more focused on finishing tasks.  I like the new direction though.  :) Another great game, Scott!"
76561198404056828,Recommended,506610,33933104,Posted: 31 July,all,mightofthesoul,"It's a cool game. It would be great if Night 4 wasn't so difficult. Still stuck on it. It's a challenge. On the other hand, it's refreshing to see a new take on the already successful franchise."
,Recommended,506610,33152854,Posted: 2 July,all,Zittle,10/10 would eat my head again!
76561198260893519,Recommended,506610,25914198,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,RoboMatt02,BEST GAME IN THE SERIES!I really enjoy the game so far! Really amazing graphics! Awesome voice acting! Scary jumpscares! And the game is really creepy! I enjoyed this so much :DI'm on night 2 though xDanyways! I hope you all enjoyed the game as well!Thank you for reading this!
,Recommended,506610,25916220,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Yummysome Bear,"This game is NOT like the other fnaf games. (In a good way). It truley is a horror game. The other FNaF game were greatly story driven. This one is is a mix of story driven and greatly in gameplay wise. I deeply recommend it beacause it halaruios! The thing about (not a big spoiler) your name being auto corrected into somthing about eggs. In other wise, Its worth the $6.79! (or when the sale ends $7.99).Have fun playing FNaB! (Beacause freddy isn't the main character anymore).Edit: There may or may not be a glitch when your under the desk in night 2. If there is then uninstall and reinstall the game. :)Edit 2: Don't worry, The trailer is more drematic then it should be."
,Recommended,506610,25935521,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,GrigLager,"Sister location is a refresing change of pace whist still retaining the nuances that keep benevolent Freddy fans around....Ok, it's creepy, more puzzly, still jump scary, and an all around major effort compared to earlier games.  Haters will still hate, but worth the price tag....and Vlad is sexy.Or something."
,Recommended,506610,25932070,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,High Climbing Caleb,The game is very short its good because it has voice acting and you see the animatronics move in front of you2 good endings but i feel like the game was to short witch makes me think DLC
76561198456539727,Recommended,506610,26000725,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,CazAttack,I was so hyped when i bought this today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm stuck on night 3 but i blame myself for not being to quick. Lol! This game is spot on!!!!!! 100% recommended!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,32005525,Posted: 27 May,all,dpolanco623,"Amazing Game, Characters and Awesome Creator who knows hat he is doing when it comes to FNAF. Cant wait to see what Scott will come up with next!"
,Recommended,506610,34312074,Posted: 17 August,all,darkthemaster,Best fnaf ever :D
,Recommended,506610,35339063,Posted: 30 September,all,JMcConley,Much different than Fnaf 1-4. Scott really did a good job mixing things up in this one! :)
,Recommended,506610,25933315,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,👻DaisytheDragon👻,"Scott, you have outdone yourself again, this game is spectacular!   So far my favorite part is when you have to hide from the Biddybabs, that really got me. :P   Anyway, I'm a huge fan of this game, so far it's the best one Scott's ever made. (That's just my opinion, please don't kill me.)  My favorite character in this game is Ballora.  I'm even gonna dress up as her for Halloween. XD   I hope you read this, Scott.  You're a really cool guy and I love your games so much.  I hope you continue the Five Nights at Freddy's series of games, they're my favorite games of all time and I would love to see what's next. :)"
76561198299591621,Recommended,506610,29446182,Posted: 23 January,all,Harvey,"It's FNAF why wouldn't i play it? Since the original came i became hooked and started molding theorys and i watched people like MatPat and Dawko play... then after a while I became ""brave"" enough to play it and i'm still scared!! scott you did well with this one with the gameplay, story and characters!! and don't get me stared on the voices!! this is a very stable, fun and horrific game... good job ;)"
76561198115833491,Not Recommended,506610,25924188,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Soulofsteel,"I'm not ashamed to say that I LOVE the FNaF series, they were fun, mostly scary, unique, and interesting. This game, however, does not live up to it's own name in any way. I may just be used to Scott Cawthon jumpscares by now, but I never even remotely jumped at a single one. I was very excited for this game but the whole experience is badly tarnished by several factors; The mouse movement is quite awkward in a way that I can't really explain, precision mouse tasks with little time to react, too much attempted comedy by the voice on the intercom, and strange comic relief from the non-scary atomosphere in the form of the TV show played in the players house. Overall I would say if you want to learn about the story, watch others play or just read about it in a couple days, don't waste your money.Almost 4 hours playedOverall rating 2/10TLDR: Bad game, not scary, not fun, annoying gameplay, wouldn't buy."
76561198275961217,Recommended,506610,26092727,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,DJScorpion1987,Great Game but listen or die
,Recommended,506610,26292524,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,AceCreeperYT,"So I'm a big fan of the whole FNaF Timeline and set of games (apart from FNaF World) The games in my opinion got worse after 2 and became a sort of meme to how poor quality they were, this game though brings back the horror and originality from the first game and gives it LSD! The Voice Acting for this game is SO ONPOINT and massive props to them guys, the gameplay itself is more than youve ever had in a FNaF game, you can move to different rooms and explore different parts of the establishment every night. The Mix of Easter Eggs and tie ins to the Book and Previous FNaF games are just perfect and definatley add signifigant parts to the story. For a FNaF Fan its a MUST BUY. For people who enjoy easy (but not too easy) to play Horror Survivals its worth a buy to join the community story and experience the game! People who activly hate this franchise, then you can buy it also give Scott some of that well deserved cash. A Definate Gem in your Steam Library!Watch My Livestream Playthrough:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2bxIA4HmQs"
,Recommended,506610,26441075,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,TheNerdDude,"This game is probably the Five Nights at Freddy's title that is the best made, no matter what your opinions on it are. The story fits together nicely without being too obvious or too vague. This entry has all the definitive, as Razzbowski calls it, ""nipple-tingling moments"" that make up FNaF as a whole. The game's plot is very interesting, and has several references to the book, which I read earlier this year. The game mechanics vastly differ from the original games, giving you different tasks where you have to interact with the animatronics, which makes it even more nerve-racking. I wouldn't call the voice acting top-notch, but for such a small development team (yes, Scott was helped), it doesn't bother me too much. There are very few playability issues, and the character design is pretty solid. The endings are dark but satisfying in a way. They really make the story piece together smoothly. As a whole, Scott ceases to disappoint with the fifth (and possibly last) entry in the FNaF series."
,Not Recommended,506610,25908415,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Kentantino  on caffeine.tv,"Sorry scott, but this game is mega dissapointing...... is not fun nor scary."
,Recommended,506610,26347698,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,フラン・スカーレット,"Released on time, not gimicky, changes things up in a fresh new way, adds to the story, is still spooky, and definitely still fun. 10/10 Would play spooky teddy bear game five again.*COUGH* EXOTIC BUTTERS! *COUGH*"
,Not Recommended,506610,25909225,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Steven 'strajk-' Borges,"If you want to watch a No Commentary Longplay of it check out the following link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ws6_y0RA7rUIt is not bad but nothing special either.The scares are cheap, just like in the past games, but I like the gameplay from this one more since it has more suspense.You will get frustrated a couple times for not knowing what do to sometimes, but that's what is good about it, no handholding and you have to figure it out.But still, not my type of game, so I can't recommend it to anyone that has the same tastes as me.The only thing I really liked about the game was the Voice Actress with her ASMR Voice, many people will get rock hard at her whispering :^)"
,Recommended,506610,29975461,Posted: 16 February,all,DOGEKAT,"Best FNaF game. It's not repetative, it is a lot of fun and a breath of fresh air compared to the rest of the FNaF games"
76561198120279544,Recommended,506610,26019848,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,davidw2371,"Where to begin with this one? Well..............THIS IS THE BEST GAME IN THE SERIES! Why, you mindless consumer asks? Well, this one has cutscenes, voice acting(not just phone guy but each character has their own distinct voice), you can actually move(only forward, though), and a way different plot than the others. This one also brings something new(much like the first). There are stealth segments that had me, a FNaF veteran, on the edge of my seat(I was playing almost full volume in the dark)! There is also a very difficult part on Night 2 *SPOILERS* where you are hiding under a desk in the Funtime area. These little animatronics look at you through eyeholes in the desk. If that wasn't already creepy enough, they say ""Hello in there"" and ""Knock, Knock"" and they start to pull open the door. This honestly freaked me out beyond belief. Finally, something new from the franchise! I HIGHLY recommend this one to anyone who is up for a great challenge and game experience."
76561198260431644,Recommended,506610,25948483,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Vilager4,This is what the fnaf sereies needed
,Recommended,506610,25948276,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Iceclaw The Fox (BLWLDS),"The FNaF games to date have been great, there's no doubting that, but they got repetitive. I'm glad that Scott sensed this and revamped this game, adding new gameplay and honestly altering the series as the whole. I really like how this game turned out."
,Recommended,506610,25922816,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Slyceth,"One of the first ones to pick this up, a must-buy as the rest of the FNaF franchise :D"
,Recommended,506610,25930849,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Phischermen,"I can easily say that this game is much more engaging than a typical FNAF game. Each night I did somthing different, and each task was memorable and challenging. Of course, the gameplay is still simple, usually only requiring the player to use one button and the mouse, but it's fun none the less.One of my criticisms about the gameplay is that sometimes what I'm supposed to do is kind of vague, and sometimes the actions I perform with the mouse don't translate well with what I wanted to do in the game. What I mean by that is, if I have to urgently close a door using the mouse, I want to click and violently drag it closed, but in the game that hardly does anything to the door. In actuality, I had click and keep my mouse at the edge of the door, not to close it, but to keep it from opening all the way and then shut it when the animatronic gives up. There's lots of stuff like that throughout the game, but it's not that bad since you are given a checkpoint before each major task.In my opinion, the most frustrating night was Night 4. There was a lack of feedback for what I was doing wrong, since you got the same jumpscare for the two possible ways you could die.I really liked the characters. This game has a healthy dose of humor, in the form of a robot AI who ""assists"" you in your job similar to Wheatly from Portal 2.The story is a lot more clear this time around. There's less ""read this article on the wall"",""record and then listen to this audio backwards"",""decipher this weird Atari mini game"" as there are in the other games (but they are still present here). The game has more dialouge, making it easier to follow, while you are playing.The game ends a little unsatisfactory. My issue is you get kind of stuck in the end. You know when you watch a horror movie and your screaming at the protagonist to ""DON'T SIT STILL, RUN!"" That's how I felt. But I believe there is an alternate ending which is easy to access.All in all, good game. I believe this is the strongest of the FNAF games."
,Recommended,506610,25933946,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,VetistheFallen,This game is really amazing there are just somethings that are very confusing
,Recommended,506610,26010336,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Sammy Lawrence,I recommend this game but night 4 is a challenge. >_>
,Recommended,506610,25915203,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Starman (Paradox),game
,Recommended,506610,25917559,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,∑Dãrk Gâmër Tόy Zαά³,It's Scary Game. I Don't Know How To Play.
76561198220360057,Recommended,506610,26020619,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,FredbearGaming2000,The game was amazing and terrifying! Great job Scott!👏👏 Love the story btw.
76561198108648809,Recommended,506610,25909050,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,TheCrytpidHunter,"I have to say I am very impressed with this one. The orignal Five nights at Freddys was such an interesting idea and made a game that I literally was terrified to play. The second one added some interesting ideas but still wasn't as good as the first one. Then the third one came out and was okay but not amazing. It added new mechanic but wasn't really scary, this also when people started saying that he was milking the series. These three games came out in only a period of like 4 months. Then a year passed and the fourth game came out. People who said he was milking the games stopped in awe of how terrifying the fourth games was. It still utilized the idea of animatronics but in a completley new and interesting way. I am proud to say that this game, like the fourth one, has brought the series up by miles. This game is WAY different than any other Five nights at Freddys game. It features cutscenes, voice acting, free roam, a bunch of new intersting mechanics, and more. The game creates a sense of dread greater than that of the original. I highly recommend this game to any one who loves the horror genre or is a fan of Five Nights at Freddys."
76561198161451709,Recommended,506610,25920977,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,BanzaiMew,"hello thereI don't know if I im the only one that have this problem but in night 2, when i close the ""door"" for the second time (under the desk), the female voice does not come and i'm stuck here without a way to go out.Please fix this bug! Despite that, the game is awesome"
,Recommended,506610,25939843,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Brostro2,this has to be the BEST fnaf game EVER!! im stuck on night 4 since its basicaly impossible. i love how scott made it like so creepy and interesting! :D
76561198272712233,Recommended,506610,25933742,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,fnaf2,LOVE the game much better and cooler then the last ones SO COOL
76561198043622731,Recommended,506610,25918624,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,PsychOsEXXi,"I went into this game expecting to freak the f**k out. It delivers, just like the previous ones. What I didn't expect was the totally unique gameplay and quality humour that made me laugh yet didn't detract from the tense atmosphere. My impression is of the stanley parable, co-narrated by GLaDOS, but it still feels like a FNAF game. I havent quite finished yet (I'm not game) but it's already shaping up to be one of the best indie games I've played in ages.Highlights are the adventures of Vlad, the angsty teen, night 3-4 and that 100% accurate autocorrect simulator. 5 stars for popcorn button!"
,Recommended,506610,25954196,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Nessie!,"Good, but short. What FNAF should have been from the start. Good story, great voice acting, and a lot more humor than expected while still being ♥♥♥♥ed up and dark. With the game being about a day old, there's still many more secrets to discover, and I look forward to what the True Ending is, if there is one.The only problem I had with the game was Night 4 being stupidly hard, but that was solved this morning with Patch 1.02.I rate this game 8/10, and would reccomend to friends."
,Recommended,506610,25945223,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Kerli,"The only time I buy FNAF games is when I have trouble passing bowel movements. I'm not a fan of using chemicals such as laxitives to help with natural body movements. So, I often go for a more natural solution.Why FNAF? Well..Horror movies are too long and YouTube doesn't allow for the ability to be immersed within the jumpscares, rendering them a joke.10/10 Best natural remedy for constipation."
,Recommended,506610,25929892,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,EcksDea,Great Game! :) Thx for fixing the Recent Glitches! The game is very well done and the game honestly looks like its 3d! For some reason i have the urge to get the mfa file and see how the game works! XD I am having a blast playing this SUPER FANTASTIC GAME! You have progressed in game developement ;D
76561198105648688,Recommended,506610,26013967,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,G0ATFAC3,"9/10. Difficulty curve is sharp and occasionally instructions are unclear. Keep playing; you'll make it through.While I personally prefer the gameplay style of previous instalments; learning what to do and then perfecting your craft over the course of several nights while the difficulty increases, there is no saying this game is inferior without those elements. It does things differently and provides a much more story driven experience than before, but still keeps the classic elements you've come to expect.The game has the same five night structure as the others, but every night is different from the last, so it's very difficult to know what to expect. It keeps things fresh and really keeps you engaged. Gameplay elements are wildly different from the FNAFs of old, but are familiar enough to not feel completely jarring.The voice acting is very professional, and serves the mood quite nicely. Whether its the incompetence/shenanigans of your handheld assistant or the cryptic instructions from certain other robots, when the game wants you to laugh, you laugh, and when it wants you to be scared, by gum you're scared. The voice acting gives the game a very ""Portal 2"" feel, and it's a refreshing change of pace. The jokes are clever, and actually add to the atmosphere.Overall, not the game I expected to play, but a really really good one nonetheless. I'm excited to see what comes next."
76561198200080853,Recommended,506610,25972258,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Rapid,one of the best fnaf games
76561198169954307,Recommended,506610,25972260,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,DavyHexlegend,Amazing! Best Five Nights at Freddy's game EVER!!!!! I would rate it 10/10!Don't hold it against me...
,Recommended,506610,26075617,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,TeddyNightTerror,I love This Game I own all the Five Nights At Freddys includeing Fnaf World this game is only $7.99 and you sould buy this but if u havent played any of the fnaf games i would recommend You playing 1-4 First
76561198165236359,Recommended,506610,25933123,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Alexander The Dev,Best fnaf game
76561198204364944,Recommended,506610,25951231,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,spellmatthew,This is SPART- I mean a amazing game really enjoyed the new mechanics and Finaly more than one voice actor if your are thinking about buying this game then  JUST DO IT!!
76561198240865306,Recommended,506610,29023287,Posted: 4 January,all,j.eberhart.2004,Good game but really hard especcally on night 4 still havent beat it probaly wont for a while. Need help plz!!
,Recommended,506610,25961411,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Kiki Lord,"This game is awesome, great jumpscares and voice action but is lots myteries to solve. Thanks scott!!!!"
,Recommended,506610,26023340,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Shadow Freddy,"well played Scott Cawthon...you've managed to produce another horrifying game, with another story behind it too...I guess its proper to say now...that the Five Nights At Freddy's Franchise has taken a turn for the better with this new game...I hope you will continue making these games, even if they're just spinoffs, they're absolutely amazing and a story that can never be solved, too many damn easter eggs to find, just to get more story than we can handle!!! Well played, well played...also screw that minireena crap!!!! those things freak me out!!!"
76561198241228674,Recommended,506610,33632606,Posted: 18 July,all,prog01x,Amazing and scary
76561198260794883,Recommended,506610,33328737,Posted: 6 July,all,F0XYF0XSFM <3,"Five NIghts at Freddy's Sister Location is the best put of the other five! You can do task to complete the night instead of stitting in a chair watching cameras. But be careful, be ready for Funtime Freddy!!!"
76561198068789841,Recommended,506610,25916147,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,HowL_KinG,"This is the BEST fnaf game at the moment. actually has a story to go with and objectives. it's awesome! i was one of the first to LiveStream it, and i had a BLAST playing it! i suggest this game 100%"
76561198426761856,Recommended,506610,35308397,Posted: 29 September,all,GeorgieB3ar,THIS is the best game ever i really recommend this game to all of u people out there but....WARNING IF U DON'T LIKKE SACRY GAMES DON'T PLAY  butt you can if u want this game is great i would give it 5 stars!Well Done Scott Cawthon :)
,Recommended,506610,29173774,Posted: 10 January,all,GTAGAMER222,BON BON GO GET HIM
76561198161845052,Recommended,506610,26047253,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Whitesleeve64,It good
,Recommended,506610,25920132,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Nikolai,"So..Where to begin..I love the story thats added to it and the darker feeling. But...Theres not alot of gameplay, and most of it is handholding the entire time except for night 4. It feels way too linear compared to that of the other games, and has removed pretty much everything that made fnaf, well, fnaf. I love the feel and stuff about it but, It realyl doesnt play like FNaF anymore, I hope that maybe scott might add some stuff to it down the line, but I doubt that will happen. Thats how I feel about the game anyway. If there was a neutral option on here I would do be along more that, At this point I dont know really if I can recommend or not this, If you havent played fnaf, Start with the other ones, then come back to this just for story i guess if you are into the lore."
,Recommended,506610,25927365,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,VaporTheGamer,This game is next freakin level man! I Livestreamed it immediately as it relaesed and got myself to Night 4! Check out the video below :) game is 10/10 best of the yearNights 1-4 enjoyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3gS-1RAUnU
,Recommended,506610,25908581,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Pixel3000nerd,"I went in on low expectations and quite frankly, I was suprised. The quality on this is better than I expected. Alot of varieties, more voice-acting and naration for the story, and the enviorment is unsettling, which is the kind of ambience that horror games SHOULD have. Overall, great game. Best in the franchise."
76561198096899647,Recommended,506610,25943107,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Spooxelbrine,"Of the 11 hours I have currently spent on this game, I'd say I enjoyed myself for about 8 of those hours.  I'll get to why in a bit.  I will be spoiling one of the endings.I will say this to start off:  This is very unlike all of the other core-series FNaF Games.  It does not follow the standard ""defend your little room from 12 AM to 6 AM without leaving"" gameplay style.  It is very story driven, and, as I'm sure, not what anyone was expecting.  Each night, you are assigned a different task.  There are very few occasions where you can branch off from the route that takes you to where the task is meant to be completed.  When you do explore these areas you aren't supposed to, however, there are some interesting secrets to be found.  There are only two times it reverts back to the room-defense style.  The first time (and the reason why I only consider 8 of the 11 hours worthwhile,) is on night 4.  The second time isin the optional private room on night 5.There are plenty of hidden bits of lore and easter eggs to keep you searching for a while if you're the kind of person who likes to do that.There are three gripes I have with this game, though.  The first being that it is almost too linear.  The two times I listed that you could explore off the beaten path are, as far as I know, the only times you can do this.  When you die, you have to start over from a certain point earlier in the night (usually before the the parts where you have to avoid the animatronics,) and do it all over again.  As I said, the game is very story driven, so there wasn't much of a way around this with a 2D Engine.  The second flaw is night 4.  It requires lightning-fast reflexes (even post 1.02 patch,) and is a little harsh.  I understand that it's near the end, but it still seems a bit much, especially because of the general ease of night 5 (if you're not exploring.)  The third and final gripe is the comedy.  Don't get me wrong, I loved some of the jokes, but as someone on the forums said, it makes it seem like a better Portal game than a FNaF game.  It takes away from the creepy, ramshackle, malfunctioning vibe to the place.In conclusion, if you can handle the linearity, are willing to explore, and feel that you can bull through night 4, I'd recommend this.  It has an engaging plot and brings more interesting mysteries to the table.  If you want to introduce youself to the FNaF series, I recommend the first game.  It's got the best atmosphere, it's the cheapest out of all the core-series, and, if it were left as a single game, the story could've still stood on its own very well."
,Recommended,506610,26165863,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,CHICKOWAR | YTUB,"Thanks for game Scott. I thought that there's nothing more Scott can do with this game, when I realized that there's a new game I was just - ""Phhhh. Just another stupid FNaF"". But when I played it I was really scared! The game is cool, and I hope every game thatg Scott will make in the future will be as cool as this game is (also as cool as FNaF 1)"
76561198313946854,Recommended,506610,31142993,Posted: 14 April,all,DarkShadow4991,I like how this game turned out to be. The best of the whole FNAF series in my opinion. This game is money worth and it is really fun. Scary too. Yet another success in the FNAF story.
,Recommended,506610,25930782,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,CookieBrax,Best game ever! I will never forget it. I knew that there faces would open when they jump scare you! :D
76561198289776298,Recommended,506610,25930653,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,aubrietia15,Best FNAF ever not to scary but made me jump and want to close my eyes a lot play game on full volume to know what to do sometimes belive Baby sometimes don't but I love this game and I love you can walk any wear you want.
,Recommended,506610,26573576,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Toxic Lord YT,"I love this game a lot! There are still some secrets we need to find out and learn from. There is one slight problem, the who game goes by so quick. Maybe if there was a bit more harder and longer nights, then it wouldbe a bit more interesting. Overall I love the story line and how you are plaing as the Aftn (the purple guy) and trying to survive from the animatronics. Scott could also add a Baby jumpscare. She is the only animatronic we don't get scared by (only in the minigames) but yeah, I love it!"
76561198298753403,Recommended,506610,31840427,Posted: 19 May,all,_GREY_WOLF_,Really fun game
,Recommended,506610,25978139,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,💀🎃CreepyTeds🎃💀,"Spook, horror everything"
,Recommended,506610,25909537,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,yoyozebras,"The only thing that irritates me is that it thinks im playing in a window, so it shows a big black box, blocking me from seeing what im doing. I also had troubles opening it this morning. I will not be able to play this until it is fixed. Cool game otherwise, I hope it's worth the hype"
,Recommended,506610,25910803,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Cribius,"This game is Awesome !I love that there are now Voice lines .The gameplay is super.And The graphics are very cool.Scott , you've done a great job, you and the others.Thank you ;)"
,Recommended,506610,26098891,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,❀4Recovery,"FNAF: SISTER LOCATION for me is a FNAF first game that i follow the story and played it. The story itself realy strong for me, good story with plottwist at the end. The mechanic or the gameplay itself realy different from the 1-4FNAF game, you are not just sit, watch camera/close door, and wait till morning. NOT. In this game every night you have different mission and in every night you will learn about the story a little bit. But this in not a perfect game too, I think this game really need subtitle cause it have so much dialogs inside ;) 9/10"
76561198296802616,Recommended,506610,29062486,Posted: 6 January,all,FartMaster,This is Amazing and Terrifing I was so happy know that it wasnt cancelled so TIME FOR MORE HORRORCheck out my Channel I do Fnaf Sister Location Videos and more my channel is GamingBoy43
,Recommended,506610,25926073,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Pareogo,"This game has indeed good graphics, secrets, and storyline, but there are some major disappointments that I have for this game. The game mechanics have altered greatly and no longer give the same vibe of fear you get from playing the older games. Five Nights at Freddy's was unique for it's special ""Sit and Survive"" mechanic, kind of like Scott's old app ""Sit 'n Survive"" except with sinister elements put into it, but Sister Location has become just another normal ""Do the Objective"" horror game. This game doesn't even have a limit to when the night ends, except for one secret that can be found in Night 5.Scott, don't get me wrong; this game is quite extroardinary for something that has been made in Clickteam Fusion 2.5, but the gameplay has suffered greatly. Half of the time you play the game, you just need to get accross the room with a simple ""patience"" mechanic.This game has it's downsides, but I still love it. Although its gameplay is not what I expected it to be, it's still very fun to play from time to time. You did a great job on this Scott, but please just be a bit more aware about why what people like Five Nights at Freddy's for."
,Recommended,506610,26145514,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Judge,"Great installment to the franchise, exactly what it needed. The gameplay is no longer simply point and click, you have to walk around and go through vents."
76561198166939506,Recommended,506610,26047360,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DARK WOLF,yes this game is good new robots new office freeroming
,Recommended,506610,26093049,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,drawkill,"THIS GAME IS BETTER THAN ANY OF THE OTHER'S IN MY OPINION, SERIOUSLY HOLY CRAP SCOTT!"
76561198279394195,Recommended,506610,31802061,Posted: 17 May,all,bourgstein43,I love this game so much. I really want there to be more games. Or at least a movie.
,Recommended,506610,26127249,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Nicholas1405™,Exotic Butters
,Recommended,506610,26104031,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ZimsShiz,"This wasn't expected.I got this game quite reluctantly as the series was kind of bland to me. But when I got into this game I was suprised, in a good way. This game is more story driven then just the ""survive"" like the other games, this makes the game much more interesting to play and not get boring while playing through it.All in all, if it's any of the five games you play, let it be this one."
76561198058499296,Recommended,506610,25914248,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Spider,Ennards Nose makes a honking sound 20/10I hope the mods dont remove this review like my previous ones
,Recommended,506610,31492456,Posted: 1 May,all,MiniEngineer,"Game kept freezing at the end of night 5, the scooper glitched out. I still could look around and such but nothing else worked, not even the Esc button. So yeah.... that sucked, did anybody have the same problemplz help."
,Recommended,506610,25914966,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ARuarkGuy,"There are many things that this game has and features that make it unique. It was so hard I brought my friend over to help me. Here are my reasons why this game is recommended for all of you. This isn't just a game. Here is why:1.The game is very different from the others and is something that all games should have.2.The characters are very unique in their own way and have a unique and disticnt personallity as well.3.Different interactive modes with the animatronics as well and different and unique gameplay features which I know you will all find very interesting.4.The Hand Unit is very stupid. I see why people don't have talking robots as their guides.5.Some animatronics are good guys and some are bad guys which is a very cool twist to the plot.6.The story itself is very unique but does not tell very much. I really do hope to see what Scott has in store for us.7.After you finish the 5 nights you will get theReal Endingwhich means there is more in-store for us in the game. If there is one.8.The Minireenas are little annoying pieces of crap! Burn them all!9.Scary and fustrating. Perfect!10.Each night is different. It is a very good thing that will indeed have you confused and mindless throughout the game.There are many more oppurtunities and secrets, as well as fun waitng for you guys in this game. You'll play it and never give up. But as I said. This isn't just a game. It's a game worth playing, remembering, and honoring as one of the best games Scott has ever made."
,Recommended,506610,25908246,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,JeliLiam,"It seems like you had a problem entering your reviewI see what you were trying to type, and I will autocorrect it for you, one moment.""food chain"""
76561198182608063,Recommended,506610,28961905,Posted: 2 January,all,TheAlphaWolf,Realy Good Love It Keep Up The Good Work Scott Fnaf Or Not Keep Up The Great Games
,Recommended,506610,32259865,Posted: 7 June,all,The Shock Trooper,vErY gOoOoOOd
76561198335450513,Recommended,506610,25918160,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Sir.Fazzbender,"This game was very scary, worth the long wait in my opinion. If you're a Five Nights at Freddy's fan, you should no doubt get this game!"
,Recommended,506610,34911925,Posted: 12 September,all,youtube.com/c/TheRockShowIsOn,Jump scares make me a pee a little 10/10.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmQCOCyMXdY
,Recommended,506610,33281142,Posted: 5 July,all,cgassassin98,wow  what hear fnaf 6 deal 😆 yes good  luck like hope? soon loves story .
76561198208758255,Not Recommended,506610,25925872,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ninten,"It's bad. Like, really bad.I don't like the games like I used to, but I can tell effort was put into this one, but it's just awful. The game tries to be funny with the intercom voice but desperately fails, the elevator sequences take too long, the game is really difficult, and most of all, the jumpscares are extremely poor quality. Overall, if you like the FNaF games a lot, you may like this one, but for me it's just terribly put together."
76561198188017427,Recommended,506610,34363027,Posted: 19 August,all,ExspensiveSH4DOW,This game comepletely blew my mind.
76561198061116835,Not Recommended,506610,25916968,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Realafah,"I can't get past night 2! I know that sounds stupid and that's because it is. I make it all the way to the point I'm in the hiding space, and everytime I close the door the second time to keep them out time apparently just stops. The first time I played I ended up sitting there for ten minutes after I closed the door the second time waiting for something to happen until I figured the game glitched. Then I thought, ""Oh it must have been because the door wasn't fully closed."" The problem with that though is that after a certain point on the screen, the mouse can't go past an invisible wall of some kind so i can't click the door to drag it closed, and I can't just start the night from that point in the game so I have to start the whole night over again and go through all that tine consuming stuff that was interesting at first, but has grown to only be annoying and ruins the atmosphere. Everytime I replayed the night to hopefully succesfully close the damn door, it cut my mouse off so I never get a chance to fully close it. I was so excited to play this game, I haven't been able to relax in a long time and went through so many loops so the game wouldn't be spoiled before I had a chance to play it. Now I finally have the chance, and I can't get past the second night do to faulty mechanics.  I can't give it a recommendation nor tell people not to get it because it may be a good game, but I personally don't know that because the game is being stupid for me."
76561198355438384,Recommended,506610,34349737,Posted: 19 August,all,KissMahBearButt1987,"I Like This Game Because You Get To Free Roam Like The Joy Of Creation Reborn, Halloween Edititon and Story Mode"
76561198159119062,Recommended,506610,25917231,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,SG92,This was a very fun game. I hope scott continues to make more games in the future :)
76561198127939250,Not Recommended,506610,25915238,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Josh72112,"I am a fan of the FNAF series, but this game, was highly disapointing in my opinion, I thought the models looked great, the voice acting fit wonderfully, however the rest seemed quite disapointing to me, I felt like the storyline was more obvious with this one, the ending seemed cliche, and well, it felt like going through the vents and such was just a waste of time, the jumpscares in this one were a lot worse than in the previous games, the game is buggy, there ware issues, the steps felt like task ""great, have to do this again"" and such, and honestly, I would have prefered to have ended the series where it was at with FNAF 4, this just feels like a cash-grab, and that is sad considering that Scott actually tried more with this one, I understand and accept that, however, a bad game is a bad game."
,Recommended,506610,26209929,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,c.hill,what can i say on FNAF sister location its a massive change from the previous ones and has a more interactive feel i.e moving between points and actually working on them to keep them running baby is awesome and the first encounter you have i will recommend this to others as there is nice nod backs tothe other places through the game very subtle indeed but scott has done a great job
76561198218720988,Recommended,506610,25910026,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,M@GNICI0U$,"Hey scott love the game so much, but night 4 is way too hard man, but other than that wonderful job"
76561198176718471,Not Recommended,506610,26105961,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,DoggoOnWheels,"Every good thing must come to an end. Let me strat by saying that I loved the first FNAF games (1,2,3), they were fun, the mechanics were truly unique and interesting. They involved you getting to know every move, that Freddy will do, they made you memorise every sound Chicka made and distinguish between the ""im going back"" clutter of dishes to ""You are f***ed"" clutter of the dishes with a subtle cling of silverware. The whole idea was to first in the easy, quite first nights to scare you with new jumpscares. Then when those got repetitive and you met all your new friends that want to gnaw on your eyeballs, the ""horror"" came from all the multitasking, ensuring that every one is at teh correct place at the correct time, balancing power and performing an action (flashlight/mask). That was fun and in my opinion and a lot of others the series should've ended at 3.Then we got 4, ok, new environment cool, some panic due to cheking behind and closet, balancing the amount Foxy is activated by. First of all that game was a very harsh change in the series and had no explanation.Anyway we are talking about Sister location here. So this game is basically milked. Simple. This game is very very short, no challenge at all, the only night you should die on is 4, on others you basically follow the walkthrough of your guide(s). Don't run through Ballora or you will die - thanks, but I want to find that out myself! I paid for this game and I want to see the jumpscare from Ballora. Also the other comp[laint is on night 4 (the most fun thing in the main story line) when you let springs run out you get a ballerina puppet jumpscare? What?! Couldn't you make the faceplates shut and twist my arms and legs of? Anyway, at least we got the secret ending wont spoil it though if you read this whole review you probably already know. But thank you for adding this ""mini game"" the original FNAF minigame that is. Oh that reminds me, the Baby mini game is ridiculousely easy to solve. The other game's minigames involved you pressing certain buttons in the environment to access it, then you had to ""glitch through"". They were real Easter Eggs.I appretiate the new voices and assume this is where all the budget went which is fine, but honestly, not worth it.Hoping the custom night will be fun, though I can only assume it will be in the Ennard world, as I cannot image how you can make Ballora gallery crawl harder or easier. That and also because it will need 3 stars. So basically, we will get the fun game (assuming all animatronics will be there) in December, while this 1 hour of watching Vampire drama and listening to Baby's voice (emphesis on the word ""voice"") was just a short preamble. Also ""mining"" for that minigame at night 5 is a pain.This is not a rant, I love the series, just after 3rd game they interest me more becaus eof the story (which is all over the place) rather than the scares - there aren't any here.This was going to be my least favourite untill I found out about the Ennard game, so now it is right above 4th (least favourite). Although main-story wise it is the worst in my opinion."
76561198078531903,Not Recommended,506610,26221075,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Rainy Writer,"I kinda liked it at first. It seemed rather different than the other games. It had more than just checking doors or cameras. Yet at some point it seemed way too boring. Waiting for the lift to go down all the way was fun at night 1 and 2. Then it just started getting frustrating. The fact that there is no checkpoint and even though you think you are doing everything correct such as *spoiler alert:*entering the passcode for the baby, literally random jumpscares as far as I could see. And starting all over again with the walking and listening. Moreover when you get to the walking part, still, once you die, all over again. It would make sense if there was a reality to follow.What does go forward and then left mean? Does it mean go forward for 10 seconds and then left? Or maybe 1 seconds of W and instantly turning left? So it basically isn't giving enough info for you to even enjoy it since you'll just end up dying for a cheap-reeaaallllyy cheap- jumspcare which doesn't even scare you whatsoever.I believe this could have been much much better. It does not have the impact or the stress like the first games had.If you really still wonder what the game is like purchase it and see for yourself. Maybe you'll like it but I doubt you'll enjoy it as much as you enjoyed the first games."
,Recommended,506610,26367466,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Toasterberry,I bought this for the irony
,Recommended,506610,25908842,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,スパイシーミーム,"This game is very different from all the other FNaF games, (Spoilers Bellow)You have free roam, you don't always do the same thing; hide, repair freddy, there are stealth sections, and that's all i've done so far. Over all like Scott said this isn't fnaf 5, it's too different, it's a spin-off point and click game in all honesty."
,Recommended,506610,26120793,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Nightmare Medic Girl(No WIFI),"This is one of the best FNAF games yet FNAF 4 is my second favorite FNAF SL  has cutscenes, voice acting, great suspence but it is short but I still love it"
,Not Recommended,506610,25946200,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Callity,"Sister location was announced around, 6 months ago, I believe, and has been hyped up so much that the fanbase has suddenly become a lot more active than it was before the release of the game. This review will probably get a lot of dislikes but its my honest opinion.Sister location seems to carry over from one of the biggest critisisms from the 4th fnaf game - its just too darn difficult. Unlike the other games, this one is more of a linear story with lots of different types of puzzles in it that you have to complete, but these puzzles aren't really explained very well. For example, the night 3 puzzle of climbing through the ""Funtime Foxy"" room dosent really explain how to actually complete the puzzle, only that ""the animationic is motion sensored"", and that the flash beacon you have ""Should be used as less as possible"". They don't tell you that you actually have to use it too see if the animatronic is in front of you,And if it is, you stop for a few seconds untill its gone.I actually had to look up youtube videos of the nights to understand how to complete them.Another problem is checkpoints. If you do manage to get past one of the really hard puzzles, the checkpoints are just not very good and very scarcely placed. When I was playing through the second night, themove when there isnt any musicpart was pretty easy but it took a long time, and once you got through it to the breaker room, which is actually really difficult, if you die it places you back before the room, meaning you need to slowly play through it again just because you died on some bullsh*t puzzle.I originally intended to play through the game properly, but up untill I completely gave up at night 4, I just kept going into the games save text file and changing the night I was on because I didn't want to continue trying the same bullsh*t puzzle over and over again.Sure, call me stupid, that im in-patient and that im just a re*ard for not being able to complete even a part of this game, but being a very long supporter of the franchise (Ive been here since fnaf 1) and, out of all my friends that also played it, was able to complete night 6 on fnaf 1 and 2, and complete fnaf 3 normally long before all of my freinds that also played, I think I would say that I am, in fact, ""Smart"" enough that I should be able to progress in even a small part of the game.Not to mention the games terrible... whats the word... ""steam verification""? Thats it. Most steam games would require steam to be open and logged in to play, while this game, as well as all the other fnaf games, is literally just a single .exe file that can be copied and played by anyone who dosent actually own the game. Its like the creator wanted the game to be easily pirated.If you think this is a crap review because I only have 1 hour on the game, ive played it more than that. Ive played it with my friend quite a lot over the past few days and we played around 5 hours of it and he would most likely write the exact same review.That concluded one of my first ever ""Proper"" Steam reviews. I hope the infomation here has helped you, and hopefully Scott, if by the slim chance he is actually reading this. If you honestly dissagree with my opinion, hit the ""this didn't help me"" button and tell me what I said wrong. Please don't press the button just because you don't agree with my opinion."
,Recommended,506610,26251006,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,SpookyNoodlez,"It's basically FNaF: Story mode. A great step forward for the series and I hope all future FNaF games have a ""Classic"" and a ""Story mode."
76561198043374299,Not Recommended,506610,26299994,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Darth Xile,"Boring, Predictable, Lazy.  If you have the mind of a six year old maybe you'll find this scary."
,Recommended,506610,26927938,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rev-O-Lantern,AMAZING ♥♥♥♥ING GAME! Scott you done it again!
76561198120406268,Recommended,506610,25915672,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,[DFS] An Average Leafeon,This game is the bomb...but there is one problem. There's this glitch when you stop the bidybaps for the 2nd time. Nothing happens.
76561198146918829,Recommended,506610,26281541,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,-=(TNE)=- Doctor,very fun
76561198268121344,Recommended,506610,25933562,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ckrupa,"i just want to say its actually a story its the best fun i've had in fnaf ever. i've only played up to night 3 but it's really fun.so yeah, thanks scott.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guzr9G_1l10that's my vid"
76561198311136010,Recommended,506610,25941960,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Creed342,Best FNAF Ever !!! Scott create more !!!
76561198283537586,Recommended,506610,25934187,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,jaxrains,OMG SCARIEST FNAF yet! People have complained about fnaf usually being cheap jumpscares with boring gameplay and being unfair but this game has overtaken all of those! I always feel terrified at all times due to the creepy atmosphere and terrifying animatronics. I always feel like I'm being chased and never move if I don't need to. First time I played this I was to scared to leave the little safe zone under the desk on night 2! I highly recommend this game to any fnaf freak or average joe just because of how amazing it actually is! Even if you don't keep up with the lore or like fnaf at all it's ok because this game has no relevance to the original lore and doesn't even feel like a cheap fnaf ripoff! Scott Cawthon hats off to you for making such an amazing game! Keep making more! 10/10
76561198012390569,Recommended,506610,25914837,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Willow Woods,"It's so far fun and different than the last few FNAF's and you have a bit more of an idea on what to do, plus it has comedy. However I giggled a bit thinking how many people skipped school, called in sick, or kept refreshing their steam around 11:59 pm to be the first to comment, review, or post a lets play video.."
76561198211717529,Recommended,506610,25933585,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,MR.CAT,its so scary and fun so worth 6.75
,Recommended,506610,25933732,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ViperX1987,Scary fun very different from the fnaf games
,Recommended,506610,25937228,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Veri Funni,Is vry gut mang
,Recommended,506610,25932428,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Vortex,"First this fnaf is much good then the last 4 games because the story is so intense and the movement,tension and adrenaline is amazing!Nice job Scott!!"
76561198160481268,Recommended,506610,25912651,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Darkborne,"Something different and interesting, oh gee oh my!"
76561198306064703,Recommended,506610,30228942,Posted: 27 February,all,jesseestes661,Really fun and great game. One of my favorites asid from the first and second. Recommended you buy this with the franchise pack :P
76561198142747624,Recommended,506610,30134388,Posted: 23 February,all,☆VG☆Piper the sniper,super great... finishes the whole story very well. nice and fresh. do purchise
76561198293691607,Recommended,506610,25990533,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,fandomtrash1987,"this game has a perfect atmosphere for this type of game. the aspect of you going to the animatronics instead of them coming to you and kind of switching things around is amazing in my opinion. i love the voice acting and easter eggs as well. something that really caught my eye is the fact that an animatronic is actually helping you instead of trying to kill you. also, the angsty teen voice tho! 10/10 best in the series by far"
76561198062988817,Recommended,506610,25988847,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,spynebreaker,"Great game, until night 4. Night 4 is a game breaker. The difficulty spike is way too steep. It feels almost broken or bugged. It may be. I know it is doable but for people that only have a few minutes a day to play a great game, night 4 will become the real nightmare. Needs a hotfix. Still, up until this point I have had a blast!"
76561198149261515,Recommended,506610,26000646,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ReploidCollector05,"(Originally, I posted a review in which I ranted about the difficulty of Night 4 and didn't recommend the game to anyone but hardcore players. But after having a stunning revelation, I have come to change my opinion of this game.)Like I said before, I thought Sister Location was fun and scary. It was also hilarious at times, especially with the having-trouble-with-the-keypad thing! Nights 1-2 were my favorite parts of the game. Ballora (who I hate with a passion) was the first animatronic to scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me! And I was lucky enough to escape Funtime Freddy without losing once. Which is weird, cause Ballora killed me twice!But the game starts to get harder near the end of Night 3, when you have to deactivate hand puppet Bonnie. And then Night 4, the most hated night of them all, follows. Whereas previous sections of the game had you do difficult tasks, this one will most likely be THE MOST ANNOYING AND FRUSTRATING TASK you'll ever do! Trust me when I say you'll lose...over and over and over and over again (unless you are an expert at this type of thing). I only won after I backed-up my save file, uninstalled the game, then reinstalled it to try again! Why did I do it? Cause I just don't know when to give up sometimes. I somehow managed to get lucky and beat it after a few more losses.But I've realized that this one bad night (and Night 5) doesn't make the game horrible as a whole. Some games just have a change in the level of challenge without warning, yet they're still beloved for their core gameplay. And the gameplay and story here is pretty solid. Though I still had questions at the end, I enjoyed getting conflicting advice from the intercom guy and Baby, as well as dying on Nights 1-2. So aside from the difficulty spike of Night 4 (and of course, the asinine keypad portion of Night 5), this game is okay. If you like Five Nights at Freddy's and think you can handle Night 4 and not rage quit, then this game is for you.If you think this game's not for you, it's perfectly fine.It wasn't for me either, since I gave in and rage quit after I got to the Scooper Room and my game froze after I got scooped (there was no blood on the screen and I couldn't exit the game, just look around wtf). I tried and tried, but couldn't beat the keypad game again, and I finally got to a point where I just couldn't do it anymore. I think I'm just going to go back to watching professionals play Five Nights at Freddy's instead of playing the games. It's just too much for me to deal with. Have fun everyone. :'("
76561198219232960,Recommended,506610,26274284,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,hoofed doxdead,i like it but the night 4 is imposible
,Recommended,506610,25949137,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SuperMarioFanIdol,"This game is AMAZING! I'm not just saying it because I have played all of the games, but this game is really well made. Voice acting isn't cheese, Story is really well-crafted, and mixes comedy and horror very well. Some people don't like the jokes and the popcorn sequence, but it ties in really well. It also calms down your nerves after a stressful night. I was expecting the game to be a 6-hour survival like the last ones, but I'm glad Scott took a different route for this one. The game is different, in a good way. Gameplay is awesome! I love the fact that we can move around and have to survive the different mechanics from each animatronic. I do wish that Baby was more involved in it, rather than just whispering and Night 5. It would have been nice to have to survive from her. The replay factor is very low with this one, though. FNAF2 was really good for replaying because of it's custom night. Sister Location was more story-based so after you beat Night 5 (and Night ""6""), you really wouldn't touch the game again, unless you like searching for easter eggs. I would talk about Night 4's difficulty, but if it wasn't for that night, the game would have been too easy. People would be mad cause they ""expected a challenge"" and didn't get it. Other than that, the price isn't bad, and it's DEFINITELY worth it.8/10 - Great(Custom Night and Challenges would have been nice.)"
76561198200489242,Recommended,506610,25965363,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Lilyheart,Another Amazing Game by Scott!
76561198254691320,Recommended,506610,25977485,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Honeycomb787,Great game! Love the story and all the suspence!
76561198299779993,Recommended,506610,29966659,Posted: 16 February,all,mikhal101205,ON MY CUMPUTER IF I TRY TO JUMP IN THE MINIGAME THEN SOMETHING IS HAPENDING SO FIX IT TO WE NEED TO PRESS SPACE TO JUMP!!!!
,Recommended,506610,25954807,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,JAM,It's a good game and one of the scariest. I haven't played much but it still is fun.
76561198159824012,Recommended,506610,25958379,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Weirdo2000,"Now, don't get me wrong, this is a great game, I beat nights 1,2,3, and 5 and got both endings. But night 4 is way too hard, Scott needs to tone down the difficulty a lot, I had to skip the night just to continue with the game. Night 4 is harder than night 5, and that's not okay for a FNaF game.★★★★✩"
,Recommended,506610,25952645,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Freakzoid11,Finally got the resolution of the game to look good :)
76561198115246847,Recommended,506610,25970049,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ryan The Game'r,im so scared i cant get pass night 2 it isint like any other fnaf game its scaryer just wow
,Recommended,506610,25920383,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,TheDinosaur2005,"This game I have to say is the hardest of the 5 games it took me forever to complete it all (by forever I mean 12 hours) but eventually I did beat it. I really like the design of the animatronics in this game they're all really well done and shiny even shinier than the fnaf 2 animatronics. Scoring time based on (1. Gameplay, 2. Design, 3. Difficulty and 4. Jumpscares)For Gameplay I give a 9/10, for design I give a 8/10, for difficulty i'll give it a 9/10 and finally jumpscares i give a 9/10. Final score is a 8.5/10 the best one so far."
,Recommended,506610,25916667,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Pee on You Fool,"I'm very glad Scott decided to release the game even though he was having second thoughts! He is a developer of video games who always impresses me. Unlike other game developers who would just as likely tell you to ""deal with"" whatever they put out, Scott actually cares and wants his fans to have the best quality vidya game he can make. I've played until night two and am just about to go back in with my headphones to enjoy the new non-linear game formula that clearly has a lot of thought put into!Flickering lights, haunting VO, and of course the series staple eerieness is all back and even better than ever! Great job, Scott! We appreciate all your hard work!"
,Recommended,506610,25917684,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MajoraKlens,"This game was an extremely good move by Scott Cawthon. Not did he just manage to completely change the formula on FNaF successfully, but he pushed through our expectations like a friggin train conductor on cocaine.Firstly, the game no longer has the ""Sit & Survive"" technique where you try to keep animatronics away from you by staying in one spot, thereby creating an atmosphere or terror everywhere.Secondly, you now have to be more strategic to plan your escape, such as timing when to look at Funtime Freddy while rebooting errors.Thirdly, and the largest change, you no longer have to survive until 6:00 AM. This requires you to do what you are told to do, and if you fail at any given task, you die. Once all chores are done, you proceed to the exit.These are just a few reasons why Scott Cawthon did a good job and finally creating something different. Any fans of the series will enjoy this, and new fans may finally find out what they've been missing. Thank you Scott for everything, continue what you're doing with FNaF and any other projects you may be working on, we will all support you no matter what happens....Also you can watch TV and eat popcorn. Can't get any better than that, can ya?"
76561198192574426,Recommended,506610,25952606,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,C4NDYC4PYB4R4,"Amazing LOVE IT (exept can't get past night 3 because i can NEVER get past Funtime Freddy, it is not a glitch)"
76561198238148642,Recommended,506610,25954572,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,crazy panda gaming,best fnaf yet love it so fun and i love that you go through the vents and its so nerve racking when your running through funtime aditorium or walking quietly through balloras room
76561198335141898,Recommended,506610,25954613,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,restroupe,"This is such an amazing game!The jumpscares scare the crap out of me,the voices are creepy,and the designs are VERY well done!I'm on night 4 now.Keep up the great work Scott!"
76561198082059468,Recommended,506610,25965165,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,TheDragonWars599,"Love this game alot I'll give it a 8/10, because when I get into the scooper room it hits me but I don't die and it just stays there frozen like. Anyone else having this problem it's kinda making me mad because I have to restart night 5 from the very beginning."
76561198312582984,Recommended,506610,25928210,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,BlueElectro03,"I really love this game! Every since I got it yesterday, I been playing trying to beat all of the nights. I'm still on night 4, it's very difficult. This game has changed my perspective on FNAF forever. I truly recomend this game to anyone who wants to get scared, look for easter eggs, or just have fun!"
,Recommended,506610,25932580,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,AZERTUD (AFK until October 22nd),"This game is probably the most story-telling episode of the franchise. New concrete elements are added to the story resulting in a complete new point of view on many characters and aspects of the game. The only bad point is the fact that the game can't be truly appreciated if you've not read the book or played the 4 previous games especially the 3 and the 4.From a gameplay view, each night have now a different gameplay. This is the exact contrary as the previous games but the Point and Click aspect is still here and well-conserved. The bad aspect can be the not-well-balanced difficulty between the nights leading sometimes to an impossibility to complete the story.An episode that can completely satisfy theorists about FNaF but I'm not that sure that the first-day-Fans will think the same.I recommend that game to anyone who is really studying the FNaF story seriously and is in need for answers."
76561198262953248,Recommended,506610,26026677,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,abbey2584,"THIS IS THE BEST FNAF GAME EVER MADE BY SCOTT! If you can buy it, because it's very different and has a really good story line and graphics!"
,Recommended,506610,26001702,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Elmo Is Here 420$$,Good Game but really difficult on some nights like the 4th and 2nd night. plz patch
76561198259145240,Recommended,506610,26009121,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,DleckgamingYT,awesome
,Recommended,506610,26009967,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Timmay!,I do recomend this to other people because this (in my opinion) is the best FNAF game so far the realism texture and detail on every anamitronic was amazing there is no doubt that this IS the best FNAF game EVER and will be for a long time good job Scott.
76561198181078677,Recommended,506610,26040851,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,[rainbow]ArmentaBird_602,best game i ever played jumpscares are good bollora scared the crap out of me i hope scott makes another game who ever is reading this you should realy get the game has a great series
,Recommended,506610,25994301,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,NéoDobéStudios,THIS GAME IS SO COOOOOOOL
76561198135493859,Recommended,506610,25955181,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,AngryThor,"Even though this game has been out for only two days, I have managed to get both endings, and have come up with bunches of theories! I loved this game as a whole, Every night is different, and challenging! The 4th night really got me though, it took me about 2 or 3 hours to get it, as well as the [SPOILER ALERT] ""Ennard Ending"" The only thing I disliked this about this game, is how repetitave it can be. I was struggling with the last part of the 2nd night, and I wanted to take a small break from it. When I went back to play it later, I had to go through the entire night again. I understand that the game probably is supposed to be this way, but I just didn't enjoy repeating that. Although overall I think this was the best FNaF game! I recomend anyone who is thinking about getting it, to get it! Great Job Scott ;)"
,Recommended,506610,26087459,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,MrSkrubs hellcase.com,Well...... The story is pretty good. I have nothing else to say. 10/10
,Recommended,506610,25948569,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Prof. Chungus,"Damn never would have thought I'd be giving a positive review for a Fnaf game, but I really enjoyed this one. This is a really impressive game for only being made by one guy. You can tell scott really cared about making this one good. Best way to play is to go in blind and don't watch any videos, so if you haven't already don't."
76561198350792625,Recommended,506610,29152031,Posted: 9 January,all,taylor.acnl,I love this game. I recommend it to the people who like fnaf. This is my opinion though. Thx Scott.
76561198044560085,Recommended,506610,26063372,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,[DFS] Doctor Roo,"Now, many people would say that FNAF and it's mechanics are getting old. However, this game was a delightful surprise for me, and other fans. Instead of being restricted to one room, you are able to move about the building, though the game is rather linear in this regard. The mechanics are changed up and don't rely on a single mechanic like the 4 other games. There's even voice acting, in this one, and may I add the voice acting is really good for an indie game. Another thing I like is that some points of this game contain comic relief to make the player feel a bit better and relieve some of the stress brought on by the frightening animatronics. If you liked any of the FNAF games, I highly recommend this one. I think it's by far the best in the series."
76561198246543120,Recommended,506610,26033866,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,That Pat Tato Monkey,"Honestly, FNaF was starting to die down a bit for me after FNaF World, but this game shed a whole new light on the franchise and is honestly one of the best games I have ever played! You really outdid yourself Scott. ;)Also thanks for a contagious meme about butter."
76561198236938824,Recommended,506610,26040282,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,MJK_Gaming,AMAZING GAME10/10
,Recommended,506610,25946635,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,JohnSheppard,The best Five night at freddy's game ever :D.
,Recommended,506610,25948649,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TheRealDonaldTrump,VERY GOOD GAME LOVED IT WELL DONE TO SCOTT!  I LOVE THIS GAME!defantly recommended to 11 or above as it may scare younger children! 10/10 tho.
,Recommended,506610,25948798,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Katana-Man.exe,This game is the best!!!! Purchase this game!!!!
76561198329390815,Recommended,506610,25949894,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,amazingsantanapro,when u accidentally press new game instead of continue
76561198294793808,Recommended,506610,25953548,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Zombie Wars,the game is good i like roaming in the game im on night 4 thak you scott i really enjoy fnaf franchise i only go 1and4 and what play on it really good i hope you make a another fnaf game and i will totely play the game but i got to say i like this better then 4th and 1st a lot more better
76561198304677252,Recommended,506610,25955698,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,nerdytv12,"I played Five Nights at Freddy's Sister Location and Wow it's got a great story, great voice acting and of course Lot's and lot's of jumpscares.......well done Scott This is my favorite FNAF game so far it's amazing."
76561198058591016,Recommended,506610,25931608,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Grips,Great Game!
,Recommended,506610,25933470,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,[CCG]The Official Stroomer,"The game provides a great experience for the story. With the main focus of providing a story, not much constant gameplay is shown. The real gameplay everyone would love is hidden in the easter eggs."
,Recommended,506610,25945038,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Spike,"When I bought this FNaF game I expected another re-hash with some new elements and lore to explore. Boy was I wrong. Scott did a great job, the voice acting is great and suspense plays a huge part in the tasks you perform. From crawling on the floor as an animatronic listens for you, to holding a door shut because a baby wants to rip your face off. Probably won't finish it because I'm more of a baby than Baby, reccomend it though even if you're not a FNaF fan."
,Recommended,506610,25915316,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,mind365,I have been a fan of the Fnaf franchise since fnaf 2 just because of it's lore. I never loved the actual games a ton. This game changed that for me.Sister location is not like other fnaf games. Being a more story based game compared to a survival horror game.Pros:-Great lore-Fun gameplayCons:-Night 4 was almost impossible. I am not alone on this. Many people have had a extremly difficult time getting through night 4. It is so hard it gets to the point the game becomes annoying and rage indusing.9.5/10Great job Scott!
,Recommended,506610,26095233,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,dog,"I'm surprised that this game isn't a friccin rehash of the last 4 games. Not so far inBecause I keep dying while rebooting the system in night 2, but I can already tell this game is better than 3-4. Which I felt had very little reason in existing."
,Recommended,506610,26037093,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Zaymbus SFM,"THIS IS LITERALLY The BEST FNaF Game out there! I recommend this to NON-FNaF Fans who haven't played one,It's so different being able to walk around, experience cutscenes and WALKING AROUND!!Also, the comedy IS SO GREAT! It's WORTH THE EIGHT BUCKS!!     ;)"
76561198314463848,Recommended,506610,26040963,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ChrisG09,"I really liked this game a lot! I like how the mechanics change in each night than the whole survive from 12am-to-6am thing from the other FNAF games. The voice acting is the one I really liked the most about this game! Hearing the animatronics speak creates tension and more story in the game. But, there is only ONE thing I don't like about this game and it's pretty minor. The game is kinda too short. The other FNAF games were long because of the extra nights and the 20 mode. But, I don't have that problem with the game. So far, I give this game a 9.5/10. This becomes my second favorite FNAF game behind FNAF 4."
76561198334417362,Recommended,506610,25918495,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,insanity_girl29,It's so amazingly beautiful. Annoying that I'm stuck on night 2 but amazing none the less/
,Recommended,506610,25981974,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Kay Kay,"Amazing!You can tell that a lot of effort was put into this. I'm not finished playing this game yet but I'm getting there. I've been recording my game play, editing it, and am in the process of uploading more parts onto my YouTube channel. So I've been playing parts at a time instead of just finishing the whole game up at once.I just want to say that the voice work in this is spectacular! The visuals are definitely different from the last four games and have very much improved. Even though it is intense and scary, I certainly do appreciate the humor that was put into this as well. It helps with evening out the game's atmosphere when it comes to having such a dark lore and story behind the game itself as well as the others. Also the cut scenes and the endless amount of popcorn definitely adds to the humor aspect of this game. Which was enjoyable for me.Don't even get me started on the exotic butters! :-)I want to thank Scott for fixing that glitch on night two. That update made a difference for me and I was able to get past night two as soon as the problem was fixed.I give this game 11/10. That extra point is for the passion that was put into this project.Nice job, Scott! God bless you and much love to you, sir."
76561198049254567,Recommended,506610,25912933,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,mavsfan11,This is the FNAF we don't deserve.... but the one that will be making us wear depends for the rest of our days....
,Recommended,506610,26039891,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Yovry,This game is great! It is way different than the other ones but in a good way. I even played this for my YouTube channel (https://m.youtube.com/channel/UCKjMztZ15hj_S8womUwGwoQ) I have only played up to night 4 now but an having a blast!
76561198084705579,Recommended,506610,25953935,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ハムスターテイマー,Popcorn?
76561198312428068,Recommended,506610,25961098,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,kill-me-baby,"It's scary and I like this game. But there is a strange bug when I switch to desktop, the mouse pointer cann't move then. My pc system is windows 10 64 bit. Is there anyone has the same problem with me? It's so annoying that I have to exit the game to process something and start from the begining,"
,Recommended,506610,25975424,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Karli's #1 BFF,"This is a different kind of FNAF game, it breaks the formula the first four games had and tries something new, more interactive I should say. But not to worry, it succeeds well at giving a breath of fresh air to the series while also keeping the feel of a FNAF game organized into 5 nights. The scares are pretty good in this one too, it'll have you on edge a majority of the time. Overall, I think it's a great addition to the series, and it's worth the price. I can't wait to see what updates may be in store. Also, screw you night 4 (althought I beat it before the nerf patch, so bragging rights!)"
,Recommended,506610,25974991,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,temmie12,"Sl did not have much independence than i hoped for.Scott not to offend you but, I loved it, good jumpscares, nice animation, and good designs. But no independence! I hope I did not offend anyone, But I do see a good amount of sequles, with the way he ended it.Thank you for reading MY oppinion, and I hope I did not offend anyone!"
,Recommended,506610,26001759,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,VortexIsHere,Five Nights at Freddys Sister Location is a new FNAF in the series that will never be forgotten. Five Nights at Freddys has improved so much from the last time I played it.Every night is something new and each night always hold a challenge.The other fnaf games were just the same thing all over again the same thing each night.There was never a story to follow before but in sisters location you follow a story. I rate this game 9.6/10
76561198032744698,Recommended,506610,25981456,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,OksyGenium,I love Butter and this game
,Recommended,506610,25918297,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,invaderzz,i enjoyed this video game a lot
76561198295420247,Recommended,506610,25936869,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,MotorBikeCereal,AMAZING GAME!!! Totally recommended! The fact that there is no music makes the experience really authentic. I felt like I was IN the game. The ending(s) were amazing! Love this game.
76561198279366457,Recommended,506610,25966286,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Oddilluzion,"stunning graphics and well done jumpscares, it doesnt feel like five nights at freddys completely, probably because its certain rooms and animatronics a night, but that the point, its not supposed to BE like fnaf, still a great game"
76561198214088413,Recommended,506610,25951653,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Seansalot,"Great game, well done, Scott"
76561198308623534,Recommended,506610,25912624,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,proemf02,"BEST IN THE SERIES. Scott truly did it this time. This game has more of an emphasis on story this time around (thankfully). And for the first time, more characters actually SPEAK to you. The game's mechanics verbally teach you this time, almost making the game look easy (but rest assured, it's not). I'm on the 2nd night (currently) and have gotten jumpscared 3 times. The graphics look the same as past FNAF games but are still great. Easily one of the best indies this year. A LOT better than FNAF 4. Overall, 9/10."
,Recommended,506610,25928244,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,kalashnikov,start the gamesneak sneak sneakfoxy creeps upjumpscare10/10 would scared again
76561198212632027,Recommended,506610,25971490,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ducky,this game is hard but its very fun
,Recommended,506610,25931696,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,MG_Dan,"Well. HOLY CRAP. This game is EPIC, and i only played night 1 and 2, scott, with the addition of better graphics, new controls, and voice acting, this game is at the top of its ranks, this mixes the normal FNAF formula and adds more to it, i reccomend this game, and get it before october 14 because that sale is on fire!"
,Recommended,506610,25919980,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,JagOFate,"I played this game, and I liked it.This game is definately scary.Until I came across a bug.This bug was so bad, that voice lines would not be triggered.Yes, that's right.Not be triggered.This meant that I had absolutely no idea what to do, and I could not get past night 2 because of the fact that I could not hear Ballora's music.This bug is so bad, that no matter how hard I try, it will not go away.Sure, I reccomended the game, because it's good.EDIT: turns out it was something with the computer. Got it on another pc and and it worked fine, and the game was great."
,Recommended,506610,26429287,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Nivvy,"So I just played three nights of this, and my heart is weak and no. (kinda gameplay spoilers below?) (Idk if these really spoil anything since they have nothing to do with the story and your expeirence might be different)1st night ""learning the ropes"" or ""is forced into hiding under a desk from Circus Baby"" - I got this, I'm terrified but intrigued and questioning my descision (but in a good way). Power goes out....all vents open....is told to hide.....you know I'm not to keen on this currently....something looks at me through tiny holes in the desk...NOOOOOO PLEASE GO AWAY.....has to hold onto the desk to keep it from pulling it off me....crys.2nd night ""Bellora Gallery"" - .has to crawl through a dark gallery with an animatronic on my tail..... UMMM HELL NO....but I did it in one try. yas.3rd night - ""Fun Time Foxy Gallery"" - Oh I got this! I slayed Bellora Gallery so this should be doable. Gets cocky. This is so fine. Lights go off.....um ok hahaha......is told not to use flash light because Foxy will see me.....ok lol......has to use flashlight to see the door.....gets jumpscared and screams.10/10 would do again."
76561198170610682,Recommended,506610,26443425,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,tHICC fREDDY,"this game is just wow! there is a good story  behind it , its *different* and it has an amasing cast of antagonists!cons:the game is a tad too short , id like a 3rd ending where ,because of a system failure caused by anamatronics, circus baby's pizza world begins to collapse , you start from the furthest room away , and then baby chaces you , saying things like""come back!"" and ""we need you.."" , the other anamatronics will try to block you so baby can get you and you *and the anamatronics get crushed.* but if you make it... baby gets in the elevator.. the screen fades black and then..  you hear a loud jumpscare and the credits roll.. this ending would be called ""crushed"" what do you get in the menu screen? sircus babys eye.."
,Recommended,506610,25974961,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Lieutenant,"Really Fun,One Of The Most Fun/Realistic/Funny/Horrific Games I Have Ever Played If You Have A Spre 7 Bucks And Dont Know What TF To Do With It,Sister Location Is Not A Waste Of Your Time."
,Recommended,506610,26082357,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,JoshuaTheBeast15,This fnaf installment is short then the other but will syill give you a scare as you roam around the violent killer animertronic scott has put in a Funtime Fredbear endoskeleton in funtime foxy's area but it is rare to see i think you should grab the game.
76561198272049740,Recommended,506610,28907534,Posted: 1 January,all,supremewormy,Night 4 Is Too Hard.... Could someone give me a tip how to get rid off the minireenas Other then wiggling? But its still fun.
,Recommended,506610,28996546,Posted: 3 January,all,aden (breathing in hope),night 1 too easynight 2 nope
76561198067602974,Recommended,506610,29017620,Posted: 4 January,all,kitzune,this game is recomended not for the squeemish tho the onlyprt i don't like is when you get scooped!
,Recommended,506610,28968501,Posted: 2 January,all,mimicheerio,soo freakin good
76561198119389038,Recommended,506610,29054152,Posted: 5 January,all,lachstar04,by far the best FNaF game with the inclusion of the custom night the game has both it's story mode and then it's challenge mode i don't want to spoil it too much but please try this game.It takes up a bit of space so be careful.
,Recommended,506610,29010608,Posted: 4 January,all,Fungus the Clown,"This game breaks away from the linear FNAF formula to focus on a more campaign-like horror game, this design choice is much appriciated as the classic 'survive trapped in a room' gameplay was starting to get less interesting. This is clearly the most creative FNAF out of the entire series and I think that is it's best attribute. The gameplay is still quite similar to the last 4, but this time you have an array of different things to do in different rooms and only one of the rooms is survival related. To any fans who wantted the classic gameplay, there is the custom night, which is unlocked by beating the unfairly difficult fake ending and by completing the tedious minigame. The custom night is like the classic FNAF formula, but each character has their own (completely different) behaviour, which does add to the replayability. The custom night also adds on some lore to the game. Despite all this, the game still has strange problems like you not actually being able to edit the animatronics in the custom night and a lack of an options menu. If you are a fan of FNAF, you'll enjoy this game, if you hate FNAF, you won't, if you want to try out a horror game, give this a go, this is clearly the best one since the first and it's clear that Scott Cawthon is starting to head back in the right direction."
,Recommended,506610,26096394,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Awsome2464,"Without a doubt, this is my favorite one in the series. It has suspsense, it has humor, and it has story. Honestly, those 3 things are what made FNaF what it is, in my opinion. While Scott took a big risk changing the FNaF formula, I personally believe it paid off in his favor. I'd love to see more games in this style from Scott!"
,Recommended,506610,26103956,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,KrazzyKK,One of the best fnaf games ever!
,Recommended,506610,25972287,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Demoniaaaa,"I absolutely loved this game. Most fnaf games, I wasnt able to play on my own due to the fact I had a mac, but i recently got a pc and did an entirely blind playthrough for this installment! Its a refreshing change from the usual ""sit in a room and watch cameras"" formula the games are known for.My only gripe was night 4. It was so rediculously hard pre patch and i felt like the patch did nothing to help it. There were points were i died so many times and got so annoyed i had to stop playing and walk around just to calm myself. It's unnessarily hard."
,Recommended,506610,26081951,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,AnaTGO,This game has change my entire perspective on Five Nights at Freddys and how the Gameplay has worked in the past is MAJORLY different to how it works now... Scott has made an amazing Game that was definently worth waiting for... It captures everything and more on what Five Nights at Freddy's has already produced... This Game is amazing and i hope for a Five Nights at Freddy's- Sister Location 2 in the future... Thank you Scott for this AMAZING game that my veiwers enjoy :)
,Recommended,506610,26082383,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,T3nd3r Nutz,A pretty fun game to play. Even better to play at night with the lights off. I've never jumped more at a game til this one. I've never played any of the FNAF games but now after playing this one i am going to play them all.
,Recommended,506610,25916204,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Designumm,"This is a lot different from the other Five Nights at Freddy's games. There is no ""Survive till 6:00 A.M"" thing, you have to complete tasks each night to progress through the night. In total this game is worth it, at least in my opinion, this game lived up to the hype and it was well worth it."
76561198256332314,Recommended,506610,25916208,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The Mercy,"I'd love to say that this game is good, but given that i can't get passed night 2, I cannot; the game is glitched. When I get to night 2 and close the desk door for the 2nd time, absolutely nothing happens. I've tried several times, but I do't see anything that i'm doing wrong... Scott please I want to play your cool game D:Also, when Scott updates the game to rid of this game breaking bug, I hope that he also let's us skip the elevator scenes...I've had to hear an angsty teen tell me what to do at least 13 timesAlso, I know that Scott is really good, so I'm going to recommend the game despite the fact that i'm having some issues..."
,Recommended,506610,25971706,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Benzeel,Great Game But Needs More Work I think You Yes You Mr.Scott Should Add in the things in to the game: press Y to Yell Press and hold Y + H to yell for help. and please also add in: Word choiceses it allows you to respond to anamatronics and handy unit and let there be mulitple things you can say. That would be VERY VERY apriceated. oh and also the springlock suit thing is still very very hard. and this game might make you rage or get frustrated. one more thing this game may get boring after awhile. ik what ur thinking right now probably OMG BEN ENOUGH O_O . but i have more! this game needs more way more to it and needs beginer mode normal mode Good mode and Pro Mode Thank You For Reading This and i may have more reviws later as the game updates. Sinsierly -Benzeel (Super Ultra number 1 Fan Of Scott cawthon and all of his EPIC Games)
,Recommended,506610,25971956,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,cooleyandrewlink,"It is funny and scary at the same time. only bad thing is night 4, it's hard!!!!!!i give it 9/10"
,Recommended,506610,26012154,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,WolfBread64,Not bad for a reboot after fnaf world. I must say it gives you a sense of terror when you're forced to shock the animatronics.The only downside is I'm glitched and stuck on the funtime freddy bonnie puppet part. I've tried everything to get past it.Other than that it's not bad.
76561198325777421,Recommended,506610,26074585,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,XMewtwo12X,I love this game. BUT I HATE NIGHT 4
76561198331861640,Recommended,506610,26103548,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ELITE,OMG it's amazing wen is custom night out i BEAT the game
,Recommended,506610,26106400,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,loganswagg77,If you like scary games and FNAF then this is for you.(Not for me tho)
76561198257861675,Recommended,506610,25919086,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Batman575!,Ive only played until Night 2 but this game is AMAZING!.I got so scared I exited the game entirely.The comedy is pretty good aswell when it says that you were trying to type Eggs benedict.I reccomend this game to everyone even people who didnt like the other games.9/10 There are one or two bugs that will hopefully be fixed later on.
76561198198876578,Recommended,506610,25995900,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Bon Bon,I like it it's the best game so scary I screamed my head off
,Recommended,506610,25959577,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ToneyIndiana93,when you drink hot chocolate and you get jumpscared by balloras skeleton
,Recommended,506610,25914214,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,A bug in the code,"It's different. In a good way.The other titles I was content with watching Markiplier play. After watching the first day on Youtube, I decided that I did need to buy this. I do like it so far up to day 2 and I'll be playing more. Sister Location feels way more quality than the previous titles did. The art is a lot more colorful and vibrant, the voice acting is top notch, and you're not glued to the same room fumbling around. There's a little bit of comedy and I think it does a good job at helping create suspense for what happens next. You lose your guard and it makes the jump scare a bit more interesting than just a loud noise and an animatronic in your face. The jump scare noise has also been toned down a bit, too, which I feel is a very positive change.Sister Location is a good step in the right direction. If this is what Scott is planning on doing with the FNAF series, then I'll be glad to buy the newer releases."
76561198178858161,Not Recommended,506610,25919083,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,PlebeianKing,"NIGHT 4 IS ABSOLUTE TRASH, PLEASE FIX IT!!!! Not sure if it's just a bug, but my mouse goes wonky while playing this game, moving on its own. This makes night 4 literally impossible because i can't keep my cursor on the springlocks.  Stuck on night 4 for 3 and a half hours."
76561198161159698,Recommended,506610,33734661,Posted: 22 July,all,drivingmecrazy05,Great game tells alot of the story and it is diffecult but fun and scary.
,Recommended,506610,29125283,Posted: 8 January,all,I'm Havin A Goo Time,it is a scary nighshift game that is funny to see friends get scared
76561198307305405,Recommended,506610,25940013,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Splacid,I loved the game a ton I dont want to spoil the game but it was amazing I definitely recommend it for anyone got it on my crappy computer and runs so smothly scott keep it up I love your work. ;)
,Recommended,506610,28647930,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TFS Android 16,nice
76561198335775902,Recommended,506610,31778865,Posted: 15 May,all,super meme faker 4,"This game is great for those who love the Five Nights At Freddys ( or fnaf, your choice ) and I find it to have a interesting story. It took a risk in my opinion, switching freddy with baby, but it still makes a game enjoyable and frightning. I recommend this game to fans of the horror genre or just this francise in general. Great work Scott Cawthon! Keep scaring the crap out of kids!"
,Recommended,506610,26088691,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,d3c34s3d,"Ok game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community."
76561198134687994,Recommended,506610,25916097,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,VotedSnail527,FREAKIN AWESOME (extremely hard) BUT FREAKIN AWESOME!
,Recommended,506610,25915982,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,icake101,this game is not what i expected at all att he things are worried about arent here the game ios just a straight up master peice i just have a problem with the nights the nights change at night 4 and it would be nice and they all were going into the animatronics rooms i just think night 4 is too hard for the game i cant say anything about night five cause i havent gotten to it yet ._. but i still rate this game 10/10 for great graphics great rendering amazing story and very talented voice actors definantley the best in the series
,Recommended,506610,25916014,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Ainsley,"Its a great game but I would like the 4th night to be a bit better, it is difficult to enjoy a good horror game when you are trying to beat the same night for hours or even days. I would much appreciate it if you would fix this."
,Recommended,506610,25916092,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mr.PixeL,"Dear Scott,Thank you for give me vivid nightmares of baby stuffing me in a springlock suit, do you think it was a bad call for me to fall asleep during the ""hidnig under the desk?""Anyways lovely game, I'll retry my pitiful attempt at night two when I stop dreaming of Baby hunched over my bedside.10/10 Would cry again."
,Recommended,506610,26360534,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ส็็็A wrenchin' Nep,"FNaF: Sister Location is Scott Cawthon's best FNaF game.This review has been updated since the custom night was implemented. Recommendation was changed from ""No"" to ""Yes"".Let me start off with the good aspects of this game.Each night features a different (set of) survival minigame(s), making each night a fresh experience.The atmosphere is really good when it's required.In comparison to older games, it's noteworthy that FNaF: SL has a lot of animations, and you can move through the location and look up and down.The game features a lot of professional voice acting, and you have something to look forward to each night: Meeting a ""friend"". I think Scott Cawthon wanted the player to experience the Stockholm syndrome, and he definitely got me.Some scenes and a particular survival minigame are very humorous, although the jumpscares can still shock you if you don't expect them.A secret night and ending.Several challenges for you to complete on different difficulty levels once you have achieved both endings.Now let's get to the bad aspects.A few of the minigames make no sense and finding the one solution out of the many that could be just as sensible as the ""true solution"" is hard sometimes. Particularly on night 4. There are a lot of things that you need to pay attention to, you need to figure out what to do on your own, and it is rather hard even when you know what you're required to do. You keep dying over and over, and this night almost ruined my entire Sister Location experience.However I beat it before the difficulty was reduced, which means that I, and this had been said by Scottyboy himself, have bragging rights. *Smug face*Some users experience game-breaking glitches which prevent them from finishing certain nights. Not all players, but some, and although I haven't experienced a single glitch myself this is still worth pointing out.Still no settings.Unlike in FNaF 1 and 2, you cannot truly customize your ""custom"" night. You need to choose from a selection of presets and select a difficulty. Hopefully this will be patched in the future.Conclusion:This game is an amazing conclusion to the FNaF game series (if Scott doesn't make yet another sequel... I'm still waiting for TDA, mate...). I recommend it to any fans of the series, and possibly even newcomers. :)"
76561198106983847,Recommended,506610,25968467,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,impnumber1,"Well, this was certainly a departure from the franchise formula I loved.It's still a great game however. It got me to actually scream and my heart racing.The gameplay is great, and not as unforgiving as the previous FNAF titles (except when you're trying to get the good ending), the voice actors are great and i liked the story.Overall: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,506610,25967412,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MrCreativeCat,"Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location really changes up the gameplay in comparison to the first four games. Instead of getting your nights down to a routine as you did in FNAF 1-4, in this game, you need to complete different task each night in order to progress to the next level. Be warned though: Night 4 is a real challenge and will take time and concentration. This game is also much more story-driven than the other four games, and reveals key parts of the new but familiar storyline as you progress through each night. Another thing that makes this game so different than the other games is the use of voice actors. We have always wanted to hear what certain animatronics/people sounded like, and in this game you do for many characters. Overall, this is my favorite game in the Five Nights at Freddy's franchise!Custom night update: Wow... This game got 100 times better than it already was with the addition of the custom night. There is much more replay value in the game now, and the custom night is like a whole new game within the original game. Plus, a new key part to the storyline is revealed after beating all the nights on very hard. The best part about this update, though, is the fact that you can finally beep Fredbear's nose in any of the custom night stages! :D"
,Recommended,506610,25999650,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Rooster,"whats that? you don't like the spooks? well theres more spooks in this game than a spooky spooker could spook out a spook while he was spooking on the day of the spookening, while getting the spooks. 11/10 would spook again."
76561198308914738,Recommended,506610,27727968,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DiscoCreeper,Luv it.  SCOTT MAKE.A.SEQUEL
76561198323212680,Recommended,506610,35275228,Posted: 28 September,all,bryonr02,love this game
,Recommended,506610,35275038,Posted: 28 September,all,Kill Me™,Even Though Its A RehashIts Still KINDA Awsome.
,Recommended,506610,30755053,Posted: 26 March,all,Breadbear,"I love this game so much! My only issue is a player issue, and that is I can't get past the part after you crawl thruogh the Ballora Gallery."
,Recommended,506610,25954343,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Jells<3,"I absolutely loved 💕 this game it was a nice change and i like the game mecanics. Alos i kinda am getting a portaly vibe, anf with the easteregg at the private room . maybe this is what GLaDos has been up to since we left xD"
,Recommended,506610,35487847,Posted: 4 October,all,Jonathan Morrison,LOVE IT
76561198281666806,Recommended,506610,25911389,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,LillyTheRenderer,"Well, what do i say? I wasn't expecting what i got. I love the creativity with the voices.(SPOILER!) Scott, is it true that Ennard tricks you into the scooper room pretending to be baby, thats why he said ""i'm good at pretending"" so ennard was the one at the begining that lured you under the desk.I like the designs of the characters, there bulky they look real up to a point."
,Recommended,506610,35508369,Posted: 5 October,all,Mariojacob7red,I like how Scott Cawthon gets better and better at creating his series of Five Nights at Freddy's games and I can't wait until the Five Nights at Freddy's movie comes out! :D
76561198165021192,Recommended,506610,30240506,Posted: 28 February,all,french_toast06,"This game is scary, very scary, I mean the first time I played, Bidybab scared the crap out of me. Only problem, golden freddy very hard is IMPOSSIBLE! Ennard was doable, but this, Geez! Anyway buy it. Great story"
,Recommended,506610,30209962,Posted: 26 February,all,TNBonniethebunny,This Is One Of The Best games In The Fnaf Games So Far This game is not Glichey And It Has A Lot Of This To Do And You Will have Fun. (;
76561198024219546,Recommended,506610,25918670,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MilesJH,this ame is awsome scott really put his time and effort into thi gamethank you scott for making these gamesthis game has amazing voice  others better than theoriganal series
,Recommended,506610,29552539,Posted: 28 January,all,memez,"Ok, so when i first found this game i was like UGHHH NOT ANOTHER FNAF GAME! But i actually enjoyed playing it. You may be thinking. whuy wud u gEt dA gaem if u diznt loik it1!11111!? Well, i wanted to see if it was going to be actually a good game because it looked like it in the trailer and teasers. So, i bought it and playing for 20 minutes or more and it was pretty good! The music was epic! The scares were over the top and it was worth it. I give the voice acting a 6/10. The scares 9/10 and the whole game its self 10/10. Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,506610,26574273,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The Clown Prince Of Crime,The Best FNaF Game Ever!
,Recommended,506610,25915435,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Rick's Dead Body,"WARNING: THE SCARIEST GAME IN YEARS!!!!!1 THIS IS THE SCARIEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!! PEOPLE THAT GET SCARED EASILY SHOULD NOT PLAY THIS GAME!!! This game is fun and creepy. If you love scary horror games or you like the FNAF series, you should buy this game."
76561198166320206,Recommended,506610,26423641,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ticci Toby (ayano),AWSOME!!!!
76561198194780375,Recommended,506610,26429685,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Fuzzy JakeDC,This game is thrilling and fun at the same time good job scott cant wait for the custom night!!!
76561198256295906,Recommended,506610,26425814,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Huntgbunt (Bday: October 15),"Though it maybe considered a short game, Five Nights At Freddy's: SL really does capture the scare and suspense to give you the thriller."
,Recommended,506610,26426479,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,𝕋𝕖𝕙𝕄𝕦𝕥𝕖ℂ𝕒𝕥,"Got the game first day it came out and I must say, I was worried it wasn't going to be that good. Now honestly it was my least favorote but I still enjoyed it. I just liked thhe survival idea this is more of a storybased game. Also just a bit of bragging since Scott said I have the bragging rights.I beat night 4 before the update.Ha, take that FNaF community!Okay im done with the bragging."
,Recommended,506610,25928400,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SP👻👻PY G👻JI,"I bought this game on Oct 7th, and i thought, ""Omg, i have to get this game,"" and i did! Although this game scares the living crap outta me, it is still a very good game."
,Recommended,506610,25917140,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Tem06TheGamer,This game is just perfect!! it has such good style!i am so glad i even got to play this game!
76561198292700179,Recommended,506610,26704344,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ZOMBIESHOOTER,i love this game
76561198160416223,Recommended,506610,29730640,Posted: 5 February,all,FNAFGaming89,this is my most favorite fnaf gameit has a really good storylineandthe best voice actor i have ever heardi really reccommend buying it
76561198163455997,Recommended,506610,25910662,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,RATTLE ME BONES!!,"so another one of mr. cawthon's great horror games has been released. so... LET'S REVIEW IT SHALL WE!!!.... (akwardness increases).PROS:-AMAZING GRAPHICS and TEXTURES.-Awesome modeling.-Incredible environment.-Unique gameplay mechanics. (a little bit of free roam here and there)-TERRIFYINGLY, UNEXPECTED,♥♥♥♥♥BURSTING (immediate mud butt) JUMPSCARES!!-voice acting...and funny moments (i guess).CONS:-night 4 and 5.-a possibilty there will be more of these games-THE BIGGEST CON: THE WHOLE FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY'S COMMUNITY IN GENERAL!!!! (not really...the whole fandom tho...)and THERE YOU HAVE IT FOLKS thats my review on OVERHYPED TRASH...jk...i like this game so im giving it a 8/10so for people who are about to play this make sure to pack weeks worth of diapers.(or... maybe sit on a bucket... idk). ~(CUSTOM NIGHT CONFIRMED SO IM GIVING IT A POINT!!!!)~"
,Recommended,506610,25989449,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,goobas,"i would say its ok shorter than the other fnaf games, no enough secrets"
76561198120534828,Recommended,506610,27996406,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,lil jet Gaming,i love this game it is awesome and i am ready for the custom night. thank you scott for this franchise
,Recommended,506610,31850622,Posted: 19 May,all,Sicked Wick,2 spooky 4 me
,Recommended,506610,25943319,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Defii,"Sister Location is very different from other FNaF games; it's a lot better. It puts in even more atmosphere, which is a must for me in a horror game. If I'm not twitchy out of fear about what is going to jump out of the dark at the calmest part, then it isn't all that fun. And I was, I am. Crawling through each room was TERRIFYING. The breaker reset was a freaking anxiety attack ready to happen. Fixing the bots could make you a nervous wreck.And Baby talking to you through the whole thing? Creepy. Creepy, creepy, creepy.One big Pro for me is there is no longer a timer each night. You're given a task and once you complete it, the night is over. So there wasn't any undue pressure which allows you to get more into what you're doing and what's going on.The comedy bits were gold. It was nice to have a bit of a comedic edge here and there to take the edge off, haha.Considering I have played horrendous horror games at a MUCH higher price tag, FNaF: SL is getting a thumbs up from me; FNaF has always been a gem and it's only getting better."
76561198171892147,Recommended,506610,26490608,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,telefongubben,i want the new free update to come
76561198333585396,Recommended,506610,25973135,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Chargeofelements,"This game is actually really good. It completely changes how the game works without changing the spooky feel you get while playing the games in this series. The voice acting is also a really great change as it's not just silent almost the entire game. I also find it to be pretty scary managing to make me jump every once and a while. One of the games few flaws is that a new night introduces some new mechanic, but is never used again later. Honestly i give it a 8/10."
,Recommended,506610,27148425,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ornery Acorn,"I am thrilled that this game follows some of the lore in the novel. Sister Location answered some questions that we had, but in tradition with Scott's other released content, it created a buttload more, sparking much debate and many new theories.You can expect some solid jumpscares and intriguing storyline. Puzzles/tasks that were at times fun, terrifying, and frustrating to complete (curse you, night 4!) The voice acting was superb, and I laughed out loud a few times at some of the dialogue.I really enjoyed this game. My only complaint would be that I didn't feel it was long enough - as always, Scott leaves us diehard fans wanting more!!"
76561198181679427,Recommended,506610,25969772,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Anton.exe,Great.
76561198304246082,Recommended,506610,25927425,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,olemissgamer,I love this game but after baby tries to pull the desk door open nothing else happens.I have been waiting for 40 minutes and nothing happened.PLEASE FIX
76561198084302058,Recommended,506610,27223030,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,EditedFox1226,I love this game itll stay true to my heart
76561198153841815,Recommended,506610,25927295,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Khajiit1898,I seem to be having some issues when trying to complete the vent part in Night 2 where you have to close it to keep myself safe from whatever is outside. It doesn't go past where they leave after you've closed the vent properly. Any suggestions?
,Recommended,506610,26006107,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,GhostEnder98,"This was One of the most unique FNAF game I have played, It was better in Jumpscares and the machanics witch is Awesome 10/10 would Recamend :)"
76561198052988801,Recommended,506610,25939994,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Nivvy,"This game is, in my opinion, the best game Scott has released.  Sure, you can't sink as many hours into it, but it has a narrative plot that starts from A and ends at Z, a variety of minigames that don't get mundane, and doesn't make you lose your♥♥♥♥♥♥regarding challenge (night 4 gets you there the closest)"
76561198282596178,Recommended,506610,29091767,Posted: 7 January,all,flabbytediz,"I've played Five Nights at Freddy's 1,2, and 3, not 4. When I first saw the trailer, I became really excited. When I got to play the game, it lived up to the hype. Scott learned from his mistakes of FNAF World, took time to develop, and the results that followed lived up to the hype. One of Scott's finest. Thanks to Scott and the whole FNAF fan base for bringing me such enjoyment from the entire franchise, I can't wait to see what is next!! Thanks for reading!!!"
76561198333543447,Recommended,506610,26478621,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Veil The Fox 2006,"I LOVE IT! It is so amazing and if Scott ever reads this- Dear Scott Cawthon , I am a big fan of your FNAF Series - I love this game so much. Thanks for letting me have it for free!"
,Recommended,506610,29060650,Posted: 6 January,all,DerpyDaWolf,"Very good graphics. Nice adrenaline rush it gave me every time an animatronic was there. Having trouble with FT foxy and Bon-Bon, but I will make it! 10/10"
,Recommended,506610,26115033,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Thresh,This game is very scary and hard.I won the game and im waiting for custom nights UptdateThank you Scott Cawton :)
76561198274806467,Recommended,506610,26141215,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,DesertWolf,really cool hack
76561198281968840,Recommended,506610,25916214,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,RainbowDash169,"i love this game with all the voice acting, cutscenes,and walking"
76561198169090095,Recommended,506610,26093717,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,KickedGraph37,DO IT JUST DO IT I KNOW YOU SEE A FROG OR A LIZARD ON A UNICYCLE THAT LOOKS REALLY DEPRESING ahh its out of me
76561198321423904,Recommended,506610,26111629,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Shark_Gamer26,night 2 on the Breaker Room is too hard he keeps on getting me even if i play the voice box
76561198330377731,Recommended,506610,26118640,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,FoxyNight 222,super game
,Recommended,506610,26012538,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Son of Riggnarok,Probably the best F.N.A.F. ever made.
,Recommended,506610,26078394,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,frobuddyharry,"truly a awesome game. First we have voice acting. But one thing is on the keypad they should have about 3 choices that you get. Im not saying the game is bad, (which its AWESOME!) im saying that maybe you could add that. I did not receive this for free, i bought it. SO just to say Windows users may have lag well Mac users (like me) there is a way to play the game but may lag but still awesome. Just first, get this and skip the adfly thing when you download it.http://winebottler.kronenberg.org/then get the windows version of steam but buy the game on the mac version of steam. Good now the open up the Windows version of steam in Wine. Now if its stuck on the update thing when its looking for updates, just reopen it. Now you need to download the game from steam (Windows Version) and then play it. There u go! legit downloads no virus."
76561198126144579,Recommended,506610,26108905,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,TFBrony1,"I love these games to death, they have some of the greatest lore in recent years, and i always enjoy playing, and i was super hyped and ready to play it, and i have been, and ive been loving it, this is a great addition to the franchise and its a joy to go through, that is, until you reach the roadblock that will turn off most new comers to the series, Night 4, yes yes i know that scott updated it to make it easier, and i thank him for that, but Night 4 is still a rage inducing part of the game that alot of players will find cheap, and its not a bad idea for the game, but the main problem wasnt the Minireenas, its the Springlocks themselves, the fact that you need to manage 10 of them, and they go down too fast in my opinion for the sheer number of them, now i know i will get alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥and will basically be told to ""Git good"" but it is a legit problem with the game, i urge people to not give up as much as you will want to, ive been holding myself back from watching Lets Play's of it because i want to go through it myself, if Scott added anything more in the new Non canon update, id reccomend getting rid of 2 of the spring locks, i feel that in the speed at which they unwind, is just too fast for a total of 10, and i know its not impossible and other people have passed it, but thats just my opinion, overall i love the game, and reccomend any fan of the series that hasnt bought it yet, to do so right away, but just be prepared to take some breaks when it gets to night 4, because itll take you a little bit to beat"
76561198191377854,Recommended,506610,26092094,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,erene726,how do you get the DLC?
76561198155097558,Recommended,506610,25973462,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Wyatt,"Five Nights at Freddy's 5; Sister Location is a point-and-click, Horror survival, game created by Scott Cawthon. And is the fifth game in the Five Nights at Freddy's series.The game features four, brand new animatronics, new game mechanics and a new location. The game has not followed the traditional style of the first four games, and now includes an Auto Save feature, so you don’t have to do the entire night over again. (I personally think this game is amazing.)You no longer have to survive until 6 A.M any more. This has been replaced by “Task Completion” once you complete your job, you beat the night. You now have the ability to get up close to some of the animatronics as well as the ability to walk around. This basically made this the first FNAF; VR game.Some may think that this is not a good installment to the series, due to the fact that everything is now more high tech, you aren’t checking cameras and you aren’t saving power. They may also feel the way the animatronics are designed don’t really follow the traditional style of the original ones.The four new featured animatronics include,Funtime Freddy; A revamped version of Freddy Fazbear, featuring a Bonnie hand puppet.(Note: the hand puppet looks similar to the style of FNAF World)Funtime Foxy; A revamped version of Foxy.(No, this is NOT Mangle)Ballora; A ballerina animatronic and the newest addition to the Fazbear crew.Circus Baby; A new clown animatronic and the main animatronic of the game.The first three nights of the game are around average difficulty whereas Night 4 seems to be one that people have the most trouble with so far. (I feel like I’m gonna be stuck on Night 4 for some time myself)So far, the game seems to be holding it’s own for being relatively far from the original FNAF games. I’m currently stuck on Night 4, so I can’t review the ending of the game yet. But based on what I have played so far, the game is fantastic. 10/10Review Update: 10/17/2016Just beat the game today, and I will say….“Wow”Everything that I said before still stands, however, the ending was a bit confusing.(No, I will not spoil the ending for others) But I have a theory rolling around my head about it tho.So upon the end game screen, I noticed down in the bottom left corner, it said, “Real Ending” I can only assume that there is an alternate ending to this game as well. I also noticed that there is an unlisted animatronic on the Extras Screen folders.There is so much more to this game then I thought. I think that it was worth every painful moment of Night 4. This seems to be one of the most elaborate Five Nights at Freddy’s game so far.Will update this review after the alternate ending."
76561198335989406,Recommended,506610,26462580,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Derpdog2017,"Scott, i was in the scooping room and when the scooper went to hit me i looked to the right to see funtime foxy,then the scooper missed me and I couldn't escape out of the game.Can you please get this fixed.I don't want thi to happen to anyone else.Thanks. :}"
76561198127616016,Recommended,506610,25967856,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,The Doctor,FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN DEATH
76561198141664650,Recommended,506610,25993304,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Mcknight da Superdog,best of the series was amazing going in blind if you like 1-4 try this one
76561198067505253,Recommended,506610,28002625,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Protomario,"A pretty solid game, definitely for those who are fans of the series. Say what you want about it, the game works, and adds alot of depth to an otherwise stale series.There is moving, walking around, betrayal, and a deeper story,And there is guidence, no more wondering what to do, it doesn't hold your hand but you will know what to do.If your lookinng to get into the series and never played these games before, start with 1 and 2, otherwise a fan will probably enjoy this alot.$7 or cheaper, the price of many lunches these days."
,Not Recommended,506610,25919076,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,sergeant_taser [HSMU],"Before I talk about this game I just wanted to let you know that I love this franchise. its one of my favorite horror franchises of all time and i loved ever single fnaf game that has come out. that is until this one came out. now the entire game is not 100 percent terrible.pros.1.once again scott has added an amazing addition to the lore of the fnaf universe like he has done with his past games.2. scott hired some pretty good voice actors. this is some of the best voice acting in an indie game that ive heard in a long time.3.the animations when it comes to the character models look great.and thats pretty much where the good stuff endscons1. scott decided to do something new which i can respect. its always good to have veriety when it comes to video game franchises. but instead of taking that big leap forward for variety the game take a huge leap backwards. for example: each level now seems like a minigame that would be included in the extras menu, not minigames that would be counted as the main level.2. each level has very unclear controlls for example in the last level (SPOILERS) you crawl in the dark and are given directions to go left so my instinct is to press the A key but idk if im moving or not because im in the pitch black dark. so i looked up onlie what i had to do and i had to move the mouse to the left then press W to walk forward. but i diddnt know i was supposed to that because i was in the pitch black dark.3. level 4. if you have played this game you will know why this is on the list. the only reason why i almsot have 7 hours on this game is because i spent two of thos hours on level 4!the final verdict for this game is a 4/10it really does hurt me to say that but other than the extra lore,voice acting and visuals there really is nothing to be enjoyed about this game.in my opinoin i would just google the lore of this game and save yourself 7 dollars.scott i love this franchise but this was a majior leap backwards :("
76561198158017815,Recommended,506610,26092874,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Pikazard,It was awesome!!!
76561198071242478,Recommended,506610,26095857,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,TyroneBiggums311,"its good, but i find night 4 still to be WAY too complicaded, could you make the mini reenas go away? or at lease make one of the multi tasks go away?!"
,Recommended,506610,27934217,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,AvengedSevenfold,Not scary.
,Recommended,506610,26631246,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,AEGIS,"A really good horror game, spooked me and every night is different! If you want to create some YouTube and Twitch videos on Five Nights At Freddy's or horror games, or to just play the game, then this game is for you! This is a great side story for a great character, and the humour is just the best! I heartily recommend this game to FNAF lovers, horror YouTubers, and just people in general! Great game, can't wait for the next one!"
,Recommended,506610,25934215,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Cagney Carnation,Because Exotic Butters ;3
76561198332259853,Recommended,506610,26205232,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,dagamesf7,its great!
76561198319278342,Recommended,506610,26204309,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,LlamaLlord101,Scott can you put FNAF World back on Steam? I really want to play it. I've wanted to play it since it was released but now its gone so please reput it on steam
,Recommended,506610,25909596,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Rose,"Wow. I honestly have no words.This game took FNaF to a whole new level. This game made me genuinely scared, and it's got a pretty interesting story and movement system. And yes. I know I didn't play for very long, but from what I played, it's amazing.Pros-It's FNAF-Sort of free roam-Amazing voice acting-Terrifying jumpscares-Great storyCons-Couldn't find a way to beat Baby Game Over minigame (not really a con but felt I should say something)-Keypad is a massive ♥♥♥♥ing troll-Unclear what to do at points in the gameFinal question, is it worth the money? Well, ♥♥♥♥ yeah. It's on sale, got a weekend to play it, you could always just refund it if ya don't like it. So buy it and try it out, not too expensive, but I'd say it's worth it, now if you'll excuse me, gonna go play this game some more."
76561198099422606,Recommended,506610,26147864,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,nighthawkz03,this is the best fnaf of them all!
76561198201450713,Recommended,506610,27720038,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LegLegGaming,Scott Cawthon I Nomianted The Best Game Ever!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,26203785,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Rick Grimes,"This game was something different from the series in a great way. It threw the cliche out the window and changed things up a bit. Overall a great game, and anyone who beats Night 4 has bragging rights."
,Recommended,506610,26181376,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Moon,"Scott really suprised us all with this game, and I suggest it to you as well. It is really creepy and scary so he's not doing anything wrong when it comes to horror games. This is a different one because 1. He did not use a number, like Five Nights at Freddy's 5. He instead used Sister Location. 2. You can move around ALOT in this game. This game is all about the moving and scaring, so it would be kind of like Five Nights at Freddy's 4 when you were moving around the one room, except your moving through vents, going under desks, etc. If you can't buy this game then I suggest you watch your favorite Youtuber play it, because this game can be really fun! This game, at some points, can be very hard."
76561198173281358,Recommended,506610,26128249,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Crash bandicoot,"This is how life is, AMAZINGLY AWESOME! Scott, You have made so many horror games, I'm too scared to count them all!"
76561198338712828,Recommended,506610,26174458,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,jacobjetthomas,"This was a great game, Scott really made the gameplay more compelling. The story got even more complex, but that's the fun of it all. I loved the graphics, I loved the fact that you have to be very interactive with everything rather than just switching between cameras and doors. This game will go down as one of my all time favorite games no doubt. 10/10 would recommend. I have to say that my favorite part of the whole franchise for me would be the super deep and dark lore that surrounds it all. Ingenious to say the least."
,Recommended,506610,25923453,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,IcyDaDeveloper,"So good! Recording a series on this right now on YouTube and I am so honoured to play this on my channel! Well done Scott once again you surprised me with the new look of fnaf, new designs and new gameplay mechanics. Thank you Scott for a great genre of horror!"
,Recommended,506610,33895644,Posted: 29 July,all,NapstUnder,"A very good and complicated game hehelike a good fright, super recommend"
,Recommended,506610,33847080,Posted: 27 July,all,asriel dreemurr on the internet,Great game!
76561198104455867,Recommended,506610,29580103,Posted: 29 January,all,LOL,k
76561198354218104,Recommended,506610,29201473,Posted: 12 January,all,htshobaki,This game is so good and not laggy and barely crashes (yet) and its fun to play.I would defnitly recommend this game.
76561198086885946,Recommended,506610,25908370,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DevilNinja,"Its fun, and really funny but DANG THE NIGHTS TAKE TOO LONG"
76561198202929064,Recommended,506610,25929965,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SleteN,LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,506610,25931856,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,TIRED OF SKINS- P.I.T. v2.0,"The best of the all FNaF'S! An excelent game, with strategic and scary at the same time minigames. The unique bad thing: the checkpoint system: we need to restart all the night when we lost, wich is a little boring. But the game is really really good... Recommended, of course. I'm sure that was the best 8.00€ ('cause I´m Portuguese xD) that I spent in a game!"
76561198015291637,Recommended,506610,25949107,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Dallas,This was very Good Five Nights at Freddy´s game. It was totally different than previous ones wich was a great thing. It wasn´t as hard as other ones.  I highly recommend this game to FNAF fans.
76561198300806685,Recommended,506610,26178707,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,imeanimcoolright,Awesome game! Absolutely LOVE the atmophere and how the whole game is SO tense! I really recommend it and it was such a great experience!Great job Scott and looking forward to the costom nights!!
76561198197971134,Recommended,506610,26187808,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,CONNER2444,SCARY AS CRAP
,Recommended,506610,25913048,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Monokuma,"So far, so good! It's definitely a different step I wasn't expecting. I was definiitely expecting some harder version of the whole '6 AM' deal with operating multiple rooms to ensure the animatronics don't get to you; however, (while slightly saddening), that is not the case. It takes more of a direct story route with different tasks assigned to you. Each night is something different.However, now I'm stuck at the point many others are; Night 4. Keeping up with multiple springlocks while fending off odd animatronics that result in loosening springlocks. There are many to monitor, to the point where it could be difficult to keep them all in check along with the animatronics trying to crawl into your suit. Maybe I'm just bad, but it does seem that it might be a good idea to tone it back a tad. I'd love to continue to Night 5."
,Recommended,506610,25929867,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,TechWizard,"The game has a unique twist to the ""sit and stare at cameras"" mechanic we've seen. It's very enjoyable. I died laughing at ""casual bongos""."
76561198182202638,Recommended,506610,25932176,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Dynafire,"Thank gosh this was not the same prank version as the Game Jolt addition(whch was really funny). This is a game with crazy story and great voice acting. But you might want to see some other the other games to understand. I wouldn't sugguest it if you're scared really easily, as it's a horror game.The plot is deep with two different endings and is by far the best FNAF game yet, with few flaws. 9/10, would play any day! But some of the puzzles are REALLY hard."
,Recommended,506610,29301654,Posted: 16 January,all,Nekstomia,Exotic Butters
76561198403778853,Recommended,506610,33238745,Posted: 4 July,all,Curtbot9000,completed the game in 2.7 hours well steam says i played for that long night 4 was hard but when i was scooped it didnt kill me and i was stuck inside of the room and had to restart my computer to get out
76561198202793386,Not Recommended,506610,25926844,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Memes,I wouldent reccomend this becouse there is a point where it gose from fun to boring and tedeusand you can get way scarier games for 7:99i cant get past night 4 from how stupid the level mechanics are
76561198097629203,Recommended,506610,25911214,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Exotic Butters SFM,OMG Scott u have to make another one this is the best game EVER SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOD!!!!
76561198334622082,Recommended,506610,35427933,Posted: 2 October,all,Justina Demonica,Love the game. Still can't beat night 4
76561198310413253,Recommended,506610,26496335,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,DJPuppet7,"Very Fun. Each night is different, giving it an all over different experience for the player than the other 4."
76561198022150788,Recommended,506610,26332902,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Doom0666695,"Loved the game Scott. I  think a  little bit of the  Funtime Freddy part was  tricky.  when i was fixing the  areas  it was  Green  and  Funtime  Freddy  got me. still  I  do  enjoy Sister  Location and  yes  I still enjoy the  other games as well  but  2,4 and  Sister Location are  my  favorites."
76561198035267785,Not Recommended,506610,25957435,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ComputerDude,"Really no point in buying a game like this, just watch a playthrough with no commentary online if you're really interested in the lore. That way you don't have to sit through the tedious gameplay and that awful Night 4. Last night is also glitched for me, so I can't even beat this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I mean, tbh, this one is better than the last 4 by a long shot. It got me interested enough to cough up six bucks and give it a shot, but then again, the last 4 were not that hard to beat imo. The first game had an interesting concept, but very poor execution which led to a very boring game. Sequel was the same thing except more robots and a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking atari minigames. Third one was utter trash. Fourth one was also pretty trash. This one was alright, it actually did have some creepy moments, and the creator definitely put some genuine effort to make this one different than the last. Each night is a series of minigames, most of which get really boring after the first death, and checkpoints are♥♥♥♥♥♥so if you die you have to sit through a whole lot of dialouge all over again.The game just adds more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to the convoluted plot of this franchise, but dun worry, cuz Matpat will probably concoct another theory (what would this be, the 6th?), to explain Scott Cawthon's story for him. At this point I'm surprised anyone still gives a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥.Community is still pretty trash too.Overall, I'd give it a C-I like peepee"
,Recommended,506610,26092523,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,dvp123,creepy i cant get past ft freddy on night 2 scott send another patch before or with the custom night.
76561198223188816,Recommended,506610,28351900,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Zorcario,best game ever. :D
76561198067743311,Recommended,506610,28906583,Posted: 1 January,all,b_b_yogi,this game is great but there is a problem with custom night i swear i am wearing headphones with high volume im looking at both sides there is no ballora music then suddenly a ballora jumpscare i think that needs to be fixed
76561198271944749,Recommended,506610,28298530,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,mr.awesome13336,"LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!Deffenetly buy this game!this game was so fun and worth my money,i loved the fact that its diffrent things in each night,especaly love the costum nights because for all the people that like doing the same thing every night,i rate this game 9/10only a few things that i think you should add to make this game a little bit beater to make it 10/10 for me,I think you should make an options menu,for alot of people,when they play the game it laggs a little bit,and i wish we had a windowd mode(games in window mode are less laggy for me at least),another thing is i wish you had in the options menu is a volume button to make it lounder or quieter.Also i wish you put plushes on the desk in the custum nights menu so when your trying to beat golden freddy,you will have some accompleshment.but over all this game is probaly my 3rd favorit out of all the games.and if your thinking about buying it you should DEFFENETLY DO IT!"
76561198061799933,Recommended,506610,26109459,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Jaskoooo,This game gave me depression 10/10
76561198320452300,Recommended,506610,26138833,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,cjohns8,i just have no words....ITS THE BEST GAME IN EXSTINSE RALLY I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH
,Recommended,506610,26474400,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Дед,"Good,very good Game"
76561198338913712,Recommended,506610,28300887,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,georgina,IT IS AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198177581279,Recommended,506610,25909593,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Alex SFM,Hard....
76561198163326066,Recommended,506610,26138025,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,The Scunt,"BEST FNAF GAME SO FAR! But can you make fake ending a tiny bit easier pls, thank you"
,Recommended,506610,25930830,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,NoEndAnimations,great i have no words
76561198324300425,Recommended,506610,25931097,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,family.of.tran,i love the game i love how it is not that much  like the first 1234 games
,Recommended,506610,25934258,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,WildNinjaMonkey,Easily the best FNAF is the series really amazing the streamlined gameplay compared to the others. The pop out scares are the scariest in the series. Great value!
,Recommended,506610,26120664,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,GuitaristGamer22,"I never actually Bought a game in my life because I wasn't interested enough , but really ? This game is awesome :D"
76561198126834310,Recommended,506610,26467433,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,scribomedia,"i loved this gam e and still playing it right now i,m stuck under the desk."
,Recommended,506610,28841296,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,🎃 Matson🎃,wow this has changed a lot and it way better than all the other fnaf games the mood is great the sounds are great everyone just adores the fnaf series and they hope it will not end...and its way different than the other game in 1/3 it was just the same thing it was don't die and contently checking cams but in the new game fnaf sl  its way better its not thr repetitive checking cams it was giving you tasks witch was way more different.  and their is more to do it partly free roam Witch is better that just looking left and right but this is a great game Scott good job :)
,Recommended,506610,26477409,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Douglton,"This is an ok game but honestly doesn't feel like a 'FNAF' game. I don't think it should have the ""Five Nights at Freddy's"" in the title. I don't know if it's worth $8 but I have enjoyed it so I'm alright with paying $8 for Sister Location. If you enjoy previous 'FNAF' games but wanted more of a 'free-roam' type feeling. You may enjoy this game. This isn't a free-roam game but it can have some of those assets at times. It has decent atmosphere at times as well. Overall 8/10."
76561198108914450,Recommended,506610,25928706,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Crieos,"This game is incredible. Not only is it different from all the other games, its way better! *Cough Chough* And harder *Cough Cough* Night two and for are almost impossible! If you like puzzle games/scary games, get this!"
76561198216017991,Recommended,506610,26465269,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Davi14,Best game in the series
76561198127057589,Recommended,506610,25914106,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,WalebKassa,A huge improvement to gameplay from previous games. Different mechanics and style makes the game feel fresh and scary.  Totally worth it!
,Recommended,506610,31186516,Posted: 16 April,all,Jack,"Love the game so much even though i just got it 3 days ago lol. Had it on my iPad mini for as long as it has been out, then decided to get it on the computer. No regrets. I keep expecting it to leave stuff out, then i remember I'm on a computer. You really get the full experience, and this sounds odd but i just LOVE the objective POV. The stretches on the left and right of the screen, it just makes it look real and 3D. going to the middle of the screen then going up and down... ah, it really makes it look real. 10/10, would play again, and can't wait till next game."
76561198203072472,Recommended,506610,27184471,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ApertureBonnie,"A whole revolution to the franchise filled with easter eggs,lore,murder and memes."
,Recommended,506610,29174004,Posted: 10 January,all,Shadow Pringles,AWESOME AND FUN!
76561198259439478,Recommended,506610,28065070,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Kermit The Frog,"i really thibk this is one of the best fnaf games has diffrent things every night , but if you like the old style of fnaf you might not like it"
,Recommended,506610,28866202,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Guy With a Phone for a Head,"Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location is truly the best game in the Five Nights at Freddy's franchise. The game reveals new details to the story through the voice acting, minigame and cutscenes.The voice acting is well done and really gives a creepy aroma to the game.The music is ambient, fitting the situation perfectly yet giving a surprisingly catchy melody.Character design is classic but the facial features are a tad worn out.The gameplay can be super linear and instructive (which isn't that surprising.)Gameplay - SPOILERS. . . I guess?Night 1 is fairly easy because you have nothing to really do.Night 2 escalates a heap, taking a little while to get around.Night 3 escalates a lot further and again, it takes a couple of tries to complete.Night 4 takes difficulty to the max, being maybe the hardest night in the game.Night 5 is hard too but not as hard as night 4 (in my opinion.)I recommend the game for those who love instructive games or to those who have been following this franchise.Also, best waifu sim ever. Finally got the Funtime Foxy I deserve. <3"
76561197983904398,Not Recommended,506610,25919901,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Lilith Aensland,"As a fan of the franchise, in my opinion this game is terrible.>No windowed mode. When you try to minimize it or tab away you lose control of your mouse. This makes it needlessly aggrivating to stream>Game has sections of complete blackness where certain monitors will enter sleep mode. One section where you crawl through a pitch black room I had to activate the menu on my monitor so I could continue playing. When I didn't do this I lost the video every two seconds, making the section unplayable.>Completely different gameplay-wise from previous games. It amounts to a series of scripted sequences with lengthy lore delivering dialogue, followed by a brief gameplay segment where you perform some task where failure will result in a jumpscare. Once you learn how to do the task it is not scary. As you're figuring it out it is more frustrating than scary. The increasing difficulty with each night is gone.>I won't spoil the specifics of night 4, but it is the worst thing I have ever seen in a game. Basically imagine the music box from FNAF2 mutiplied by ten. I got stuck on it for near an hour because of how seemingly random death comes, and the near-perfect execution it requires to pass.>The true ending is locked behind a retro platforming sequence that is way too hard to do and not fun in any way. Once you beat it you can pay a brief segment that is similar to the other games and get the good ending. You would never figure this out on yourself and it relied on data miners to find it, and the youtube eceleb circlejerk of autistic fanboys spead the information like♥♥♥♥♥♥flavored ice cream to everyone else. Seeing as how this true ending offers some cryptic plot points I'm sure the fans will ejaculate all over their monitors upon watching pewdiepie unlock it.This game is horrible, unpolished crap. It's exactly what hardcore fans want to watch someone go through one time on youtube, without playing themselves. I'm sure they all already got their moms to buy it for them and then proceeded to not even bother installing it while watching the latest markiplier let's play and posting on reddit about how genius this game is. If you have an ounce of taste please save yourself the frustration and skip this one. You could buy a jumbo jack combo from jack in the box with your 6 bucks and have an infinitely more rewarding experience."
76561198272282169,Recommended,506610,25908730,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Drottel10,scary
,Recommended,506610,26699419,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Silverguyz 894,"I am a huge fan of FNAF. I have not beaten the game yet, but the nights are very hard(for me). And yet, it is very awsome!"
76561198256632328,Recommended,506610,26234681,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ProGirlyGamer,Love this game! Very well done!
76561198266372218,Recommended,506610,25912107,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Anne Frank,"Okay, now that I have played this game for at least an hour, and is on night 3 currently, I have to admit. This is the best Five Nights at Freddy's game that Scott Cawthon has made. It has voice acting, good graphics and the gameplay... lets talk about that... Okay, so the gameplay is the best. I nstead of having the same mechanics each night and the A.I.'s going higher, Scott has added different mechanics to each night. Also, suprisingly, Scott has made this game in less than 6 months, and didn't release it early!!! Good Job Scott! I am very proud of you! :DOverall, I give it a 9.5/10 because the sound, it can get glitchy sometimes."
,Recommended,506610,26203720,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Zed Cola,"This is a completely different FNAF to the others, this one is a little more linear where you go through a story instead of survive the animatronics. You do not watch cameras or close doors like in the sequal and that adds to the repetive gameplay of it's predecesors. It does add new life to the series but it's just not the same. It's like a completely different game and you can decide if that's bad or not.This game is one of the hardest in the series, especially Night 4 wich needed to be patched to get easier. There are some Easter Eggs in this aswell and some relating to the book; The Silver Eyes wich i yet still have not read suprisingly.  One thing that you need to play this game, knowledge of the series.6/10The most talked about FNAF but not the most loathed."
76561198391468889,Recommended,506610,32705806,Posted: 23 June,all,fabiompompa,Its a great gameNot many bugs are found in the gamethe game itself is VERY fun to play and does have waysThe only problem is night 1it isnt very activebut after all its great! i recommend this game
,Recommended,506610,27815282,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Demoo,"In my opinion, the best FNAF of the series. There's so much to do yourself other than just sitting behind a desk and watching screens. There's an actual story playing for once. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,506610,32415581,Posted: 14 June,all,DankNarwhal,43 hours I didn't get back :(
76561198175288381,Recommended,506610,26210501,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Troll Face,"I love this game I recommend this to those who want somthing new to the searise.I love the voice acting,I love the characters,and the story.And by the way Scott you sure did put the feels in this one Circus Baby made me tear up."
76561198069086561,Recommended,506610,25931013,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Sibith,"Voice acting: LitGameplay Variety: LitSuspense and Fear: LitPopcorn: LitBeing killed by a FREAKING HAND PUPPET WITH NO LEGS: NOT LIT!!!Great Game, Best one out of all of them."
76561198000580934,Recommended,506610,26115030,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ShanyBoy91,This game caused me to make exotic butters in my pants11 spooks out of 10
,Recommended,506610,26236991,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,OpticMewShot,"Awesome, It would reccomend this to anyone that likes Fanf or likes that fnaf story line."
76561198245304682,Recommended,506610,26234574,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Ligima11 CSGO-SKINS.COM,"So cool! I didn't expect it to be such a good game. Props for you, Scott!"
76561198328957029,Recommended,506610,26237816,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,agoodfrank,"Like the humor, very fun game."
,Recommended,506610,25923556,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ManiakFnaf,Five Nights at Freddy's Sister Location! I waited for this game 10 months and it was worth it! Its very good story driven half free roam and 2 endings which is insane! The gameplay is the best from all of the games and is worth all the money 10/10 +  the game is the scariest from all FNAF Games I hope theres a sequel to this!
76561198288222625,Recommended,506610,30348638,Posted: 5 March,all,Funtime Freddy,It's a fun game you guys need to play I like it cuz it does not have lag
,Recommended,506610,26957804,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Catlord327,Very fun and entertaining and it keeps you on your toes! And has a great atmosphere to it! Very good for any horror or FNAF Fans!Exotic Butters
76561198292720412,Recommended,506610,26207195,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,iamfoxylol,OMG SO FUN AND SCARY
,Recommended,506610,26429518,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DV8,"i finally got around to playing this as it randomly appeared in my steam library (i guess i got it free from owning the first 4 somehow?) either way its a drastic different in play style while keeping the same basic mechanics as the other games, i ll keep the rest of this review short. its worth it. unlike the other games, the jumpscares managed to actually startle me a few times. if you're even remotely a fnaf fan or wanna get into the series, i say go for it"
,Recommended,506610,26095991,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,💀Cuphead💀,"FNaF Sister Location is challenging and fun, if you know what your doing, it can be really great! I love the game and its...Whats the word.....AWESOMELY FUN, Night 4 is real hard though! Cant seem to get past it, And also we have bad news about my OC.Is this the end of Dalton's long journey? Will there be more Dalton screenshots and etc? Is this Dalton's death? You may be asking these questions, and if so, its a possibility. (By the way, the maybe is to ""Is this the end of Dalton's long journey?"" and ""Is this Dalton's death?"" the Will there be more Daltons screenshots one, that will remain unanswered)"
,Not Recommended,506610,25916988,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,=LDDG= Matty The Spook,The game is very very short. Not as much content as the other FNaF games.
76561198157883096,Recommended,506610,28549556,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,💀PushmoNeRFLuCIo💀,Im spooked.
76561198321928012,Recommended,506610,26036176,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Alex Z,This is hard but fun
76561198140455825,Recommended,506610,26933125,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pacmannequin,"Really Strategic, Really Story Driven, Really Great Game."
,Recommended,506610,25916900,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Romero,"Now, I have barely played the last few FNAF games. I'd say the one I played the most was FNAF1. I was never a big fan of the gameplay, but I do really like Scott and I thought the story was interesting. This is the first one I can say has given me enough interest to actually push through and finish the game. Not saying the others were bad, just not really my cup of tea.Scott put tons of effort into trying to build an atmosphere in this game though, and he did a fantastic job with the engine he has. I also love the gameplay idea in this, where you don't survive the night, you have to do tasks through-out the night and you can leave once you get them done. He also brought death minigames back from FNAF2. Where randomly sometimes when you die you get put into a minigame.Honestly, if you played previous FNAF games for the gameplay, you might not like this one as much. But if you're interested in learning more about the lore, and want something easier to handle in the gameplay department but with an incredible amount of atmosphere, this game is most likely the one for you.Outside of Night 4, it's pretty much impossible. If I were Scott, I'd fix it up a bit. Just a recommendation.I think this is my most serious review yet though, but Scott. You're a great guy, and I can honestly say this is your best work yet.""NOMINATE THIS FOR THE PHONE GUY AWARD"""
76561198315982009,Recommended,506610,28335056,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,fиαf∂υ∂єѕfм,FNaF Sister Location is in my opinion the best FNaF Game and I love the Custom Night
76561198333353752,Recommended,506610,26511021,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sakuya Izayoi,idk if scot is reading this but MAKE NIGHT 4 POSSIBLE!!!
,Recommended,506610,25941374,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,CaptJoe,I rarely write reviews on games... But this one diserves one. This game has gotten me screaming and making me fly out of my chair past couple of times... heck more then POIISED xD. I have seen good reviews on this game (so far) and i got to say it is one of the best horror games i've played in a LOOOONG time. Some part of the game is just horrifying and has a great creepy dark atmosphere.  But there are some parts that are just challenging like night 4... It seems like you have to have RNG to be on your side but thankfully Scott has updated his game to where it's kinda easier now.. But the funny thing about that is i beat that night before he even updated it so......gg (I get bragging rights!). But in all circumstances this game is one of those games that can make you stand up off your chair and play as you crawl into a vent without knowing what's gonna happen... plus... you get to eat popcorn!! how cool is that?! But anyways...Scott....thanks for making your fans scream and throw their phones at the wall.. and can you please do me a favour... and continue making that show that you see on the end of the night? Please? I rate this game 9/10 for being one of those games that can make you scream on the top of your lungs... :)
76561198023547309,Recommended,506610,26167906,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,foggyknight,Needs a pause menu right now its 9/10 but if you add a pause menu then its gonna 9.5/10 and if i really like it after i finish a 10/10
76561198192072177,Recommended,506610,25941059,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mlurman123,"This game is by far the best in the series, and you can really see and feel how much hard work Scott put into this game as you progress through it. This game pretty much gives us exactly what we wanted/expected, and it's brilliantly executed as always. The only thing I wish was different is we got to interact more and experience more of the Funtime animatronics before they all met their untimely ""fate."" Scott put so much hardwork into these animatronic designs and they were almost beautiful in a way, it was almost heart breaking to see them in pieces. I would recommend this game every day of the week. It's definitely an experience.10/10"
,Recommended,506610,25910348,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Magic Blood,love the game so far i havent played much and i had one bug but i just restarted and it fixed it
76561198176726166,Recommended,506610,26496368,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Gothic Nerd From Class,This has to be the best out of the series.
76561198171839313,Recommended,506610,26034784,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,a THICCCC waffle,tis game is fun
76561198124185252,Recommended,506610,25922945,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,BurningHeart101,"This game has wonderful gameplay early on. Note: ""Early on""I say this as night 4 has a huge difficulty ramp that makes it nearly impossible to beat without having luck and understanding what should be done, which the game does not tell you. In fact, the game basically tells you to not do what you are supposed to be doing, which makes it even more difficult. Please make Night 4 easier, I dont want to have paid for a game just for it to end up relyingon luck to beat not even one of the final nights, that is if there is 7 nights like the other games.EDIT: Thank you for making Night 4 easier! I finally beat it, but now when I try to beat Night 5, I can get to the final bit, but the cutscene does not play correctly, and it locks me into the game, like the Bidybab glitch, where you cant progess. Please fix, I tried twice and it happened twice, I cant get the star to beat the game because of it."
,Recommended,506610,25914374,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,CrowbarsForBears,scotts best work so far.love it.
76561198086659176,Recommended,506610,25908546,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The One Who Looks Over The Crowd,Great game love the new features Scott added
76561198315531111,Recommended,506610,26047189,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Sanic,9/11 wuld pley again. Funtime freddy had a funtime in the twin towers.
,Recommended,506610,25910492,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,doorstop1227,"This game is very different from the past FNaF installments. If you like the unpredictability of the other games, you will find this one strange. It is strongly story-driven and scripted, but highly enjoyable despite this. Every part of the game is unique and challenging. It never gets boring, and there seem to be plenty of secrets to discover thus far. You could definitely enjoy this without having played the past games, though you may be a bit confused about the animatronic names. I have played all the past games and found it terrific, a nice way to change up the formula. All in all, I'd say this game was well worth the wait! It does not disappoint. :) Whether you like horror games or not, it's worth a try as not all of it is scary, and the jumpscares are not as intense as previous games.EDIT: I have now seen the entire game. To fully enjoy it, *especially* for people who played the previous FNaF games, you need to do both endings. Just trust me."
76561198283286924,Recommended,506610,27882923,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ApocalyptusOfficial,Kool
76561198335362880,Recommended,506610,27541614,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,gustavomourinho2005,The best Five Nights at Freddy`s I every played
76561198301826800,Recommended,506610,25952897,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DoggeyDino,This Game Is Really Fun Kinda Scary But My Problem Is I Cant Get Past Night 4 Cuz Of the SpringLocks The Night Lasts 3 Miutes Can You Make It 2 Minutes? Its Just Luck I Bet And i Practiced For 2 Hours Its Just Too annoying And it Gets boring Doing The Same Ting For 2 Hours Oh Wait Fnaf 123 and 4 Thats The Gimmick All You Did Was Sit Around For 5 Minutes 7 Times Sometimes Even 9 Or 8 And Thats How I am Feeling Im not Tryin To Hate Just Hear Me out  Scott And mAke It Easier I bet SOme people At Least Some Think the Same Way Sure Its Meant To Be Hard But Its JUST LUCK! So Make It Only 2 Minutes Instead Of 3 Just Please Hear Me Out Scott
,Recommended,506610,25989628,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Joker,Exotic Butters.
,Recommended,506610,26458776,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,SpeedBLAST48,"This is one of the best FNAF game ever!  Each night is different, unlike the old once. 1 problem is that Night 4 is a pain in the a** , but beatable. Over all an Awesome experience!!"
76561198211506471,Recommended,506610,28542320,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,foxy,i love this game series its so scary and even when i get mad on modes like g freddy mode i dont care i love the hidden easter eggs and that everything is not as it seems thanks for makin a awsome series and keep up the good work:steamhappy:
76561198183879577,Recommended,506610,28765904,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,JimmyGGames,"I really enjoyed this game, it brought a lot of cool new features to the table.I also really enjoyed the voice acting, it was nice and clear to hear.I can't wait for Scott's next project! :)"
76561198308392443,Recommended,506610,28422752,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,JOSEPHINE.THOMAS,"steam updated and now the game won't open :(anyway, I LOVE FNaF!!! It's easter eggs are a triumph to find and all the tension adds to everything else :)I suggest you play this no matter who you are unless you hate our fandom.I JUST LOVE DIS GAMEE"
76561198336124945,Recommended,506610,26136875,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,nngujede,Scott has really made a really good five nights at freddy's game and his new update.All i just wanna say is good job scott the fnaf series will be remembered to me and all the fnaf fans all over the world
,Recommended,506610,26558134,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,TheFredBeargam3r,So you want to know how it feels to jump and scream but not with stuff like Dead By Daylight or Outlast? Something more mild? Well here you go the best game in the world! So welcome to nightmares location. So get going and spookyen. And if you don't have mones to buy this. Well HE double Hockey sticks Suck it up and do those chors! and make lots of mones! And buy it.
76561198318756611,Recommended,506610,29235838,Posted: 13 January,all,LunerEclipesMoon,Hi guys its me Freddygamer2. I changed my name to FuntimeFreddyv.6 so dont think i am some hacker that is on your friends list. any way i am going to tell you how to skip a night on FNaF SL!!!!First go to your desktop. go to the searh bar and type in       %appdata%                .     after typing that hit ityou should come to a lot of folders. find the folder                 MMFapplications       . hit thatit should come to your games. find and select          sl       .    then open it with notepad.            you should see the night you are on.    if you want to skip more than on night that works too.    so when you see current= whatever night your on type in  1 or 2 or 3 or 4 or 5.    hope it works it worked fo me bye!!!!!!
76561198336685063,Recommended,506610,29363103,Posted: 19 January,all,The cool Hat Pikachu,"THis is something new. No more sit and survive except for [/spoilers]The fake ending on night 5 and custom nights[/spiolers] charcters are PLus NEW characters;most characters are entirely new. THIS is the FNaF game we've all been waiting for. +Thank you scott for making this wonderful series you've really outdone yourself this time,maybe unless there is more fnaf games"
,Recommended,506610,26510255,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,EPOCD,"This is one of the best games i have played, a lot different from the rest of the franchise."
76561198091743990,Recommended,506610,25908506,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Detective Strange,"So awesome!!! I was in the middle of rebooting ALL of the systems, in the fourth restart and funtime freddy poped his endo face from the side, and i kept SAYING that he know I was SOMEWHERE!!! and used I think baby's voice to calm him down!!!G...Fricken...G Scott. G...G. You are awesome as well for making ALL of the games, you truely are the best story teller ever, even if this is or is not part of the freddy franchise. (most likely would be? idk but you did good anyway)"
,Recommended,506610,25954600,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ESG,GREAT GAME PLAY IT BLIND I COMMAND YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! unless you don't want to that's okay
76561198222087752,Recommended,506610,29637274,Posted: 1 February,all,Chester Bennington,"""I Know you're over there Sooooooomewhere!""-Funtime Freddy-"
,Recommended,506610,28675226,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TETRO,This is my favourite in the series which is MY OPINION. Some people may not agree which is fine. This one has new mechanics which I love! and some people miss the old mechanics but the slightly new custom night brings those back with foxy and it's curtain and yenndo who acts like golden freddy. Sister Location brings on a newer generation of FNaF and allows us to be able to look back to older games which is why sister location is my favourite game in the series!
,Recommended,506610,26034214,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,nickletini,hard but fun.
76561198341952156,Recommended,506610,28719629,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,deegz05,"This was by FAR the best FNAF game out there. After the major flop of FNAF world (personally, I liked it) this really put the franchise back on its feet! 9/10"
76561198380145953,Recommended,506610,31869274,Posted: 20 May,all,Gandolf,Four Good nights one bad night ie night 4
76561198188500830,Recommended,506610,26680450,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,RaZe MassGenocide,THIS GAME IS AMAZING BONNIE MAKES TAH GAMEZ HARDERZ AZ ITZ GOINZ ONZ
76561198111052154,Recommended,506610,26544263,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Vape Nathan,"With Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location I was glad to see a whole new approach on the series.  Every night had something new to do and it was always fun to see what would happen next.  The only night I really did not like was 4, it was way to difficult so it felt very repetitive.  On the other side I felt some of the mechanics could have been more fleshed out and used more often.  Over all I'd recommend buying Sister Location. (Sorry I didn't post a review sooner)"
,Recommended,506610,25910976,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The Creeper Gal Queen,"IT'S THE BEST, SCOTT YOU OUTDID YOURSELF THIS TIME.ANYONE WHO LOVES FNaF NEEDS THIS GAME IN THERE LIFE!!!!F.Y.I I SAW BELLORA'S EYESHelp: Keep The Sound Up High"
,Recommended,506610,26735847,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,EIFFEL65BLUEFAN,best game ever i love the story and game play.i rate this game 9/10
76561198253505399,Recommended,506610,26740116,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,wise guy,this is well done in the fear factorlove it
76561198142370484,Recommended,506610,31385077,Posted: 26 April,all,Gavintheman123,"I have played and beaten all of the games in the FNAF series. I enjoy them all. Some are different from others. This game is the most different of them all. In FNAF 4 you could move left and right and straight to the closet. This game you are given a task to go to. You have to move to them. I found that really exciting when i first saw the trailor and did some information. But this game in my opinion isn't as good as some of the others. Don't get me wrong I thought this game was fantastic. But I think it could have done better. I absolutely loved this game but I think I expected more. I still think FNAF 4 was the most ""intense"" one. In my opinion I like FNAF 2 the most. But I do highly recommend this game."
76561198276405241,Recommended,506610,32682230,Posted: 23 June,all,OrionBonnie,"I love this game,it's pretty good.But how to spend NIGHT 4?"
76561198185131730,Recommended,506610,25939436,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,MetroPvZ,IT DOESN'T WORK ON MAC!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE DO WHAT YOU CAN
,Recommended,506610,25931578,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Banta,"It took 6 long hours to beat this. This is my review on Sister Location:This new FNAF took on a whole new mechanic, and it was great. Scott finally did something new with the series, and I can no longer call it repetitive. Every night, you get a whole new job to do, and it is brilliant because that means the game won't get stale and less scary during the players progression. Here's what I was expecting: You are in your room and you have to flash your lights and shock them and go through the vents incase of a power outage in one of their rooms. I thought it would be the 6 am job but with a sort of free roam. This is NOT what this game was. Let's go through the nights.**SPOILERS AHEAD**So as I remember, Night 1 was basically a tutorial of how everything worked in the rooms. Nothing special, really.Night 2 is when things got scary. You would go to Babys area and have a power outage happen. You would hear someone telling you to hide under the desk because Baby is coming. For this night, you roll up a metal sheet with holes, and try to avoid Bidybabs eyeballs staring at you through them. This freaked me out, but luckily I got it in one try. You would then have to go to the Ballora gallery room and get past her by not creating much noise and stopping when you hear her tune. This was a pretty scary free roam type thing, and I thought it was awesome. Then you are in a room with Funtime Freddy. Basically put all the rooms online while playing a tape to get Freddy away from you. This was an awesome concept and reminded me of FNAF 3 in a way. Play it for yourself and you will see.Night 3 is when things get scarier and scarier. Instead of going past Ballora, you'd have to go past Foxy, which is  much harder. What you do is stop and flash, and if she is in front of you keep flashing until she is gone from your sight. Stop and flash every 3-4 seconds. After getting past that, you will have to open up Funtime Freddy in this room. After doing all the procedures you have to click the button below the Bonnie puppets bowtie. To win this, you simply keep the light off of Bonnie and let it come out closer so you can click his button. Pretty difficult if you ask me.Night 4 was the most stressful night of them all. The one that almost made me quit completely. You have to wind up the springlocks for a duration of 3 minutes while wiggling off Balloras minireenas on the sides of your mask. This took me 3 hours to do, and won by doing a zig zag pattern on the springlocks. After winning that, you're off with Baby. You have to do something similar to Funtime Freddy, but activate Baby to go top the scooper room. Either Baby or someone else guides you in the dark to the scoop room and all you have to do is listen to the voice. At one point, the voice tells you to stop and be silent, and means it, because it detects your microphone. After easily passing that, you get trapped in the scooper room by Ennard, whom I haven't seen in the game yet. The game ends there. This is what I experienced.This game was scary, had some good humor, and a great story. I give it a solid 8.7/10."
76561198353989961,Recommended,506610,28677580,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,FatalSlash,I love this game
,Recommended,506610,25918986,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Quizzle,"A very fun experience and a step-up fantastic addition to the line-up of games Scott has created.The game has a few difficult nights, notably Night 4, and (secret room) Night 5. The game isn't much like it's predecessors in that it has a series of smaller games you must play to survive the night. The story has more depth than the previous games and there are a few components of the story you can contemplate later. The jumpscares in the game can range from pretty funny to very startling. The setting and atmosphere are also very different from the previous games.  I must stress that this is a very ""test it out, see if it works"" type of game, as instructions and direction can sometimes be unclear.The only thing I didn't enjoy was the RNG factor for (secret) Night 5.All-in-all the game's price-quality-length ratio is fantastic and I was very happy to have played it."
76561198181127565,Recommended,506610,26519695,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Pavlov.Anton2002,"Игра отличная,очень понравились анимации и сложность в игре.Озвучка годная.Франшиза подняла технологический скачок именно в этой игре.Оценка:9/10Мне не очень понравились мульты в конце ночи.Нельзя что-нибудь другое сделать?"
76561198162138076,Recommended,506610,25939499,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Phoenix skinhub.com,2spooky4me
,Recommended,506610,25939686,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Vietnam Vet,the best game scott made :D
,Recommended,506610,27786988,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Spoopy is my Spoopy,still the best horror story franchise ever
76561198098777648,Recommended,506610,25950082,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,pokemon,Love it bollora keeps on killing me xD
76561198316375598,Recommended,506610,29706370,Posted: 4 February,all,Speedy,It's so scary
,Recommended,506610,26108322,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,🎃HalloweenRox SFM🎃,"This HAS To be My Favorite FNaF Game! You get To Walk Around! You Get To Go Back To FNaF 1 (plus 4) in the SECRET ENDING when your going to the Scooping Room, Just The nostalgia. The Reason I Say FNaF 4 As Well Is Because On The Keypad In The FNaF 1 Looking Place, If You Type 1983 in the Keypad Those Little TV's Show The FNaF 4 Location, And That brings nostalgia from FNaF 4 as well. Best FNaF Game, I Hope There is a Sister Location 2. Sister Location Ended Weirdly. I Mean Ennard Comes To Your House, To Steal The Exotic Butters. So It Would Make sense for a SL Sequel so that we can go after Ennard again to get our Exotic Butters back."
,Recommended,506610,25966352,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Lukesin200,FINALLY! Scott made something good
,Recommended,506610,29546375,Posted: 28 January,all,⊗V0S⊗,"Okay, this was a HUGE jump from the previous. Every night changes from it's gameplay style and I simply like that about games. Although, the same objective is to keep everything secure in Cirus Baby's Pizza World, the game keeps changing it up everytime. And you brought back the classic style of FNaF 1 in Custom Night, which was really good. But, there is one flaw, I think the game should have less focus on baby, other than that, it's great! I'd give it a 10/10.(Being offtrack: I know FNaF WORLD Update 3 is cancelled, but this is a great idea:http://freddlefrooby.deviantart.com/journal/Hypothetical-Update-3-Stuff-657855176)"
76561198276010852,Recommended,506610,29566424,Posted: 29 January,all,Oweee,THIS GAME IS AWESOMENESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,25916293,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,famous FAZBEAR,"First of all, I know that Night 4 is incredibly hard and that made many ppl upset, but it is higly unfair to downvote a game, just because the difficulty of ONE level was over the top. Every other night has been fine and it was super fun to play.If you thought that FNaF 4 gave you the creeps, then check this game out.Honestly.For me it was super scary and the whole vibe was amazing. It was tense all the time during the nights, always on point and the game played with our dark deep fears.I loved all the other FNaF games as well, however, this one is unique. The game mechanics are changing constantly throughout the game, it never gets boring and you are never used to your task.Plus, the humour in this game is brilliant. (I love Scotts humour in general)There seems to be a game-breaking glitch that happened to some, but you shouldn't judge a book by its cover. Bugs happen all the time, even with super expensive games and I am sure that it will be fixed soon. Plus, my game worked fine, so if you are reading reviews and wondering if you should get it -- buy it. It's on sale right now anyway and it is not an expensive game. Buy it and experience the setting yourself.(And yea, Night 4 might need a bit tuning, but nevertheless it is super terrifying! ;D)10/10 would get trolled by Scott again. (kid-friendly...mature edition.... pffff! ;D)EDIT: Since Scott updated the game, the glitches should be gone and Night 4 is possible now. Plus he added Custom Night, which is extremely fun to play imo. :) You should give it a try. My personal fav is Bottom Shelf here. :)"
76561198268182033,Recommended,506610,32839562,Posted: 26 June,all,joshua5270713,I just really do not know what to say i <3 this game its amazing!
76561198019359778,Recommended,506610,33116307,Posted: 1 July,all,mcast111,love it
,Recommended,506610,32603453,Posted: 20 June,all,joseph,"Okay. I'm gonna go more in depth with this review. The other games were fantastic. I love each and every one of them. But this one was a bit less enjoyable for me. Lets get the positives out of the way first. I love what this game wants to do. It goes for something way more different. The fact it has more than sitting there and trying to survive is a bit more interesting. I also love the animatronics designs. The more cute designs makes for cute fan art and great oppritunities for more creepy moments. I also love the voice acting. I particularly like Funtime Freddy's and Ballora's. Kellen Goff did an amazing job with Funtime Freddy's voice. He truly sounds insane and I can tell he had a blast doing it. Michella Moss also did an awesome job voicing Ballora. Very calming and soothing. But at the same time very creepy. If I heard that at night. I would probably crap my pants and jump out the window. I also loved Baby's voice. Heather Masters. Like I said for Ballora. Calm and soothing, But creepy enough for it to fit.I also really liked how Baby was helping us. It made us feel like we were not alone. Too bad that she betrayed us in the end. (also I totally believe in the theory that Ennard was controlling baby) And this is where it (kinda) falls apart.First off. The frame rate. I hate the frame rate. It might just be my computer. But if I can run Outlast at 30 fps. And Sister location only at 10 fps. I think there is something wrong here. Plus there is nothing custom about the custom night. Its all set characters and set difficulties. I loved how you could train up to the different 20 modes. Yes. You can do the same here. But still. Just call it Challenge mode or something like that. Also the password... I won't comment upon it. But I'll just say that its way too hard. Overall. I'll give this game a 6/10. 50/100. 3 and a half stars. Whatever you want to rate it by. A lot of this can simply be fixed by a new laptop. But this is just my opinion. Good job Scott. But I personally didn't like it too much. Actually. I enjoy watching it more than I do playing it. If you have a good computer. I definitely reccomend it."
,Recommended,506610,25925961,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,AC Gaming,"This game adds more lore into the series than never before.Using new gameplay features like crawling through vents and old ones such as cameras and doors, this game is a mix of old and new whilst adding to the mysterious story surrounding Freddy Fazbear's Pizza.Scott has once again produced a truly great game and I hope that the fnaf series doesnt end here."
,Recommended,506610,25926144,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Maniac Gaming,"Wow, I was not expecting this at all! It's like a whole new game! No cameras, to time, just completeing objectives. And save points! Great job Scott!"
76561198173353551,Recommended,506610,25926057,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Benwarp,Scott really showed us what sort of games he can make from the cutscenes to the voice actors sister location is a great instalment but my only problem with it is it has little to go replay value
76561198336877316,Recommended,506610,26438442,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,mmduh jin,best game
76561198155809842,Recommended,506610,30939581,Posted: 4 April,all,cqbanimal,the game is better than all the other games in F.N.A.F series5 / 5 starsi had a problem though the hand unit would not appear so i cant complete the rest of the game :( :(the game is still the best game i have played    :D
76561198335390586,Recommended,506610,28411300,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,christiancaronisgay,This game is awesome it's a new thing every night and when you miss the classic freddy game there is a custom night that is like the original but with so many twist 10/10 would play again and i have
76561198092687789,Recommended,506610,25908119,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Craedn,"Oh god, where to begin.The jumpscare in Night 2 with Baby's little friends (don't know their names) are terrifying, and I ONLY GOT THAT ONCE. I legitimately quit after getting this jumpscare. Dear lord, this game will go places, Scott, and not only pizzarias.The introduction (Night 1) is pretty spot on. The robotic speaker reminds me of Valve's Aperture Lab speaker!I love the post-game after Night 1, very comically relieving! :DFinally, the date this comes out. Despite the trolling you've done thus far, Scott, I (we(all of us)) want to say thank you for making this franchise. We all appreciate what you do and what you have done to come this far.Thank you!-SStuwieGamingAxew"
,Recommended,506610,25909297,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Pirate Shantae,"This game is scary,no joke!!"
76561198314532938,Recommended,506610,25909325,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Exotic butters,"i had to get it, i had to but i got it, Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location is, i cant explain it fully, it the final chapter to the fnaf games, long story sort it TO SCARRY! get it if you want but be wanit it 2 spooky 4 you"
76561198271956207,Recommended,506610,25909857,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Gir,you can eat popcorn and watch a tv show about vampires10/10 would popcorn again
76561198148214268,Recommended,506610,25909981,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,joseph/koopa,its good but too hard on night 2
,Recommended,506610,25909994,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,OutRun,"I'll admit it: I did not expect a good game. It's the fifth horror game, and it seemed too good to be true. But it shows that this was taken time into. The graphics are exceptional, the movement is smooth, and the mechanics are thoughtful. There is also humor in the aftermath of Night 1.The only complaint that I have is that there is a big difference between the gameplay Night 1 and Night 2, and it goes too slow."
76561198133942481,Recommended,506610,25910777,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,SOUL EATER,is so funny and cool i love this game
76561198196261431,Recommended,506610,25910779,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Whistlescritch,"I love the game, but is anyone else having issues with their cursor ""floating"" after they finish moving the mouse? I use a wireless mouse and I've tried unplugging the nib and plugging it back in again as well as changing the battery in the mouse. Other than this slight issue, I'm having a blast! Thank you, Scott, for another fantastic game! I can't wait to finish it."
,Recommended,506610,25908646,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Goopirah,"Ugh, way too violent and scary, should be more kid friendly, I feel sick, this is disgusting, why am I attracted to Ballora? This is unnacceptable. 7.5/10 - too much spook."
,Recommended,506610,25909052,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,manou.von.havest,Really amaznig!I didn't even finished Night 2 so I can't say much but what I can say is....HOLY MOTHER OF HYLIA THIS GAME IS TRULY AMAZING!You did a great job Scott!Its not a horro we've seen in other Fnaf titles. its a new horror.All the voice actors are amazing too.I'm flashed about this game so sorry about my english xDI just love this game!
,Recommended,506610,25909319,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Shadow,"This game looks cool, and has kinda new mechanics but as far as i've come i dont know wtf i have to do xdthe same spook scared me multiple times. Worth playing, and hopefully Markimoo makes gameplay soon ;)"
,Recommended,506610,26492923,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,№blΞ Noscoper,Longest interactive cutscene ever made
,Recommended,506610,29533559,Posted: 27 January,all,Skull,"Pretty Kewl!!!! i Like it, BUT I HATE DAT U GOTTA MOVE THE WHOLE TIME!!! but i still like!"
,Recommended,506610,26005217,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Haven,"MOST DEFINETSDAFNL KSAMD.FM KLSM FUNTIME FOXY♥♥♥♥♥♥FK U JUMPSCAERAim calm ;-;For real though, this game is amazing at Ambient enviornment, and isn't even laggy. The realistic voices, the footsteps, the unexpected jumpscare of Funtime Foxy, is honestly just all amazing. I am so impressed by this, and I hope to god there IS NOT ANOTHER FNAF GAMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE dammit."
,Recommended,506610,25910963,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Howl Moon(zzz),Extremelym spooky and fun
,Recommended,506610,27374676,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JDPlays,"This game is amazing. This is honestly my favorite Five Nights at Freddy's games and even one of my favorite in general. I think the reason i like this game so much is because it's dfferent than all the other Freddy's games. I recommened this game to the people who have never played a Five Nights at Freddy""s game before because it's now to hard and not to easy and I recommend this to the people who have been playing these games sence the begining. I've gotten all 3 stars and I can't wait for custom night to be released."
76561198168495230,Recommended,506610,27262244,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[NS] Flame Alistar,"This game is so amazing! I love the story line, and how good the actors voices are and the feeling they put into this game. This game should win an award ^-^"
76561198253041868,Recommended,506610,27495920,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,|>3/\T|-|  Crafter,Thank you Scott for making this amazing series most people didn't like FNaF:World but i loved it just same as Silver Eyes my favorite FNaF game is FNaF 3 i loved them all you deffinataly need a break you deserve one-Crafty
76561198278999244,Recommended,506610,26108786,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,chickenbro222,this game is relly good and its fun to
76561198173475794,Recommended,506610,26112321,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,FNaFandBendyLover87,"This is definitely a 10/10 from me. I love this game and you get to go in vents which is creepy and awesome! Also, when you're in the Parts/Service Room, Funtime Freddy's voice sounds like a complete maniac, which I absolutely love, and makes the game even better. It's a great game and it's very different to the other FNaF Games so far! Can't wait for the Custom Night! Keep up the good work, Scott! ;)"
,Recommended,506610,26113309,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,SuperDeluexBigFap With Cheese,Don't attempt night 4 :(https://youtu.be/XdCp-XCfgqo
76561198268157002,Recommended,506610,26152014,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,PROSHKA,КАК ПРОЙТИ 4 НОЧЬ ААААААА!!!!!!!!!! СКОТТ ОТВЕТЬ!!!!!!! МНЕ КАК МНЕ ПРОЙТИ 4 ГРЁБАНУЮ НОЧЬ!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,26152430,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Ravioli Ravioli youre a Fagetoli,the story comes alive when your playing the game like u want more u want to know the story behind all of this
,Recommended,506610,26185568,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,JACKERADIFI,"Dear Scott Cawthon, Can you please nerf/ de-buff night two. Every time a connect to the circuit breaker system the animatronics start talking to me and I have to disconnect and play the mascot. Then the percentage goes to 0. I know you nerfed night 4, but please can you nerf night two's circuit breaker"
76561198353821233,Recommended,506610,29017183,Posted: 4 January,all,maddsycool,NO TOO MUCH LAG AND BORING GAMEPLAYbut still fun for some
,Recommended,506610,29045269,Posted: 5 January,all,DANGERZONE10101,when i start my game up i cant see the menu or anything just my home screen but i can hear the main menus music playing and the only way i can exit the game is by pressing  esc on my keyboard    do you have any advice that could solve this problem??   i like this game tho i watched some youtubers play it and it looks really good and fun to play so i hope you can help me
76561198321627538,Recommended,506610,28993621,Posted: 3 January,all,Feebleleopard,The Game is a great story driven horror game based on the classics that started this franchise
,Recommended,506610,26173862,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Cute Foxy,thx scott for sl i like it its scary but cool rember am a fan of your games there scary but i love them
,Recommended,506610,26480028,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Mr. Poothtick,"Great gameplay, though I have to say Night 4 is TOUGH!!! Took me 1 whole hour just to beat that night! Otherwise, animation is great, voice-acting is astounding, and great overall story."
76561198171064173,Recommended,506610,26210656,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,707DIAMOND,OMG FNAF SL IS THE BEST I PEED when i played!!!!
76561198354478773,Recommended,506610,28882022,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ADJStyle,I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH!! I cant stop playing its so awesome :)
76561198316161809,Recommended,506610,28924069,Posted: 1 January,all,TheMadCreeperYT,loved it and im still stuck on night 4
,Recommended,506610,29000635,Posted: 4 January,all,∞ Sam ∞,Spooky.
,Recommended,506610,29060732,Posted: 6 January,all,LifeStorm,I like itYay
,Recommended,506610,26010535,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ZEGEES,I have to refund this. I love impossible game and i love horror game.But no.This one will take me a year to finish.;)
,Not Recommended,506610,25952230,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Hateburn,Night 4.
76561198198582589,Recommended,506610,25954860,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Bobowobo,"Its a very well made game im not sure how you beat night 4 though It really does touch on the suspense in horror, Scott defiantly touched on a different part of horror with this one I highly reccomend it Scott did an amazing job with it and its probaly the best one he's ever made."
76561198062835041,Recommended,506610,25954906,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Owen,I got spooped.10/10 would spoop again
76561198335786756,Recommended,506610,25932919,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,bigsdud2004,I love this game thanks a lot scott but ive been playing for 5 hours and i cant beat night 4 even with the patch
76561198087711331,Recommended,506610,26075548,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,dhouseof4,I love this gameI love fnaf
,Recommended,506610,26076975,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Master Zork the Automaton Dildo,I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants.
76561198336919870,Recommended,506610,26077795,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,jeniferalderman,"Scary and amazing! Horror is the one thing I hate, but this game makes me want more horror games!Awesome! Unlike the others, FNAF Sister Location, is the best one of all! The way you have moving around abilities, makes it more fun!Recommended! I recommend this game to, all people who HATE horror games. I do this because, people who do not like horror games will be frightened but amazed, and may want to see Scott's older work.This is why I recommend Five Nights at Freddy's  Sister Location, to people who love, and hate Five Nights at Freddy's!"
,Recommended,506610,26097474,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,JamIaka,#RECOMMENDED ! Beacuse this is a Great FNAF Game ever! BUT it requires a lots of PATIENCE to beat the Very Hard Night 4 especially the FAKE ENDING to get the 3rd Star & Exotic Butters in the basket. Then the CUSTOM NIGHT is quite Difficult af but FUN guys!. #WellPlayedScott ! :2016imnotcrying:
76561198335295959,Recommended,506610,26123599,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,RatLord,hi
76561198171665161,Recommended,506610,26152237,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,YALLOW GAMES!!,XD i love dis game
76561198246959410,Recommended,506610,26204449,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,SirCobsAlot,it is good i do recommend this game but i do have a fue promblems with it :1) night 4 to hard i want to finish the game and get three stars but i cant get three stars if i am stuck on night 4 :2) this is not scotts falt but you cant excap spolers wen i got this game it was all redy spolald for me so do your self a faver and dont spolel it for your self: 3) i know it has not even ben out for a month but relly this game is glichy but it is only glichy under the deks in night 2 and 3 but if you give your computer a restart it shod be good 4) the custom night is prdited to come out in desember but to be abal to do it you have to have three stars to do it in the over games you just have do beat night 6 but in this game you have to get three stars and that is not that bad but you have to beat the minygame with in my openon is the harder than the 4 night and that comeing from me is a big thing. coclshon: but if you think about it this is a relly good game and i think that you shuod play it and it is wrth your mony.
,Recommended,506610,26075535,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,MrEpicPetro,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!! LOVE THE VOICE ACTING!!!!
76561198097040414,Recommended,506610,26083218,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,ThunderWing1777,Exotic butters
76561198169332235,Recommended,506610,26113858,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,SpringtrapGirlPlushieTrap,"The best game in the world !! It deserves a million of likes !! But, the night 4 is too hard for me X( Even if Scott added the update, it's too hard..."
,Recommended,506610,26120496,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,GuiltyKarma,"Unlike any of the previous installments, Sister Location actually does deliver on some decent spooky atmosphere and gameplay."
,Recommended,506610,26122772,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,FilesOfAstonishment,i just play this to clickbait little children into clicking my fnaf videos so i can get some ad revenue and youtube money.
76561198292606936,Recommended,506610,26209732,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,rmjonsson87,A few bugs here and there that need to be fixed other than that a whole new game from the FNAF franchise!
76561198238326254,Recommended,506610,26083487,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Sailor Moon,This was an awesome additon to the series.Scott clearly put a lot of effort into this and the result was a masterpiece :D.Highly Recommended!!!
76561198319224265,Recommended,506610,26113032,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Herokyl,that game is really really cool and ultra creepy it's for you ;)
76561198116013741,Recommended,506610,26150576,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Sonicfan9118,A fresh new horror game it's a new take on the fnaf series it is very fun and scary at the same time 10/10 :D
,Recommended,506610,26480376,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,dman5151,This is the game the series deserved.
76561198220164611,Recommended,506610,26222829,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,JaCrispy76,"Scott went above and beyond the call of duty with this one. The game was very unique and different from the other games, The Lore is amazing, and the Gameplay is great. The voice acting is AWESOME! (Especially for the Exotic Butters thing) Night 4 is pretty difficult, But I would definetly recommend this to a friend."
,Recommended,506610,26470279,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,DatPancakeGamer7500,This may be EXTREMALLY diffrent than the other games but it is AWSOME!!!!! 9/10
76561198205191727,Recommended,506610,26567772,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Micro Masta,"In my opinion, Sister Location is easily the best of the 5 main FNaF games (not counting FNaF World). Each FNaF game tends to add something new to the mix to innovate it, but I feel Sister Location goes the extra mile. You won't be doing the same thing for more than one night, making the game feel a lot more fresh than the previous 4. The story in this installment isn't as cryptic either.  I'm not trashing on the other 4 games, but if you're going to play just one FNaF game, I reccomend this one. Great gameplay, spooky ambience, and a nice additon to the growing FNaF lore. I highly reccomend this if you want a fun horror game to play."
,Recommended,506610,26094860,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,{LGA} MEEMSTAR,"If you didn't like the previous Five Nights at Freddy's games, but you like a story rich, difficult point and click horror game, you'll like this game.Pros:Unlike and FNaF gameWill keep you playing for hoursDifficult to a degreeDark themeCons:The price is $7.99The game is short. (You can finish it in about 2-4 hours)Different endingsNight 4 is TOUGH AS NAILS.""The show will begin momentarily... everyone please stay in your seats.""!FURTHER ON HAS SPOILERS!Here is how to beat the Cupcake minigame:1. Grab Pink Cupcakes, give it to the first two kids you see. (2 cakes per child)2. Then, you should see 5 kids, give 2 cakes to the upper 2 children.3. On the upper right child, go on that platform, jump late off of it, you should jump over Blue.4. Go forward, now you should see 4 children, 1 on left, 3 on right, give the remaining 2 Pinks to the one child on the right.5. Go backwards and grab Blue, once completed, run back to the 1 on left, 3 on right. Stand on the platform that has the ONE child. Fire Blue twice, it shoots 3 cupcakes shotgun style.6. Go forward, you should see Green, DO NOT GRAB IT. Jump onto the platform that has it, then jump OVER it, it's difficult, but doable.7. Once 6 is complete, go forward, stop on the first flower. Jump and fire your last 2 Blue.8. Go back and grab Green.9. Go backward until you see the 5 kids screen. Stand to the right of the 3 children in a line, fire green.10. Run back until you see the 2 children unfed. Fire Green on 1st platform to the left to feed them.11. Jump to the next screen, and fire green to feed the kids.12. IF you do this correctly, you should see an ICE CREAM. Collect it, but DO NOT go to the Goal.13. Run all the way back to the beginning, once on the beginning screen, keep walking left and SPAMMING fire.14. Once completed, you gain your 2nd star and the keycard for something, but what?15. Use the keycard, but where?!HUGE SPOILERS AHEAD!Private Room INSTRUCTIONS:NOTE: It is HIGHLY recommended that you use a stereo headset for this, it is CRUCIAL for completion.NOTE: For completion, you only need the BOTTOM LEFT, RIGHT, AND MIDDLE cameras.12-3:59 AM: You should hear a mechanical noise, using the headset, determine which direction, Left, Middle, or Right. Check the camera, if he is far away from the camera, put your camera down and wait. You should hear another noise, close the corresponding door and check the camera as you did before. He should be right up against the camera. Set your camera down. Wait for another noise. When you hear it, open your door. There is no need to check the camera, he will be gone. Repeat.4-6 AM: This part is VERY difficult. EVERY time you hear a noise, close the corresponding door, and check the camera, if you don't, he will CHARGE at you, and kill you. Keep the door closed. When you hear another noise, check the camera again, he will be right up against it. KEEP YOUR DOOR CLOSED. Once you hear another noise. Open your door and DO NOT check your camera, he will be gone. Trust me.Here are the good Power Percents for each hour transition:12-1: 83%1-2: 67%2-3: 51%3-4: 36%4-5: 18%5-6: 0%Once you do this, congrats! You win your third star and your keycard for Custom Night in December!You also unlock the secret animatronic, Ennard.Did you know that the Private Room is known as the ""Boss Fight?""The Private Room ending is known as the ""Fake Ending.:"
,Recommended,506610,26139762,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,[PNP] DarkFig,I  used to hate this series as well as the fandom but i love this game. And i still hate the fandom.
,Recommended,506610,26464434,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Mikadorno,"Really cool and Spoopy game,recommended!"
76561198258051672,Recommended,506610,26021015,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Pennywise The Dancing Clown,"This is one of my favorite Fnaf games1. Five Nights At Freddy's2. Five Nights At Freddy's 23. Five Nights At Freddy's Sister Location3. Five Nights At Freddy's 44. Five Nights At Freddy's 3(Yes I know I have two three's. I can't decide)This game has what the others don't somewhat, free roam. I feel like an animatronic now because you get to climb in the vents. I am a fan of the Five Nights At Freddy's series. Infact the FNAF series is my favorite game series."
,Recommended,506610,26193056,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,The Shemazing Hekapoo,"Great game in my opinion, kind of pricey but worth it"
76561198227837548,Recommended,506610,26197786,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,melody marie song,REALLLY GREAT!! so stress inducing but hey scoot how about you start a new game series?  i would love to see more games from you that arnt fnaf not saying i dont like fnaf no its an amazing series! but i would LOVE TO SEE MORE FROM U!
76561198141296090,Recommended,506610,25961583,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Brad Duct-Tape Hale,"I freaking Love it. Smooth story and lots of funCould have been longer, felt too short.8-10"
76561198151660513,Recommended,506610,25933356,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Jeszu03,"Just played through night 1, and almost finished night 2. It's creepier than the nights 1-2 of the other FNaF games. Graphics are good, and sound acting sounds nice. It's a good mix of humor and horror."
76561198334815702,Recommended,506610,25932790,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,felisreocabral,"it is a realy good game, because its scary en thats what i recommended for this game. great job scott ;)"
76561198334338788,Recommended,506610,25961889,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,pawssomme,I love the game scott thank you.
76561198182970415,Recommended,506610,26199674,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,harrydog101,I love this game. I'm so stuck on the 4th night. I need help.
76561198331280266,Recommended,506610,32307678,Posted: 9 June,all,Icubed33,thsi game was one the step ups for this franchise it is sop good
76561198013964384,Recommended,506610,27917667,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hatty,"A terrifying, innovate game that gets let down by its short length, underutilized story and ridiculous difficulty. Both happy and disappointed by this, but I still enjoyed it immensely."
,Recommended,506610,25932801,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Volcanex,This game is really well made.No more to say.
,Recommended,506610,26116602,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,jacck916,Loving this game
,Recommended,506610,26204351,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Shadow Gamer,"Awesome! Let me tell you my favorite video on this! Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwhU1DFoRfoAnd i was playing it when i was with freddy (and his puppet bonnie) then he jumpsared me. But i think i heard ""It's me"" when he jumpsared me. 10/10!"
76561198296767067,Recommended,506610,26120485,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,888jamesmcd,"This game is amazing!!! It has many similarities to FNAF 4 however. If you guys like the normal checking cameras, and those normal mechanics, work your way through the game. I didn't think I'd like the game because of that reason but I have actually really enjoyed it so far."
76561198280822614,Recommended,506610,27386010,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,🎃Killer Max🎃,I give this game 10/10 because of the jumpscares they really get me XD
76561198308609244,Recommended,506610,31436073,Posted: 29 April,all,chica_alf,i like it ♥♥♥♥ you all
76561198316662265,Recommended,506610,25952979,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Tocalmonical,It good.
76561198289173604,Recommended,506610,27871524,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,respecter of wamen,10/10would play againedit: to the person who didn't find this review helpfuli wIlL fInD yOu
,Recommended,506610,25915972,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,FNAFLVR109,"1ST. It is the first ever free roam fnaf game made by Scott.2ND. Sometimes, you get a secret minigame when you die, (rarely)3RD. New Animatronics!!!!!!!!!!!!!4TH. You get to crawl through vents.5TH. You must have quick reflexes when you pass by Ballora and in the breaker room.That's it ENJOY Sister Location"
,Recommended,506610,25929472,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Crazypyrospyro,so scary such jupscares such hype
76561198089773478,Not Recommended,506610,25957901,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Xfinity Wifi Sucks,"This game could have been way better. I'm sorry scott, but when I saw the trailer, I was so hyped for the game. this btw is the first fnaf i played all the way through. I liked how everything was layed out, but there were so many things that were missing from this game. I get the first night was to get our bearings, but everything we learned didn't even end up mattering, and where's that feeling of being left to do our thing from the rest of the game? Everything was scripted from beginning to end, with little to no element of surprise, the voice on the intercom really should've just told us what to do instead of holding our hand the whole way. checking the stages didn't change anything when we'd actually go through the rooms, crawling through the vents gave no feeling of endangerment. Ballora, to me at least, had no effect against the player, i'd be surprised if she killed anyone. and the 5th night gave no challenge whatsoever. So there were really only three nights of real gameplay, aside from the easter egg ending. Now on the topic of NIGHT 4, I though that part was really what this game was about, I was really generally afraid of what was going on compared to the rest of the game, it was just too difficult like everyone was saying. Night 5 was really just like a long cutscene, almost no effort is required to finish it, and it's Night 5.  *SPOILER ALERT* The whole security office with Ennard was really the only main enjoyable part of this game, but the point of this game was to go another way with this game than the other games, so why is this the best part of the game? So to end this review, I feel this game was WAY WAY WAY more rich in story aspects compared to gameplay. If you were willing to remake or continue this game, but put more time into it to really bring out it's potential, maybe even use a different engine, i would recommend this game, but not for the time being."
,Recommended,506610,25958018,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Scarygamer 281,Technician in a creepy abandoned looking place underground. A story with a major twist and possibly the beginning of FNAF original series. The spinoff FNAF game is worth playing while we are still trying to find out the truth about Funtime Foxy!
76561198128346916,Recommended,506610,25917193,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,[TGOV] Lengarde,"Its Kewl. Its really fun and enjoyable. The only problem is on night 2 when you crawl under the desk, When the little baby animatronics try to open it twice, After that nothing happened. Its like it froze and i would be there for forever"
76561198080148599,Recommended,506610,25917306,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Zaroh Myrax,"This game is amazing in the way scott put it togeather it isnt nearly unplayable like fnaf 4 was because it was so crazy hard and scary, but it gives you a great feel and still that strong jump of fear when you do the wrong thing. my only problem is night 4. its not scary really but its more of a broken rage night with 10 locks you have to keep tight and over 9000 little puppets crawling inside you trying to loosen your locks causing your death. I still have not beat night 4 but so far except the night 4 its my fav so far!!!"
76561198254064558,Recommended,506610,25917459,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Blizz_Mage,This is proubly my new fav fnaf game ^^ i enjoy the new gameplay and the difficulty it brings to the plate later on. It's not like the other four games but diffrent can be good at times. I recomand this game.
,Recommended,506610,25915096,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Pumpkin,Amazing best game of fnaf!!!!
,Recommended,506610,25946669,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,xd,Exotic Butters
,Recommended,506610,25931835,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SuperSonicEli,♥♥♥♥in hard
76561198319042854,Recommended,506610,25913994,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Chrome,"The game is amazing so far!!! But at night two after trying to close the cabinet to hide, the game kinda just stops. I can move the flashlioght around but the night won't continue."
,Recommended,506610,25935347,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Lakatria,Best Popcorn Ever! Nice Butter And TV!! Feels Like I'm in the theater!!
76561198178746506,Recommended,506610,25935288,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,LGD,It is good :P
76561198352878389,Recommended,506610,30201437,Posted: 26 February,all,RedFlag04,i loved the game it was greta every thing about it was good but there was one big problem with the game in the extras there wasnt a Building ballorea could someone telll me why pls other han that the game was great toattly recommend
76561198116685650,Not Recommended,506610,34065767,Posted: 6 August,all,supernes64cube,"This game fails to do anything differently than the previous games. Look around in the dark, try to avoid the inevitable jumpscare, die, do it all again until you win. Not very exciting, is it?I would recommend the first two FNaF games as they were unique, simple and well-made, but the sequels after those are simple cash grabs that are not worth your time. Make sure to pass on this one."
,Not Recommended,506610,33660436,Posted: 19 July,all,JayDee,"This is an example of one of those games that falls in the Uncanney Valley of gaming, at least for me; it's so close to being really good, but there are smaller issues that hold the game back from being the fantastic product it could be, thus inducing intense feelings of disappointment and frustration.I dig the more extreme departure from the aethetics of the previous games. Now, for the most part, the enemies AND the environment are quite clean. I'd almost go so far as to say that the enemies are almost cute. The horror in this game doesn't really come from the enemies themselves, even with their weird face-opening gimmick.Rather than the format of all the previous games where you have to survive for a certain amount of time, you survive nights by accomplishing a linear series of tasks, some of which resemble the traditional FNaF format in some form or another. The difference is that these tasks are actually skill-based, which makes them a lot of fun and rewarding to play.But the gameplay isn't nearly as front-and-center here as it was in the previous four. In this installment, Scott has decided to cut the crap and make the game all about the story. This is also the first game in the series to feature voice actors other than Scott himself, and the actual quality of it is suprisingly good. The story seems to fill in a lot of the lore gaps left by the previous games, and even presents the possibility of an unexpected, but totally badass, protagonist.What kills the game for me is the difficulty curve. It's pretty consistent for the first three nights, but the fourth night is brutal to the point of being unreasonable. It was so bad, in fact, that Scott released a patch for the game making it easier. But it's STILL ridiculously difficult. This is especially frustrating, considering that playing through night 5 to get the canon ending is incredibly easy. And when you solve the hidden puzzle in the game to unlock the alternate ending, the alternate ending features the same 12-6 am survival gameplay as the previous titles, complete with brutal difficulty and RNG-based enemy movement.The bulk of this game's replay value comes from the Custom night, which has the 12-6 am gameplay of the first four games and night 5 of this game, with up to ten different characters to set on yourself at once. It comes with a bunch of presets like the custom night for FNaF 2, as well as difficulty presets. If you complete one of these presets on its hardest difficulty, you are given a cutscene for the final lore clue of the game. After completing all of these presets on their highest difficulty, you are given the final lore clue of the game. But this custom night has the same RNG problems of the previous games. You might as well just look the endings and lore clues up on YouTube.The biggest appeal of FNaF (for me at least) was the suprisingly dense lore, and the lore clues hidden in the games. Watching people try to put everything together in a coherent universe and story over the past few years has actually been a lot of fun. But you don't exactly need the games to watch people put the lore together, so save your hard-earned cash for something else."
,Recommended,506610,26050227,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ravingrowan,"Great, needs sports candy"
76561198412933431,Recommended,506610,34766319,Posted: 5 September,all,lovemybks,i love it but i HATE night 4
,Recommended,506610,26172034,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,SealeySean15,"i know i gave this game a thumbs up but never in my life have i been so...torn when it comes to my enjoyment of a game like this.there are things i like in sister location and there are things i don't like in sister location, i guess i'll start with the good.PROS: this is the most story driven game in the fnaf series and is a huge leap forward and i like that, the previous fnaf games told their stories through 8-bit mini games and/or secret newspaper clipings which left most of the story unclear but in sister location tells the story clearly, now some story bits are still left in the dark but not as much as in the past games.the robot designs in sister location are just amazing, scott was always good at making robots and sister location shows off his best work from the highly detailed looks of circus baby and ballora to the simple, yet refined looks of bidybab and minireena to the nice redesigns of freddy, bonnie, and foxyok now i talk about the things i don't like in sister location.....CONS: the gameplay, in the first 3 fnaf games, they had camera and power management mechanics and in fnaf4, it had sound based mechanics and all previous games, each one of the 5 nights got harder and harder but in sister location...it's basicly a diffrent minigame each night with story bits in betweennight 1: tutorial nightnight 2: hide and seek with bidybab and red light, green light with ballora and freddynight 3: hide and seek with foxy and bonnienight 4: i'll talk about night 4 in my next point.......night 5: follow the leader with circus babyi found most of these nights to be vary boring and tedious and i only sloged through them to get to the next part of the story.final con.....night 4, it's easily the worst part of the game, at night 4 you get stuffed in a springlock suit and have to keep the springlocks from getting lose while fending off minirenna, sounds okay on paper...till you actually play it1: there are too many springlocks to keep track of, this wouldn't be so bad if not for minirenna2: every time minirenna grabs on to you, you have to shake it off causing the springlocks to get lose faster and due to the high number of springlocks, you get overwelmed fast and end up losing the night3: everytime you die, you have to sit through a 5 min. cutscene...and you can't skip it4: even though scott made the night easier in a recent patch, it's still frustrating to playand well..that's it for the review, overall i wanted to enjoy the game and i'm happy scott is willing to change things up, this was a poor exucution and still needs some work but for something i paid $8 for...i guess it could of been worse(scott announced a custom night update to the game that will be released in december, when it comes out i will update my review to share my thoughts on it)"
,Not Recommended,506610,34804601,Posted: 7 September,all,Book Hors,"Better than the other games, still not fun tho, nice story, horrible fandom. Dont like the game too much"
76561198153169229,Recommended,506610,25910316,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Big Smoke,This is a great fnaf game it has been worked on really hard to bad its so short
76561198182769861,Recommended,506610,34845518,Posted: 9 September,all,hmm_jgm,I have not beat this game (stuck on night 3) but it was awsome when i saw the trailer I was horrified for weeks thinking about if something would come after me. I recomend playing the other games before this so you know what is happening.
76561198242023058,Recommended,506610,34672993,Posted: 1 September,all,I_Too_Have_A_Mother,"A classic horror game, one of the scariest in years!  Love it!  Like all the other ones, but much more interactive!"
,Recommended,506610,34838108,Posted: 9 September,all,Mc.CandyKane3d,Its very fun but I hate the most is nigh 4
76561198148440546,Recommended,506610,25912532,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Chadical Chad,MY NEW FAVORITE GAME! LOTS OF EFFORT PUT INTO THIS GAME. MY FAVORITE FNAF GAME AND GENERAL GAME! YOU CAN TELL HOW HARD HE WORKED ON THIS. MUST GET!!!!!!
76561198260446577,Recommended,506610,26244149,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,nazemswedco.8,the best game on the world all the fnaf 1 2 3 4 si
76561198285941455,Recommended,506610,26207805,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Peri,Great game. Its like all the Fnaf games in one with a bit more. I still like the First game but this may be my second favorite.
76561198316113396,Recommended,506610,29082390,Posted: 7 January,all,undead,The game is fun up until night 4 literally I have spent 2 days on this game trying to beat this night and still I haven't beaten it the game would be a lot funner to me if that night was a little easier but the game is still good.
76561198161032293,Recommended,506610,25926603,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,hlappy45,Don't fruck ur sister
,Not Recommended,506610,25972468,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Twonky_07,"I really wish I could give this game a positive review, but the mechanics are just too sloppy, like they haven't been fully playtested. Getting past the last part of night 3 is unrealistically difficult due to the really high sensitivity & movement of Bonnie, and I've heard of major difficulties/bugs with the mechanics from night 4 and onwards. Great story, but I won't be playing this again until there are significant patches to the game."
76561198335411645,Recommended,506610,25928704,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Raiderlcg,"OML best thing in my life. scary, and a challenge. But, I bet Scott hid something again but more...secret..."
,Recommended,506610,28173068,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Fredbear247,"I love the game, the graphics, the way you don't stay in one room all the time. I just think it will be great if we can set the AI for the animatronics on Custom Night."
76561198335225779,Recommended,506610,28244057,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,you will not care,FLIP YERS
76561198335640228,Recommended,506610,28189810,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,jfhghifhg,This game is very different to the other FNaF games and is a very good addition to the story. If you have not played it you should. It is a great game. Thank you Scott. :D
,Recommended,506610,25983976,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,∞ㄒ卄丨匚匚∞,in my opinion its a little fun but not like i could play all night fun but still i recommend it!
76561198161403729,Recommended,506610,25972243,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Tracker99,this game is scary and scary the ending are scary to.
76561198049533608,Recommended,506610,25920236,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Jason'F13th Janne,Fnaf sister location is more scary then fnaf 4 and this best horror game ever 10/10 great job Scott :)
76561198308262566,Recommended,506610,26443601,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,JW12345  (Exotic Butters):,9/10because the cupsenes are to long **night 4** and theres no way to skin them
76561198154353647,Recommended,506610,31629824,Posted: 8 May,all,AWESOMEMAN24,awesome
,Not Recommended,506610,25926432,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Yammi The Skeet Fiend,The game is ♥♥♥♥ed
76561198273988363,Not Recommended,506610,35205240,Posted: 25 September,all,SquirtleDerp,"It Sucks because it will not oad and im like YES i can finally play this game But no as soon as Handyunit says ""lets check on ballora"" it crashes its really annoying It might be something wrong with the computer I dont know but I can really Use some help! #bored"
76561198272043021,Recommended,506610,25914063,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Wonkles,"great, scary, game bonnie is frustrating"
76561197970705235,Recommended,506610,25920603,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Quack,one of the best five nights at freddy's games!
,Recommended,506610,25920601,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Soarin [CoBalt],love the new style!!! gg
76561198092576625,Recommended,506610,26000325,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Salva22,Good Game Good Jumpscares Good Terror Game 10/10
,Recommended,506610,26183789,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,MikuMikuCraver01,OOH BABY! You've done it again! This is probably the best fnaf game IN THE SERIES! Good job Scott!
76561198232944820,Recommended,506610,25926288,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,FruityStrawb,"Very different to the other FNaF games, also a lot more to do and certain parts you have to be careful with, i recommend FNaF: SL :)"
76561198272657892,Recommended,506610,25946105,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,itzwaffletime1212,i believe this game was ok i really liked how it was differant to the other fnaf games in the franchise and the atmosphere was 100% perfect its just the graphics could be better and the game could be longer than it is so i have made my mind and i recommend it well done scott :]
,Recommended,506610,25921901,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,nibiru,"This game was completely different FNAF game.The other title: Five Nights at Freddy's 1,2 and 3 was not scary.Five Nights at Freddy's 4? It's ok.BUT This game, damn it was hard.The animatronics was become creepy now, challenging game.Night 4 was hard to pass.I give this game: 9/10"
76561198238534384,Recommended,506610,25929843,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,D3v1nTh3PlushF0xy,Best game
76561198273524250,Recommended,506610,25929938,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,MiaLetsPlay,Love it!
,Recommended,506610,25991372,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,MarkPowPow,"Five Nights At Freddys: Cameras, Doors, Lights, ChicaFive Nights At Freddys 2: Cameras, NO DOORS, Lights, Sexy ChicaFive Nights At Freddys 3: Cameras, NO DOORS, NO LIGHTS, Scary ChicaFive Nights At Freeddys 4: NO CAMERAS, Doors, NO LIGHTS, 2 mouthed jaw chicaSister Location: NO CAMERAS, NO DOORS, NO LIGHTS, NO CHICA, Exotic Butters10/10"
76561198003798099,Recommended,506610,25991283,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,NEHWind,"Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location is highly recomended. Don't believe what you hear, the game is not made of jumpscares, and frankly the series never was. A deep story and pretty crazy gameplay variety. Easily the best in the series in my eyes."
,Recommended,506610,25909794,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Rival XL,"After the the fourth installment in the Five Nights at Freddy's series (FNAF), it was time for things to change a bit. This game only changed one thing in my opinion, different objectives each night. While that is a good thing, the main game was so short that this in my opinion should have been $2.  The second night was tenseful on my first playthrough.You barely even get to witness the characters like see wise, If you see them (in which you will) you'll probably have to fend yourself against them one time. One character that is suppose to be the star of this one, is never in the game. You only get to  see her or it once. That character is Circus Baby. Wasn't enough gameplay and too d*mn short. Likely why can't we move around and surive freely without some computer telling you to go here and go there. Also, a few people who HATED the series enjoyed this one. But 60% of the game you're just walking through a dark hallway. But Idk why but there is so much good that I'd love to say but I can't find a way to explain it, I can only say the negative things about it. 100 hours on this game too, so I f**king love it! In a nutshell, FNAF Sister Location is just a bunch of mini games.Custom Night DLC :This was to make up for the gameplay. I enjoyed every single bit of it but it still didn't add Circus Baby in.Do I think it is a good horror game?no.Do I think it is a good game?YesNote: Please no hate from fans. I'm a BIG FNAF FAN (that's an understatement) I'm just being brutally honest as I try to do with all my reviews. I would love to say all the good things but I can't think of them even though there is so many good things in this game."
76561198381691642,Recommended,506610,35360464,Posted: 30 September,all,knsundar02,i love it a lot
76561198203339930,Recommended,506610,25985889,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Achevement on a techincal level,"If you don't like the game, im gonna come to YOUR house!To watch some movies."
76561198208930039,Recommended,506610,25910884,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,noahfix47,I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVED IT
,Not Recommended,506610,25938468,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,spoky,"Way too much ""press this button to advance the plot and maybe see a spooky thing"" kinda stuff. This game does deviate from the other games style-wise, which isn't a bad thing. I was just bored the whole time."
,Recommended,506610,26073158,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,26jupitarium,"I thought that this would be another crappy run on of the previous Five Nights At Freddys, but no.This one surprized me,It has great voice acting,actual puzzles,twists,but still, Jumpscares. At least this one had more of an atmosphere to it.There's still things I would change, but I would rate it a 7.5/10. Good job Scott, you made me♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants, and the last time I did that was the original FNAF or whatever they call it."
76561198057136626,Not Recommended,506610,25920575,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Gates,"Put simply I think this game is unfinished.Sister Location has some good ideas going for it, but unfortunately it completely lacks in execution. The game mechanics are terribly implemented, with little to no feedback and overall clunkiness. The lack of feedback when using the game mechanics makes the game feel like a guessing game leading to a frustrating experience for the player, who may struggle to determine what they are doing wrong/ what they are supposed to do. The creator of this game tries to deliver a scary experience for its player, but the unjustified level of difficulty (exemplified in night 4) ruins the scary atmosphere and replaces it with an overwhelmingly frustrated one.The game also falters on a design level at times, with night 4 being a good example of this. The game practically tells you not to wriggle in night 4, but then it turns out that you need to wriggle in order to complete the night. The game basically lies to the player for no good reason and it honestly baffles me how this design choice made it into the final product.The voice acting of the female voice that speaks to you throughout the game is also painfully cheesy and works to the detriment of the game.Overall, Scott Cawthon needs to fix the game mechanics of this game in order for the cost of it to be warranted.3/10"
,Recommended,506610,29572529,Posted: 29 January,all,0gna.,LOL WTF THIS IS SO STANGE AND COOOOLLLL
,Recommended,506610,25916400,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,All-Hallows-Trop,"Despite the difficulty of Night 4, it's an all around awesome experience for anyone who can muster up the courage to face... Five Nights at Freddy's."
76561198078898422,Recommended,506610,25910272,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,dawgsrfun,"This is extreamly cool and scary, I like how Baby gives you tips (Im on night/shift 3 btw) This is very interesting and i realy like the break time parts at home. (Cool tv show and lore from what i know) Also tip (and spoiler i guess)When the cover door starts to open, quickly grab the same spot that you used to pull the door closed. This will happen 2-3 times if im correct. also listen to the voice (i know its baby, message me if you want to know how.Anyways, overall great game! Im still playing the game so i might make some edits. If you are a FNaF Fan, Get this game. it is a big change from 1-4.EDIT: night 4 is tough as nailsthe springlocks just keep geting bad too early, still a good game and i know there was an update and there is an easier fix, just make the springlocks go down slower arround 1-2 secondsRATEING EDIT: i asume 8.7 out of 10? there are things that should be made diffrently. like as i said night 4. its still a good game (if you ask me one of the best out of the series) so yeah."
76561198059744017,Recommended,506610,25913725,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,moogleLock,"A very different turn of events from the previous Five Nights games, Scott has proven that he's got more tricks up his sleeve! This game will leave you cringing in your chair, and your skin crawling! A must buy, but don't let a ""lets play"" ruin it for you, play it first !"
,Recommended,506610,35424592,Posted: 2 October,all,Corporal Yankee™ Yankee.$quad,got it free its very nice i completed all nights i give a 10/10
76561198300784839,Recommended,506610,35427716,Posted: 2 October,all,NOTAGK33,"Ayy, that a pretty good game! Also late review cuz ♥♥♥♥ you that's why !"
76561198006957460,Recommended,506610,26099884,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,☢Rooby Booby☢,"IMO Sister Location feels like an interactive movie or playable teaser, but granted, that's what I feel like considering how much the usual FNAF formula changed with this game. It's good for a first time experience, for obvious reasons, but replayability is very low because of the game's linearity (which is heavy). However, I think the replayability most definitely will increase with the Custom Night update. If you're a FNAF fan, I'm pretty sure you'll like it for what it is.My only complaint with the game is Night 4. Not because of how challenging it was or how stupid I was when I tried beating it, but because of the lack of info it gives you when you mess up. Usually you can't tell why you died when you do, it just happens. On a personal note, this did fool me into thinking there's a mechanic in play that actually isn't there, which only worsened things. And I only found that out after I beat Night 4 after 461 attempts (lol). Disappoints me that the springlocks trigger the same jumpscare. Something a bit more ""brutal"" would've fit in just fine xDOn a sidenote, what intrigues me still is 1578. Why would those numbers play in a random order everywhere in the game, even the menus?"
,Recommended,506610,26103907,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Epiic-Irons,Love this one definitely play
76561198202444220,Recommended,506610,27899247,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Alexnightfire71,Cool game but the downside to this game was night 4 good luck!
76561198275433852,Recommended,506610,27900721,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,cjcbaldboy,"This is a wonderful continuation of the FNAF franchise, adding more lore, more minigames, and more killer animatronics!"
76561198134790771,Recommended,506610,27895355,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aquilo Devoss Kaos™,it is one of the best games i have ever played for quite a while
,Not Recommended,506610,25910003,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Alicorn,"It's a drag trying to figure out what to do and to fail over and over again. I looked everywhere and I couldn't find another clue. Dark Souls is quite careful not letting the player feel looped. They give many options in ways to kill the boss. I wish Scott would hire testers to make sure there is no confusion about gameplay. Therefore, players can enjoy the challenge without the struggle in finding the mechanics in the first place. I love challenging game; Dark Souls and Myst come to mind. Good luck Scott and take care buddy. From one creator to another."
76561198335179744,Recommended,506610,27900258,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,fyre4real,yay custom night rocks
,Not Recommended,506610,25929798,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Kingjaffad,"I've always been a fan of the Five night's seriesI loved the dread of Number 1.I loved the extra challenges of Number 2.I really enjoyed the Third game's story and I was surprised by Number 4's new setting.When I first heard that there was going to be a spinoff of the FnaF series, I was skeptical but after anyalising teasers and watching the trailer I was super excited.This game started out so wonderfully, it  really seemed unique to the other games with you moving from area to area to perform your duties.The first couple of nights seemd very promising but unfortunately this is where it starts to go down hill...This game has one of the most insane difficulty curves I have ever seen, the first night acting as a world building section, second night is unclear with one of it's threats which resulted in a few frustrating deaths.The Third night is a bit more difficult with more confusing deaths until I have figured out what I needed to do...and then there is night 4....This is where the difficult get's ramped up to 11, I won't go into too much detail as it would spoil some of the story but the  night is mainly luckbased with far too many threats to deal with at once.If the gods are in your favour then you will make it to Night 5 which thankfully is a bit more forgiving but still a tad frustrating.It seems to me that Scott Cawthon, the creator of the  Five nights at Freddy's games seems to think difficulty equals horror and thus making a game harder will make it scarier, this is simply not the case.Every game needs SOME kind of challenge, horror especially because without Challenge there is nothing to be afraid of, but when the game becomes more of a chore to play then it stops being scary.It pains me so much to give this game a Negative reccomandation as this game asthetically looks fantastic and there were plenty of interesting and scary moments, but it falls on it's delivery when you have to replay the same segment over and over again because you got a cheap death."
,Recommended,506610,25909361,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The French Boomboxer,Dats pretty gud
76561198263567302,Not Recommended,506610,26185022,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,JHall5801,"Scott, I have to say, you truly created a wonderful experience. FNaF SL is filled with great voice acting, horryfing moments, and yes, lots of jumpscares. The story is the best we have ever seen from a FNaF game in the past, and it is possibly the scariest as well. This game has so many great things going for it, but there is one thing that is hindering me from giving it the thumbs up. On night 5 the player is required to enter a code on a keypad with about a second long reaction time between numbers. This is very frustrating as this part can get laggy on lower end computers. It took me many long hours but I finally did it before getting the regular ending. After realizing that I had to do this again for the good ending I got a little flustered but before long I was able to do it again. I soon realized that the challenge that awaited me in the private room would take me several tries, and in order to get another attempt I would have to do the keypad again as there is no checkpoint. I have poured hours into this game trying to get the good ending, but the keypad is keeping me from getting a good chance in the private room. I really want to like this game, and I very badly want to beat it, but the keypad on night 5 is truly a poor design choice. Scott, I understand that night 5 is short as it is, but please ease the difficulty and allow a few more seconds. I really want to recomend this game, but I can not until you FIX THE KEYPAD ON NIGHT 5. Thanks for your time.EDIT: I undertand that me having a slower computer is not Scott's fault, but maybe he could at least add a checkpoint for the private room so you don't have do the keypad again and again after losing."
,Not Recommended,506610,26345337,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,supimdaniel undercover cop,"Unless you're a fan of the series, this isn't the Fnaf to get.Although a nice little story, and changed the formula but kept the essence of Fnaf, I can't recommend this to anyone unless they've played the others."
76561198207892699,Recommended,506610,25908891,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ScarletGamerArtist,"Scott, everything about this game is amazing. You have outdone yourself once again! :3This may be one of your best FNaF games yet. It has a great lore going on so far, and there are some more humorous parts to it as well. I love the gameplay. Right now I am on night five and it is so fun! :D"
,Not Recommended,506610,25910981,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Spiked-Gin,"Great game but apparently I got a bug and can´t move from under the desk in part 2, so guess that needs a fix ?"
,Not Recommended,506610,26373552,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,CommonCold,"Got to night 3 and didn't die, just got extremely bored at the lack of really anything interesting going on.It's only good if you really like jumpscares, which don't really make the game for me."
,Not Recommended,506610,25912864,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Courage,waited half an hour in bucket for babyno baby
76561198300205993,Recommended,506610,28130713,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MoonstoneRedd,10/10everythings different now
,Not Recommended,506610,25929572,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ScottishGeek Plays,"I play a lot of horror games and I suppose I have become a little jaded in terms of what I look for, but what I want is some tension, some build up to fear and perhaps even some semblance of a horror like atmosphere.Now while I understand the appeal of the FNAF franchise having been one of the first to upload the original to YouTube back when it first started and loving the game, as the series has progressed I have become increasingly used to the mechanics.This one was differant and initially I was excited until I encountered the on the rails essence of the game. Yes I get that it is FNAF and yes I know I'll likely get a lot of hate for this, but there was no tension, no sense of fear and a startling jumpscare here or there just doesn't cut it for me any more.I can't recommend this but that is only my opinion. I urge you to make up your own minds because if we all liked the same things it would be a boring world indeed,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6nsIUhe478"
76561198315386304,Recommended,506610,31089689,Posted: 11 April,all,bj102105,scott it's good and all but you really need to make a save button
76561198283704381,Recommended,506610,26275211,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Noahvader24,(This is what I sound like when playing)Oh oh ooooh oh oh oOOOOOOH NO! NONONONONONONONOOOOO! AAAAaaAAAH! Heh heehHEEEEEEEEOOOAAAH!NO NO NO NEVER NEVER *grruuuudge* I really regret this nooow! AAAAAaaaAAAAAAAAH! NONONOOOOOooooooo.... *dies from s*****ng in pants*
76561198090650979,Not Recommended,506610,25960290,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,LvL 10 Charmander,I love this game to death even the 4th night.... However it felt too short without any challenge or any REAL jumpscares. I would suggest this for a quick fun horror game however if you want to invest many hours in a game I would stick with the 1st or 2nd game by that point you might as well just buy LIMBO or something though. So overall it's a good game but it's too short and it doesn't have enough of a horror feeling and I felt he made it way to easy for a fnaf game I would rate this 5/10(EDIT) The voice acting was amazing if there's a fnaf 6 with voice acting like this and it lasted longer I would totally play it for hours on end.
76561198212520213,Recommended,506610,28151624,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,burthurt12,loved this game best one yet scott
76561198216751649,Recommended,506610,34355085,Posted: 19 August,all,little mac,can someone tell me how to go left i point my pointer to the left and it dosnt work please help ;-;
,Recommended,506610,28294857,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,PLU | Dr.Flame A-Watt,"Like this new game's style and game play over all ,I think its good"
76561198039975478,Recommended,506610,28414685,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,DELTA,SO GOOD!!!!
,Recommended,506610,31534769,Posted: 3 May,all,R][nkU,Meow!I think have learn da english!Game fun!Funtime freddy is hillarious when in da secret rum.Fun the again!Custom mouse!More people!Exotic Butters!Exotic But hurts!(so meowing hard!!!!)
76561198136310945,Not Recommended,506610,25948252,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,PkHaxz,"This game is a huge disappointment. Unfortunately is rehashes prior mechanics from the other fnaf games. The puzzles are boring and the game is way too short. The story however is amazing in that it links the other games and scatters cryptic hints throughout. The ending is pretty exciting and unexpected, however you can experience all of this by watching a let's play. There is no real reason to revisit this game due to the fact that it is a linear and narrative experience, there are some secrets though. This game just did not satisfy me nor did it scare me, I strongly recommend you to watch a let's play instead of spending money on this short and frustrating game. I mean when you fail at a puzzle you have to sit through the same dialogue over and over. If you enjoyed this game good for you it’s just not my cup of tea and I don’t want to spread hate for this game. Just take caution when purchasing this title, you may enjoy it.2/10"
,Recommended,506610,28300012,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,backstab101,scary as hell
76561198143325898,Recommended,506610,31004712,Posted: 7 April,all,DEADPOOL,Scott...I LOVE FNAF!!! I must know! Will there be a Five nights a Freddy's 5? I hope so! This is a cool game!
,Recommended,506610,26194567,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Havri Horse,♥♥♥♥ you Ennard
,Recommended,506610,25961430,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SupGamer NL,"This is a very good game with ofcourse jumpscares and horror!I recommend this game for all FNAF Fans out there to play, also this game has also great animations.- SupGamer NL!(My ""Dutch"" youtube channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqAzaZFphXGcNmVWBRKvy1Q)"
76561198241446166,Recommended,506610,25934913,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Danker Games,I like it thank you for making the games for us.
,Not Recommended,506610,34320330,Posted: 17 August,all,FieryChaosJoe,Game is meh
76561198262786466,Recommended,506610,26144555,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Papa Jake,this... THIS IS THE BEST GAME AND FNAF GAME EVER GET IT FNAF CHANGED INTO THE BEST TING EVER
,Recommended,506610,28195758,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Apxks-,"1303985938539,4959395/10scott is my senpai <3"
76561198338261333,Recommended,506610,28184247,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,khorofan,in this game it easy to night 1 through night 3 for me because the minirennas are hard but not too hard now i know you did a update about makeing night 4 easy but i just think it like a meduim hard like thing . so plz can you do something about it or just leave and i will just try to beat it my self and carry on with the game so plz whats your decision.by the way game is totally awsome and it was worth $ 7.99 so for the people wanting to buy this game BUY IT!
76561198047586352,Recommended,506610,34276528,Posted: 16 August,all,potatolord72,kinda startleing also we fnafarians like the series because of story so ♥♥♥♥ you fnaf haters
,Recommended,506610,28472377,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Conmac666,Exotic Butters Simulator 2016
,Recommended,506610,25921936,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Dany,"Best fnaf i ever play, its so differte to the others"
76561198169417595,Recommended,506610,25923695,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DWfrenzy39,the game has a good level of the unknown and a good level of scares and easter eggs
76561198298865136,Recommended,506610,25921693,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,GegTheToaster,tis is  a good game
,Recommended,506610,25923770,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Xx_xx_Xx,Amazing!
76561198212971504,Recommended,506610,25928725,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,AnimalFreak969,"( SLIGHT SPOILERS)Great game, adore it so far.. However, on night two when hiding under the desk it often doesn't go any further than them trying to pull the metal away the second time, and I've waited for ten minutes at least several times. I've had to try and restart the game whenever  I quit while in night 2, as it won't let me go any further than when they try to pull apart the hiding spot under the desk the second time. Anyone else having this problem?"
,Recommended,506610,28089308,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Springnard,this game reveals much of the story. it reveals that william afton was innocent and all of that also.............................................................................................................................................................Exotic butters
76561198240576296,Recommended,506610,32794313,Posted: 25 June,all,cinema frenchfry,this game is mind-blowing with all the characters and what happens some people say the fourth is scary im scared while playing any fnaf game
,Recommended,506610,25959436,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,chillchump,I'm wathcing the presidential debate right now and dis is a good game. Almost as good as dark souls 4/ Sonic 3 and Knuckles♥♥♥♥♥
76561198316829467,Recommended,506610,26235730,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Derpy Dinosaur,PLAY THIS GAME!!!! or else
,Recommended,506610,25927314,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Warm(ish),"Okay, here goes what I've gathered so far.1. This game is VERY different from the other FnaF, perhaps for the better. The others where so focused on story that I felt gameplay got dropped, (Cough, 3 and 4.) This game is actually fun, story driven, with really good acting and a nice dose of humor.Edit: Now that I've played the game back to back, I want to take the time reflect on what set this apart from the other Fnaf. I also removed my point 2 post, so this doesn't take forever to read.Story 8/10. Very, very interesting. If you can overlook the few kinks in the story, you'll find a level of lore that reached the depth of all other Fnaf games combined in just one game. Certain moments had me yelling at the screen (Which I've never done before :) ) At the risk of spoilers, I'll say this- the story is definitely introspective, but not confusing enough that you can't have fun.Gameplay 8/10. No spoilers here, but each night has you doing a different task that taps into your primal fears. Like walking in a dark room with no light, knowing the thing that goes bump is out to get you. Engaging, enjoyable, except for the letdown night 4.Overall- Not a masterpiece, but an all around great game. Here's a final thought. If you posses an HDMI cord, use it to plug your PC into your TV. That way, you can play on full screen with better sound and invite some friends over for a scare fest. But only if you want them to see you scream like a girl."
76561198336383036,Recommended,506610,31385051,Posted: 26 April,all,winzenread1999,tdm
,Recommended,506610,25920863,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Speedwerd,"New location = new gameplay.Instead of being stationary or running between 3 points for several nights, Scott lets you sort of explore in SL.You'll be traveling to and from a variety of rooms to complete minigames to progress the story; each being almost different from the previous (some minigames repeat).With some difficult nights, extra content and an ending to unlock, this will probably clock you in around 6 to 7 hours.Worth buying if you wanna play a FNAF game with revamped gameplay. Or if you want some exotic butter ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198307448557,Recommended,506610,28577347,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,baileylehman2001,I never played a game that scared me so much. Still a awesome game by the spooky Scott Cawthon. This game is awesome!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,28697235,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The BoltFactory,"The atmosphere is incredible, the sound design is top notch, the game looks very nice, and it is very tense. My only complaint is that when you die you have to play back through a little bit of the level to get back where you left off. Other than that I think it's a fantastic game, and i highly recommend Five Nights at Freddy's : Sister Location."
,Recommended,506610,31591632,Posted: 6 May,all,SuperMarioRed,The best official Five Nights At Freddy's game yet!
,Recommended,506610,28230889,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,grif52,this is the best FIVE NIGHTS AT FRIDDYS gsme i have ever played and i can now dicover mor of the secrets scot has given us and i really like the the sound and the voices and how you move arround in game thanks Scot
76561198385186463,Recommended,506610,31513889,Posted: 2 May,all,mpjvr,This game is so fun. in baloras room you sometimes dont here her music and you get jumpscared but 5 stars
,Recommended,506610,25939320,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,BlaZ,Went to work.Fiddled with a disfunctional keypad.Crawled through some vents.Crawled through Ballora's place.Rebooted the system.Crawled the other direction through Ballora's place.Got home.Watched a weird show with some popcorn.Booted up FNaF: Sister Location.8/10
76561198206452860,Recommended,506610,26088711,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,[TBW] Cyber,"Scary, cool. This game is like Portal but idc this game is really good you can now move and stuff so THUMBS UP!"
76561198182853030,Recommended,506610,26665547,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Fuzzy,"Can't get past bonnie hand puppet. I searched it, and learned you have to move your flashlight slowly for him to rise, but it's not working. Still a good game though."
76561198322026992,Recommended,506610,26684995,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Cancer,"hey, this is a great game! share it with everyone you know!i really dont have anything else to say...its GREAT!...."
,Recommended,506610,26712677,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,A Somewhat Disgusted Aardvark,"Cool, it is scary and keeps giving me nightmares :)"
,Recommended,506610,25936926,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,-----,"I have been playing Five Nights at Freddy's sister location for 30mins now and it's been great then the previous ones , gameplay is interesting compared to the other 4 . Scott ,Thx for the game .10/10"
,Recommended,506610,28296509,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Jonah98,Best Five Nights at Freddy's since the original! 9.5/10
,Recommended,506610,26343805,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,buhbles,"This game, is TERRIFYING.I've only played to night 2, But already, my BPM raised by like 100,000,000,000 pulsesNOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART"
76561198260893549,Recommended,506610,25908292,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,calamarley1029,This game is amazing! It was totally worth the wait! I think the voices for the characters are perfect!! <3
,Recommended,506610,25909888,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Terror™,"excellent. it's different from what you would normally expect, but in a good way"
76561198335874296,Recommended,506610,26439463,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,takacsatty,make Five nights at freddys 6:under water
,Recommended,506610,25937584,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Green Eggs and Hambrown,"I enjoyed this game a lot. If did enough to make it different from the other fnafs, but it still had that cramped nervous feel like the other games. While some parts are diffucult, sometimes to where it feels like if you died its unfair, but it was still a very fun, inovative, and different game."
76561198324011742,Recommended,506610,26005279,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ludwigvon1234,This game is very fun!
76561198301254825,Recommended,506610,26568012,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,the austrailan gamer (mvmer),"HOLY DANG DONG DOO DOO HEADS!!!!!!!! The game is so awesome, that i nothing to say, exepct... AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSO-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-OMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE GAME!!!!!!!!! 5 star, 10/10, i will kill haters, I love this game!"
76561198353662661,Recommended,506610,28964883,Posted: 2 January,all,hdupstep,any tips for night 4 im stuck
,Recommended,506610,26077527,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,TY WOP0 WOP0,"I removed my last review because of the hate it got. But, I have better feelings for this game now. You can tell that Scott didn't want to make another fnaf game. So, he made something new. But, that's the one thing about this. It's not really fnaf... Yes, it might have Freddy and Foxy in it but, that doesn't MAKE it fnaf. But, it doesn't really bother me. I think the concept of the game is nice. Each night is different. Which is awesome because, I always felt like in fnaf 2 and 3 it was just the same thing over and over again. Also, there's one thing I LOVED about the game. The voice acting. That is new for Scott. Unless you count FNaF World. But still, you don't nomarlly see voice acting in games like these. And the models, you can just take a slight glance at the models and see the details. The story is good to. The game ISN'T connected to the fnaf story line like, at ALL. And to me, this a good thing. But, there's also one more thing about the game... I don't truely find it ""scary"". Almost every bad review says that and to me, this doesn't ruin the game. Not one bit. Not EVEN close. The game is still fun. So, out of everything. The new characters, ideas, etc it makes this game one of my favorite 2D horror games. Yes, 2D. This game is NOT 3D. It's 3D models EXPORTED into images. Anyways, I love Sister Location and I can't wait to see other games Scott has for us. 9.3/10"
,Recommended,506610,29039642,Posted: 5 January,all,why always me?,Vhjhf
,Recommended,506610,25924396,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Rex,Best FNAF ever. Buy it. Dont even think about the price.
,Recommended,506610,26077168,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,richard051306,BEST FNAF EVER!
,Recommended,506610,25971918,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,IWantTaDie,"This game gave me diabetes, a girlfriend, and caused me to buy a new pair of pants. All in all, this game is terrorism against the United States of Africa. God bless it."
76561198113958443,Recommended,506610,26180804,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Freezacan,I have not completed the game yet and im only at night 3 but so far it has been amazing and there are spoilers ahead so im gonna put them a lot of lines downSo you dont care about spoilers or have got past night 2 good well the night 2 bit was hard the last time i played on another account (thats the one i asked for a pause menu on) and well funtime freddy is annoying but here's a strategy go in start restarting a system after about 2 seconds come out and press space and repeat it worked for me it should work for you
76561198125149297,Recommended,506610,25928534,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,E.,this game is great addition but its really buggy i cnt get past night two after i close the grate a second time
76561198176030191,Recommended,506610,26467352,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,iruddock82,10/10This game is amazing i have always loved fnaf and this game gave the series the facelift it need so badly.
,Recommended,506610,25918175,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MedicalMint,>Opened Game>Listened to introduction dialogue>Saw title screen>Realized how good of a laxative the game was10/10 Would laxative again
,Recommended,506610,25917255,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,BanticRaider,I love it. The victory music is catchy 10/10
76561198298066205,Recommended,506610,31268247,Posted: 20 April,all,luigifan518,I got stuck on the 4th night... HELP☹️
,Recommended,506610,33986972,Posted: 3 August,all,Janusz,The best game in the world.
76561198285943756,Recommended,506610,26280266,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,gabe.diner,Scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me
,Recommended,506610,25974045,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,hamster5454,One of the best fnaf I ever play!!!! I love how instead of sitting in office you have to move around and the voice is so AWESOMEE. I am really looking forwards to new games coming out in future
76561198321040049,Recommended,506610,25974105,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,jasajaca,This game is awesome and scary great job scott
76561198170140127,Recommended,506610,26589282,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ItsGDPumaKat,"Nearly had 2 heart attacks, worth it!100/10"
76561198253748078,Recommended,506610,34130720,Posted: 9 August,all,beanchicken23,Cool 100000000000000000000/10
76561198081410586,Recommended,506610,25941555,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Person4772|Trade.tf,Very difficult but fun game with deep lore 10/10
,Recommended,506610,26470102,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,brycetheplayer1,THIS IS THE BEST FNAF GAME EVER SCOTT GOOD JOB :)
,Recommended,506610,26055385,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,MICROSOFT,This game is gud
,Recommended,506610,26055376,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,RoxBob,"This FNaF game is just so unique, the voice acting is perfect, the gameplay is smooth and fun to play through. I have been with this series ever since the 1st week of the first game and hope to see loads more FNaF games!"
76561198262123014,Recommended,506610,34228988,Posted: 13 August,all,CHATTERBOX7,Get it and you wont regret it
,Recommended,506610,34256813,Posted: 15 August,all,🌟🔥ShadowBonnie🌟🔥,OMG i like this game soooooo muchSister Location is my favorite game of them alllButt its soooo scary :)and thats what i like about gamesi think that this game is the best fnaf game in the world
76561198247780966,Recommended,506610,25914685,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,spiketoystoryfan95,this has to be the best game in the fnaf francise this would be my top fnaf game in my opinon. i think scott did an amazing job on this.
,Recommended,506610,25956096,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Spooky,"Sister Location is a LOT different than all of the FNaF games, (in a good way), And I do not know someone who does not like it. Even some people who hated the game before LOVE this one. Instead of a boring game taking place in one office. Theres multiple rooms, Walking, Tasks, And excitement. Not to mention the tons of voice acting put into this game. This game is my favourite of all time. That said, BUY IT NOW. #notsponsered"
76561198380883418,Recommended,506610,31422418,Posted: 28 April,all,LpisBe,Cant get through night 4! Help
76561198081122183,Recommended,506610,26424426,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DEWENAE [LegoLOVER152],"I love this game, for some reason the patch for night 4 never downloaded, yet i was still able to survive night 4, really hard, yet fun. I also bought The Silver Eyes, great book. havent finished it though, only on chater 2, already great. Sister Location, 9.99999999999999999999999999999999999/10. why .00000000000000000000000000000000001 point left, still waiting for custom night, not trying to rush you Scott, your an awesome man, take your time, looking forward to custom night."
,Recommended,506610,28196619,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,IT'S JOHN CENA,Loved it best game in the series so far
76561198307975116,Recommended,506610,28131528,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Porpoise87,very spoopymuch animated electronicsmany fnafmuch doge meme
76561198326508118,Recommended,506610,28149862,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,[BoiyoSquad] Skrubbo,"What I seriously have a problem with is how you have to get both endings in order to get the custom night. It just takes forever, and it makes the game WAY less enjoyable. I worked real hard to finish the 1st ending and now I know it was for no reason. Otherwise, great game, I would reccomend."
76561198261712915,Recommended,506610,28186021,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,crazytimber912,"i like how instead of a sit and survive kind of game ""note i still love those games"" its a move around story telling game. and people say ""the game is bad cause its diffrent"" i say change is good"
76561197994853884,Recommended,506610,28205780,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Struggler,"Recently recieved a massive update of free content, the developer is active and the games story is captivating.highly reccomended"
11223344556667788,Recommended,506610,28213492,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Hedge,"This Game was Very Unique to the Five Nights at Freddy's Series, It had these somewhat friendly robots turned into complete HELL. There were parts of suspense and butt-clenching moments were your life is on the line. You're not just staying in one room the whole game..... You actually go around the Building to "" Perform your duties"" and if someone who hasnt seen the game or hasnt played it compares it to this, tell them to look into it before they "" Judge the book by its cover"" . If I could Rate this game from 1 (horrible) to 20 (awesome) I would rate it 19 just because of night 4.... play the game and you'll see why. Great Job Scott, Keep up the great work ;)"
,Recommended,506610,28176542,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Setsuna,"I have been with this franchise since the very beginning and own all of the games (except the 4th just never bought it) and I have to say that this was one of my favorites.I have seen many playthroughs of this game and even played it myself and it gave me all that I hoped for. I love that in this game we get to look past our normal Fazbear  friends and see some new faces as well as hear about more characters. This game is easier to play, but gives you a different experience. Unlike the other games you don't just sit in a room and look at cameras until 6 AM or check doors and lights. In this game you get a better ""free-roam"" experience, but you aren't granted full access as you are told what you have to do in advance.Another thing about the gameplay is that it locks together more aspects than the other games. This game focuses more on the follow the leader, listening, and patience aspects in each ""minigame"".Now the story aspect of the game was also very good and gave theorists what they were looking for in this lore based game. I just wish we got more answers, but I feel like Scott loves to leave us with something to think about.SPOILER AHEAD!I also loved that you were given a ending that you couldn't settle with that made you want to play more. I loved that you had to play a mini game and gather enough information to find a secret room and play the FNAF game we all love to play.Now on the customizable nights I did love that we got a whole set of new characters and challenges, but I didn't like the fact that you can't actually ""customize"" them to your liking.Overall, this game was a great addition to the franchise and I hope anyone who loves FNAF plays it."
76561198208772725,Recommended,506610,28194002,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,fearedbanshee,the third game mentions sister location in night 5
76561198174144245,Recommended,506610,28140720,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Fire Dragon,This Is A Great Game! It Is Alot Diffrent For The FNAF Series And If You Dont Like The New Style You Have Custom Night That Changes The WHOLE Thing!
76561198304932775,Recommended,506610,28156262,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,barnabydm,"Great, but there's a bug in the Custom Night. Sometimes when you pull up the camera, the monitor is black and you can't get out unless you close the game or the night ends. You still progress through the night and are able to close doors though."
76561198259157940,Recommended,506610,28120028,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,AM,love it best game
76561198197564095,Recommended,506610,28131713,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Trainiacs101,this game is really good i mean it was ok and i liked the bon-bon part it was hard but still fun overall this game is Awesome!  of and one more thing i LOVE Custom night Anyways this game is really good and cia!
,Recommended,506610,28160187,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Chicken Musket,can the custom night be like fnaf 2 still keep everything that is ther now but be abel to change them one be one
,Recommended,506610,28172332,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,friskymemes,"The game is a little different from the other Five Nights at Freddy's games but it's still a great game like the rest of them.  The game has a great story line to it and great voice acting.  On the down side night 4 is still the hardest night in my opinion, because of the spring locks.  The endings are also great and the custom night update is even better in my opinion.  The mechanics of the custom night animatronics are very complex and add a nice difference from the other games.  Funtime Freddy's attack is nice with the Bonnie puppet attack and is the easiest physical attack against you.  Bidibab is hard to deal with when you also have Funtime Foxy to deal with as well. The custom night update was a must for this game.  As for another game Scott created, he should add the Sister Location characters in FNAF World For update 3 If he ever plans to make another update for FNAF World, which I hope he does plan on it.  In conclusion,  Five Night's at Freddy's is one of the best games Scott has made and should be known as Scott's most worked on video game."
76561198217428365,Recommended,506610,28187189,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Awesomesauce1033,THIS IS THE BEST FNAF GAME!! If you are a fnaf fan you simply MUST play this. Its also great for people just looking to get scared. The 10/20 mode is very challenging this time. If you have neveer played a fnaf game then this is a good starting game.
76561198299853968,Recommended,506610,28227143,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,podcrayon,scary
76561198118288245,Recommended,506610,28242841,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr_Hultenstein,Its a good game but Night 4 is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!!! Night 4 is harder then the 5th Night
76561198349537131,Recommended,506610,28262129,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,shanrose75,scout uptate five nights at freddys with a christmas update okay do that now
,Recommended,506610,25912341,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ZomBash,"WOW! Totally worth the wait! I only made it through a few nights, and I can already tell that it's awesome. Great job! ^^"
76561198262183356,Recommended,506610,25921518,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Piotr Stępkowski,"Hi, the game hates me!!! on night two I don't hear ballora talking and i have to start over. It happened 5 times now. please fix"
76561198113382316,Recommended,506610,25926131,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,GamingDevastator101,Awesome and unique! Can't wait to see the future of this game!!!!
,Recommended,506610,25913038,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,JakaDaGama,"I love the game, super fun, big difference compared to the past games, it isn't repetitive and I was having fun... Until night 4, it is so f***ing hard. this is probably going to be the one FNAF game I dont complete, and it saddens me, I really wanted to, yet the difficulty spike is so insane."
,Recommended,506610,25931853,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,A Sleeping Wolf,It is an amazing game :)
,Recommended,506610,26058462,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,FAZE MLG RETREAD,Cancer
76561198110956566,Recommended,506610,26083914,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,NEIN BUT NO,Still at night 2
,Recommended,506610,26054567,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,creepergreebs,"Let me just start off by saying: I LOVE Fnaf. My bio even says so. And sister location has fueled that even more. The game was great! It was scary, The story was amazing, and the effort put into the models and rooms REALLY shows!  The voice actors sounded like they were very intrested in what they were doing, Because that voice acting was GREAT! I really hope you make another FNAF game! the only problem i have with the game is that night 4 is nearly impossible, but i still give this FNAF game 1000000000000000000000000000/10"
76561198031152346,Recommended,506610,25991797,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Kurteth,Still confused af.More questions.Scott why.87 out of 83.
76561198318890151,Recommended,506610,34313236,Posted: 17 August,all,F0XY,omg good game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,26069181,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,CoolKirby,This is my favorite fnaf game and the voice acting is great.
76561198330849183,Recommended,506610,35117096,Posted: 21 September,all,TheSuperEpicGamer,By Far The Best Fnaf Game It May Not be as Scary but It is Far Diffrant than the Others And I LOVE IT!
76561198226390464,Recommended,506610,35023317,Posted: 17 September,all,teeniemax2000,Lov it
76561198177045549,Recommended,506610,25929064,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Easy Fuly,"Really awesome game! A little hard, but still cool! One piece of advice: This game is not what it seems."
76561198299403848,Recommended,506610,35408729,Posted: 2 October,all,isaacatchinson,This is a awsome game scott you are a genius still looking for the code for the elevator
,Recommended,506610,26155981,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Holy Howler,"Every FNAF game has it's flaws. And even though this one had an imposible to beat Night 4, for the most part, it was enjoyable.And though it wasn't as scary as the forth instalment of the series, it had an environment that was a whole lot creepier then it's followup. I don't know what it was about it that scared me. Maybe it was the clown theme that made the location seem vile.It also brings a whole new sence of focus to the series; It requires you to be patient with your time and alows the player to experience a new sence of dread that keeps the player from being to impatient.It did have a few flaws though: Night three was a little difficult to complete due to the button pressing, and the forth night made it to hard to keep all the springlocks tight enough.Other then those minor set backs, it had a rich story that made the whole campain enjoyable. It didn't hurt that they had great voice actors as well as several endings to the game. and with the new Custom Night Update, I can't wait to see the what's next!So, overall. I'd give this game an 8.5: The cons being tedious Night 3, and it's impossible Night four, and the pros being it's rich story, all new feel and setting, pitch perfect voice acting, and multiple endings. plus it had a fun sound track.But one thing I'd like to point out, I think enard is the purple guy and not William Afton himself. That's why he survived the springlock suit and that you see metal on the edges of his mouth around the rotting skin."
,Recommended,506610,26402085,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Yvelrain,"The quality on the Animatronics were nice and abit spookier than what the last games seems to be and the atmosphere of the game seems to put in the tense there. But one thing that i didnt like was that this game seemed to be way to easy than what the last ones were, this one seems to be only checking on animatrionics and later tricked by one. I love the lore of the game but the endings seemed to be a bit confusing. Is Baby actually the purple guy? Considering she is the only one there that seemed to be possesed. And what are the purpose of the animatronics in this game? Considering we have gotten a few new ones here besides the funtime versions of Freddy and Foxy. The story to this game is confusing, like which part of the Fnaf timeline does Sister Location take place at? But all and all this game has some nice quality to its graphics, and its nice to move about through the area. This game i do wish that it wasnt to easy to beat, it would been alot more fun if it wasnt that easy.  If you havent played it yet, i suggest for you to look up a game play first to make sure its worth the purchase or not."
76561198259326177,Recommended,506610,26393816,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,JohnLove11,This game is the best five nights at freddys  game that i ever played its unlike other five nights at freddys games this game allows you to move sometimes. And this game has a good story line and the game is verry interesting I strongly reccomend this game.
76561198128177851,Recommended,506610,26593340,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Boy_in_a_box,gg gg indeed
76561198341620990,Recommended,506610,26596227,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Hollyleaf12,THIS GAME WAS REVOLUTIONARY
76561198116374559,Recommended,506610,30661223,Posted: 21 March,all,Binky (I'm still here),You know what my favorite part of this game was?S***ing myself
,Recommended,506610,30758948,Posted: 26 March,all,MagicPigPerson,"Amazing FNaF game. New animatronics, new jumpscares, the hand puppet voice is high-key AMAZING, and I love the level of comedy added to it. I just have one problem:NO. MORE. FAN.Now, don't get me wrong; I'm not blind. I can see the huge fan in the middle of the control room. I mean, where is the desk fan? I miss it :(.R.I.P Desk fan 2014-2017.You will be mist, but never forgotten.*Ba-dum tiss*Apart from that, great game. 10/10 would get scooped again.EDIT: I know that the desk fan appears in the secret room. I'm doing this review for new players, not experts who already have the game on every computer/mobile device they own."
76561198243600700,Recommended,506610,25911614,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Drewthegamingmaster,tis so scary
,Recommended,506610,26394437,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,What have you done?!?!,"Yo. This game is really spoopy. It's scary to play at 11:30 at night on Halloween with the lights off. I give it a 9/10. The only reason that it is a nine, is because one time my friend was playing on his computer and his game crashed when he got to the second night. Apart from that, Scott has truly made a perfect game. -Tico"
,Recommended,506610,26409840,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,iDontCare,"This is a creative game (To you: Scott), this has many confusing theories but all of them in this game is quite great. Qith the amount of enviroments in the game, with all the new, (old) colorful, and shiny anamatronics, they have a frigtening surprise if you fail. I hope Scott creates more great series such as the Five-Nights-At-Freddy's series.10/10"
76561198256616033,Recommended,506610,25915948,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,AgentRed,This game is amazing. I love the story so far (Im on night 3) and the voice acting is awesome. Funtime Foxy is so hard to get passed! XD
76561198179216855,Recommended,506610,25924195,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,TrustyFireStick,This game is pretty fun! I recorded it on my channel and so far it's looking great! Night 2 scared me but I think there's a secret in the movies. You can watch my reactions here~https://youtu.be/Usuh4MmovE4
76561198171087158,Recommended,506610,26016097,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,j.bolinger,this is a great yet short game and it must have been hard to make. I reccomend this game to twitch users who want to record live or just for lets plays
76561198327343932,Recommended,506610,29880276,Posted: 12 February,all,ZaneTDM TDm,Hello neighbor is not out todayHgghgghuhhgy:(E linin and the right to be a good time to time to time to time to time to time to time to time to time to time to time we 4 to be a good time in
76561198192843617,Recommended,506610,26344526,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,GabeTheDoggo,im on night two and it is relly good
76561198200880722,Recommended,506610,26587028,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Komrad | Trade.tf | blw.tf |,"SO GOOD GAME, LOV DA NUW PLA STILE"
,Recommended,506610,26590420,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Awesome_Diamonds,"I really liked all of the other games, because they required skill and sometimes strategy. This game, however, is even funner because it has different objectives and strategies to use every night, and has MOVING ANIMATRONICS. MOVING. That really ups the creepy factor. I would reccomend this game to all gamers."
76561198285086672,Recommended,506610,26596421,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,the pie bo,it is so good sott youn did a great job
,Recommended,506610,26596879,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Vac'd and Deleted,"It's good game! I have understood many things about your story, Scott! And I'm waiting surprises from you in this year very much! And I want to ask about one: How did you invented it??"
,Recommended,506610,26020559,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Thanatos0,"Its hard, but I beat it in like 3 hours. Fun and scary, 9/10."
,Recommended,506610,28085201,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,iiii the ugly orange guy,its cool
,Recommended,506610,26674907,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Fyuq.,thats game sucks mlg .........
76561198335613437,Recommended,506610,29285121,Posted: 15 January,all,gl_mom15,Hi it 's me jaxson a fan of your series scout and I think your game was epic! But I want to ask u something are you going to make a new fnaf game and if u do can u make it on the nintendo switch and other consoles please?
76561198310686051,Recommended,506610,28747421,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,I'm A Chicken Boi,SO SCARY I PEED MY PANTS
,Recommended,506610,25948459,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Saitama,Its a great game and a change for once in a while so Scott if our reading this good work and youve nade us happy!(Also why is the game sooo hard?)
76561198271973534,Recommended,506610,25912071,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,KIDZ$LIFE862,Best one ever
,Recommended,506610,25912663,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Napple (Nick),"this game is differnethe got rid of the traditional ""survive till 6"" and gave you tasksits all scripted and the jumpscares are terrifying overall id give it 7.5/10 its not bad but not great"
76561198316810271,Recommended,506610,26571532,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Angry White Guy,I Love This And It Was Sarry And Fun Time Foxys Jump Was The Scaryest!
76561198342209910,Recommended,506610,28757323,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,jajagoulet,im so dying right now! im very scared of the game you did a good job makeing it. im on night 4 now and i swear it is going to be impossable for me to finish!
,Recommended,506610,26355233,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,T1Hero SFM,"Wow! This is the BESSSSSSST game ever!!!! Free Roams....The Funtime Animatronics....Exotic Butters.. who ya kiddin AMAZZZZZING!! :DDDD 999999,999999999,99999999/10"
76561198339983874,Recommended,506610,26306269,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,mandyoz3011,"I love this game so much. However, I can't seem to beat night four, even WITH the new patch... Any tips??? #STUCK"
,Recommended,506610,26564955,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,A Pybro for Hire,"I feel this game is very interesting, and scary. This game, along with the entire series, deserves much more support. I recommend it for people who are looking for a good scare and really good game mechanics."
,Recommended,506610,26566588,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,horrorkid185,"That part on night 5 keeps getting me, it will tell me the number, but before the number is even finished i keep getting jumpscared, but after all, its a good game"
76561198116745525,Recommended,506610,26567387,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Caleb_Thunderman,"Unlike the 1st  Five Nights at Freddy's game you're not just in one room. And not just a point click horror game, you'll need the W,A,S,D buttons too. I'm already loving it. I highly recommand this game. If you love FNAF games, you'll love sister loctaion. It's really creepy and scary, but that's the whole point of a horror game, and I love FNAF games. Good Job Scott Cawthon. This game is a 10/10 for me. Still currently reading the silver eyes tho."
76561198318372625,Recommended,506610,25916979,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,chito424,i LOVE this....this....THIS THIS IS THE MOST AMAZING GAME I EVER SEEN!!!!!!What if theres a way to save ballora and what if theres a springlock death!
76561198286806722,Recommended,506610,25973475,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Duperghoul,They cganged the format for the fnaf series! It takes like 15 minutes for ou to get to the scary parts.  Heather Masters does a great job voicing the main animatronic.Each night has you do something different. Stay calm and don't follow instructions. The fllowing gameplay is how dull the first few minutes is before it gets better.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZhXasl6OYI
,Recommended,506610,25975176,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,DeVonF3,Night 4 is really hard I am still having trouble with it... I still love this game though :D
76561198178271994,Recommended,506610,26017637,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Daenerys Targaryen,It's great
76561198212601809,Recommended,506610,26335700,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,SQUIDWARD,holy mother of god. this game might be the scariest of the series. if you like scary games this game wus made just for you.good job scott on the game its very well done. evry peny of it is worth it.
76561198314006027,Recommended,506610,26482190,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,codeyellow627,OMG night 2 is hardim pulling on the thing but Bidybab is too strong
76561198272244167,Recommended,506610,26305033,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,QazDuck,9/11 rating
,Recommended,506610,26190235,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Caintheable,I thought this may not be able to run on my system but its surprisingly forgiving given the graphics. Come check out a lets play i started on this.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTRAdo5so_w
,Recommended,506610,26545689,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bot Bill,the best game
,Recommended,506610,26543734,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Outer Risen ︻デ┳═ー,It randomly occured in my library.Installed itIt was a perfectly Good Game#Night4wasABETCH
76561198217587771,Recommended,506610,26546945,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Snipey,BEST GAME EVR MADE SO SCARY AND AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,506610,26541398,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ｌｅｅｖｉ,Scary :O
76561198167302093,Recommended,506610,26542710,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Solana,it's lit fam
76561198326034137,Recommended,506610,26543109,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ktmae20,i love itits a good game
,Recommended,506610,26545648,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Flandre Scarlet,"Its Really Fun!!!! I love the Fnaf Franchise and I bought this confused, but then, magic happened, I became addicted. I love the whole idea of it! I noticed the map when your in the brealer room on night two, shows faded rooms that match the Five Nights at Freddy's 4 house.... Suggesting that we are going to work in an underground place under the house..... Freaky...."
76561198186311585,Recommended,506610,28324233,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,『 Buizerk  』,Great game but one thing...♥♥♥♥ NIGHT 4!!!!
76561198066397349,Recommended,506610,32742687,Posted: 24 June,all,ashby.crazy,good:)..u
76561198274964027,Recommended,506610,26037506,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,8BitGravity,this is a nice stick i like sticks
76561198275775511,Recommended,506610,30966240,Posted: 5 April,all,StoryFell Chara,This was to goodit was so fun butNight 4 is impossible and you can cheat to beat the whole game and go onto the custom night
76561198309859990,Recommended,506610,31023520,Posted: 8 April,all,Deathawakener,"scott i love this game, but at the point where you have to type in numbers that baby says into the keypad, it never works it says 9 i type in 9 and i die. please fix this."
,Recommended,506610,30864337,Posted: 31 March,all,bangy is gone,it sacares the crap out of you is that what you want spend your money on
76561198353737907,Recommended,506610,30997330,Posted: 7 April,all,Freya,Good game bad fandom
76561198375728232,Recommended,506610,30950677,Posted: 4 April,all,Steveman4002,"One of the best FNAF games I have ever played. Not everyone might agree with me, but I think Night 3 is too hard. I think that the Bonnie hand puppet (aka Bon Bon) is too sensitive to motion. I can barely move and Bon Bon will run away and eventually kill me. I also think that Bon Bon spends too much of the time hiding and needs to appear more during that part of the night. Other than that, I think this game is great and I would recommend it to anyone (who is not super sensitive to loud noises, jump-scares, and flashing lights)"
76561198105905639,Recommended,506610,27784715,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,slickstuff,best game yet keep up the good work scott
76561198131118750,Recommended,506610,25910480,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Efigr,Truly amazing.
76561198158290162,Recommended,506610,25916852,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ron_nelson3,This is a amazing game! 10/10 ign!
,Recommended,506610,25916745,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,2n00bs2,its a great game but i keep getting killed by funtime freddy but other than that probably one of the best games ive ever played keep up the good work scotty boy!
76561198304508380,Recommended,506610,25916800,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Xgamer,I make a video with this game in Youtube and this is the best video game i play  in the serire Five Night At Freddy's
,Recommended,506610,25916272,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Socc,Very SpOOpy
76561198140045944,Recommended,506610,25916243,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,rosey1235,super fun and scary night for is hard
76561198151555691,Recommended,506610,25916283,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,genothepuppet,Five nights at Freddy's meets Portal 2. Nice.
76561198312932319,Recommended,506610,25916251,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Ziggy Tv,This game is AMAZING i loved all the nights sept for night 4 it was VERY hard to beat but overall it was the best fnaf game to me
76561198063347703,Recommended,506610,25916289,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,dsc24dupont,"This game is a great game! What I love about it is that you have more movement than the first 4 games, you walk around, you can stand up against the animatronics instead of just purely hiding you can actually work your way around them and things of that nature so for sure this game gives a different feel that I love very much compared to the other games. This game feels like a breath of fresh air, it's much different than the other games in what it looks like and plays like, and that is a VERY good thing."
76561198022228713,Recommended,506610,25916259,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dr.0wn1ng,this game made me feel like a pint of ice-cream.I never want to have ice-cream ever agin.
,Recommended,506610,31383285,Posted: 26 April,all,CreepyDawn,"Very awesome game. If anyone reading this who doesent have this game ""TRY IT OUT ITS AWESOME and scary...."""
76561198065386813,Recommended,506610,31384722,Posted: 26 April,all,InsaneGamer5662,"i would give it a 1452/100! because of the fact we have new features in fnaf games such as:free roamingvoice actingOSTThe 6th night being a custom night.i hope these appear in FNAF 6. also, another title for sister location would be Five nights at freddys 5: sister location. but i have ALOT of questions to ask, such as:Where is phantom bonnie in the 3rd game and chica in SL?How did the phantom animatronics even exist?Will the real fredbear be in FNAF 6?When does FNAF 3 and FNAF SL take place?The game also thought me various things about fnaf such as:Springtrap survived the fire in fnaf 3, implying this game is in the future (because based on what i learned, fnaf games with odd numbers such 1 or 3 are sequels while even numbered-games such as 2 and 4 are prequels)"
76561198122672184,Recommended,506610,31287837,Posted: 21 April,all,Exotic Butters,"Honsetly, this should've been the original sequel to FNaF.  I don't even know where to start with this game. For the story, it's actually given to you, instead of it being in the form of secrets deep in the game. The story itslef is pretty easy to understand. But for a person that will first enter the game, nothing story related will make sense to them in this game. You pretty much need to be a fan already to understand what's going on. But for people that are already interested in the story, your mind will be destroyed! You could pretty much say a big chunck of the lore was solved in this game, which is a huge relief. The gameplay is way different than it was in the past four games (which again is a huge relief). Each ""Night"" in the game will have you doing something different, which will keep people's interest in the game consistant. But, sometimes the save points in the game can be tedious. For example, in ""Night 2"" when you face Funtime Freddy in the Breaker Room, if you die on that part of the ""Night"" you will have to go through Ballora Galllery agian which is tedious in itself cause of the constant stopping and going. Same with ""Night 3"", If you die in the Parts and Service Room when facing Bon-Bon, you'll have to go through Funtime Foxy in Funtime Auditorium all over again, which to takes a bit to understand. Don't even get me started on ""Night 4""! Look, I realise that parts of a game have to be hard, there would no challenge to the either way. But why do you have to make the fourth ""Night"" that f&^king hard? So, many had a problem with that ""Night"" in particular that they just stopped playing the game altogether. Which is extremely unfair to the people that don't have alot of patience to begin with or don't have alot of time to chill, relax, and play the game for an hour or two. I don't really have to mention ""Night"" 1 and 5, they're pretty easy and I have nothing to really pick about them. Except, there's and option on ""Night 5"" to not follow Baby's instructions and enter this ""Private Room"". To get actually get to this private room, you have to beat this ""Death Minigame"" that's pretty tedious and unfair at some points, I don't really need to explain it, it's pretty self explanitory. But after you beat that, you can enter the ""Private Room"". The ""Private Room"" is pretty much a homage to FNaF 1 in the way to controls with mechanics, of course it's tied into the story. It's a pretty hard area to beat, but you won't have too many problems with it hopefully, just look for a guide if you need help on it. Okay enought blabering about gameplay, let's talk about characters. Their are actually characters in the game this time, so that's a plus! They also have full-on voice acting, which was amazing btw! The character development worked for what the game was laid out as, no complaints here.Finally, let's talk about the ""Custom Night"". This addition to the game was a very good decision that Scott could've made. Making extra content for a game that was pretty good by itself, made the game even better in my opinion. The game mechanics work, theirs nothing too tedious with the obviously impossible challenges. All-in-all, pretty good extra content. Espeacially with the inclusion of little peices of lore after each ""Very Hard"" challenges. Do I recommend this game, yes. For people who are like me and are interested in the story or if you're looking for a good scare, I recommend this game all the way!"
76561198295705633,Recommended,506610,31384134,Posted: 26 April,all,Randall the Vandal,"Well scott I gotta say, ya created a masterpiece. Everything about this game is just bloody amazing, whether it comes to how the game looks to all the new and different mechanics, it is just amazing, simply amazing. I absolutley love the characters and voice acting for this game and how you can actually move around the establishment, that was a good thing to add for 100% sure. Unfortunately this game was a little short, but nothing custom night can't fix eh? Custom night was a little more like challenge night but either way I still really like custom night. And before I forget I gotta say man, those jumpscares are top notch, I jumped up and had to walk away alot after being jumpscared, and jumpscares never normally work that well on me. Ya know I'm perfectly fine with anything that you decide needs to come next, even if that something is absolutely nothing at all.My verdict would have to be 8.5/10.Well done Scott you deserve a nice pat on the back for what you've created my friend.Have a nice day mate"
,Recommended,506610,31329440,Posted: 23 April,all,SupaSonic555tm,"It's certainly much more different than the other FNaF games! I especially like how each night is different, and let's you experience the story! It also has a lot of charm and provides the back story that we were so desperate to see! Bravo, Mr. Cawthon! I hope to see more games like this!"
76561198211811668,Recommended,506610,25951297,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,toxxik.antelope,pretty dank bears
76561198191793789,Recommended,506610,25914662,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,NinjaSlasher4,well wow♥♥♥♥♥♥scott has really surprised us with this one not only has he intrudced us with the jumpscares and the smell of pizza he has also scared me this game is intense and is one of the most scariest games i have ever played in my entire ♥♥♥♥ing life i will recomend this game to any one well done scott for once again making me one happy man i will continue playing this game as it has a lot of puzzels with ♥♥♥♥ed up twists that scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you looking forward to the smell of♥♥♥♥♥♥in my room :)
,Recommended,506610,25940741,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Tofu,"FNAF: Sister location put me off at first because of the rather imense change in designs and game concepts; you no longer have to play through a fixed time, but now have to complete a set of objectives to be able to finish a night. Despite design and gameplay changes, Sister Location maintains and keeps the FNAF feel and atmosphere everyone has come to know and love, and I feel it is one of the best among the series.8/10"
76561198215328988,Recommended,506610,25940491,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,GamingMadness,"This game is so awesome, i love the jumpscares not as scary even know i dont get scared from them, anyways yet a masterpiece still mising a few clues but love the story!"
,Recommended,506610,25940654,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Anna Book,Best Game i ever play. It's not like another FNAF But it'S so funAnd i have only one thing to say BUY THIS GAME NOOOOOOOOOOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,25940507,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,AngelJuliet,"I haven't played much of this game yet, so I will update this review the more I play. With what I have played, this is by far in my opinion the best FNAF game made. Scott seemed to have really taken his time with this one. The music is awesome, The voice acting is amazing, and just the look and feel of the game is so good! Great job Scott! Amazing Game!!!"
,Recommended,506610,28736717,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Darth Plasma,"Scott did a great job with this game, i'm scared to death of it"
76561198148014958,Recommended,506610,25908519,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Supirorguy,"I Enjoyed My Hour Of Play Time And Streaming, The Voicing Is Amaizing And Mechanics Are Fun But Scott,How The Hell Do You Expect Someone To Defeat Biddybab? I Spent An Hour And Couldnt Even Get To Night 3 But Hey It Was Fun I Recomend It. And Can't Wait Untill Zombie Dose A Video"
,Recommended,506610,26037300,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,birderlands,wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooow
76561198291077650,Recommended,506610,26485169,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Grafy,Good Game :)
,Recommended,506610,26633995,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,RostoGames,"Great Game, Totally step in the right direction and not just the same game with new skin. Great Job!"
76561198334187716,Recommended,506610,26394784,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Becky,"I loved the format of being able to move, however the motions got repetitive. Only complaint I have is having to start the night over from the beginning instead of picking up at the stage of the night where you left off. The mini game was a lot of fun and wonderful that it played a major role in the game itself. I look forward to more from Scott Cawthon!"
76561198281129958,Recommended,506610,25916684,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Seras Victoria,Spring lock challenge is too ♥♥♥♥ING HARD! Tone down the challege for it. It sucks. I have already tried to beat it for over 4 hours.
,Recommended,506610,28628992,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,El_Faulks,I bought the game and after i finished night 2 the game updated itself and on night 3 the bonnie hand puppet isn't appearing what so ever i tried re-entering the game but it won't seem to work. The audio works but the game just isn't working when i try to do night 3 he even goes missing before i take freddy's chest power module.Help anyone?
76561198311003124,Recommended,506610,29912992,Posted: 13 February,all,Deerkiller56,"the Fnaf games have always been my favorite games. it still is. this game is no other game like this. Sister location is a scary game and im pretty much afraid to play it alone. it also, like no other FNAF game, has funny moments.... exotic butters...10/10"
76561198099301668,Recommended,506610,26571982,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,skylordg,good go its kind of like a puzzle game
76561198293376568,Recommended,506610,29302596,Posted: 16 January,all,connorlear02,this is the scariest game in history
76561198000204270,Recommended,506610,25935317,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Marc Newman,First game of the series I Played (Lived Viacriously through Markiplier and Mat Pat) and Man Does it Get you... Scary as it can get and yet still fun. Haven't beaten it yet but my first impressions are very positive. Pick it up and be prepared for Jumpscares.
76561198272609382,Recommended,506610,25935785,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Shadow GD,This game is great its very hard and gives you a challengei like this and funtime freddy and ennard are my favriotswrite your favriot anmitronics in the comments
76561198043832112,Recommended,506610,25935783,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DoKuNu,"A really good innovation in the Fnaf series, the tension and the psycholigical pression is here, and it's really, really scary."
76561198140332241,Recommended,506610,26060726,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Its-Suscipio,"Overall best game in the series (so far). I personally loved playing the game, however the game did have its ups and downs along with it.Pros:-Voice acting, beautifully done.-The almost different challenges to get past each night-Besides the secret ending, the original game's mechanics of checking the cameras were gone-The attention to detail put into this game, atmosphere, design, and mechanics are spot fun to enjoy playing and doesn't have the repetitiveness from the last 4 gamesCons:-The linear story; lack of information towards the lore itself was a let down (we have everything there for us, kind of a disappointment for us theorists)-""Night 4"" was definitely a boost of difficulty from the previous nights to complete. After the update it was so much easier to complete, which was needed, but shouldn't have been an issue in the first place.-Depending on how fast you completed the game and how much you've done in it, this game felt awfully short compared to the other previous games in the series.I rate this game 9/10"
76561198253448435,Recommended,506610,25908071,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mutation_Foxy,Good game scott! i like it! will we get update 3 for fnafworld?
76561198160511709,Recommended,506610,25908277,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,❤ Jupiterr ❤,"This is an excellent game Scott, good voice acting, good animations, good everything really. I like how you made it WAY harder than the other FNAF games."
76561198297962180,Recommended,506610,25908347,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,LizzieCerise,Scary but fun!
76561198141649251,Recommended,506610,25908962,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Juststuffinc,amazing
,Recommended,506610,25909132,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MegaRobotDinoBabe,At first look this appears to be another awesome fnaf game :)
76561198109529770,Recommended,506610,25909138,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,WeiXiong,Scary to the MAX !
76561198068168375,Recommended,506610,25909304,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Roflko-TryNCatchTheseHandsBoi,Great thrilling game to keep you on your toes!
,Recommended,506610,25909497,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,KJ PLAYS,"Yea the game is alright I like it but I dont really get the FNAF feeling like you do in FNAF 1,2,3,4 however I do like how this has been unfolded so thats why I perfer it a little bit more than FNAD 1,2,3,4 :)"
,Recommended,506610,25909648,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,TheLeftFieldRebel,"well it's taken me by surprize..... a lot more story based than the other titles, and creepy as ♥♥♥♥, scott you not did your self... matpat and 8-bit gaming are gonna have a field day with this.... cant wait for a markipier play though.... oh and ♥♥♥♥ freddy, he scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me in this game so far...... oh and we finally have a gender for funtime foxy :)... i'll let you find that one yourself"
76561198035730765,Recommended,506610,25909667,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,HalogenFIEND,"DEcided to try this out, the game is challenging from the start which to me is great news, I didn't expect FNAF 5 type gmaeplay as Scott himself even said this is a spin off.The jumpscared are there and they do tense you up!Great game never the less."
,Recommended,506610,25909727,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Jhopp,"Hell NawNaw naw to the hell naw. i said hell naw, n i g g a naw. get me out of this hell hole n i g g a hurry belora is coming for me."
,Recommended,506610,25909810,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,7.7.7redman,Best desk simulator I've ever played. Volvo pls fix!!! c:
76561198240712332,Recommended,506610,25909865,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DA CUPCAKE,"This game is amazing! I was surprised to find a perfect balance of horror and. COMEDY!? It kind of reminds me of portal 2 with its humor. I don't see why Scott thought this was too dark, its good!"
,Recommended,506610,25909937,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,O' Chunks,"Amazing animation. Characters like Funtime Freddy gave us an enitrely new feeling with their voices.Complicated but simple! 11/10, would play again!"
,Recommended,506610,25909955,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,•☣NAC☣•,I love this game! It's so hard and creepy! Thank you Scott!
,Recommended,506610,25909998,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,NerdyNikNack,OMG Scott you are a Flippin genius.  This game is amazing and all fans of FNAF need to play it.
76561198209140661,Recommended,506610,25908282,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,minerboy1205,"Great game! But the problem there is a weird glitch, where you can't get out under the desk.But this has a good scary atmosphere. This game is wonderful!"
,Recommended,506610,25909093,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,NanoActive,It's amazing xDD
,Recommended,506610,25909729,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,UNI,This is better than any of the previouse games its just amazing undescribable feelings when you play just play it thats all i gonna say
76561198108887403,Recommended,506610,25908156,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Star_Galaxy3333,This Game is brilliant definitly one of the best games in the fdranchise i was so excited for this
,Recommended,506610,25970668,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,lyon,Very different from the other game and I think it's the bestI recommend to buy this game if you want a challenge :)9/10NIGHT 4 OMG
76561198199446201,Recommended,506610,33641998,Posted: 18 July,all,dstickks2,KELLEN GOFF IS BEST VOICE ACTOR X3
,Recommended,506610,25963797,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,HELLo,"This game is a great part of the FNAF game storyline. The first 4 games were good but this game take all off that go's ""screw it"" and flips the table making you learn a new system but with cool little throw backs the the original four games!😁"
76561198262329823,Recommended,506610,26004692,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,0zzb33,like the game but broke mt pc cause of night 4.
76561198174931101,Recommended,506610,25937435,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Trimillionblack,"This game is worth the amount it is.  The horror, gameplay, and secrets"
,Recommended,506610,25937415,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,FACS01,"I think the game was very entertaining!! :D but short, i wish it have an expansion soon"
,Recommended,506610,25937617,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,CO'Keefe,Amazing and such a different aspect to the game than the others! Great game!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvfts0qPmnY
76561198291305512,Recommended,506610,26005543,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Circus Baby,"Rather than taking place or even centering around Freddy Fazbear's Pizza, Sister Location is instead in, well...its sister company, Circus Baby's Rentals and Entertainment, owned by Afton Robotics, LLC. The animatronics are rented out for birthday parties, but were originally intended for use in a pizzeria called Circus Baby's Pizza World. The pizzeria had been shut down shortly before it was supposed to open due to ""gas leaks.""You, the player character known as Eggs Benedict, have to check into here every day as a late-night technician to make sure the animatronics are in working order...but you soon learn, as always, that these robots are not what they seem...And after playing through it...I can honestly say that it's become my new favorite entry into the horror franchise. It proves that, even after five games in, the FNAF series shows no signs of slowing down or running out of ideas.Sister Location is the most unique and varied game yet, since instead of repeating the same night with added difficulty and animatronics...each one is entirely different! Which makes the game even more terrifying since not only are you unable to tell what will happen next, but makes things as fresh, ranged and unpredictable as possible. Whether it's performing surgery on Freddy while playing hide-and-seek with his Bonnie hand-puppet, or shaking off the spider-like Minireenas, the servants of Ballora, while trapped in a Springtrap suit.Another radical yet stupendous change is that in the earlier games, you essentially had to wait for the animatronics to approach you. But instead, the game has you actively doing things, all the while making sure you don't become a corpse by the roaming animatronics. How, you may ask?Well, the last thing that sets Sister Location apart from its predecessors is that it has a semi-free-roaming element. You have to constantly move between rooms rather than being restricted to only one, which squeezes every last drop of tension out of you as you travel between each animatronics' playground, and face a new one each time. This not only gives a broader scale of freedom and exploration, but overall makes the game very polished.Also, unlike any of the previous games, there's no time limit to the nights, so the only real goal is to complete them.And as always, the ambience is truly strong, creepy and downright unsettling. There's  meticulous sound cues, dark and dim areas, and, for the first time ever, hearing the animatronics actually SPEAK, meaning isn't one place where you won't be praying for your life. Also fighting for it, as the game is actually pretty difficult, and throws new mechanics at you faster than you can blink. I'd honestly call this the most difficult game in the series since FNAF 2.But it doesn't entirely focus on sight, and there are times where you must rely on sound like in FNAF 4, which is definitely an added plus.As for all the animatronics, whether new or familiar...think of them as the glossy and clown-like ones from FNAF 2, but much more disturbing. Funtime Foxy and Freddy may not be as scary as their predecessors, but they're unpredictable enough to keep you and your toes. While Ballora is genuinely creepy and disturbing, being that she's the most human-like animatronic we've seen so far, and won't let you leave without a fight.While Baby...she is truthfully the most well-designed and nightmare-inducing animatronic of them all, even more so than Springtrap. Which is a bold statement, I know. But it's not just because she looks like a small little girl, and little girls are indisputably always frightening. At least when they try to be...and she also looks like a clown, so she's essentially a little clown girl. Good luck sleeping with that image in your mind.No...it's because, unlike any of the other animatronics, Baby doesn't truly make an appearance until the very end of the game, neither does she have a jumpscare. Even if she's the main antagonist. And that's because she has her own character that's complex and compelling, and actually well-fleshed out throughout the game with her own dialogue and backstory. She has her own, dark agenda, with you being the most important part.Also, the fact that their faces pop open to reveal their endoskeletons in their jumpscares...not cool, Scott. Not cool.But since this game is called Sister Location, isn't it a little strange to have the only technically-female character in the series, Chica, entirely absent? Though that'd just be a nitpick on my part...There's also a part of this game that shocked even me, and without going into spoiler territory, made me emotionally invested in the animatronics. I never expectedthat  to happen, being that I only felt connected to the child in FNAF 4. And though I wish I could go into more detail (and will on a later, spoilery post), the backstory and lore between these animatronics is so riveting that it made me see them as more than vengeful killing machines.It's dark, emotional, disturbing and brilliant in every way...and it easily rivals the amazing storytelling perspective of FNAF 4.Oh, and I didn't forget about those easter eggs...they're here, and more plentiful than normal eggs on Easter.But since everything is pitch-perfect, the one, sole criticism I have with this game is that there's way too much padding.The game has a ton of voice acting (which itself is amazing in every way), dialogue, and cutscenes, and is more interactive than the previous games, which is of course wonderful to see. But because of this, when you restart each night, you're forced to repeat these sequences again and again. This, in the end, drastically hurts the pacing, and makes the horror elements less effective.Think of it as in FNAF 1-3, instead of being able to play while Phone Guy (man I miss him) speaks, you instead have to wait until he's finished to finally start the night. And you even have the option to mute him entirely after you've already listened to him!While it at least alleviates this problem by having you restart at specific sections of the night when you die (and thankfully not right from the beginning, because since there's an elevator cutscene at the start of each night, that'd just be awful. Unless you restart the game)...at the end of each night you have to sit through a cutscene that has nothing to do with the story or the lore, rather than the playing an Atari-style minigames like in FNAF 4.Even if the ends of each night are charming and funny (just like the beginning), I would have preferred if the minigames returned instead! Especially with this game's INCREDIBLE lore! Even without that, all this could have easily been solved if the cutscenes were skippable, but...they're sadly not.And while some may criticize the game for being too short, it's...about the basic length of any FNAF game, really.That's because the ""true"" Night 5 is actually in a secret room that can only be reached by certain conditions. It's a VERY difficult yet incredible throwback to the first game, with having to face one, single animatronic known as Ennard that's all of the other animatrons' endoskeletons meshed together...And clearing it also gives you this game's true ending.Overall, Five Nights at Freddy's Sister Location is a true testament to how solid the FNAF series really is. It proves that, even if it didn't need to, it can change the FNAF formula and still keep the spirit of the older games. With an enthralling story, unpredictable gameplay, an ominous and chilling setting, well-written dialogue, multilayered antagonist and a side to the animatronics we've never seen before...well, this is definitely one visit that fans and newcomers alike should not miss, despite it overstaying its welcome.I doubt this'll be the last FNAF game, but after braving through Freddy's sister location...I'm actually hoping it isn't.*9.25/10*"
76561198338019119,Recommended,506610,33795573,Posted: 25 July,all,im back baby,It's rully SCURRY!!!!!!!!!
76561198338105942,Not Recommended,506610,26187613,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,meg318,"I can't play the game. When I go ""Under the Desk"" the game suddenly goes mute. After I shut the door a couple of times, I am just stuck there. When I am able to press ""S"" to leave, the sound never comes back on. I have tried to play it several times, but this happens every time.I have tried to use the Windows key + down button as some have suggested. It merely freezes up the game, and locks the mouse into the center of my computer screen. I have to draw up the task manager to shut the whole thing down.What a mess!!"
76561198138279045,Recommended,506610,25967929,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,ЯΛBBIƬƬIƬΛП,AMAZING GAMEbetter than i expectedjust night 3 with bonnie but i'll get passed itCONTINUE THE SERIES SCOTT I LOVE IT:3BTWI HATE BABY FOR BETRAYING US AND BEING A LITTLE JERK
76561198335988818,Recommended,506610,28210582,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,brightly96,love the FNAF seires but THIS ONE IS THE BEST
,Recommended,506610,28603931,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,MrFazbear87™,Its preety good :steamhappy:
76561198090879195,Recommended,506610,26606775,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,goobababy,"So I bought the FNaF Franchise Bundle shortly after the release of FNaF 4. Later, I heard that Sister Location was on Steam, and got depressed because I couldn't afford it. Then I found it in my library. THANKS FNAF FRANCHISE BUNDLE!!Review:This game by far is the scariest game in my opinion. It is also my favorite because of the new game mechanics such as crawling through vents, Going to more rooms, and the SHOCK button. I had a lot of fun playing this game, and it is just as hard as all the others. (Night 4 is 10 times harder than 20/20/20/20 mode...) And I don't want to give too much away for all the new players looking to buy,IT'S WORTH THE MONEY!!!!!!"
76561198259573054,Recommended,506610,25913578,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Beaudacious,"It's a very different kind of style from the other games. It's very unique in its own creepy way, and the funny scenes of it make the game pretty enjoyable in my opinion. Only on night 4 right now but this game really keeps you on edge about what you're doing and how you're doing it."
76561198137792025,Recommended,506610,26009242,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Lukeyboy599,Just beautiful
76561198305271087,Recommended,506610,29885319,Posted: 12 February,all,Gamingmaster1983,Five Nights at Freddy's sister location is the best game I've ever played
76561197973607343,Recommended,506610,34038473,Posted: 5 August,all,Gambit,"This is easily a fantastic game to try for anyone really, regardless of your tastes and preferences.  The price is beyond reasonable for the unique gameplay it provides."
76561198195613682,Recommended,506610,30931713,Posted: 3 April,all,doge slayer 221`,it is awsome good part to the story
,Recommended,506610,25914244,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ChibiEspeonOverlord,holy cow scott... this game is amazing!!! the only part i had lots of trouble with is in night 4. but the rest is awesome!!! hope you make a sequel to this game! but seriously best game i have ever played...
,Recommended,506610,27914957,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ElrodBlox,THIS IS AMAZING YOU CAN DO SOO MUCH AND I CANNOT WAIT TILL CUSTOM NIGHTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198273514162,Recommended,506610,26190955,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,bwillis111,Great. 10/10. No other Game like it. Others? Bad. His? The Best
76561198200536230,Recommended,506610,25926784,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,JohnPlayz_,This is the best FNaF game yet! So many things to do amazing story and fun little secrets. But before you play this you should play FNaF 1 2 3 and 4. Just so you know this game is VERY diffrent then the other games! But overall this is the best FNaF game yet. Have fun!
76561197976422191,Recommended,506610,34116010,Posted: 8 August,all,DSoul1979,"I think this game is great! Ive always been a fan of the franchize, the gameplay, the lore, everything about it fits just right. All thanks to Scott Cawthon! Keep up the good work!"
76561198323901559,Recommended,506610,34117072,Posted: 8 August,all,betty_wilkins,best won yet
76561198099456294,Recommended,506610,25976288,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Sammybob021,The game is super awsome but super scary at times but night four is super hard still.
76561198121351351,Recommended,506610,26059068,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,gocrusaders143,"Honestly,this game is amazing.It's one of the best horror games I've ever played and it's by far the best FNaF game.Every night is unique,the animatronics are all different,it has a great story,it has voice acting,and it's easily the scariest game.Also,a lot of people complain about night 4,and even gave bad reviews because of it.I read a review just explaining why night 4 sucked.First of all,night 4 isn't enough to ruin the game,like a lot of people say it is,and giving a negative review because of night 4 is stupid.Second,night 4 isn't as hard as people make it out to be.It's only 3 minutes long not counting the dialogue at the start,which still isn't that long.Is it harder than it should be?Yes.But does it ruin the game?No.Is it badly designed?Nope.Is it as hard as something like night 5 and 6 of FNAF 2,things that nobody complained about?Not at all.My only complaint is the game is pretty short,but at least there's a reason.This game is very story driven,so a custom night or even a 6th night wouldn't work well.I wish the extras menu was bigger,but that won't bother many people.To make up for there being only 5 nights,there IS a second non-canon ending that is extremely helpful to the lore,and it's pretty difficult(not as hard as one of the 20 modes though.)The second ending also includes a very long extra part to night 5,which is good since on it's own night 5 is very short.I won't say much else,since I don't want to spoil stuff,but I've told you everything you need to know.Even if you don't like FNaF,I would say play this game since it's so different,and I've seen people who didn't like the other 4 games post good reviews about this one."
76561198200675225,Recommended,506610,26059239,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Exotic Butters,Best game of the sieres
76561198286644287,Recommended,506610,26059407,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,The_Wilshire,"Sister Location is absolutely amazing, the game mechcanics, the story, the jumpscares, everything in the game just works perfectly but there's one small problem, On night 3, when you remove freddy's power module, Bonnie won't appear anywhere on freddy until he jumpscares you. But overall, FNaF Sister Location is amazing and its what the series needed."
76561197971305233,Recommended,506610,25918809,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Runie,"EDIT: Scott Cawthon patched Night 4.  It's still a very annoying night, but now it's more or less doable at least.So I'm changing my review to a recommend.This is easily one of the best games in the FNaF series.  Great story, terrific voice acting, gorgeous animation and setting, much higher level of polish than previous games, and the game gives you a much better idea of what you're supposed to be doing.Night 4 sucks, but otherwise a must play, especially for long-time fans, or maybe fans who thought FNaF4 and FNaF World were a bit of a let down."
76561198146247856,Recommended,506610,25972753,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,darckissimo,THIS IS A GRAT GRATE GRATE GAME
76561198215913008,Recommended,506610,25972521,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,tomgodlewski,good
76561198245939830,Recommended,506610,25972844,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,goprobro,love sister location but night 4 is really hard.
76561198273943757,Recommended,506610,25972509,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,dragongunner99,its very good but scott lower the springlock buttons there are to many to keep track of
76561198171217942,Recommended,506610,28117967,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,meow154,2SPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOKYME
76561198111519367,Recommended,506610,28119917,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,TsunamGFX,I give this game 10/10 I bought it first day it came out October 7th. The first jumpscare was Freddy i covered my mouth with both hands and started breathing screaming. The best game so far if you ever plan to make a Sister Location 2 please do people will love it. i have followed the game since the first one came out my brother told me about FNAF 2 amazing FNAF 3 was awesome FNAF 4 was absoloutley FABULOUS FNAF world was good FNAF SL  Best game gonna make it better with custom night
76561198347577457,Recommended,506610,28144503,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,dbsw1972,Very Good Game if you like FNAF or Horror games.
76561198249321746,Recommended,506610,28159690,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,cjwood2004,The 3rd night is too difficult because you can hardly see bon bon.
76561198345631322,Recommended,506610,28190617,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,michelle66914,your game is realy good but can you make it where i dont have to have to have 3 stars to play custom night because im stuck on night 3.
76561198273465751,Recommended,506610,34713971,Posted: 3 September,all,pokemonbossplayer,"I can't believe FNaF is over... All the hints.. The Lost children.. The killings..What's the true story behind FNaF? FNaF has helped me through five years of my life. It always kept me wondering. And every time I thought I had figured it out, another game would come out and suprise me. It always came with a gateway, opening up to other mysteries. Mysteries that were like a puzzle. We always had some parts missing. Every game that comes out gives us more pieces to the puzzle. There is still some pieces missing. Will those gaps ever be filled, or will they stay empty, leaving an unsolved puzzle with no meaning? FNaF is amazing, Scott. A wonderous tale of a land where mysteries sleep. Where murder is real. Where there can be happy endings. But in the end, some things are best left forgotton..They CAN be remembered. A pizzeria. Smiles. Happiness. Parties. A bear, who would always greet children with a grin and these words : "" Welcome to Freddy FazBear's Pizza! "" A chicken, you held a cupcake who would scare with it's it's cold hearted gaze. A rabbit, who's face was tattered, his guitar Held in his robotic hands, and smelling of rotting toddlers who had been sitting in there for what seemed like years. A fox, who's hook was as sharp as a knife. his teeth, sharp and terrifying. A golden Bear, who was broken. His eyes were empty, but held a story inside. His Microphone gripped tightly in his hand. So, please... Tell me, Scott. Is ending the series the right choice? It's okay if the game comes out late, Family is Most important, and so is doing what you love.So, please,Scott...Continue this story. All stories come to an end, but.. it's not over yet."
76561198325806869,Recommended,506610,25938590,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,IIIII..xtreme..b0ss..IIIIII,good game ilke the stroyline also funny
76561198320585933,Recommended,506610,25914517,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,bonnie_gaming,best game i got scared at the jumpscares good job scott
76561198210255476,Recommended,506610,25935328,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Matthew0337,TOO SpOOpY FOR MeH
76561198106538136,Recommended,506610,25935326,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ImPachoBlue,"This was a great change from the rest of the games! I loved all 4 games, but this one just was over the top AMAZING! I don't know whats next, but I just know it will be even better. (If that's even possible? XD)"
76561198040697897,Recommended,506610,25935352,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Boondoggle,Best one yet
,Recommended,506610,34767924,Posted: 5 September,all,PurpleFreddyTrap™(OFFLINE),I rather stay on the surface and watch some TV with some popcorn and exotic butters instead of being in the circus of death below the ground.....I hate my grammar
,Recommended,506610,34781878,Posted: 6 September,all,Daniel. S,Really good i love how instead of a survive the night its a complete objectives kind of thing
,Recommended,506610,34443471,Posted: 23 August,all,Damien,awesome game scot did an amazing job just one thing there is a way to cheat so might want to fix u enter notepad go to sister location and it says night like night 1 for example u can erase 1 and put in five and bam your on night five you might want to fix that.
76561198252344116,Recommended,506610,25975746,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,dual pistal,"AMAzING 100,000/10 best game"
76561198145128487,Recommended,506610,25959460,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DiamondShark87,Very good game yet scary. worth the money if you like horror games :)
,Recommended,506610,25959479,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Kylemac09,its nothing like the other games it was so different its awesomeand the ending has such a big plot twistand the story is amazingthe graphics are phenomenali love it
76561198106847609,Recommended,506610,25959539,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,RedGryph0n,"This game is absolutely amazing! It's story is amazing, and so is the gameplay! I give Scott props for making a 3d game in a 2d game engine. 10/10"
76561198162814253,Recommended,506610,25959568,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Kamzee,Cuss night 4
76561198156058060,Recommended,506610,25920319,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,RDurize,GREAT ATMOSPHERE!! and its like your in the game.
,Recommended,506610,26225480,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,toy,Game atmosphere is pretty good.
,Recommended,506610,26684691,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,JollyMate256,The game is great. But can you (Scott) make a version for mac?PLEASE!!
,Recommended,506610,25913277,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Bill Clinton's Revelation,"I was having fun with the progressive difficulty, extremely entertaining, spooky, and still funny. Then night 4 happened. The difficulty was ungodly different. I'm still struggling, I haven't heard anyone that has gotten past it yet. Is this a bug that makes it infinite? Is it just that freaking hard? Probably both! :D"
76561198052255011,Recommended,506610,25929180,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,dawnille,This game is fun but there is a bug/glitch where you are stuck under the desk scott fix this bug plzzzzz. also wierd purple eyed freak gives me a heart attsck when he/she kills me
76561198225425560,Recommended,506610,25929292,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,rainyfoxchild55,"I love this Game so Much, Although I'm stuck on night 3, and I Adore funtime freddy's Voice its amazing"
76561198095254410,Recommended,506610,25968185,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Juan Cena,it was really fun and i think it is differnt then the other games toatally worth buying
76561198258084843,Recommended,506610,25913297,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Emojicow,"This game is a lot different from the others, buut it is by far the best FNAF game I have ever played. The gameplay and story are both flawless and the horror is mixed in well with some weird quorky comedy. I highly reccomend it"
,Recommended,506610,25921144,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,EmilliN,"Hey, that pretty good !"
76561198093313930,Recommended,506610,25929217,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ajax_47,people have been fussin about certain things but i think this is a great installment
76561198137954914,Recommended,506610,25913318,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,hysmr,"This game is not what you could call a typical fnaf game. It has the usual first person look-around-and-pray moments but this feels so much more like a story than any of the previous games. I can understand why people who have been fans for a long time may feel put out but honestly if you go into this game with an open mind not expecting what you've seen before then I would say it's pretty high on my list of fav fnaf games (I might argue it is my #1 but lets leave that for after the secret hunting!)Absolutely worth the money, 8/10 so far (post night 5)Except for night 4... screw night 4"
76561198204031673,Recommended,506610,25946150,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,holychimpanzees,I think its fun but some nights like night 2 are too hard but overall it is good
,Recommended,506610,25912812,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,simskingdomlover,Amazing and scary! Scott never fails to amaze me.
76561198352875929,Recommended,506610,29401001,Posted: 21 January,all,givvaslacka2004,"Even though the framerate droped on my laptop, Hey Its Pretty Good."
76561198164972969,Recommended,506610,28117496,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Bornconfident102,Umm this game is a really good game it is diffrent from the other but it is an new fnaf game/ series. This game i almost as good as the first fnaf game ever made. So go get the game yall will really enjoy the experience.
76561198055340094,Recommended,506610,28123272,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,That gold guy,"The game is amazing and the gameplay is just scary as hell. 10/10 would recommend.Oh, and also, CUSTOM NIGHT!"
76561198335463106,Recommended,506610,28123367,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Deadpool,a amazing game with unexpected twists and turns with great voice actors and a amazing story.5 STARS!!!
76561198121898394,Recommended,506610,28126141,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Eco 杰 csgoroll.com,This may honestly be the best game of the Five nights at Freddy's series.
,Recommended,506610,28176514,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Miyu Natsuki,The Night 4 is really hard but I like that it's replayable.
76561198241219584,Recommended,506610,28190764,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,gabecraft9,*holds it against you*
,Recommended,506610,30640618,Posted: 20 March,all,IRainingSlayerI,SUPERRRRRRR SPOOOKY !!!!!!!!!!!!!I Recommend it as 10/10.
,Recommended,506610,28566768,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dynamic Dedede,"Amazing gameplay elements, more story, links with silver eyes custom night (finally another) more animatronics, more lore, Exotic Butters, Bon-Bon finally a character, and so so much more, IT HAS EVERYTHING! Amazing map too! AND WE KNOW CAWTHON THAT YOU'RE WORKING ON THE NEXT GAME! so please announce it in january! (Game of the year from me) Edit: Good end for the franchise!"
,Recommended,506610,25929153,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,GhostPants,THE BEAUTY!!
,Recommended,506610,25929229,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Blue,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
76561198063860500,Recommended,506610,25945344,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,[NOR]SpinnAround,Hey Scott great game one issue No sound for me
76561198335989422,Recommended,506610,26000270,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Save Theme,Like like like like! Scott I love You!
76561198328780197,Recommended,506610,25921111,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,THE TRAPPER,Мне игруха нравится спс Skott
,Recommended,506610,25981569,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,FennecFox,the game was not bad but the story I did not understand itIf you give a touch of the game as 5.20and my opinion is that the end is rather simple and secand the second night it's hardtranslation was done by google translate
,Recommended,506610,25920062,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ryno,"Amazing game!!! But there is only one problem. When you move the mouse, sometimes it keeps going even though you have stopped moving the mouse. Apart from that, the voice acting gave me goosebumps, because it was just too, too good. It is very different unique. It's a good challenge."
,Recommended,506610,25945859,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,iEnderX,One of the Best games in history of Five Nights and Horror Games.
76561198202540220,Recommended,506610,25913673,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ihavenolife,"Not what i expected, i expected a regular fnaf game, BUT this is an amazing game :)"
76561197980971056,Recommended,506610,25913760,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Aatotheron,"Game gave me chills, all the while I had a smile on my face.Exotic Butters/10 Thanks Scott!"
,Recommended,506610,25913670,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mexican_Panda,REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEALY well done. My favorite for sure out of the series.
76561198232814664,Recommended,506610,25912849,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,KyojinKiraX,"Okay first off amazing game, I got stuck somewhere on Night two, I probably just broke the game! but yeah was SOOO much fun and I do enjoy the fivenight series and especially watching others play, but here is my experience, feel free to share feedback any is appreciated due to me being stuck at night 2!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyuYqmpDjsk"
76561198099620067,Recommended,506610,26835412,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,creeperkingdom,Thanks for the free Ballora and Baby rule 34.
76561198152589070,Recommended,506610,27905728,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mineman11,Love the game good job scott
76561198154632800,Recommended,506610,27898135,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ThisIsJustSomePie,Really one of the best FNAF games I've ever played so far. 10/10Btw I love the Exotic Butters. xD
76561198281475660,Recommended,506610,34453631,Posted: 23 August,all,BRVE_Prykie,"Probably one of the most hooking in games out of the Fnaf colloection.There are zero glitches, as well as that this was all made up by the man hmself scot..."
76561198298883211,Recommended,506610,35097160,Posted: 20 September,all,jamiehoward2007,"this game in the beggining is a bit confusing but eventually you get used to it so don't leave from there.it's really enjoyable and VERY scary do be warned if you do not know, this is a jumpscare game and the jump scares are TERRIFYINGoverrall fun, entertaining game :D"
76561198321642756,Recommended,506610,35393958,Posted: 1 October,all,giftfrommama1,me like
,Recommended,506610,25914389,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dat Cat,"I wasn't really helpful on my first review.Now that I've actually played it,I have some things to say.There are things different from other FNaF games,such as  having to do different tasks every night,rather than the same task with rising difficulty."
76561198210824787,Recommended,506610,25908032,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,FlashWarrior2001,"Brilliant so far, Scott! I haven't been playing for long, but I'm already loving the game's stages and voices. :D Epic! (I love Baby, she's the only one I can trust so far... But why? Hmm...)"
76561198184355549,Not Recommended,506610,25914744,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,dss3160,"I quite on Night 4. I got bored before I decided to put any more effort in. There is not enough ""thinking"" involved in the puzzles. Just throwing darts against the wall and hoping one of them sticks. You should never have to cross your fingers and hope you get *lucky* enough to finish a game. That's how I felt this time around. I'm so disappointed . . ."
76561198066157303,Recommended,506610,26068651,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,BlacK ブラック,This gave birth to a meme.10/10Will spoopy scary Exotic Butters.
,Not Recommended,506610,32423508,Posted: 14 June,all,Enox,Pretty linear unlike previous games in the series. Losing touch with what made the first 2 really great.
76561198387155394,Not Recommended,506610,32556087,Posted: 18 June,all,kdardar,"Boring, slow, repetitive... All things I look for ain a video game."
76561198154298627,Not Recommended,506610,25916469,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,travisgoss219,"Not very happy at the moment. My copy of the game is broken. When I go to the hiding place under the desk and keep myself hidden, nothing happens. It stays on this scene and I can't go any further.I'm not satisfied at all and if I knew this would happen, I wouldn't have purchased this title.I want a refund, please."
76561198280653486,Recommended,506610,28665501,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SanasY,its your best game of fnaf
,Not Recommended,506610,25916889,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Stackso,"I had been excited for them game, however it didn't seem to meet my expectations. Voice acting is overall great, but the jumpscares just aren't that scary. Overall, this game is mostly good, but did not meet my expectations."
,Recommended,506610,25917113,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ItsSpooky,"Kudos to Scott for taking his time making this masterpiece, sure there are bugs here and there, but overall, this is amazing. Well done, Scott."
76561198345342613,Recommended,506610,28131040,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,priorjude,ITS a GREAT GAME! man scott ill tell ya I am 10 and I love your games from fnaf 1 to sister location I love your games I love the horror man its the best one yet! I begain wheni was in  1st grade! and I don't want to at frist!
,Not Recommended,506610,25976792,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Art as Games,"I like Sister Location, a lot. The production values are a lot higher, the voice acting is good, and the story is the most intriguing that FNAF has produced since the first game. Scott deserves a lot of credit for his hard work on the title.That said, as many other players and reviewers have noted, this game's difficulty is very poorly balanced. It's like all five levels were put together into a basket, shaken up, and then arranged in whatever order they were plucked out of. The first night, the tutorial, is obviously a no-brainer. The second night took me over an hour to complete. The third night I beat on my first try, and the fourth level, as with many others, is breaking my balls.Scott, please consider rebalancing the game a bit so that the difficulty is incremental, not schizophrenic. I want to like and continue the game but its levels are all over the place."
,Recommended,506610,28853045,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CrimsonHawkMoth,"I normaly don't play horror games but I decided to give this a try. Overall my first thought while playing  about a half hour in was that this can't really be classified as a 'horror game'. Although this game has jumpscares, in my book I feel that it isn't what I usually expect. I can see why people would love these games  due to the very fun gameplay and a facinating setting. So to sum things up buy this game if you really want to have fun with the gameplay and examine a very weird setting then this game is for you, but if you are looking for a hardcore horror game pass or buy on sale.I say this game is about an 8.5/10 mainly because It really isn't a horror game."
,Recommended,506610,26295775,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Freddy faz bear 1987 gamer,thanks scott for giving me fnaf sl for freei like the fnaf gamesagain thanks so muchamtrack12
76561198128926415,Recommended,506610,25907419,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Bud,"PLEASE PLAY THIS GAME.This game is absolutely terrifying and I love it. If you like jumpscares, this is the game for you! Great job, Scott!"
,Recommended,506610,25914631,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,JustThatOneGuy,"Let's get this out of the way, Scott actually listened to our request for something different.We gotten that.This game has the most content out of the whole series.From being a technician to a guard, tthere's always a 50% chance you will love playing one of them.Voice acting is top notch, with the best being Funtime Freddy's maniac - Kellen Goff.He's insane and really captures a animatronic clown bear.The tense atmosphere is back, really shining with Funtime Freddy, Ballora's Gallery, Funtime Auditorium, and Night 5.This game is challenging, (♥♥♥♥ night 4).Now custom night.Custom Night is a non-canon add on to the game, renewing the gameplay of FNaF 1.It's not really custom, but a set of challenges. (False advertising there chap).Each one really changes the game up a bit, requiring you to adapt to the new characters to deal with.Then you got the bullet hell called Very Hard Golden Freddy mode, which will take a lot of dedication, and be impossible without the keyboard controls.If you're a fan of the series, or have a potato that can't run AAA games, then this is recommended to you."
,Recommended,506610,25913026,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Ryandude5678,"The scariest game in the series so far! You'll never suspect when you're gonna get your face ripped off by the murdering animatronics we all know and love! Don't listen to them stupid haters! Cause when you play this game, Your in for a Surpriiiiise! (see what i did there for the people who know the game) But seriously, Recommend this game!"
76561198272914846,Recommended,506610,28182574,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,yoshua8888 farmskins.com,this is the best game i ever played
,Recommended,506610,28244148,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Eamonnz805,Sexy
76561198083462369,Recommended,506610,25914697,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,hooodini,I need a change of pants
76561198343118152,Recommended,506610,26496971,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,jakemuller12,good job scott
,Recommended,506610,28313877,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mik0vskyy,"I Victory this game in 5 hours(:Scoot, please more update(:(FnaF is my favourite game(:  )"
,Recommended,506610,26618639,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,FireBoy2215,"""If you listen to them, you will die,"" - Baby.Take this to heart. 10/10"
,Recommended,506610,28468346,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,RedRooRoo,"Scott Cawthon is a BEAST at making famous FNaF horror games! This game is a sensation! All though I'm Night 4, I still know everything about it, and I love all the games! Thanks Scotty for creating the good games :)!!!"
76561198076453634,Recommended,506610,25985520,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Embow,Might just be the best one yet!
76561198238598272,Recommended,506610,25949017,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Profyl,DA BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEST SCOTTTTTTTTTT  THE MOST SCARY FNAF EVER BRO YOU DID IT WITH THE VOICE ACTINGS DA BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESRFCFSDFJKOXJFGXUZFGYSDGFZSSSSSSTTTTTTT!!
76561198099632696,Recommended,506610,25927595,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,LittleSliceofPie,"This is easily the best FNaF sequel. Without soiling anything, the game really gives you an authentic experience as well as shaking up the FNAF formula to provide a fresh-feeling experience. though the game can be unfair at times, it is doable, and you can even skip them if it comes to it (with a little cheating.)."
76561198041648774,Not Recommended,506610,25931650,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Splodge,"Absolutley brilliant until night 4.Night 4 is not fun. I genuinely believe it's impossible sometimes due to the RNG.There was even a patch to make it ""easier"" but it did nothing.So thanks for making a game that isn't beatable.gg"
76561198171713399,Not Recommended,506610,25926810,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Grezelda,"It's actually pretty boring, it glitched out for me and my friend, its tedious, it tries to be funny but it doesn't work with this atmosphere. I don't think this game is apropriate for the FNaF series and don't think it lives up to all the expectations about. It's not fun. It's boring. It's tideous. It's not scary. Scott Cawthon, you've really let me down."
76561198305852539,Not Recommended,506610,25989018,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,josephujoestur,"Night five. this is the night where you have to type in a passcode as fast as possible, (or you die) then you have to follow baby's instructions to go forward. then you die again. and have to go all the way back to the impossible passcode. and all the dialogue. i would reccomend this iff they made more checkpoints on night 5. until then, it's not worth your money."
,Recommended,506610,26467914,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Renamon The Pirate Fox,one of the best games i've played. jumpscares are guarenteed if you don't spoil it.
,Not Recommended,506610,25938516,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Fazor,Night 4 needs tobe easier. It is not possible without playing the game for hours which is not fun. Please make it easier to beat.
,Recommended,506610,28635742,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mystery117,better fnaf game because all nights are different expect custom night
,Recommended,506610,25911096,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Breadstick OverLord,"Encountered a glitch on night 2, after I had to close the vent shaft door under the desk. After i had to close the vent from whatever was trying to get me. I was stuck in there. There was no input to get out of the shaft, or a voice to guide me. I waited for about 5 minutes. Pressing buttons on my keyboard did nothing. Please fix this, Scott"
76561198055550840,Recommended,506610,25958766,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Chris_Is_Awesome,Verry Scary And I Loved It!
76561198308589299,Recommended,506610,25928655,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,rufus3303,Good game. But I do night 2 completely nd I can't pass it. It freezes everytime....Pls help.
,Recommended,506610,25917751,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,BlazerDWP,"-SPOILER FREE REVIEW-As a FNaF fan since the very beginning you would think that I am a huge fanboy and think ALL of the games are perfect. Don't get me wrong I love the series, but every game has its ups and downs, so lets start with the negatives.-Negatives-Sister Location has very linear gameplay, I can't say that for the story though. The game just feels too short, for there being no 6th night or any extra nights (it is understandable since its not really an average FNaF game, its kind of hard to explain what kind of game this is anyway :P). Also night 4 took way too long to beat and sometimes feels like its based off of luck.-Positives-Sister Location is one of the best games in the series. I love the FNaF games that actaully have a story built into the game that plays out night by night and you don't need to make up theories for what is happening (yet in some points you do), examples of FNaF games with a built in story is FNaF 4, the crying child day by day is being harrased by his brother and every night and day grows closer to the party. Another positive is the gameplay is diverse on every night and is fun to play (yet can be repetitive and take forever, I'm looking at you night 4!).-My Score-I give Sister Location a 7.8/10, once you play through once there is no reason to go back unless you really want to, there is little to no replayability but makes for a good couple of hours to sit down and play whether or not you are a FNaF fan. If you are a FNaF fan this is a must-buy (if you haven't already) or if your new to the series this game is worth picking up!"
76561198170098893,Recommended,506610,28131679,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SomeRandomFandomHopper,"""Don't Hold It Aganist Us"" The Saying That Got Us Theroizing For Sister Location whatever you don't care your just for the review. ok THIS GET RIIIGHT INTO THE REVIEW!-Much Spooky (much spook)-Night 4...NIGHT 4 NIGHT 4...IT'S A NIGHTMARE BUT I BEAT IT BEFORE THE UPDATE!-Ennard...Ennard yeah hes cool-Custom Nightplz tell me how to beat angry ballet. (on very hard mode)"
76561198338225714,Recommended,506610,26239670,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,myadamboy06,Omg scary nice job Scott 😂😂😂😂😂 keep up the good work👍👌bye✌😎
76561198047378716,Recommended,506610,25955973,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Adventure,"S**t myself 6 times, 6/10 would s**t myself again."
76561198271820131,Recommended,506610,25929847,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,jackofthejones999,BEST FNAF GAME EVER
76561198218874864,Recommended,506610,25911184,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,A Box,"Alot different than the other Fanf games; although not the scariest in the series, it is a good play."
76561198062044803,Recommended,506610,25911130,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Nareve,"This is the first time I have ever played FNAF. I am a bit of a puss in games... This game scared the HELL out of me, stuff that was not even meant to scare me did.... Anyway, fun game... Here is a video of how the game is, and me losing my♥♥♥♥♥♥I may need a hug.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amUpo5UJzHI&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,506610,28338096,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Shuckle The Overlord,"This is not like the previous games at all, it isn't that much of a game at all to be honest, this game's purpose is to tell a story, and it overall does a good job. This game is a major graphical upgrade and quality upgrade overall, it looks and feels much more impressive, and the tone is set pretty well, but if this is a game you have come to look for, then you should keep looking, you will need to know about the fnaf lore to get enjoyment out of this game, and if you don't want any of the mystery behind it that this game shares with the other fnaf titles, then you are well out of luck, this is really only a game for fnaf fans, this game has nothing to offer gameplay wise, but is full with mystery and makes you really want to know what is going on, and how this ties in with the story. 7/10"
76561198174658290,Recommended,506610,25963192,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,FoxyPals,"Awesome, Awesome, Awesome!"
76561198139179997,Recommended,506610,25910257,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,rohanthomas.22,NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO! NONONONONONONONONONONON!!!!!!!!!! NO! NO! NO! i CANT! i just CANT! i fort i CODE! but i CANT! rely rely rely rely rely rely rely RELY!!!! love this seres but i just CANT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! im probaly just gona wach markapayer and dorko theay want to be scered. i DONT IF YOU DO THEN PLAY THIS GOD DAM GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I SHERE AS HELL CANT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198011539099,Recommended,506610,25913678,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Shade Meadows,"New and Improved FNAFit does not feel like a FNAF game to be honest, and that's the thing! its a new game in the same universe! and it's an amazing (kinda of short) and HARD Game!i mean it, it is short but the dificulty makes up for it!this became my favorite FNAF game, Amazing Voice Acting, Amazing Animation, 3D Sections and Hilarious humor for a Dark Horror game!i give this one 9.8/10!=) i hope to see more or at least an DLC!"
76561198289377821,Recommended,506610,28452511,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Super Vegito,it is amazing
76561198224712440,Recommended,506610,28451592,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Raymond John,This became my favourite game ever. Great graphics. Awsome gameplay.
76561198308245886,Recommended,506610,28444912,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Karma,i think this is an awsome game and loads of people should play it!
76561198304862272,Recommended,506610,26496547,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,dajakeisaboss,So the things that I like are the jumpscares their really good and if you don't have the then this is a bit of a spoiler I like how the minnireena I think thats what their called anyways I like how they crawl on the wall in night four but I can't beat night four... Any tips?
,Recommended,506610,25908602,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,HDDizzle,no thanks to scary
,Recommended,506610,26397205,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,m.BlascoGames,"William aftom is purple manCreator baby to abduct childrenFather of the girl who died at the hands of babyProtagonist of sister locationEnnard or controlling the roost know that the daughter of William died then there are two possibilities.Ennard could be the daughter of WilliamOr it could also be someone close to him as for instance henry aftom.Baby is the soul of a person who wanted to help us but seeing the evidence at the time when you deactivate the chip it or at least its animatronic body dies.His plan was to take cameras to the area that is safe area of ​​fake end that's the theory I have since the voice that guides us to the room scupping refers to baby as someone else.""Circus babys was already here""Whereupon it is safer than or guiding us to the room was ennard scupping because it was supposed that wants to enter our body.But thenWho was baby and because we helped?At all times the animatronic we could have killed or captured at any time, but baby did not save.So as baby killed the daughter of William afton (bone daughter ... The creator of both animatronic family dinner as those of sister location)it is assumed that baby is our daughter so we want to save.And since ennard know what happenedIt can be deduced that he was henry aftom.Because at the beginning of the game it is that William (purple bone man) think the funtine or at least baby with features that did not hurt anyone until after the manipulated them to kill children.But then the bad of the story are William and Henry.We do not know why they wanted to do those things.But it is clear that William (gay purple) abandoned the project of killing children because that own project made her daughter died.And not only that.William had cameras watching his own home since the establishment of animatronic murderers were below yours and if any escaped or something to know and descativarlos somehow. Ie those cameras put them there to protect her 3 children.And why I say three?BECAUSE HE IS THE FATHER OF THE CHILD OF THE FOURTH GAME, BROTHER, FATHER AND DAUGHTER MORE.Do you want me to show as that?Easy.In the house of the child there was a room for a girl and not only that. I have also evidence that these 3 children are children of William bone of the purple man.Since a baby dialogue that told us was ...""These spring in a suit brought from our old pizzeria""Since at this point and you know that baby is ours because he referred to the place as ""our former pizzeria"".That makes it clear that the daughter of William (bone baby)He meant that that was his establishment or the safest thing was the establishment of his family (his father William aftom)And knowing all these tests and shows that.William IS THE FATHER OF THE CHILD OF THE FOURTH GAME, BROTHER, FATHER OF THE SOUL AND CONTROLLING A BONE BABY SISTER OF THESE GUYS.And the children knew about the secret establishment and his father would say this was a circus that they were preparing secretly and henry.And this confirmed since his daughter in the dialogues of the game knew of the existence of the animatronic baby and always wanted to approach her.Then at least the girl knew of the existence of this place.So I think what happened next ...But still staying several unknownsBecause William wanted to kill and abduct children?Henry Did you know all this?Who is ennard? Because there are chances of it being the daughter because in the end fake speaks with his voice, though still henry might know his voice and pretend to be his daughter.But being the daughter not because it would kill his own father.So what is certain is that the henry.But then...How henry ended within an exoskeleton?What does all this with FNAF1,2,3?Spanish fan... Drake"
,Recommended,506610,25965638,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Channel Animator,"While Night 4 is completely, a brutal hell, the game is very well designed and differs heavily from the previous installments, where the gameplay feels fresh and unique, while keeping a FNAF vibe to it. 10/10"
,Recommended,506610,25924662,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,linkous101,yes its a GREAT game and an epic addon to the fnaf series!!!
76561198208872603,Recommended,506610,25924007,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,I'm Wu Ying brother,我觉得这游戏的代入感还是不错的。是一款不错的作品，优化还有画面现对于第4部明显有了好转，而且他的活动性互动性更好了。真心不错，也够刺激的，虽然他的jumpscare稍逊于第4代但还是不错的作品，说尿裤子和吓哭的你们的胆子太小了别怪游戏。那我来说说他的不足之处：主要还是BUG在第二关的时候，在拉住铁板防守的那个流程让我非常无语，几乎可以气得让我想砸电脑总是卡关，敌人（我不知道敌人叫什么名字）来拉铁板的时候拉了两次他就跑了？然后就默默的躲在管道里孤独一生了。。。。希望尽快的把这款游戏的BUG解决掉，是玩家得到更好的游戏体验~10/8那两分的话主要还是BUG的原因，游戏作者继续努力吧~
,Recommended,506610,28802375,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DA-GUY,I LOVE THIS GAME!!!
76561198344403231,Recommended,506610,29472925,Posted: 24 January,all,shyvampire42,Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
76561198294794716,Recommended,506610,25976595,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Lumiine,"I have a question, There's a Foxy...A Freddy,Bonnie...But no Chica...Could it be on night 4 that suit that we are in isChica? I'm just very confused, Chica Was my favorite in the hole game...She was in the 2nd FNAF 3rd FNAF even 4th but...why not this one? I just really want to know. If anyone has any ideas plz reply!"
76561197972194842,Recommended,506610,26168674,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,ironman074,sucks
76561198345611681,Recommended,506610,26567465,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,RegularHazzy666,i want a refud it wont let me click the handunit
,Recommended,506610,29793557,Posted: 8 February,all,ultimatemegaman333,this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing scary my dog ♥♥♥♥ing died
,Not Recommended,506610,25958850,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,FUNborn,it is not like what i thought it would be i tryed exepting it in to the frachies but that dident work and i played it for 3 hoursso.  it was about 7.49$ us and it did not work out.it is hard with my mouse my main click doesent work some time's so on night 2 i had a bad time. alot. i reccomand to watch a video firsti do reccomand for people that whant a twist.but i do not recomend
76561198237199874,Recommended,506610,25989234,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,nightsedge561,HHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
76561198208897015,Recommended,506610,28861757,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Divine Beast Vah Medoh,"I haven't yet completed this game but I really think this is the best FNAF game ever. The animatronics were awesome, the gameplay was cool and the whole thing was great!!!"
76561198012537623,Recommended,506610,28293494,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,O Barqueiro_RJ,eu gostei e faltava algumas coisas eu queria que a custom night tivese aquelas setinhas que muda a agresiidade dos animatrocs ta eu quero isto por favor
76561198181271781,Recommended,506610,30206862,Posted: 26 February,all,mattyranks,I LOVE SISTER LOCATION I THINK SCOOT SHOULD MAKE MORE FNAF GAMES HES RELLY GOOD HES MY BIGEST FAN TO IOVE HIS GAMES I CAN NAME EVERY CHATER1.FREDDYBONNIECHICAFOXYGOLDEN FREDDYENDO-12.TOY FREDDYTOY BONNIETOY CHICATOY FOXY/MANGLEBBJJSHADOW BONNIESHADOW FREDDYWITHERD FREDDYWITHERED BONNIEWITHERD CHICAWITHERD FOXYWITHERD GOLDEN FREDDYSHDOW BBPUPPETENDO-23.SPRING TRAPPHATHOM FREDDYPHATHOM CHICAPHATHOM FOXYPHATHOM MANGLEPHATHOM BBPHATHOM GOLDEN FREDDY4.NIGHTMARE FREDDYNIGHTMARE BONNIENIGHTMARE CHICANIGHTMARE FOXYNIGHTMARE FREDBEARNIGHTMARE.NIGHTMARE MANGLENIGHTMARE BBPLUSHTRAPFREDBEARSPRINGBONNIEUNWITHERD FOXYUNWITHERD CHICAUNWITHERD FREDDYUNWITHERD BONNIE5. SISTER LOCATIONBABYBALLORAFREDDY/FUNTIMEFOXY/FUTIMEENAREDYENDOBIBY BABMINIRENABON BONBONNETLOLBITELTRCO BAB.HUMAN CHATERSPUPPLE GUY/WILLEAM AFTONPINK GUYMICHEL AFTONLITTLE BLOND HAIR GRILKIDSSOULSorage guygreen guy. thanks scoot for what you do to make us happy (:
,Recommended,506610,25951737,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,HunternHunted,This Game Is One Of The Best Games I Ever Played!!! Keep Up The Good Work Scott
,Recommended,506610,25940757,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,OhNoItsRobo,"This game is amazing. It is so much better than the other FNAF games. Not only that, but it is completely different from the other games. It's not the same system. You actually do different things each night. The only thing that's similar to the other games is the fact that there's five nights, animatronics, andthe secret ending, which is basically a reference to the first game.At first it seemed a little boring, but trust me, it's definitely worth the money."
76561198033286939,Recommended,506610,25979886,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,gingytrucking,another god dam game that makes 30 year olds believe in things that go bump in the NIGHT!!! >.>
76561198050859663,Recommended,506610,25918061,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mr. Bouncy Spy,I love this game but i really don't like the mouse/cursor movement. it feels sort of... sticky... i guess.
,Recommended,506610,25918002,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,INewit,"Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location is an ambitious project to take on, but the narrative-driven suspense thriller is a one worth playing. The story is amazing and the narrator sounds straight out of Portal. The atmosphere is stupidly creepy and the build-up of jumpscares is as big as it ever has been. Sister Location takes a different approach to the FNAF franchise, and I have to say: IT IS A BIG STEP."
76561198103107001,Recommended,506610,25917768,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Bryce Hick,"okay everyone stuck on the 2nd night, you need to die one time to pass the bit where the robot trying upen that small door you have to hold. got that? die 1 time only and then when you get back to it from say ""game over"" hold it all the way and you will have it"
76561198226075340,Recommended,506610,25958577,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,jj010227,THIS GAME SUX 10/10
,Recommended,506610,32079439,Posted: 30 May,all,Stag,This Game Is Not As Fun as the other FNAF games.This game has different types of level in a different nightBut if u are a FNAF Collecter like me then buy this game+good graphics+scary+added animatronics- Circus Baby and a Puppet thingy-bad jumpscare-jumpscare sounds are way too noisy-Custom night option is very hard and annoying
,Recommended,506610,25910121,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,|[LastGuest-IB]|,Best Game Ever !! 11/10
,Recommended,506610,30584853,Posted: 17 March,all,Talking Thunder,you cant say know to the franchise the seireis is great so anyone who hasnt played the game is a loser
,Recommended,506610,25915542,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Noctane,"In the short time that i've been playing this, it's managed to keep me on the edge of my seat at all times making me dread the outcome of every little thing I do. Damn, and I thought FNAF4 was scary..."
76561198242524786,Recommended,506610,25908205,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Foxwolf21,"This is a great game, but when you are under the desk, it won't let me progress anymore, plz help"
76561198122221563,Recommended,506610,25908490,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,angi1980,this is the scaryist game EVER.
,Recommended,506610,25908812,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,dinosaurs8782,First mini-game!*Get killed by Bidybab atleast 3 - 4 times*I LOVE IT!
76561198007922923,Recommended,506610,25908936,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Nobody,Horror 10/10Adrelinen10/10enjoyment10/10over all 10/10
76561198154244218,Recommended,506610,25909162,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,[FSG]rtszombiekid,LOVE IT GREAT GAME I'M ON NIGHT 3 Great JOB! Best 6 $ I have spent in my life! I am glad I got this the sec it was open I already played 111mins XD I am about to go again just had to give you some feedback. You should be very happy with it!
76561198012801524,Recommended,506610,25909263,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Lunar_Zanx,On night 3 and my hand was visably shaking not wanting to move in Foxy's area. This installment in the FNAF series is refreshing. Lets hope I can make it through this game. I would tell everyone who is into the horror genre to get this game!
,Recommended,506610,25910105,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Nemesis Hero,"Only got up to 3 Nights, so far, and I love it.I got scared multiple times, there were some funny moments.I am just finding it hard to catch the Bonnie Puppet though. He's such a little bugger."
76561198089788216,Recommended,506610,25910108,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,CYBER PUNK,Its so creepy its awsome get the game now
76561198336379785,Recommended,506610,25908589,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,meandmythree,"This is the highest quality horror game I have ever played. I have been in the FNAF franchise since FNAF 1 and I was obsessed with them. I have been absolutely mind-blown with this. Thank you, Scott."
,Recommended,506610,26304356,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Joelymon,Improved on bassicly everything when compared to the last 4 games in the series. If you like the series than you will like this. If not there are better horror games out there
76561198319023267,Recommended,506610,26401554,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,PacerXSpikey,Soooo SCARY but loads of fun!!
76561198340107308,Recommended,506610,26401237,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,impracticaljokers146,i highly recomend this game. this is really fun.
76561198169538804,Recommended,506610,26395710,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,SenpaiGamerBlue,This has to be the best horror game I played 10/10 its the best in the series tbh!!
,Recommended,506610,26407377,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Hunty,good good
,Recommended,506610,25979196,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,starweezord,best of them yet
76561198335718670,Recommended,506610,25938243,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,grantschiel2000,Scott! i need help! i bought the sister location and it dosent say install! so i cant play! it can u fix it for me? please!
76561198128796280,Recommended,506610,25908769,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MiddleClassBrit,"This game is better than I expected, Scott has done well with this game. Can't wait to see the stories and theories behind this game!"
76561198127862445,Recommended,506610,34487815,Posted: 25 August,all,Koala Kush,"One of the best FNAF games ever to be dished out by Scott! Humor, excellent jump-scares, and surprisingly difficult at times!"
,Recommended,506610,25907868,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,н๏є | CrackHeadBobby 🔥🖕,THIS GAME IS AWESOME
,Recommended,506610,27951717,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Daveiam Aftler,"""Thank you for selecting Exotic Butters"".FNaF franchise always looked for me kinda boring. Why? It's actually because of similar gameplay in all games. The only thing that brought me to this community is lore. A story about Freddy Fazbear's Pizza. The pizzeria that earned a bad reputation with missing children incident. And behind all this is a man who is also known by fan-given name Purple Guy.The franchise tells us a story. And this story wasn't finish with 4 games only. The community needed more clues to understand the lore. We got a book which was a ""re-imagining of FNaF story"" and now we got a spin-off game.Basically, I didn't expect much from the new game. I thought it will be just another FNaF with similar characters and gameplay. But what I saw was unbelievable.1. Gameplay. We are still playing point'n'click horror. But this time it's different. Your character isn't the one who locked in his office with cameras trying to hide from walking animatronics. You got legs this time and you are able to walk through the locations. Also your actions are different from other FNaF games.Besides checking animatronics you'll be asked to work with them for example.2. Graphics. As an artist I'm pretty captious about graphics.First, I should say that character designs and detailng are amazing! They are a lot better than in previous games.  So definitely there is a progress for developer himself.But rooms still look like for me a bit... flat. I know that it's all 2D, but it still makes me a feeling that I'm looking at some picture and I'm not playing a game.3. Voice and music. For the project developer made a big team with voice actors and musician.Music for the game was created by Leon Riskin. First demonstration of music we saw in trailer. And his music goes with you during game time. The music is fascinating... and creepy sometimes. So it is a great addition to the game.Voice actors also did a great job. They made every character in game unique and charismatic. Especially... well... I think I should say thanks to Mr. Heywood for the voice of William Afton (love his British accent).4. And finally... Story! Everyone thought that game will give us more clues but it gave more secrets!The big secret for us who actually is the protagonist. And it's important to know because real ending shows us how this character became a part of the story and how the story continues. There are a lot of discussions going about this and other things... I can't tell you more! I try to avoid spoilers!So here is my conclusion:Advantages:+ Awesome gameplay with own secrets and easter eggs.+ Great character design.+ Fascinating music and voice acting.+ Deep plot.+ Humor.+ Eggs Benedict.Disadvantages:- Flat location looking.- It' seems we're far from solving the lore :(9/10.P.S. I nominated this game for the""Villain Most In Need Of A Hug"" award."
76561198258415463,Recommended,506610,25988382,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,max.wheatley,is there going to be a halloween update for sister location. if you are making one when will it be out.
76561198040387087,Recommended,506610,25909771,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,>Xenox_Ilz'ot],.
76561198290397095,Recommended,506610,28846504,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DustiestAnimal2,"Love the game, I've been waiting ever since it was a offical game been waiting forever but all of the wait was worth it, I totally agree that you should get the game. But the first Fnaf game will allways be the best, can't wait for the book and maybe a new game."
,Recommended,506610,25910723,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,AaronThePaladin,It sure is creepy and very disturbing early in the game; I was SHOCKEd too see the things in there!Also I glitched and broke the game on night 2 while in the hiding portion...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbhsfgTxQx4
,Recommended,506610,25919639,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DragonGamer,"I'am like this game very much.I like this ""free roam"" actually.It's a different game!10/9 Scott did the best again!"
,Recommended,506610,25919551,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,redwizard000,"In my opinion, the least scary of the FNAF games, but definitely one of the most intriguing. The game has a different formula than the others and is more of a series of mini-games. From a storytelling standpoint, the game works well with this approach. I got bored with the previous games pretty quickly as each night is just the same thing over and over again just a little harder or faster. Sister Location is a different experience each night. The other FNAF games, to me anyway, were more fun to watch other people play. Sister Location was actually fun for me to play myself.The art style is very nice. The voice acting good and the gameplay is original (compared to the others). I am enjoying the story aspect of it as well (at least as much of it as I have thus far uncovered, there is probably more going on than meets the eye).The ""horror"" aspect of the game kind of suffers in this one though. There is quite a bit of comic relief and the jump scares are milder and much more predictable than its predecessors. Not that the game ISN'T scary... crossing a room with very little light and a disgruntled Foxy hiding somewhere is never a happy fun time at the park.Overall I enjoyed it and if you are a fan of the world of FNAF then you probably will too."
76561198255593990,Recommended,506610,26319406,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Eagle,ITS CHALLINGING AS ♥♥♥♥.SCOTT make night 2 easier. 3 is easy 4 is medium since the update and 5 is a piece of cake. night 2 is borng until you get to the breaker rrom. PLease make holding the dorr shut easier i cant grab it
76561198208660917,Recommended,506610,25919198,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Pickaxegaming,"I love this game to bits! Even though it was a little slow at first, the storyline, the voice acting, just everything is amazing!I know some major points in it even though I myself have only gone to night 2. This is because I'm going to wait until tomorrow to play it with a friend, and let's say it scares the living bejeezes out of me."
,Recommended,506610,25911188,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,SnightmareYT,"Very enjoyable game, a lot more fun than just sitting in a room and closing doors. This is one game that I would say is worth the price c; So worth the wait!"
76561198258096993,Recommended,506610,25919229,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Brandonlegodude,"This game is Awesome! I enjoy playing it. However I can't get out of the springlock suit level, the springlocks wear too fast and I've been playing for over 3 hrs trying to figure how to get out of it! If anyone has any tactics or if it is a bug let me know. But overall Awesome game with great graphics and unique gameplay"
,Not Recommended,506610,29311457,Posted: 16 January,all,Pignite66,it wont work
,Recommended,506610,29394335,Posted: 21 January,all,hawkegamer10  yt,More sister location vids coming!!!
,Not Recommended,506610,26449403,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,TheDestroyer1014™,"This is by far the most overrated ""horror"" game series out there in this massive ♥♥♥♥ing thing called the internet, with the most horrid liquid♥♥♥♥♥♥of a fandom, and overused ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay. I hope Scott doesn't publish ANOTHER book to attempt to but not really fill in the plothole, THAT DOESN'T MAKE ANY ♥♥♥♥ING SENSE (neither does the fandom)."
76561198299187018,Recommended,506610,26058416,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Injustice7500,All i have to say is...This is my Favorite out of the 5 <3I would definitely recommend this game. Especially if you're a fan of the Fnaf Franchise and If you love Horror <3
76561198258264831,Recommended,506610,25939014,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Shadow_Zone12,"This game is AWSOME!!!This game is super fun to play,It has more stuff to do as you go,The game play is also very well made,it scared me alot!Also it blew my mine of how great it was, even thou I was suspecting a AWSOME Game from the start!!!"
76561198279418462,Recommended,506610,28122451,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,thefnafgamer2006,ITS DECEMBER 1ST WHERES CUSTOM NIGHT.
76561198179652571,Recommended,506610,28146402,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Chowder Soup,"So...... Now What?Scott, Im loving your new games so far, you are getting better each time! I just wanna ask what you have planned now, Is it Fnaf world update 3, FNAFSL 2, or mabye something else? Let us know Scottt, Give us a Hint!"
76561198280262385,Recommended,506610,28128830,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MrClickGod,"This isnt really a review because i dont know where to report bugs or anything.There's a bug were when you raise the camera on custom night, then you'll get stuck on that screen, and you can't do anything about it.This might only be me though because I run the game on a potato."
,Recommended,506610,28147527,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Chvxdler,this is a good game and please add a way so when you doing custom night its like the other FNAF games you can do a number of there times for moving like the way in fnaf 1 2 and 3
76561198303279534,Recommended,506610,28164643,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mr Fox,Very  cool!
76561198299875855,Recommended,506610,28191566,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,mammabear2222,Am i the only one who cant get past night 3????
,Recommended,506610,28192592,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,2's a Party but 3 is a Crowd,"Night 4 and Night 5 Are way too hard for a casual fnaf player. Espcially hown night 5 punishes you for having a slow reaction time with the freaking keypad thing. Whats worse is that when you die you have to walk all the way back there. Also I finally beat the keypad part, I do all the other thing I had to do in parts and service and, then I leave. I followed babys instructions when she said to walk forward and go left. So I do that and I die. And Guess ♥♥♥♥ing what? I had to do the keypad ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t again. HAHAHAHAHA NOThat is just bad game design.BUT!Everything else is really well made. The design of the animatronics to the music to the location to the humor and I can go on and on about it. However the best thing about it is that your going place to place instead of staying in one room for the whole game and, that you have to do different tasks each night.Good job sir scoot."
76561198337760081,Recommended,506610,28194834,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,jjlombb,"x-l-nt i LOVE it, but the night 5 is hard, i've spent about 3 hours on that night and didn't win, so if that can be fixed that'll be better"
,Recommended,506610,28194929,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,rregan00,very good
76561198067832388,Recommended,506610,28215455,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Mc.Rouse,different in a good way  the night 5 code pad is lagging plese fix that  but other than that fare game no luck needed unlike the other 4 games
,Recommended,506610,28229130,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Tc,"When you 1st play the game on the nights you see the game has changed with a lot of horror still proving scott knows what he is doing. Great job.Now for the negative part, Scott I really disliked you saying the custom night won't be canon then you add in more cut scences you went back on your word which is always expected from you :p So this is only half a point off. Then seeing the man who was scooped survivng and having an endoskeleton at the size of shequel o'neil the basketball player inside a body with bones etc. Then the spitting them out like his ribcage was about to explode like a vacum cleaner and his skull not breaking. This has broke all laws of phyics -1 point.THEN we get a change of events I bet no one saw coming, the ending from golden freddy. That was amazing.Score for the game 8.5/10 I recommended playing this game."
76561198239899694,Recommended,506610,28248396,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Andtaymer700,EPIC. Nicley done once again!
76561198350555448,Recommended,506610,35224565,Posted: 26 September,all,Flamegamewwe46yt,hi
76561198119544798,Recommended,506610,25991455,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Fish Johnson,loved it
76561198062885832,Recommended,506610,29654731,Posted: 2 February,all,Orangepudding,garbo lul
76561198284963905,Recommended,506610,34444316,Posted: 23 August,all,Marshmallow,SO AMAZING! My favorite game in the series!
,Recommended,506610,25992991,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,iranian p0p starr,"Well, this is a really good game, but only get it if you have not seen any gameplay of it yet! It is basically a bust if you get it when you have already seen for example, Markipoo play it. :3"
76561198116040579,Recommended,506610,26071495,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Remillia Scarlet,This game is amazingly hillarious and scary at the same time which is an amazing mix pls check it out
,Recommended,506610,26070804,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Flowey The Flower,game scary and fun
,Recommended,506610,26003806,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ArthurPlays,"Please keep in mind I'm not a fan of the FNAF franchise, nor will I ever be it seems.The lore of the FNAF franchise runs far and wide, where some theories seem canon while others are disproven. This game, however, runs with the book's side of the story.Five Nights at Freddy's Sister Location is a fresh new twist on the FNAF engine. Instead of time management through a power system and doors, you now just use the listening mechanic like that from FNAF 4. This game seems a bit more ""open"" than all of the other games combined, as of the exception of FNAF World. I loved the new twist that being more open gave to the feel of the game. It made it seem as if the building was livelier and not stationary. With the introduction of new and old characters it helped me understand the time period and the reason as to why this place exists.Keep in mind that if you're looking for a ""traditional"" FNAF game, then look somewhere else. This game has its own feel and look to it from any of the others in the franchise.PROS:*Good atmosphere*Amazing voice acting*Better controlsCONS:*Lackluster story*Introduction of certain ques that are never again used*Too short*Seems to focused for kids to playI understand that through the merchandise and fan base, Scott made the game more ""kid-friendly"" in my opinion. The game also introduced the lights and shock system that are only used twice. I think it's interesting to have a mechanic like that in the game and they have little to no use at all throughout. The game also has sensors for the vents and have an audible trigger saying which one has been opened or entered. This could have been used far more efficiently to add more suspense and maybe even a chase. I believe this was left over from a previous idea Scott might have had.In conclusion, I don't like the game just like I don't like any of the other FNAF games. However, I do recommend this game because it's a good FNAF title. People who enjoy the series deserve to still know what is good or bad.Here is the first part to my playthrough on my YouTube channel, KnightGamerRex:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYYMIda-OvU"
76561198084935483,Recommended,506610,25914958,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,"The way this plays is way way different from the original...I was NOT expecting it - but it was a great experience, except Night 4 - it was RIDICULOUS. Took me 2 hours but I got through it thankfully.For anyone who enjoys jumpscares, puzzles, and FNAF in general then this is definitely worth it. The graphics are top notch.I had a heart attack twice, worth it.Part One Guys! Enjoy :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDfXqN47ZoM"
,Recommended,506610,27908480,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Archvana,"Pretty good, not a lot like the last four ones.9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,506610,26041797,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,ClassyLass,"Cons:ShortNot much ""Gameplay""alot of missed opportunitystoo much was teasednot too much Screentime for some Robots (Funtime Foxy, Bidibaps, Baby)night 4 is still kinda difficultPros:Voice ActingGood Story (and kinda dark too)Graphics (Well you know, it looks good for what the engine has to offer and the models themselves look good)Good Step in another direction. Away from doing the same thing for each night.OVERALL:Not bad, but i wouldn't recommend to buy it. Only if you're REALY into ""Point and Click - Games"". I enjoyed it but stopped playing at Night 4 to watch Markiplier play it.Go watch Markiplier or any other Youtuber play it, then judge for yourself.UPDATE:Nominated for Villian who needs a hug!"
,Not Recommended,506610,25925883,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Bart Simpson has a Funny Face,"This game is very buggy, I had two glitches that pervented me from moving forward. One from the second night where you hide, it never ended for me and another glitch for when you have to fix freddy, the bonnie puppet never showed up and just made noises the entire time. The only way I managed to move on was by altering the text file.It is a different game, at least you are not limited to a single room you can move from room to room, it is still a 2d game with 3d models, and because of this It left me confused sometimes as the perspective made some characters look just small instead of far away.You'll only like this if you are a FnaF fan, i just wanted to see If the series has improved, and it has but it still feels rushed."
,Not Recommended,506610,25919224,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Kuehnau,"The Five Nights at Freddy's franchise is a beloved franchise (in certain circles). And it is no secret that for the most part, the last four games (not counting FNAFW) have stayed fairly similar in presentation.In Sister Location, Scott mixed it up a bit and instead introduced the new game in segments that task you as the player to complete specific events, sometimes in a allotted amount of time. Each new night presents new tasks for the player to overcome.There's no denying that what Scott has done here new (for his games) and a refreshing change of pace as far as the FNAF franchise is concerned. The game looks better and it's a nice change of pace being able to go between rooms in the new game.With that being said, each night really only feels like a string of mini games sewn together. And unfortunately these events can become repetitive and quickly frustrating depending on how many times you have to do them. It'd be different if each completed task had a check point, so if you failed, you'd just start off from where you failed, but they don't. When you come to a part in the game you are having problems with, instead of being able to try again, you instead are (usually) pushed back behind several other events.(Spoilers) A good example is on the third night. You'll need to cross through Funtime Foxy's domain and then perform maintenance on Funtime Freddy. If you fail either of those events, you'll have to complete both over again.Similarly, while the game may give you vague directions on what it expects you to do, often times, it's still very unclear on what you actually need to do, resulting in you performing the same ""puzzles"" over and over again until you get it right. Othertimes it is simply downright hard and frustrating to complete a task simply on how it is designed.I don't have a problem with mini games and puzzles, far from it. But when players are complaining on Reddit, when players have to do the same task over and over and over again, it seems like there may need to be some tweeking involved to balance out the difficulty a little.This was clearly one of Scott's best works. And I applaud him on his effort, he did well. But for players who are not nearly as engaged to the franchise, this can be a frustrating experience that will ultimately cause them to quit playing. I really wish STEAM had a middle of the road decision for rating games besides recommending the game or not, because it isn't a bad game by any means.For die hard fans of the franchise, who love Scott and his games, then it's simple, I recommend for you to play the game, it's not even a question. For people who  have been casually following the game and may want to check it out, not so much, those players would be better left to watching a playthrough on YouTube where they don't have to deal with the frustration.As for me? I got involved in the franchise because of the story and less because of the scares, because ultimately as you are exposed to the jumpscares they will gradually lose their impact on how they effect you, to the point you are completely unmoved. For me, personally, I wouldn't recommend this game to my friends or family."
,Not Recommended,506610,25912995,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Bιѕcυιт𝓷𝓲𝓷𝓳𝓪,I love this game WHEN IT WORKS i only got to have it work twice getting  stuck on night two ♥♥♥♥ING FIX THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥ i waited on stream for 10 minutes for something to happen and nothing did i will play this again but not till i have my update fiing night 2 being broken i almost had night 3 done but died. then the game breaking glitch came back. ♥♥♥♥ing fix it then i will enjoy the game
76561198193659371,Not Recommended,506610,29989000,Posted: 17 February,all,BOT Vladimir,m8 why
,Recommended,506610,25910071,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,HRH Gordon III,WAY better then fnaf 1-4. creepy story. creepy atmospher. not just jumpscares. and kinda funny at points
76561198275777338,Recommended,506610,25928727,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,sumner.connor,this game is the best game i own
76561198137022909,Recommended,506610,25912191,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Gonker The Squirrel,"Scott, Amazing work this game is so awesome and really scary i really enjoy this game and will continue to do so in my time playing it. Thank you for such an awesome game. :DI Definately Recommend This Game To All Major Fnaf Fans.And if your not a fan then i still recommend it to you."
,Recommended,506610,25908034,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,samantha,10/10 i love this game
,Not Recommended,506610,30406641,Posted: 9 March,all,BossaNova,"What a break from the originals that did not work.  What probably bothers me the most about this game is the addition of comedy to scenes that could be very tense with just some ambient noise.  Like when you are trying to manually restart the generator. You are in the room with the animatronic and he's shouting at you in this high pitched snarky voice.  Or when you get home and that TV show about some damn low life vampire is playing.There was a post made by the creator of this game saying that the content of the game was too adult for the target auidence and he would be revising it.  This was supposed to be a joke, but I wonder.  The original was genuinely terrifying because of a combination of atmosphere, sound, and so much more.  None of the things that made that game great collided with each other or removed you from the horror.Below the addition of comedy to a ""horror"" game:-There's way, WAY to much narration.  Every damn room you enter someone is talking in your ear.-This is much more linear style of game, which means the previous worrying about the possibilty of Foxy charging or having keeping track of multiple things that want you dead, you are just kind of in for the ride dealing with whatever is thrown at you.  That actually gives you sense of safety knowing that the danger is just what is presented at the current moment there is no variable that could catch you off guard.A pitiful horror game.  Only thing that will spook you is watching the jumpscares for the first time."
,Not Recommended,506610,25943901,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,CloudX4,"The story is intriguing as always in a FNAF game, but sadly that seems to be the only enjoyable thing is this installment, nights 1-3 are highly enjoyable, for the first time, and you find that its just holding your hand for the most part, not like the other games, until night 4, where the difficulty might of been on junior mode before it ramps up to expert really quickly, with high demand for precision and timing, even after the patch, when it was made easier, but only by a nats wing, the same precision demands are present in the minigame(s) and night 5 with literally NO margin for error, which send you back to the start of the night, in true FNAF tradition, but with the new layout of the game, than previous FNAF games you would think that once youve reached a certain point checkpoints may be implemented to keep the scares fresh and the tensions riding high and steady, but nope, being forced to start the night again because of  high demands on precision and timing, starts to get to you, the voice acting/dialogue and the long time to get to the section you died on will become infuriating, its less of a horror game and now more a rage game, the only things truly interesting about this installment is the story and visuals. 3/10"
76561198170059307,Recommended,506610,25911125,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Popplio,This game is great I love how the story goes with this and how the game goes and what it offers for you to survive ech night thank you Scott.This is by far the best FNAF I have ever played never the same always different keep making some good gmes out there Scott Cawthon. :)P.S. I beat night 4 before the update MLG glasses for me!
,Recommended,506610,25908697,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,zhzelda3,great so far nad intreging can't spell
76561198029725850,Recommended,506610,26014243,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,bev,hi
,Recommended,506610,25909277,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ιτsᴍᴇᴊᴏsʜιᴇ,Its gooduntil you do surgeon simulator on Freddyand you have to catch Bonniethats.. evil scottkeep bonnie on the HAND PLEASE10/10 would have a puppet crawl on the ground again..very scary
,Recommended,506610,25917280,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Eugene Luigi Krabs,"Great game thats much different than the first series, really enjoying the jumpscares once again!"
76561198218860841,Recommended,506610,25974147,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,brendanwb07,fnaf new game  i love it and its got good animashins
76561198279177426,Recommended,506610,25973625,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Wolfbit_The_Wolf,TO SPOOK 4 MESO SCARY OMGIM SO SPOKE
76561198336474542,Recommended,506610,25936924,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Hipmunk29,THIS IS THE BEST FNAF GAME EVER I CAN'T WAIT FOR FNAF WORLD TO GET ALL THESE COOL AMAZING CHARATER'S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198263132179,Not Recommended,506610,33867799,Posted: 28 July,all,RoxieFox,Somehow managed to play 32 minutes of a game i cant even actually play :(cant even play it due to it crashing right after the first words from central intelligence
76561198298618516,Recommended,506610,25926261,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,FireBurst87,"dear scott this has tourture in it dude not cool, but the walking around is a plus"
,Not Recommended,506610,35457921,Posted: 3 October,all,[EG:RP] Jiggly Puffdaddy,"It sucks, and It's to easy. I managed to beat every single night and even all custom nights in only 3 hours, the last bit of hours (3/15.8 hours) I was just ♥♥♥♥ing around with it hoping to find something t enjoy. So far the only thing I enjoyed was staring at the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fanart by the fans. 3/10 I'd rather stick my♥♥♥♥♥♥in anthill than play this game again. Uninstall ASAP."
,Recommended,506610,26081343,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,"Willard ""sausage is made"" Wyler",You've totally been SCOOPED bro
,Not Recommended,506610,26337622,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,RadderssGaming,"The game lacks basic functionality such as being able to change from fullscreen to windowed, or volume controls. The controls are clunky and bug out a lot, and the game is extremely tedious, repetitive and boring. You can't pause the game either. This honestly isn't even worth the money for me.I got scared once, and then I just got bored with doing the same thing over and over for 20+ minutes just to get past a small part of one of the nights. If you enjoy tedious, monotonous 'gameplay' then go ahead and get it but I cannot recommend this in any way to anyone. Sorry."
76561198313564630,Recommended,506610,28854089,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sticky Keys,"Really good game,night 4 was a little hard but overall it's a great game."
76561198296417249,Recommended,506610,28294247,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Freddy_FazbearYT,hey Scott Cawthon i dont like it that on night3 when you have to fix freddy and when you die your all the way back to your office plz fix it im stuck on it!! so plz because i wanna play the custom nights as soon as possible thxYours scincerlyYour fan
76561198263942680,Recommended,506610,28426775,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,waterawayguttering,night 4 to hard plz make eser in next update
,Recommended,506610,29816830,Posted: 9 February,all,SwaggyZ,Scary Game xD
76561198332783447,Recommended,506610,25990328,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,CrustStar,"Wow just wow, im making youtube for this and i just...im speechless i really dont know what to say its just wow"
,Recommended,506610,26079157,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,bokes,NIGHT 4 =[
76561198114368751,Recommended,506610,25908760,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mr.Orange?,This game is amazing. I died on night 2 but the horror is real.
76561198293756336,Recommended,506610,25908947,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MrNick360,it is way to hard
,Recommended,506610,26005716,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,AshotGlassOfWhiskey,I cant get past night 4
,Recommended,506610,26006320,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,mathayus2112,"OMG VERY GAME GOOD AND COOL LOOK MOVE, VERY COOL WALK, NEW ALL CHARACTER, NIGHT 1 VERY EASY, NIGHT 2 VERY NOT BAD, NIGHT 3 GOOD OR OK, NIGHT HARD, NIGHT 5 LAST STARS 3 VERY HEADEST, I VERY HAPPY THIS GOOD GAME MY LIFE PLAY FOR FNAF 1,2,3,4,WORLD,SL OMG THIS VERY LOVE IT BEST THIS GAME, VERY BEST MORE THIS FNAF SL  ENJOY, AND FUN BUT VERY ALL JUMPSCARES WAS AWLAYS WAY SCRAED!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) :) :) THANKS FOR Scott Cawthon.THANKS TO YOU FOR READING"
76561198208439073,Recommended,506610,25990954,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Good Looking French Fry,THIS GAME SCARED THE PIXELS OUT OF ME WITHOUT THE GAME DOING A SINGLE THING! THATS HOW SCARY THIS GAME IS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #imawimp!
,Recommended,506610,25909209,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Endo,"It's very different than the first 4 FNaF games, but in a good way."
,Recommended,506610,25987648,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,AlucarD,"""Best FNAF everExotic Butters/10"" -IGN-"
76561198030763150,Not Recommended,506610,25929745,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,AriesB,I like the story part of it but some of the mini games are not clear on what you should be doing; messing up on one means it'll take 5 minutes to get back to where you were. What should be funny scares or ahh you got me have turned into a seriuous inconvenience because I don't want to have to crawl through funtime foxy's room 10 times. This game is a headache.
76561198112505171,Recommended,506610,26021736,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Mr Meep,anyone who likes games that kill you alot this might be for you otherwise its good. btw hello and welcome to sister location we make sure you not overwelmed :D (while 40% of people are like  OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH NOOOO THE ANAMTRANACSGUNNAKILLME)
,Recommended,506610,26016247,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Foxy the nightmare fox,soooooooooooooo scary.... scott.... this better not be the end..... jucy story+unbelieveable terror=this whole series
,Recommended,506610,26062625,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Gaming Bonnie 360,l live five nights at fraddy sistar location
76561198206570904,Recommended,506610,26057933,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,fishers1967,"Well, where to start? I'll begin by saying that it's nice for Scott to try and correct the errors of FNaF 4 (the lore being too vague, it simply being a rehash of the first game's mechanics etc), but Sister Location could have been better. In terms of the good, huge steps were indeed taken in the form of voice acting, which adds a new level of both terror and intrigue to the animtronics, as well as actual movement to different rooms. Due to the game's engine, this feature was of course limited to ""point-and-click"" and basic WASD, but Scott made the most of what he had available. Also, the idea of each night being unique and centred around completing different tasks was a fresh take, something this franchise desperately needed.However, the great shame comes in the fact that the concept of something different every night, which is the main gameplay aspect of the game, isn't carried out very well. Many of the game's mechanics are either explained poorly, too easy, or too hard. There's no sense of balance or stability for the majority of the nights. For me, sneaking through Ballora Gallery and repairing Funtime Freddy in Parts/Service are the only bits of the game that feel immersive. The rest is a whole bunch of talking, which I understand is for explaining the lore, but again there is no balance between it and the gameplay. Shocking the animatronics could have gone further in terms of a mechanic, but it just feels abandoned, and I feel the same about many other parts of the game. The horror aspect also rarely makes a decent appearance.Overall, Sister Location is on a 50/50 basis with me. I like how it took the series in a new direction and proposed various new gameplay mechanics or ways to tell the story, but it falls flat in many of these ideas that have great potential on paper. Lately the FNaF games have been declining when it comes to replayability value (to be honest they didn't have much to begin with) but this time it came to a new low. There is virtually no reason to play through all the game's nights from start to finish more than once, especially considering the abomination that has come to be known as...Night 4. Nevertheless, I'll recommend this game since I feel like it will serve as an experiment, to see how people feel about a new take on this game series which, as of now, has an uncertain future."
76561198307736628,Recommended,506610,28191364,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Juan punch man,this game is 10/10also scott if you are reading this some people are hacking the game to skip nights by searching %appdata% and going to MMF aplications to skip the nights so like can you fix this or somthing i dont like cheaters.
,Recommended,506610,28186172,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Mike,"The best, but not the scariest FNAF game.A must-buy for a true fan of the series.And don't get me wrong, the game IS scary as all heck to me.Custom Night adds this weird FNAF2 crazy challenge vibe to the game :)9/10Good story, has Funtime Freddy, which because of the deranged looks AND crazy good acting, makes it the best animatronic yet!Yes, I said IT. Robots don't have genders"
76561198182357574,Recommended,506610,28213972,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,leif.rice,Good game sofas only night 2 but fun
76561198347708211,Recommended,506610,28171549,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Infectedgamer40,Literally the greatest game that i have EVER seen!!!  This game is FREAKING SCARY!!!!!!!!!  I almost fell out of my chair when Funtime Foxy Jumpscared me!!!
,Recommended,506610,28251386,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Rodrigo Duterte,The secret ending with ennard is so hard!!! Like the power is so fast on turning down!!! I have tried every single way ot win it! I even look at the cameras so fast that some people might not even see what i check on the camera! Pls make the power last long! PLs!
76561198248857198,Recommended,506610,25908495,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,beshorefamily,I got to a part in night 2 but then i can't avoid bidybab. Scott please reply if you see this.
76561197983593094,Recommended,506610,25919601,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,person who cant aim,"as expected from Scott, it was new and it was good.  Different scare mechanics with a bit of the old mechanics.  LOVE IT"
76561198123799550,Recommended,506610,25920379,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Demon_gamers7,is too hard on night 4 but is a good game and i do recommend it
,Recommended,506610,25911064,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,mm173,"Scott is at it again. This changed the FNaF plot. You roam around, there's no 12AM or 6AM (or maybe there is), IT'S CRAZY!!! There's now voice acting for the animatronics. They can finaly speak their pain.Scott, you've changed people's lives. Thanks for making Five Nights at Freddy's 5."
76561198271758100,Recommended,506610,25919611,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Trunks Briefs,<3 Great job Scoot
,Recommended,506610,25992095,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Austinbot321,"Amazing Game, Keep making them scott :)"
76561198317029488,Recommended,506610,26072824,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,PinkSheepYT9,Awesome Game i did get stuck under the desk but in 1.2 it was fixed for me but in 1.0 i wasable to get out if under the desk but i had to restart the game and when you have to rebootthe power manully i can never get past the part where you have to reboot it i can get thruthe gallery tho.
,Recommended,506610,25991476,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,s p r u n k e d,"k scott no more games pls, even tho this was good"
,Not Recommended,506610,30998860,Posted: 7 April,all,Bubba JJ,"It was fun... The first timeThe Five Nights at Freddy's Series is a good collection of games, that when played in short bursts can prove to be very entertaining, though as we all know. The Five Nights series are all the same game but in different places, there isn't really anything new worth buying this installment for. Though you can walk around ***Sometimes***, the game still feels really linear and scripted.The voice acting in this game is good though, a first in the series for the animatronics to have voices, but just like walking around, the voices are only meant for scripted events.Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location is a very short game, taking around 30 minutes to complete if you know what you are doing, there is no real difficulty in this game if you have fast reflexes and can work under pressure. Even if you do end up dying the jump scares in this game are not scary at all, and seem very ""forced"".You should only buy this game if you have played the other games and wish to continue the vast story of the Five Nights series.Don't get this game expecting  masterpiece... Its not. Its mediocre, and I don't celebrate mediocrity 6/10"
,Not Recommended,506610,30542495,Posted: 16 March,all,Spiffo,"EDIT: I have gotten so many dislikes on my 2 FNAF reviews which represent the current stages of most games. The main audience is toddlers. Same rinse and repeat gameplay. Children are one of the things that is currently ruining the gaming industry. They dont belong here! They call over their mothers that give zero structure to them and scream at them to watch them play their games.They just come home from school, open up their tablets and play Call Of Duty or some other rinse and repeat or dumbed down trash. Dont get triggered kiddies. Is it not time for you guys to go to bed? Doesnt Steam, Playstation and Xbox have an age restriction?? Only god can save gaming...Is this really the only way ""Tripple AAA and NexGen"" companies make money? feeding on these mindless children as they empty out their mother's credit card and throw her in debt?PREVIOUS REVIEW:So repetitive I thought I was playing Five nights at freddy's one again.Here come the hating squeaker comments!"
,Not Recommended,506610,31262110,Posted: 20 April,all,bradyhk277,"By far the worst in the series, for the asking price of over 7.99 USD this game should have had a lot more to the game play.PROS.You don't have to hunt down the story.You get to eat popcorn and exotic buttersCONS. Game play is bad. Missing Horror elements. Game is COMPLETELY different than the series, even missing staple mechanics.. Only part of the game that is scary is the end has doors to close"
76561198148536928,Not Recommended,506610,30531376,Posted: 15 March,all,JustAnOtter,"This game is possibly the worst horror title i've ever seen, the gameplay is heavily structured and with very little variety.The ""challenges"" that you are provided with are more like puzzles that might be fun to figure out if they weren't interlaced with bad directions and ear-piercing jumpscares.  It's devoid of any actual fun and I wouldn't recommend buying it unless you just want to finish the FNAF ""storyline"". I'll now be asking for a refund."
76561198162952960,Recommended,506610,25908098,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,dvirginia1969,this game is the best out of the 5 fnaf games
76561198159583827,Not Recommended,506610,25912011,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,big bang bazinga bing bong,paid actual money for this gamesat in a desk for two hoursquality
76561198067495610,Not Recommended,506610,26278846,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sheriff Looney Mc Booney,Literally ♥♥♥♥ing Garbage 9/11
76561198197730302,Not Recommended,506610,31572010,Posted: 5 May,all,A T O M I C,jump spooks are NOT scary the atmosphere is ok at best game is ranges from medicore to badand the story is very VERY over complicated i will admit its better then the other entrys in the series thobut hey if you got sometime to kill and you really want to get into fnaf you should buy this
,Not Recommended,506610,26138015,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Johnny the bad boy,the breaker room makes me go all the way back to the office to get back every time i lose please fix this so I can retry right away
,Not Recommended,506610,32836533,Posted: 26 June,all,Bazz Games,"Definitely a game that's more fun when other people are playing it, and they can cut out all of the annoying, repetitive gameplay and get to the juicy story, which is pretty interesting."
,Not Recommended,506610,33326146,Posted: 6 July,all,IsaacThePotato,"this is a pretty bad game, i think that FNaF 4 would have been a great ending to the series."
76561198244976766,Recommended,506610,28298990,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Jason Bourne,where should i start on this gameFNAF sl is the fifth series in the fnaf series where you work as a late night technician at Cirus Baby's pizza worl with new animactronics but with everyones fav bear Freddy and the overated 5 year old god Foxy. This game blew me away and is a game i can always enjoy and come back to enjoying the screams and me falling off my chair and breaking my computer. This game murders computers. This introduced Purple guy's name William Afton and showed off what he has been through.ProsAmazing story lineGreat voice actingCreep setting and musicVery funny humorNew GameplayYou can moveInteresting storyHard challengesConsYou have to follow a step by step to get past challengesYou have to listen to the computer voiceSummary: a great game 8/10 so a A. This is my 2nd favourtie fnaf game but its 100% worth playingBEST FNAF GAMES (including fnaf world)1) FNAF 12) FNAF SL3) FNAF WORLD4) FNAF 25) FNAF 46) FNAF 3
76561198089290780,Not Recommended,506610,25928228,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ComboGameplay,This is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198275737416,Recommended,506610,25910055,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,InfiniteAnimations,Awesome Game and terrifying jumpscares. This has got to be my favourite FNAF game so far!
76561198067705711,Recommended,506610,25908003,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,WARacing,"It was an amazing game scott, love the roaming in ballora gallery and the challenge with Funtime Freddy. hahaha good fricken job dude"
76561198269265883,Recommended,506610,26497550,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,bipster2001,I hate the game never wanted it
76561198155342262,Recommended,506610,25908705,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,scottyv,dope
76561198389874672,Recommended,506610,33479754,Posted: 12 July,all,tannerbryce,hi scot i wanted to tell you somthing can you send me a product of sister locashen  2  i am a fan ive put fnaf5 8 hours on record and 24 hours on record on fnaf3 bye.
,Not Recommended,506610,25929471,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,PewDiePie,trash why buy it when you could watch some other sucker
,Recommended,506610,25935661,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Matt,So when do I get to hold Baby by the pigtails and do her in the robot hole?
,Recommended,506610,25921857,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,noodlerex1 (☢NBG☢),scott you have outdone yourself the game is amazing besides the main character being killed but it made sense on why he got killed but besides that the gameplay is amazing i would recomend for new people get it now you dont now what your  missing
76561198202323480,Not Recommended,506610,29360076,Posted: 19 January,all,kahtalin,The game is great but no auido plays from night 2 onward making it impossioble to play
,Recommended,506610,25986646,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,felyx :],19/87 would bite again.
76561198262398620,Not Recommended,506610,29618696,Posted: 31 January,all,RAPTORMH53,This game took a long time to finish I wouldn't recommend BUYING it...it's literally better to watch people on YouTube play it
76561198320519199,Not Recommended,506610,35309974,Posted: 29 September,all,⛓Corey Taylor⛓,S.........................H.....................I..........................T
,Recommended,506610,25940765,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,StudifiGames,This game is so good i LOVE it you need this (horror) game!!!!!!
76561198013680785,Recommended,506610,25909230,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Stoned Solo,im was the first to play it i got it on 10am
,Not Recommended,506610,34109556,Posted: 8 August,all,electricraft,"for me, this game is kinda cool, but night 2 with freddy gets way to hard, don't get me wrong, the under the desk thing was cool and the first ballora part was awesome, but freddy, oh jeez freddy, you have to yolo it just to stand a chance, yolo it MULTIPLE times, honestly, idk how ur supposed to pass it."
76561198253038783,Recommended,506610,26189192,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,hrlizardman,its amazing best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,25907902,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,AwesomeUndeadYT,love the game but the mouse control keeps sliding
76561198229645116,Not Recommended,506610,29651358,Posted: 2 February,all,Pitbull27,i cant ♥♥♥♥ing get my refund
76561198398976157,Not Recommended,506610,33286950,Posted: 5 July,all,ninner234verified,how come on night three im tryin to press the button on the puppet but he wont ever appear and I just get jumpscared? :/
76561198208697765,Recommended,506610,25938915,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,IG12,YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! ♥♥♥♥ING COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL!!!!!!!! GG man im YT that♥♥♥♥♥♥at DatGriefer678.
76561198036405079,Recommended,506610,25918064,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Jason's Cum Dumpster,10/10 im in love with the bear scott please let me marry him
,Recommended,506610,25918104,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,✪ Clayborg | 박산그리,"(Note: I blacked out anything that can be considered a spoiler for the few people who live under a rock and havent seen this game on youtube within the few hours its been released. Read at your own risk. Also, this review is not meant to offend anyone including Scott Cawthon. This review is my experience with the game so far)As they always say, Always start with the bad news.The negatives of Fiev knights at Freggys: Unknown Location-If it wern't for those who jumped right on the FNAF:SL band wagon and posted youtube videos within the hour, I would've never gotten tothe springlock/puppet thingpart of the game (which I cant beat)-Game is vague at some points, Difficult to understand what to do-crossing Ballora and Funtime Foxy's rooms is nerve racking at first, But quickly becomes tedious-I'm 16 and your target market is 8-12 year olds? nice to see another reason for kids to wreak their rooms out of rage besides CoD-Same click engine junk, Just without the cameras.-Whoever is on the intercom rattles on more than the man on the from the first game-Recycled characters again- Garry's Mod workshop is going to get bombed by more garbage FNaF ragdolls doing buttstuff. then again that happens everytime you pump out a new FNaF- The top review was written by someone with Freddy as their profile picture. Shocking(no pun intended)The Positives of 5-8 business days at Freddy Kruguers-Game looks good (for a point and click)-Tries throwing in humor here and there, Not overly funny but enjoyable (Reminds me of GLaDOS)-The cartoon played between nights is the most dramatic and intense thing about the game (She could do soooooo much better than him)- Story is great. a lot more lore than the vague details that are only noticed if MatPat picks them apart- Didn't flop like FNaF world (FNaF world? whats that?)- Good voice acting. I see you kidnapped more creepy children to help out- Your army of diehard, Easily triggered fan boys grows ever stronger Scott. You'll be ready to invade Canada by late November9/10 Five Nights in The Elevator is a good game, Jumpscares are plentiful, Scott Cawthon has once again made a game that you'd see from a team of 15+ developers, by himself. You've made some  truely quality content and even made a new Genre in gaming."
76561198052368485,Not Recommended,506610,34731700,Posted: 4 September,all,davidmvp010,I thought FNaF 3 was bad until I played this one. Doesn't have the same feel as the others.FNaF 2 > 1 > 4 > 3 > SL
76561198045284479,Recommended,506610,28165239,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,VenomousCody,Hightly recommends this game. still scares me when it makes me jump.
76561198344976786,Recommended,506610,28171108,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,kaycishows,it wont let me put down thereset thing
76561198339455807,Recommended,506610,28166860,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Giovanni221827,It's really scary & I would definitely recommend getting this game again!!!
,Recommended,506610,25909210,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,CameronF305,"AMAZING, I did a Live review on my youtube channel and i loved it!"
76561198316042475,Recommended,506610,25919315,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,The Doctor,I LOVE THIS GAME this is amazing scary has voice acting kinda free rome or something funny and the same time best fnaf game ever in history! :D :D :D :D :D :D
76561198309589455,Not Recommended,506610,26053706,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,xXProGamingXx,this go's so quick and is so boring i want my money back
,Recommended,506610,25914790,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,pop tart,This was awesome!
76561198056545608,Not Recommended,506610,25939431,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Gore,"i like the gameplay from the first, second, and fourth FNAF, but the gameplay from this one plays like a ""Dora the Explorer"" game, thats the best way I can describe it.The game however packs a cool story. And as always, the art is wicked cool.but halfway through playing the game, i was so sick of playing the game myself anf repeatedly dying over and over again playing boring♥♥♥♥♥minigames and wasteing my time that i realised I would rather watch markiplier play it on youtube than experiencing it myself. My conclusion is: Don't buy the game for 7 or 8 dollars, just watch youtube. playing this game gives me a mid-life crisis."
76561198321593333,Recommended,506610,25912181,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Rainbow,I Loved It. Theres So Much Puzzles You Haved To Go Threw And The REAL ENDING Was Amazing. Nice Work Scott. I Give Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location 10/10 Stars.
,Recommended,506610,25907560,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,LeKappa,"Really different from the general games. More tense, and with more objectives, instead of sitting in a desk waiting for something.Scott, this may be your best game ever.Congratulations!10/10"
,Recommended,506610,25912165,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,🎃HalloweenPigSFM🎃,its the best game ever but night 2 hard i recommend this game
,Recommended,506610,26090930,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Phantomized,Best Game Ever 10/10Would Rage Again.
76561198335435391,Recommended,506610,26005896,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,dragonslayer2379,This game and the first five nights at Freddy's won't work on my laptop.  Please help.
,Not Recommended,506610,26176144,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,The Circus Giraffe,"It's very different from the other FNaF games. Instead of surviving the night from 12 to 6AM you have to do a set objective. It's very interesting but gets kinda repetitive after a while.Hopefully the upcoming custom night will be good.Edit: The new custom night is out, I haven't had a chance to play yet, but it looks fun."
,Not Recommended,506610,26016809,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,bluefoxbarker,you guys and gals know night 3?your faced up against an offline freddy and his hand puppet bonnie.  As you take the power core or whatever it is out of freddy the hand puppet begins to roam.  I am aware of what to do and that is keep bonnie on the edge of your light and when they expose their button you click it right?yenow do that WHEN BONNIE DOESN'T POP UP IN THE 1ST PLACE
76561198325026955,Recommended,506610,25908186,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,f0xite,IT'S AMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZZZZZZZZZZINNNNNNNNNNG!!!
76561198142032927,Recommended,506610,25961498,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,kys,omg scott...you dun it again made another GREAT game im so bad at it....lol bit it is SOOO COOL
,Recommended,506610,25907777,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,🎃 Cybones 🎃,"It's a good game but, Night 2 is very hard.Any Tips?"
76561198349702807,Recommended,506610,28848928,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DylanOonk06,this is realy scary and fun to play
76561198316154523,Recommended,506610,25935246,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Marsha Tucker,its a fun game but the minnireenas are anoying maybe if night 4 was easier it'll be a fun game.
76561198043761802,Recommended,506610,25907444,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ThatFatKid,Already♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants 10/10 would play againNow I need new underwear :(
,Recommended,506610,26057198,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,hadfieldn,"WHY ISN'THIS FOR MAC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I know its fun because at a friends house I played it but, PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ MAKE IT WORK FOR MAC"
,Recommended,506610,28172686,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,jolyberna,how do you beat night 3 and 4
,Recommended,506610,28280042,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Internet Frog,shut the ♥♥♥♥ up night 4 is easy
76561198053305731,Recommended,506610,25914719,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,RenderTechnician,It's got a killer Bear that taunts you!!!!10/10 would nope again :D
76561198060437743,Recommended,506610,25908869,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,SLDL86,"Only so many minutes into the game. It is worth every bit of the wait, Scott delivers a new spin on jumpscare horror using some old tricks as well as some new.  Even veterans of the FNAF franchise will get a good pulse pounding jump scare or two when they least expect it."
,Recommended,506610,25907539,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,SuperSkyPhoenix03,"Thank you, I enjoy this game."
76561198335076555,Not Recommended,506610,34495139,Posted: 25 August,all,geoffobossfight,poop
76561198024584893,Not Recommended,506610,26094692,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,btfrenchy,The gameplay is boring and tedious and the story feels like a cop out of the lore that was already established. If you must have every FNaF game then obviously buy it. If you want a good game to play I recommend you sit this one out.
76561198055990240,Not Recommended,506610,26055724,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,..Donald Trump..,"It is heavy with dialogues that become eternal, there is no option to disable the dialogues them, has no subtitles, no graphics options, I prefer other games better than this even without the above options. I was scared with the other games, with this I do not scare me."
,Recommended,506610,25910093,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,boy mayor of second life,"♥♥♥♥. This game is actually good.Im currently on night 2, i just got jumpscared by the bear one (i forget her name) and have to redo that part. But let me tell you. This game. Its actually good. It has dialog, and that dialog is hilarious, not to mention we have some actual names. Im excited to get to the end of this. Its legitimately scary with some humor put in. Please play it."
,Not Recommended,506610,26053851,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,BlakeLeavon,"This game is not okay, don't waste your money kiddos.Mechanics were frustrating, every time you die you have to start from the beginning of the f**king dialogue, NO SKIPPING THE DIALOGUE!!! At least in the first two games or so you could SKIP the phone calls. You'll have to go out of your way to get the endings which honestly aren't worth it, especially if you have to sit through multiple dialogue lines over and over again. The cupcake minigame also makes no sense and the lore isn't there.Not worth....:salt:"
76561198282366848,Not Recommended,506610,31618542,Posted: 7 May,all,penguin,너무 재미가 없엉
,Not Recommended,506610,31256419,Posted: 20 April,all,Tegdig,"I didn't really enjoy the game much, but I got it free so I can't really complain."
,Not Recommended,506610,26086763,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Spookfuls,"This game is just atrociously boring. Not because it's different, or it's not the normal style Scott uses, but just because there is repetitive, long sequences of the game where you're forced to stand in a pitch black room and consider it to be suspenseful. I was never really sold on jumpscare games as is, even if the original series were pretty creative in that regard, but now I'm just mindlessly being told to walk through a dark hallway over and over again because a hand puppet is a bit disgruntled. For those who are engaged in the story this might be worthwhile, but as for the gameplay I really can't say this was worth it."
76561198376513429,Not Recommended,506610,31814449,Posted: 17 May,all,titilepatate,"The railer was hyping me so much but when I got the game, I have been disapointed. It seems to have a fast gameplay but it is not. Furthermore the story is much harder to understands than the previous game . Hope that the next game ( if it come) will be better."
76561198344341776,Recommended,506610,28610132,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,charityj456,It wont work for me becuse I DONT HAVE A DESKTOP A FRICKEN DANG DESKTOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IIIIIIII HHHHHHAAAAATTTTTTEEEEE IIIIIITTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198271859829,Recommended,506610,28243042,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,NuclearGaming64,Scott plez plez plez plez!!!!!!!!! make night 4 easyer plezzz!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its so hard ive been stuck on it for so long..........1 month and a half pleeeezzzzzzzz!!!!!!!!!! make it easyer :):):) because if i dont pass it i cant do costom night!! and i really wont to pass the game plez plez plez
,Recommended,506610,28208695,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Rafeski,amazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazingamazing!
,Recommended,506610,27367619,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,It's just a chaild,11/10spoopy
76561198046151470,Recommended,506610,25911049,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,sportacus,the scooper looks like an axe 10/10also... minireena...why...
,Recommended,506610,25911051,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,That Taste Good,BEST GAME EVER DONT STOP SCOTT UR WIFE AND UR MOMS HAPPY THIS GAME IS MEH ♥♥♥♥♥♥!
76561198120805356,Not Recommended,506610,28881493,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,"blank7278 G.E.W.P ,PGN",2SPOOKY4ME I REKTAMEND NAT 2 TRAY AT translation 2SPOOKY4ME I RECOMMEND NOT TO TRY IT
76561198334114782,Not Recommended,506610,28576743,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,icf583,night 4 is so hard you dont even have a choice
,Not Recommended,506610,30946711,Posted: 4 April,all,Lord Spycrab,Ew
76561198335437629,Recommended,506610,25987379,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,BK1987M8,"I have 1 theorie is that, WHY ARE THESE ROBOTS KILLER MACHINES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198179694621,Recommended,506610,25908638,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,RIP.GABE.THE.DOG PL,♥♥♥♥ DIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS TO SPUKY
,Not Recommended,506610,35093342,Posted: 20 September,all,MLBlue,"Well finally played all the FNAF games to see what the hype was about.  It all sucks.  Maybe a couple laughs here and there, some ideas that might have been neat if done better, otherwise it should be just called Anxiety and Tedium simulator.  Cant skip cutscenes either, had to also consult community guides to know what the hell I should be doing (on all the games!)  I suppose its only good for kids that love to do the same repetitive tasks over and over.  No one with any maturity/ intelligence will stand this series for long.  Dont waste your money on any of them like I did, I doubt I will return to any of them anytime soon.  Five Nights at Freddy's?  More like Five Nights at ♥♥♥♥ This."
76561198335223539,Not Recommended,506610,25916170,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,aalex7764,This game makes no sense and it has many bugs on night 4 and wont work correctly i do not recomend this game and the jump scares are not scary.b Get this game if you want to get angry or just bored.
76561198411121360,Not Recommended,506610,34620489,Posted: 30 August,all,welsha2007,dose'nt work not loading
76561198221477752,Recommended,506610,25960438,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Red_Liam,it is fun but it always glitches so i have to re download it im so mad i wasted money on it :c.
,Not Recommended,506610,29406626,Posted: 21 January,all,XboxKidYT,It lunches when u didnt click on it and i dont have a viris and The Custum night is imposible
,Recommended,506610,25985851,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,itsrobby,OMG BEST FNAF GAME YET I LOVE IT OMGOMGOMG CHECK OUT MY INSTERGRAM fish4uk_bff_rhm2006
76561198011389547,Recommended,506610,25907797,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Spooky Mercer,Pretty good/10.
76561198319325443,Not Recommended,506610,34873873,Posted: 10 September,all,crazyfox10109,this gamje sucvked lijkew the ending of tokipo gould sealson 578
76561197982911037,Not Recommended,506610,25919333,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Janglemangle,"I got this game cause I am a long time fan of the series. I was vary hyped about this game with all the effort that was put into it... only to be left vary upset and disappointed. it felt nothing like a game. more like a beginning tutorial for a game. The voice acting was good and it was nice to have someone by your side. it felt like portal 2. but with all the lack of everything the series is good for and the disappointment again from Scott about the characters and story, I have to say Scott I'm sorry but I had to refund this one. you left a long time good fan of the series disappointed. I love the idea of FNaF world and I really enjoyed that. it was a game( that lasted longer then an hour and it had it's spooky and fun moments) but this? forget it, it was not scary and the jump scares feel they were placed there because of how they were in the series. walking in the dark and travelling from place to place cause you had to. not cause you had a choice or option to.. yeah I can go on and on. but at the end of the day I just refund it back. This might be the stop of it for me. I love the series but this one left a bad taste in my mouth.. Yeah I'm sorry Scott Great effort but a huge let down for the series. also scott I am done with all the trolling you have done with all the characters... after FNaF world I thought it would change but sadly I was mistaking. This here is no game.. you are better off playing the older games in the series. FNaF 2 will always be my fave.Thanks Scott.."
,Not Recommended,506610,26147167,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,quack420,"Gameplay was so ♥♥♥♥ing boring that I googled the ending(s), turned out both were lackluster.I was annoyed into buying this game, and I absolutely regret it. If I was dared into buying this game again, I would rather just kill myself and use a skip in that Truth Or Dare game."
,Not Recommended,506610,29469800,Posted: 24 January,all,PicklePumper,"I think the appeal of the FNAF fandom is the real reason that this game is so highly rated.  It's bad.  Like, really bad.  It isn't intuitive or anything.  Hell, the first day you ""work"" you don't do anything. It's a tutorial...but the  bad part? It's a tutorial that you don't even use the following day.  You're guided to do everything until you hide under a desk in Night 2.  There is more time spent listening to the horrible narration of this game than there is spending time ACTUALLY PLAYING.  I've seen videos of the first game and at least with that one you're doing stuff in Night 1 and Night 2.  You're doing nothing in the first 2 nights other than hiding under a desk and wondering what the hell you do next.  It's stupid.Steer clear of this game unless you're a fan of mindlessness and confusion.  Scott Cawthon has found a way to lure simpletons into thinking he's making great games, and he may have with the first 5 of these.  But this one is just stupidity at a new level and proves that it's nothing more than cashing in on the FNAF name.4/10 - graphics look good on the main game.  Everything else is cheesy and pointless."
76561198190097946,Not Recommended,506610,33387356,Posted: 8 July,all,TeeVE,"What I like about This game is that the uninstall button works very well, good job youtubers. Alsothe only scary thing about this game is its community matpat keemstar kids.oh yea my friend bought me this game and I acused him for cyber bulling. because it made my eyes bleed"
76561198281437905,Recommended,506610,25907340,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,rudikennedy,amazing well done you sure knocked the spring out of my socket
76561198118245498,Not Recommended,506610,26006444,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Darkshots,half of my sounds dont even work
76561198276369974,Not Recommended,506610,25958620,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,IHasERER,"how was this the turd that took months to push out scott? i honestly expected more from you man! Dont buy this game, and no im not just some hater this is coming from a fnaf fan...... well now an ex-fnaf fan."
76561198084213203,Recommended,506610,25912195,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,JLAD2701,8/10
76561198165495522,Not Recommended,506610,34135925,Posted: 9 August,all,Sammy.Lawrence(SheepSheepSheep),CORRUPTED
,Not Recommended,506610,33678139,Posted: 20 July,all,Tekstar,"The Walking FNaF-There are zombie on this game-A card that does not mean anything-Mini-games without explanation-Not translate-We are obliged to obey a ♥♥♥♥ing voice off-Night 4 impossible-Gameplay is a♥♥♥♥♥♥-Me who was a fan of FNaF, I was very disappointed"
,Not Recommended,506610,33858443,Posted: 28 July,all,Sistine,Yay it a another fnaf game.Oh wait it ♥♥♥♥♥♥ another one...Just no
76561198334010224,Not Recommended,506610,30064973,Posted: 20 February,all,Memelord,"I can't get past night 2, you can't stop it from opening the door a 2nd time. I want a refund or tell me how to get past that part."
76561198059330972,Recommended,506610,25906877,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Ni🅱🅱a,"GG first review, Nice game interesting concept and I enjoyed the night 1 tutorial."
,Not Recommended,506610,25933084,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Kanna,Not even scaryJust ♥♥♥♥ing hardMfw cash grab
,Not Recommended,506610,28434607,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sirba,"This might be a good game, but as I use a laptop keyboard I cant seem to find the / key to throw in the first minigame. You should change it to some other more obvious key, or at least add a way to change the key bindings by our own."
,Not Recommended,506610,28168135,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,FullyX,"Just another overly hyped game is all, I can't even enjoy this game.Night 4 is nearly impossible even with the recent patch, this game expects you to have cat like reflexes.The storyline however is alright, its dark which is what I'd prefer over the ""child friendly"" things that you see.I'd give it a 4 / 10 tops due to Night 4.Wouldnt recommend."
,Recommended,506610,25908022,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Slowsodium,"Hey, that's pretty good!"
76561198307342074,Not Recommended,506610,29514434,Posted: 26 January,all,The milk chocolate,MAKE IT FOR MAC I HAD A windows but now i have mac T_T HALP ME
76561198046675266,Recommended,506610,29953887,Posted: 15 February,all,Dustin,"The latest addition to the FNaF series, and what a difference it is.You're no longer sitting in a still room, you still point and click at things but there's a lot more movement going on in this game like 4.You're in the robot facility underneath the house of Mr.Afton making sure the robots are in working order, when you find out something more sinister is going on.A great game which adds a lot more secrets to the story!7/10"
76561198145800751,Recommended,506610,25908820,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Spicy_MemeZ,Too Spoopy 4 Me!
76561198132123626,Recommended,506610,26069488,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Robo Spy 28-GM8,"╯┃╭╮┃┃╭╮┃╰▕╯╭▏▕╭┻┻┻┛┗┻┻┛ㅤ▕ㅤ╰▏ Me and spongebob played it, we both think it's both awesome and creepy at the same▕╰━━━┓ㅤㅤㅤ╭╮▕╭╮▏time.▕╭╮╰┳┳┳┳╯╰╯▕╰╯▏▕╰╯ㅤ┗┛┗┛ㅤㅤㅤ▕╮ㅤ▏▕ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ╭╮ㅤ▕╯ㅤ|"
76561198106549250,Not Recommended,506610,25971676,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Jimmeh,"Beating a dead horse springs to mind. This new installment in the♥♥♥♥♥♥show called the fnaf sequals yet again fails to live up to the original. I think the thing that made the first game so good was the power mechanic, and that was absent from all its sequals. The power added tension and abit of tactics. That the other games lack. As far as the sequals go it is a bit more interesting but still not as good as the original."
,Recommended,506610,25907392,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Yato csgogem.com,1 . Started the game2. Watched the intro3. Got scared.4. Closed the game5. cry in a corner while telling myself i'm not patethic10/10
76561198036561843,Not Recommended,506610,29512358,Posted: 26 January,all,Owlflame,"So.. my friend got me this game, and I gotta say. What a terrible experience.You start off on an elevator where you get an obvious joke of ""enter your name but don't really."" Then you're told the mechanics of zapping and stationing the villains and the vent system.Then on day 2, you have to hide under a desk and get ready to have an unfun tug of war with an unscary mech.My friend tells me you have to do that for a total of 12 in game hours and you know what? I don't want to. I have the right not to play poor games where I'm just having a tug of war with a jump scare. No thank you.Don't buy this game. It's boring, not scary, and a waste of your time. at least I can sleep happily tonight knowing I can keep someone from buying this horrible horrible product."
76561198219454540,Recommended,506610,25907356,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,360,omgWhen i saw it i said oh man i will buy itthx scott for your suportfiev star game!
76561198320861127,Not Recommended,506610,30659548,Posted: 21 March,all,Evan and Zach,This game is soooooooooooooooooooo scary!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,506610,25919165,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Duffy,-rep piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,506610,33820006,Posted: 26 July,all,Smitty.exe,"Jumpscares. Still Scott uses the most overused and boring cliche of Horror and it's not scary one bit, it's just ♥♥♥♥ing boring. And and the only thing Scott changed in this game is that you're not just sitting around on your♥♥♥♥♥ whole game there's a little more gameplay there's more voice acting but there than that it's still the same game which is still not scary one bit. And what happens at night 5? The same ♥♥♥♥ing things you did in the other four games. And it's gotten way too futuristic it's like Jason X, they took something that was a little bit creepy and made it so futuristic that's it's more stupid then scary, he honestly should have just stopped at FNAF 4 where the entire story explained but nope not enough Scott just has to keep adding more stuff to the story even though it's already explained. And there's even a theory that animatronics can mind control people how stupid is that? And I wonder what other unnecessary storylines are going to be in the movie once I'm actually surprised that it's actually happening and if this franchise keeps going for years from now nothing can save it after this movie Scott should just give up on the franchise already and just make a different game. And fnaf fanboys come at me"
76561198112363081,Not Recommended,506610,25959573,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ahbaby503,its lost the fnaf feel this is not a good fnaf game the fact that you couldn't move was scary and they took that out of the game and also there should not be a guide and finally the jumpscares should be a suprise in the other games everyones game play was diffrent this one is not like that
76561198154480677,Not Recommended,506610,26005971,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,JTNien,"The game was quick i beat in like 30 minutes is it scary??? Well i guess? it is ok look, its not very good the fnaf forumula is now mixed into something brand new in this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ franchise Cough fnaf 3 Cough, the game is more story drivin then gameplay is that bad thing well for me it is but for others it might not and the story is garbage and the voice acting is steller! i absoluty love it sorry for spelling it wrong ,-, anyway the gameplay its ok i mean i wish he would have used funtime freddy and foxy more, he used ballora and baby too much and made freddy and foxy just background characters and i know it's all about baby and stuff but it just wish he would have used them more and is the game easy heLL NAH IT AINT but i speed runed through it and the 2 ending are lame the ""real ending"" is more of a setup to make a sequel and the ""fake ending"" is also a setup for a sequel and no i have not done the fake ending yet and that end's my review of fnaf 5 Cough i mean sister location :) i give it 5/10 it aint the best it sure is a hell of a ride COUGH NIGHT 4 COUGH. oh one more then i dont recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,506610,26038366,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,YieldingBusiness,"Oh gosh, not another Five Nights at Freddy's...This game may seem like it's innovative and stuff, but trust me, multiple rooms that you can get into isn't much of an innovation if you ask me. I only got to experience the first two nights so I don't go over the limit required for a refund; eh, I can watch someone else play it, heard the game's too hard anyway. It looks pretty good graphics-wise, you can crawl through vents, ""perk up"" animatronics, and click on noses. But there's already enough of these games; if you want a good FNaF game, get the first and/or second one.Oh, and because there's all these Scott sympathisers, this game is somehow everywhere, you can't go anywhere without seeing it. Ew. It's disgusting. At least there was actual humor.I have an abnormal amount of hate towards the series, so take this review with a grain of salt."
76561198059621006,Not Recommended,506610,25914102,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DJGaming1234,"Scott, I love your games. I have all of them and love all of them. But this game just doesn't do it for me. Now I haven't beaten it yet but from the time I've played I almost don't want to finish it... I find myself getting stuck because the game is so vague about everything, and it's so tedious. Now I love the voice acting in this game. But thats really the only good thing I can say about this game. I really wanted this game to be something different, and while it was that, I feel it wasn't as good as it could have been. This game is poorly made, and the graphics aren't as good as the pictures make them out to be. That might be because he still is using clickteam I think. So unless your wanting to complete a collection of these games then get it!!! but if your a new comer to the series or just looking for a new game don't get it. Go get the first fnaf :)"
76561198089440751,Not Recommended,506610,26077103,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Badnana,"This game is terrible. This game is by far the worst fnaf game made yet. Zero actual gameplay. The entire game felt like it was a tutorial, I was just waiting for the real game to start, waiting for when I will use these things I am learning to survive the night. That never happened. Like I said, zero actual gameplay. Stop supporting Scott even when he makes a bad game."
,Not Recommended,506610,25936847,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,saturated.fat,"This game has been a big issue for me. It says its always running, so I cant acces it, it also says I cant delete it becuase its running, I cant open any games becuase its runing, becuase of this game I CANT USE STEAM!!! It is a waste of your money, and more importantly, your time."
,Recommended,506610,28177251,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Pubgee {GAME REVIEWER},"Date of purchase: 07/10/2016Reason of Purchase?: I love fnaf and wanted on release date.Did you pay or get a free copy: PayTime of purchase: 18:30ProsAmazing StorylineActually a storylineCustom night got added!!Good puzzling challenges (Springlock)ConsYou can't change the level of the animatronic manually unlike Fnaf 1 and 2.As this game is demanding for potato computers (unlike fnaf 1,2,3) , no settingsToo difficultMy rating score is 'Exotic Butters'Tip: Exotic Butters is 13/10"
76561198151781065,Not Recommended,506610,25908055,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Thegamingbros_yt_TGB,Im sorry Scott but i was exspecting one like the oringinal but i cant even get past the under the desk
,Not Recommended,506610,26006620,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,bad tiem tim,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,506610,25907705,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Seamair,Absolutely the best FNAF Game so far!You can really see how much effort Scott put into this game <3Also I had one Jumpscare so far. It was terrifying :D
,Recommended,506610,25907298,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The Fabulous DiesL,359/10would get ♥♥♥♥ed by a baby again.
,Not Recommended,506610,33943904,Posted: 1 August,all,hoxgsten randomflash,is shiter
,Not Recommended,506610,29366962,Posted: 19 January,all,scarilyosh,Why?
76561198337208058,Not Recommended,506610,28641398,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ClarinetMaster,"This game will not give me a refund! I have been trying for days and I can't get a refund from this game, I wasted my money. I gotta admit it's a good game, but it's not for me,  and I have filed a refund request and no response."
,Not Recommended,506610,34348633,Posted: 19 August,all,IINuKeZ | hellcase.com,why is this game for windows. but not for mac? like all the other games of fnaf. mac is the same mechanics as windows to play this game. you can also buy it from the app store which is from apple but its not released on mac??good thing i am getting a pc soon.
76561198084187460,Recommended,506610,25907304,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Smiley,"10/10 would be first review againAlso jesus this makes the other games look like  family friendly chuck e cheeseIn total, im not really sure whats going o but im going to go play the new payday update cuase its ocming out tooBuy this game if you want"
,Not Recommended,506610,25989974,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Edge Lightning,Constantly makes me question if the developer was purposefully trying to ruin the game. Bafflingly poorly made but with such promise.Just watch somebody play it on Youtube.
,Not Recommended,506610,25913602,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Chiliblue,"This game was released with a bug that makes the cursor contine move on its own after stopping the mouse. It doesn't make the game unplayable i don't think but I don't want to play it with this bug in because I won't be able to imerse myself and experiance this hopefully amazing game if I'm distracted by this wandering cursor all the time. He said he might delay the release of the game because it was too dark but he should've delayed it for extra bug fixes.UPDATE: He recently updated the game to fix some bugs i believe, but this mouse glitch still is in the game. It seems to only affect the mouse, not the touch pad, but I'd rather not use my wonky touch pad. I still do not recomend this game until at least a fix is provided for this glitch."
,Not Recommended,506610,30991332,Posted: 6 April,all,Mr. Doge,THATS IT IM DON IM HATING YOU SO MUUUCHHHH FORRRR THIS DUMB BABY BAD STORYLINE BAD CUTSINE EVERYTHING IS I'M SOOOOO DONE IM DE NICE PERSON I NEVER DO DIS SCOTT U NEED TO STOP MAKING GAMES NUUBBB U SUUUCCCKKKKK!!!!! AND YOU KNOW IT I'M SOOOO MAD I CAN SUE U. im getting angry sorry1. Baby and the squad are mest up come on it looks like a baby dev made this game2. Sounds the phone guy he screams in your ear rapidly3. textures com on the baby poster looks like it's floating the thing im done4. sounds like freddy siting down enjoying saying wow i hate scott 4 this5. baby wow im done6. less scary and don forget a ugly bot7. im done8. gets u deaf9. rate this game o stars10. stop playing11. bad story bad gameking of doge-
76561198336304566,Recommended,506610,25907666,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,oliviahess1212,"I've only been on this for 12 mins, yet It seems so amazing and honestly, better then the other games. I would reccomend it if you liked the other games, even though its a bit scarier."
76561198383449808,Not Recommended,506610,33716836,Posted: 22 July,all,GetTriggered,*facepalms* im sure scott is a nice guy irl but he is utter crap at game making
,Not Recommended,506610,26545844,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,the tin goes skurrrat,"This is very boring, not very much ""gameplay"" involved. I'd reccomend if you want to play this game and then get the nine bucks back."
76561198209931985,Recommended,506610,25906821,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,North Korea,best game 2016
76561198272025545,Not Recommended,506610,28289487,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,VortexMaster8,When ever i try to play this game it never opens. i tried everything even deleting it and re downloading it. I found out it says that my windows [10] is incompatable. Can i fix this?
76561198306288868,Not Recommended,506610,29734024,Posted: 5 February,all,hoggiemygames,i want a refund it is immposible to beat i have been trying to beat night 4 since it came out so i want my money back!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,506610,33435604,Posted: 10 July,all,magic ✔ cs.money,cringe
76561198316067713,Not Recommended,506610,26071372,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,KoolGuy2006,this game shows i've been playing for hours and i can't even play it. it won't down load or install or run.Do Not purchase.
76561198200049903,Not Recommended,506610,26417698,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,theminer16,Look I like the game and all but please make it also a MacBook game too. I have to find a hp laptop that is not mine and I have to use it in a short time.
76561198146409702,Not Recommended,506610,26651429,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Potatoes are valuable!,it just wasent worth the hype
,Recommended,506610,25907188,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Watermelon,Amazing...
,Recommended,506610,25907989,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Shadow Gaming,"appart from not knowing what to do at one point I found this game amazing it's sso scary, I love the voice acting"
,Not Recommended,506610,32231616,Posted: 6 June,all,meme_material,dont get it. just dont
,Recommended,506610,25906894,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,James SFM,so scary and so fun   i love it and hate it
76561198095806818,Recommended,506610,25907946,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Jakedman21,"I have only played for 0.3 hours, and I already love it! This is nothing like any of the previous games in the series."
,Not Recommended,506610,25938258,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,MAltantawi,basement dwelling subhuman furry/normal working sociable humany is this still popular
76561198213026183,Not Recommended,506610,28733314,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jimmycash07,SMH! THE DEAD♥♥♥♥♥B WHO SUPPOSED TO BE TALKIG IN THE ELEVATOR ISNT EVEN TALKING HALP??!?!
76561198271874282,Not Recommended,506610,26238357,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Nexa,"If you played every fnaf game for more than a hour, you know that this isn't like the other fnaf games. I don't care if it's a spin-off, it's not like the others. You don't get to surivive/do anything on your own, your own way. If you do, then its a short minigame. I'm glad I didn't pay a dime for this. It is scary, yes. But It's not very fun. I'm only on night 3 but I hope the upcoming ""Custom Night"" update is good. I already have the 3 stars, I just want to play it fully (I did a cheat code that gave me all stars). So if you're a long time FNAF fan, this isn't recommended, also, I forgot to mention, it forces too much humor, humor that isn't even funny. Its scary? Yes. Is it funny? No. Is it like the others? NO."
,Not Recommended,506610,32232987,Posted: 6 June,all,gets(buffer);,"A female, on le Reddit? Hang on fellas I got this!Tips fedora brim over eyes to give an aura of mystery and glides up to you on my light up heeliesH-hi m'lady, would you perhaps consider being my qt 3.14 gf? snickers nefariously /thinks to self/ ""man if this works, I'll get this cute girl to be my girlfriend and I'll ride the cool roller coasters!""c'mon, luck be a lady tonight! cross fingers and gulps s-so...adjusts collar and looks firmly what do you say to my proposal? waits patiently :3Plzrespond, I'm a nice guy who will treat you right unlike all those other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who only care about looks!Don't ignore me you rancid swine, I knew it #niceguys finish last! You're probably out having dinner with Chad now!REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
,Not Recommended,506610,29412580,Posted: 21 January,all,Gilbertify,lol my little brother plays this garbage.
76561198278903459,Not Recommended,506610,26033264,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,SuperSonic07,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198063570218,Not Recommended,506610,25922409,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,No time for games,not recommended
,Recommended,506610,25911091,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Gio_the_Godfather,"Best FNAF Game EVER!  I really hope Scott continues works like this, because this a masterpiece of a horror game. It has very unique elements and gameplay. It includes voice-acting for several of the characters. And in between each night, you get to see a humorous cutscene. This game includes just the right amount of comedy and horror at the same time"
76561198207702351,Not Recommended,506610,28155247,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Zax -irino-,dont get this game night 5 is so ♥♥♥♥ing impossible and so boring that u must finish it for custom night
,Recommended,506610,25907670,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Antono,welcome to hell kids
,Not Recommended,506610,33054574,Posted: 30 June,all,Random Dude,Five nights at ♥♥♥♥♥♥s is popular however its very stupid and gay.
,Recommended,506610,25912244,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Supersonic2233,"More than just ""FNaF""."
76561198355538899,Not Recommended,506610,32122530,Posted: 1 June,all,Xx_CaliPlayz_xX,BOI DONT BUY DIS KK I WANT MA MONEY BUT I CANT CAUSE I HAD THE GAME FOR 2 WEEKS SO IMA DRINK BLEACH
,Not Recommended,506610,29067402,Posted: 6 January,all,James Martin,this game sucks i wish i can have my money back i shouldent have got this steam pls give my money back and game is way too hard
76561198172237134,Recommended,506610,25907224,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The most nooby guy,Fun game played it for 24 min. and I love it
,Not Recommended,506610,28086558,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Darkahy Mastah,waste of my time
,Recommended,506610,25907072,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,CarlyFlower,:D <3!!! Thank you Scott!!! <3!!!!
76561198284172073,Recommended,506610,25907129,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MatthewTheDude,"Great game, and the best FNAF Game i've played :D"
76561198334590748,Not Recommended,506610,28150412,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Jaydz321,Its pretty good... But it needs to be easier!!!
76561198070267492,Not Recommended,506610,25942802,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,8-Bit Sunset,"I like this game a lot but night 4 completly ruins the game.It is unnecessarily unfair and will make replaying the game a chore. It totally makes the game out of balance.Yes I have watched Youtube countless times and read about how to ""Do it"" and yes yes I have heard all the children cry ""Git Gud"" but you cant deny that it is plain out not fun at all.I would advise not buying this game until this is fixed, as the first update doesn't make it any easier."
,Not Recommended,506610,28136526,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,!>Webber<!,Night 4 is imposible
76561198300372757,Recommended,506610,25907685,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,AndreiCoco1,I LOVE FNAF !!!!
,Not Recommended,506610,25907867,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,General Robert E. Lee,"most of these reviews are from someone who would lick scotts♥♥♥♥♥and give him all of their money just to stare at his♥♥♥♥♥♥for a few minutes. i was going to spend this money on mvm for a chance at an aussie but decided to give it a chance anyway. so ♥♥♥♥ing broken. i get like 10 frames per second on a point and click game lmao. wtf is with this♥♥♥♥♥♥ plus the ""space under the desk"" mechanic is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, i sat their for 20 minutes after pulling the door closed waiting for something to happen. nothing did. youve got one day to make this playable or im requesting a refund."
,Recommended,506610,25906936,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,I AM THE RNG,gud
76561198087303357,Recommended,506610,25949394,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Hallowed Pilot,Beautiful. 10/10. This game really builds on the lore of the series. The T.V show you get to watch tells the backstory of the Purple Guy and he and his wife divorced.SPOILER ALERT
,Not Recommended,506610,26001895,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Fambalani Africa,this game is a pile of poo... it's for kids... infants... I know the dev is one man's effort... and it really shows which is why I said this game is for the littl'uns
76561198182553726,Recommended,506610,25907003,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,PixelNova71,"This is the only fnaf game I have played (on my pc), but for my first, it it really good. It runs very well on the minimum requirements and plays well. I know how the game ends kinda, a great game cant be ruined. Its fine though. I still am on the edge of my seat. It is one of my favoreite game! I havent played much only on night 3 and will update as I get more of a feel for the game. Thank you for reading."
76561198104205469,Recommended,506610,25907687,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MrReynguycolor,"I haven't even played the game, yet I'm giving it a good review."
,Recommended,506610,25907396,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Elongate Card308 Official,"theres a huge bug, that prevents you from beating night 2, im really disappointed in scott, youd think after this long in developing fnaf games, he'd be able to fix such a small bug that prevents you from leaving the desk.What is it exactly?there is no voice prompt to leave the desk, when everything is over.FIX?Yes, there is:Method 1. Press Win + Down arrow.Method 2. Hard Reset the game (press delete when you start the game)Method 3. Delete the game files, and re-install it.Method 4. Wait for a patch.EDIT: i still like the game btw."
,Recommended,506610,25910061,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,🎃ϟLRWϟ LynxRecruit🎃,"i streamed this with a friend By the Name of zYnthetic for 2hr 58 mins and we both got scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, great game scott, worth the wait :DHad ton's of fun with this gameNight 1,2,&,3 guide coming out!Had to cheat A little bit""Thanks razzbowski"""
,Not Recommended,506610,25934161,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Pyroland,"What can I say about sister location? Well if the title wasnt there some may think its not even in the FNAF series the only thing close to the original Fnaf series is the secret place. When I first saw gameplay of this I thought it was either fake or a joke, in my opinion after Fnaf 2 the series fell a little although I enjoy 3 and 4 is scary as hell, sister location should not exist if only Scott hadn't listened to the fanboys this would not have happenedEdit: Ok ok I know I over did it with this review and it might not be perfect, but I knew that this game would be different, sense each game has its difference from the last. FNAF 2 had more animatronics and no doors, FNAF 3 had only 1 animatronic that could kill you, and FNAF 4 had the breathing mechanic and the bed and closet. I loved the new mechanics and that they were a new take on the series but this game is just to different causing me to not feel it having a huge resemblance to the others and not enjoying it as much. Comparing this to others is like comparing Fable 2004 (SL) to Fable 1996 (1-4)."
76561198140106283,Not Recommended,506610,25919141,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Orculear,"EDIT: READ THE ♥♥♥♥ING EDITS PEOPLE DAMNFIRST OFF. I REALLY LIKE THE GAME. BUT THIS WHOLE THING RUINS IT FOR A LOT OF PLAYERSNight 1, 2, 3 were fairly easy. BUT NIGHT 4 IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING HARD. Theres to much♥♥♥♥♥♥to keep track of. Make sure one of the ♥♥♥♥in toy story monsters arent climbing up the wall. Make sure you dont wiggle to much. Make sure one of the six springlocks arent close to doing a complete rotation. Make sure you wait long enough for them to climb up the walls. AND RIGHT WHEN I GET TO THE I ALWAYS FAIL. JUST BECAUSE OF THOSE STUPID. ♥♥♥♥ING. SPRINGLOCKS. Increase the time on the springlocks. Or decrease the amount of toy story monsters. OR DECREASE THE NUMBER OF SPRINGLOCKS. Theres a point when a game mechanic goes from Fun to challenging to frustrating to JUST ♥♥♥♥ING STUPID. And at this current state. ITS ♥♥♥♥ING STUPID. I cant even enjoy the damn game anymore because ive been stuck on this part for an hour and fourty-five minutes now. Until this is fixed i do not recommend buying this game.EDIT: With scotts recent patch on night 4 my review still stands. No one had a problem with it being to hard to knock off the monsters. NO ONEEDIT 2: I decided to cheat my way so i can have fun with the game.EDIT 3: if you're a butthurt super fan dont bother commenting cause i will just delete your comment. i will take acutal criticism but not. ♥♥♥♥ YOU :((((( THIS GAM=GUD. or if its funny i'll leave it. Git gud tho is getting old. make new memes pls"
,Recommended,506610,30396282,Posted: 8 March,all,karlacade,"Honestly, this one is the best FNaF game. It wasn't rushed like the others seemed to be, and it shows. Of course, it brought us Eggs Benedict and Exotic Butters, and we can't discount those. The characters are interesting, especially the disembodied voice that guides us through the different rooms.What I want to know, however, is.... whatever happened to Chica? Haha."
,Recommended,506610,29377974,Posted: 20 January,all,jackelodon123,this game does its job:scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you and thats exactly what makes the game good!
,Recommended,506610,26033045,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Dreppsid,"This Game is absaloutley amazing, I like every bit of it!"
76561198347129128,Recommended,506610,30426234,Posted: 10 March,all,AwesomemanCHA,It was an amazing game
76561198156202687,Recommended,506610,30379260,Posted: 7 March,all,RilinPlays,"From the little I've played and the lot I've seen played, this is honestly a great game. New mechanics, new robots, and a plot that is well woven in to the game.Rating: Exotic Butters/10"
76561198200757442,Recommended,506610,30433122,Posted: 10 March,all,TheGeneralLee,nothing like the other fnaf games this is stands out for shure but so far the best fnaf game! if you dont know what fnaf game to get first this is the one!
,Recommended,506610,30475713,Posted: 12 March,all,Pinkie Pie,I still can't believe the story isn't over yet.
,Recommended,506610,30472839,Posted: 12 March,all,PointyStick,10/10The reason why? It's a very fun (and scary) game. It has two ending that are fun to get to. Also the soundtrack is a masterpiece for a game series like this. Lastly the custom night is a blast alongsides the cutscenes. I think the next game will be about/focusing on William Afton (AKA Purple Guy.) The reason is the games have covered every thing except the Purple Guy also look at the final cutscene. Seems.... Suspiocius....That the son is coming for someone.(Purple Guy)*Spoiler Alert*You play as Purple Guy's(William Afton's) son.
76561198295854202,Recommended,506610,30474415,Posted: 12 March,all,ccbailey61,"Very Different from the others, with a different thing every night, and a deeper story."
76561198041641413,Recommended,506610,30456064,Posted: 11 March,all,rcengland3,great game m8 rate it 8/8 m8
76561198017941270,Recommended,506610,30457625,Posted: 11 March,all,Mongo,11/10 Not paralized.
76561198317399989,Recommended,506610,30469931,Posted: 12 March,all,katrinabeana,best one yet
,Recommended,506610,26723776,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,LeonSPotter,"Five Nights at Freddy's Sister location is different gameplay compared to the first 4 games, and you do not stay in fictional place like the 4 games and it also has many unresolved mysteries"
76561198254940396,Recommended,506610,30445692,Posted: 11 March,all,Gamer345,Great Game But SUPER hard
,Recommended,506610,29279451,Posted: 15 January,all,Kate Willis,Love it! I hope Scott makes more amazing games!
76561198172650797,Recommended,506610,29274020,Posted: 15 January,all,CoolPapyrus 6167,its a very good and diffrent game then we will see in the fnaf series
76561198355307717,Recommended,506610,30500631,Posted: 13 March,all,ScrapTheHedgehog,"My review is going to have two parts, one is the flaws and one is the good parts of the game. At first this game didn't look so scary but that was when I didn't have a computer, and when it came out on the IOS it scared me. When I downloaded and paid for it on my computer, it was even scarier. And I don't see how it was dark though, it was like any Five Nights at Freddy's timeline but more confusing. Oh, when I was typing this review I see now how it was dark. But it wasn't dark to me at all. And I don't see how animatronics are so advanced in 1983. Baby has a helium tank in her and their was still room for her endoskeleton. For a second I though of a theory that this took place in the future. But that was incorrect on many levels. How the hell can they build animatronics in 1983. And why wasn't there a Fun Time Chica. And the custom night made everything so confusing, how can someone dead barf up an animatronic and not be dead after being scooped. Okay now that I covered all flaws time for the good side of the game. The new game play and animatronics are so cool I love there design. And making the animatronics clowns, GENIS!!! A lot of people are afraid of clowns you are one master of horror games Scott. And the voice acting was on point, way better than the voice acting in Foxy Fighters from FNaF World. And going for multiple ending eh Scott. And than covers up the good side of my review. And Scott if your reading this, SCREW YOU FOR CHICA'S MAGIC RAINBOW!!!!!! And also Scott in Five Nights At Freddy's Sister Location for Mobile Device I has a glitch in the Fifth Night. Well I'm so glad my review is over, sure it was long but at least it's finally over. Over all it is a great horror game. Well done Scott, clap it up."
76561198245613594,Recommended,506610,30509844,Posted: 14 March,all,banana azzy,Cooooooooooooooooooooooooool
,Recommended,506610,30500204,Posted: 13 March,all,ParanormalSku11,"This game, without a doubt, has some amazing aspects to it. However, it has many flaws. I feel like the game was a bit rushed in a sence. I feel like it lacked some content. However, with the introduction of various unprecidented mechanics to the series there is no doubt that this game is amazing. Although, it is not as satisfying as the other games. Maybve it is due to the lack of sense of danger that the other four games offered. Now I am not saying this game is god awful. No, I am saying that I enjoy the game thoroughly, but I am offering my coinstructive critisism. I feel like it couldve been even better, but was slightly rushed. All in all, its an amazing game and I would recomend it!"
76561198337063750,Recommended,506610,30454589,Posted: 11 March,all,ncfischer0509,LOVE IT best fnaf game
76561198327621437,Recommended,506610,30482351,Posted: 12 March,all,Wasow_200,NIGHT 4 IS TOO HARD!!!! but appart from that good game and good story
,Recommended,506610,30629225,Posted: 19 March,all,🔪ɱαɢɪc ɱƴєʀѕ🔪,Love it! Keep up with the good work! :3
,Recommended,506610,30622453,Posted: 19 March,all,MatthewRPG,"(please note, this does NOT take Custom Night itno consideration. from what i've seen it's just regular old FNAF, so there's not much i like or dislike about it.)the thing i enjoyed about this game is that it's basically Five Nights at Freddy's for those who don't like Five Nights at Freddy's, because while still being first person and clicking and such, there's a much more involved in game story that makes every night actually feel like there's a point, all i felt the old games were is just five versions of the same resource managing that got a little bit harder every time, four games in a row- that's just... boring to me, and it didn't even feel like a real game at that point. this on the other hand, drops the micromanagement entirely and is much more close to (story-wise) the likes of Portal 2, which is something i have a really big soft spot for, so i can't give any criticism for that. (excuse my bias :P)gameplay, however, is a bit different. every night is very different in the way it's played (except for the second and last night)and even when the gameplay getting to the location is similar, what you have to do there is usually different. (third and last night is the only exception i can think of)i really like this, honestly. it makes the game feel new every night, but reuses things when it needs to so that it doesn't feel like the fun parts of the game only happen once.on the difficulty side, though... it's a bit of a rollercoaster. first night is just a tutorial, second night is a little tricky, third night i remember actually being pretty annoying, especially because once you fail the bonnie minigame, you gotta go all the way back to the last room and do it again. fourth night... jesus, it's the only time i can think of (besides the second night and custom night to an extent) that the game gets heavy on the micromanaging. it's basically about 2 minutes of spam clicking on certain points on the screen AND making sure that some puppet dudes don't get you. even if he nerfed it, it's still the worst part of the game and a very annoying segment that isn't very fun. last night is pretty much story but can be a little tricky if you're stupid.so we go like this -> just a long cutscene -> medium -> hard -> very hard -> easyso pretty much only a little over half of the game offers real challenge, which kinda sucks... but still, the game is a very fun experience if i do say so myself. it has a nice story to keep me interested, and some really good humor here and there. price tag is a little high for only an 1 1/2 hour experience, but overall it's a fine game."
76561198170087821,Recommended,506610,30590050,Posted: 18 March,all,*****,This game is worth every single penny you pay it isnt the best game out of all of them but it is defently good!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
76561198137810951,Recommended,506610,30606693,Posted: 18 March,all,TheSkywardStriker,This is obviously not the final game. I know it. You know it. Lets be real. The iOS and Android versions are absolute trash. Literally just like a JPEG image that makes noises. But the PC version? (Which I`m reviewing right now). It`s amazing. Best one yet. I say yet because I know darn well they`ll be another one. I call it. Near the end of June? FNaF Brother Location. Or Sister Location 2...Probably like. Fazbears Fright: Micheals Story. Or something like that.
76561198295467175,Recommended,506610,30643025,Posted: 20 March,all,Dylan,it is hard but one of the BBBBBBBBEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSTTTTTTT ever
76561198376104658,Recommended,506610,30780384,Posted: 27 March,all,logologan414,So good
,Recommended,506610,30783633,Posted: 27 March,all,Xystem4,"Very frightening, and much more linear than the other FNAF games. Worth the buy, but don't expect it to be the other FNAFs (except for the secret ending, which is reminiscent of the other games)"
76561198354685104,Recommended,506610,30756420,Posted: 26 March,all,BonBonGamer64,"When I First Played Five Nights At Freddy's Sister Location I thought that the game was AMAZING. Like, Holy Crap. Scott Finally released a free-roam FNaf game that had multiple endings ( And FnaF 3 ) . But anyways, if you haven't played the game, the names of the animatronics are:-Baby-Ballora-Funtime Freddy-Funtime Foxy-Bidybab-Minireena-Ennard & Springtrap ( Check All endings ( SL ) by Iulitm Tosee the Springtrap animatronic.So there you have it, Gamers. That, is my review for FNaF SL."
76561198353991356,Recommended,506610,30774480,Posted: 27 March,all,horsegirly04,"Such an Amzing last game for this Series,Was just wondering if you would ever add it to the Mac platform.but other than thats its a fab game x"
76561198342169549,Recommended,506610,30750030,Posted: 26 March,all,HorrorSFM,It's a great game! I love the FNAF series.
76561198056264237,Recommended,506610,27362937,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pat Traxson (Offical Pace Car),"GG Scott this game is amazing! i love the fact we get to move around and admire the horrific atmosphere.the graphics are phonominal.compared tot he other FNAF games this one is in the spot light! the cinematic story telling is amazing voice acting genius idea scott now when we theorize we have personalities and storys! the oerall game is terific great job SCOTT!now im going to watch the ""immortal and the restless!"" and eat some popcorn!"
76561198283995868,Recommended,506610,27341752,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dcardone1228,This game is the best in the series! for these reasons- voice acting-free roming (kind of)-scary jumpscares!-great storyI truly recommend this game please give it a try!!!!!!!
76561198262080133,Recommended,506610,27320919,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CredulousCrab2,"this game is BEOND teriffying, but its so fun. Im stuck in a jam with Funtime Foxy, who is always jumpscaring me, but i got this. Scott Cawthon, your games are the BOMB!!!"
76561198197261847,Recommended,506610,27374249,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,monkeynjamjam,I think this game is really good i still like the first better but this ones pretty epic
76561198281991075,Recommended,506610,27352282,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,corde04,This. Game. Is. AWESOME! I can`t get past night 1 because I get scared easily :)
76561198085111574,Recommended,506610,27356509,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Leafman,This game has come pretty far and I love each new edition to the series. Despite how much I rage with how difficult the series is.
,Recommended,506610,27325592,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ravenfourj,1. Night 4 is Too hard2. GREAT GAME AND GRAPHICS3.If you are poor You should wait b/c it will most likely go down in price4. I had to Change my Diapers 99999999999999999 times during this5. If you are rich buy it now Dumb***6. Incredible lure7. Mysterious as hell8. Voice acting is Great9. This game has lots of HYPE HYPE HYYYPPPE but it downs down after like 5-6-7-8 months10. Night 4 is too hard XD
76561198248361348,Recommended,506610,27379452,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SammyDreamcastSonicFan,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rERSMMbPE1oCheck it out, its really cool!"
76561198120232869,Recommended,506610,27372517,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wames,"Baby's voice though... It was soooo Haunting, really loved it... Jump scares still get you and that BGM for the minigame is LSS inducing..."
,Recommended,506610,27307701,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bukvica,Nice game that completes the FNaF story.It's alot different then the other games.Pros:+Voice acting+Good story and characters+Funny jokes+Interesting mechanics+Spooky jumpscares+Replayability valueCons:-Linear gameplay
,Recommended,506610,27313947,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Breakie,Amazing Game - Been playing it since the very first Five Nights at Freddy's
76561198263148709,Recommended,506610,27300200,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jbath67,Besides night 4 FNAF SL is an inventive game that is different in every night and has a mysterious lore.
,Recommended,506610,27037453,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lazer Miner,"I Thought The Other Games Were Really Good And Filled With Lore. And I Thought This Would Just Be Another Regular FNAF Game Making Us Even More Confused About The Lore. But Then I Played It. This Is By Far, My Favorite Five Nights At Freddy's Game. You Have Missions Instead Of Trying To Just Survive, Voice Acting, MORE LORE, And More! I Love It! And I Would Totally Recomend This To Someone!"
76561198112252553,Recommended,506610,27034489,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Queen Fluffybuns the Fabulous Ω,erotic butters
,Recommended,506610,27034561,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SCRUBBY,Amazing game! 10 outta 10!
76561198336593305,Recommended,506610,27279077,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,hunnybear55434,Scott cawthon had done it again.Dear Scott CawthonYou have done it again the best game in the series yet.What are you gonna make for part six veen if you make 6.But i just love the voices i love them great game!
76561198119319611,Recommended,506610,27405530,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bella,"FNaF1: Well, what a fun place to work at.FNaF2: Oh, there is actually a story.FNaF3: That was amazing, I finally get it!FNaF4: Seems like I didn't actually get is, but now most things are clear.The Silver Eyes: Okay, I guess...?FNaF World: That's just a fun RPG, it doesn't have to do anything with the main game... Right...?FNaF Sis Loc: Calm down, Scott, seriously!I thought we understand what's going on, then this game happened. I was not happy at first, but after hours of thinking and trying to build the story up again, I realized, that everything (including the book) makes much more sense now. If you are here for the fun gameplay without knowing the story, you will be disappointed, because it's different now and you won't understand anything. It was not really challenging, except night 4, but it added so many new things to the story to be complete, or at least I hope it is finally complete, because I was finally able to accept the ending and I don't want to change my point of view about certain characters again."
76561198332604947,Recommended,506610,26314998,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Gorgeous Freeman,Amazing game! One of the best games I've ever played. It was my first game on Steam.
76561197998880869,Recommended,506610,26345379,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Solar Energy,"Well done,Well done scott very good game! I Would love to meet you and the other people too! Thank you for making all those awsome games. My faviote game is there is no pause botton! I Would want to hear more about the game!"
76561198280884586,Recommended,506610,26345853,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,XxDarkCatKingxX,Great gameplay! love the game. No issues with crashing or lag. I totally reccomend this
76561198079339976,Recommended,506610,25911412,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Wells Dargo,"I think this game is extremely cool. Been a fan of the fnaf lore, and this game is adding on its own lore while also providing new and different gameplay."
76561198169373025,Recommended,506610,25911449,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Triplecrisp,♥♥♥♥ night 4.
,Recommended,506610,25911458,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,zero deaths,"the detail is just amazing.but i gotta admit, the ""night"" thing doesnt fit well, its like chapters, each night has something different happen with it, not like the same thing but their ai becomes harderi love the voice acting and the cutsenes11/10 would get scooped again"
,Recommended,506610,25911472,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Jab Rose,"I'll update this more as I play but Here's what I think so far.FNAF SL is the biggest improvement Scott cawthon has made to this franchise, It's not without issues, but it's one of the more unique horror games out there right now.The original 4 games were sort of like these episodic games, each one having mostly the same kind of gameplay style with minor variations. In a sense, 4 was the end of the saga, and SL is the start of a new one.Gameplay-Wise, It's less of a horror time management sim,  and more of a horror point and click adventure. Each night you're given new tasks to carry out, which act as mini puzzles. They can range from rebooting the power while Freddy is right in front of you, to trying to make it to one end of a room to the other without an animatronic noticing you.While a few of them have a similar gameplay style, it's the atomsphere and aesthetics that differentiate them.My favorite part of the first game was just how well the sound design was, something that I don't think the rest got down right. SL nails the sound design perfectly, with subtle ambient noise and pretty damn good voice acting to boot. Each of the Animatronics have a dsitinct voice, with some of my favorites being the eeriely threatening yet playful voice of Freddy, the graceful and but emotionless voice of Ballora, and Baby's innocently sinister banter. Each Animatronic feels distinct in this sense, unlike previous games where they all kind of blended together.This game isn't without fault however. For starters, since each night is now longer and based not around time, but activity, the game utilizes checkpoints for whenever you fail. For the most part they're alright, but some of them are a little weird. For example on night 2, you have to make it through Ballora's room to get to the power room. This includes a minigame for getting through the room that's pretty easy, if not drags on for a lil long, and then a minigame with Freddy that can be a bit challenging the first few times. If you die to freddy however, you need to restart at Ballora's minigame. It's not too big of an issue, but it is annoying. That, and checkpoints don't save your game, so if you quit before finishing a night, you'll have to go through all the night introductions all over again. I'd prefer it if the checkpoints also counted as savepoints, but that's minor.My Big issue with the game is how unclear some of the objectives for the minigames/puzzles can be. While you are given instructions, they're not always clear. The very first challenge has you barricading yourself behind a desk while you're attacked by these little clown things. You're told not to look them in the eye through the holes in the baricade, but eventually, they'll start to open the baricade. What you're supposed to do is grab the door and hold it to slow them down, but you're not given any indication you can do that unless you click on the edge (When I was playing, I was trying to look as far away from them as possible). And that's just one, other's like funtime foxy or the bonnie puppet aren't always clear on what to do. Once you do know, it's easy, and there's of course online guides and such (I figured things out by looking at discussions), but it is annoying.And lastly, While scott continues to work Clickteam fusion to do some cool things, I do think that this would have benefitted greatly from a new engine. Clickteam does hinder the game both graphically and gameplay-wise.But to go back to the positive, the story in this one is pretty good. It feels a bit more self contained than the others, so if you haven't gone and played 1-4, then I'd say you could probably play this one. There are some minor references to the novel that came out a while back, but it'll be a while before we can say how much the story refers back to it. It's got a nice amount of mystery and intrigue, as well as some charming humor as well (Between night you go back home and watch this tv soap opera thing that's just so ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous, I don't even wanna get into detail. It's narmy but it's got a lot of charm.)I might update this review more as secrets are found and such, but for now, I'd say FNAF SL is worth $8. After the past few FNAF's, I've said that I didn't want him to keep the franchise going, that it was time to pack it in. But After SL, I'd honestly be open to another game. Not any time soon really, the quartly releases is what I think really harmed the previous games, but I think the format of this game has room to really grow and do some cool things.If you didn't like FNAF before, this may change your mind, or it might not. But if you're in the least bit interested, check it out!Worst comes to worst, you can always refund it."
,Recommended,506610,25911551,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Look At Dem TiTs,this game is so great so far i would definetly get this gameScott has put good work into this gamethe only bad thing about this is that i cant shut down the game but i think thats just my computer
,Recommended,506610,25911630,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Volk With A Kalachnikov,SO COOL But the night 2 under the desk its so weird
76561198305653470,Recommended,506610,25911640,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,furiousminer10,"Very Scary Nice Design, Pls Don't Pee Yourself Like I Did"
76561198251126926,Recommended,506610,25911664,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,M3GA,this game is the best of the series. hope there will be a fnaf: sister location 2 XD don't hate...
,Recommended,506610,25911693,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,VanderTM,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,506610,25911746,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,shaqyharvey,After trolling us with a message saying that the game will be released in a few months and playing a troll game it is great to play this game and watch people play this game. This game is slightly different topast games but in my eyes this could be the best game. Thank You Scott.
,Recommended,506610,25911779,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,shauntroll26,"This is the best FnaF game, {In my opinion} We actually get to experiance the horror with a very creative free roam mode in which requires actuall tasks to be performed to progress through the nights."
,Recommended,506610,25908372,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,beastking1193,"Scott Cawthon, you have created something that surpassed Five nights at Freddy the first game, this game is just so amazing and intense. You've surpassed yourself and have achieved a great game, We need more like this and amazing games, cannot wait for the next one."
76561198334843689,Recommended,506610,25909626,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,tlwindsor,3 Spoopy
,Recommended,506610,25909706,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Forest Rain,"This game is SO good. 100% reccomendation to all my friends, no questions asked. I play windows 10 Dual 1080p screens and no accidental mis-click and there goes the windnow. VERY SCARY and VERY Smooth100% reccomend-Fun-Scary-Movment-Might actually be compatible with controllers-Amazing time between shifts, though I need to understand the whole vampire show"
76561198181039135,Recommended,506610,25910369,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Burn Me Sanders 2,best game yet scott thank you for the game
76561198228132836,Recommended,506610,25910410,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Laulaut,THIS GAME IS FANTASTIC !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,25910422,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,LyanGamer,"Got the chance to stream this awesome masterpiece up till Night 4 where I am met with a very difficult conuncdrum. Won't spoil anything but this game is awesome and I love it. It borrows from the other games in fun and exciting ways that I also wont mention, just pick up the game and have fun!"
76561197994547714,Recommended,506610,25910644,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Esthrus,"Scott Cawthon, you have truly outdone yourself. Does it have jumpscares? You bet it has jumpscares. Does it have nights? You bet it has nights. Does it have a bit of tension-breaking humor every so often, especially in-between or at the beginning of nights? You bet it does. Are there minigames? Absolutely, although all I could figure out how to do in one was leap off a cliff. Is it entirely like, yet at the same time entirely unlike, any other game in the Five Nights at Freddy's series? It certainly is. Should you buy it? You'd better take this job, because I swear I quit."
,Recommended,506610,25910651,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Birdwatcher_37,"First of all, it's definitely GOOD, that goes without saying. The environments, the models, the sound design, the voices, everything is done very well.That being said, it's NOT a typical fnaf game. It's very story driven, and with a few exceptions the game holds your hand, leading you from room to room. Definitely not what I, and i think most people were expecting. All the other games have given you vague instructions and left you to defend the security room as you see fit. This game gives you much more specific (albeit false) instruction about where to go.I haven't beaten it yet, maybe the ending will tie it together. As of right now, it's good, but maybe not quite what I was hoping for. 7/10"
,Recommended,506610,25910746,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DatXavis,"This game is un-believable! The atmosphere that Mr. Cawthorne created, is just...horrifying.  It grips you no matter what you're doing.  The subtle ambiance makes the hairs on the back of your neck stand up.  I don't want to spoil it for anyone that hasn't played it yet, but the events that transpire through the nights will make your heart race."
76561198183076031,Recommended,506610,26045373,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,seanthornton333,"scott the night 4 is still too hard iv been trying about 5,000,000 times and i still can'tdoit so please update it so the spring locks take longer to reach the flashing red part of it. please scott or i'm never playing fnaf or talk or even do any thing about fnaf justplease update it one last time."
76561198281281313,Recommended,506610,26049412,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,qrunchie,"I've played most fnafs and this one is just as good as the others, damn hard in some parts but totally worth it. Thank you Scott!"
76561198094655921,Recommended,506610,26049530,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,JacobFraNorge,the game is pretty good and alot more diffrent from the other games. but it is no checkpoints so if you get past something hard oyu have to do everything again.
76561198143986187,Recommended,506610,26047062,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,cameronsmith178,"very good game, thought it was really hard at start but it just because I didnt listen to what you had to do."
,Recommended,506610,26050001,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,🎃Max the dog🎃,love it
76561198206921423,Recommended,506610,26050012,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Chibi pyro,Played it. Loved it. Got jumpscared. 10/10
76561198084521581,Recommended,506610,25910226,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,F13durante6,I love this game it is very hard compared to the rest of the series and is nothing like I would have ever imagened I reccomend this game a lot check it out10/10 if you are not a fan of the rest of the sereis you will reallly hate this gamewasnt ready for baby
76561198307534109,Recommended,506610,25928928,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,snappyhurdle,"Sister Location is by far the best entry in the FNAF franchise.Scott has outdone himself once again, making Sister Location a ten times better game than his previous project. However, when there are good parts of the game, there is most likely also terrible mistakes that Scott has made with his game. Here are the ups and downs of Sister Location:UP: Different mechanics and easier gameplay to understand.DOWN: Occasional tricky parts.UP: Free roam.DOWN: Same jumpscares that by now everyone is used to.UP: Voice acting.DOWN: Where's night 6 and 7 that was shown before the games release?UP: Humour.DOWN: Bugs and glitches.UP: Cutscenes.UP: Excellent animation and graphics.Overall a great game, but with occasional bugs. But despite those, I would recommend this to any FNAF fan and anyone who likes a good horror game. However the story felt short just like FNAF 3 where we were only limited to 6 nights instead of 7. I hope Cawthon will update the game and fix some stuff to make Sister Location a more enjoyable gameplay experience.6/10"
,Recommended,506610,25932565,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Doge Jonkins,This a good games i like it because you get ro move around not just stay at a disk waiting and being BORED ASF but you get the scared intense feeling when your moving around its truly great i would recommend it for horror to get a good decent scare.
76561198153101830,Recommended,506610,25917119,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,TRexZombies,"NIGHT FOUR SPOILERSCan someone please help me out here. I have no idea how to get passed night 4. I'm doing what she's telling me and winding the spring locks but no matter what, once those two things appear at my sides and crawl out of view, it's been certain death every time. Is there something I'm missing, or do I just suck at it. Can someone please help me out here? The game so far has been great but I keep dying at this part."
76561198184013159,Recommended,506610,25931598,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Dbgamerstarz,"Fnaf sisters location seems good so far.Ive played about half an hour learning how to shock the animatronics. I hope that later on, the game has a time thing like to old ones or at least someting challenging. I would suggest buying this as it is good price rn"
,Recommended,506610,25931698,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,God Himself,"I'm not a fan of ANY of the games. In fact i think that the fandom for these games are  absoulute cancxer cells. But, i have to admit, This is a goood game"
,Recommended,506610,25912438,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Portal Pony,Very differnt But I have two BIG complates.1. Night 4 is WAY to hard.2. If you die you have to listen to the same dialoge and there is a LOT of dialoge.
,Recommended,506610,25933489,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Grand Autismo,"Wow, this one is way different... you can actually walk.. instead of being bound to a wheelchair. but the ending... was a true plot twist e.othe scooper guts you alive then you go into your bathroom and have purple eyes. plot twist? i think not."
,Not Recommended,506610,25933491,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Technus,"The game, albeit it a bit creepy, doesn't seem to have the same sense of fear and dread as the previous ones did.  The jump scares were not even as scary somehow.  Night4 is incredibly hard too and almost impossible.  Just wish the game was a little longer and had a better ending other than the two offered. I mean, I get it and all, just was sort of anticlamactic."
,Recommended,506610,25934354,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,TrueSoul116,"Expecting a camera and monitor sequel like the rest to the series, I was very surprised to play ever changing mechanics each Night. While the base game is rather short comparitively, at least in my case, it is a good experience if you enjoy the FNAF series as a whole or small little horror indie games in general.While I admit this game isn't flawless due to an admittingly low skill bar and small windows of fright, I do personally enjoy this game and supporting the creator. With the astetics of the game rather impressive and the lore behind it rather unique to the series, I keep me coming back and enjoying myself."
76561198201792595,Recommended,506610,25953934,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,The Cookie Man,"Scott I absoloutly loved this game though still stuck on night 4 even after the update making it ""easier"" I do have a bug though when I try to use my mouse slides to one side of the screen so I have to use my trackpad which is just horrible please fix however apart from that brilliant."
76561198041927487,Recommended,506610,25954030,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Boxohobo,Sister Location has all of the tension and atmosphere of the previous FNAF games while switching up the gameplay and execution. Fans of the old games will not be disappointed and those wanting something different will appreciate it as well.It's an improvement in all the right ways that does not lose any of the charm of the original games.( The somewhat funny but mostly tragic charm. )
76561198333766876,Recommended,506610,25954537,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,morlog,"Very good game, im stuck on night 3 because i cant get bonnie's button:p but it is a very good game nonetheless and i love it"
,Recommended,506610,25954545,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,your very own pocket medic,everything about this game is perfictly fine and its way better than the othersbut even after the patch i still cant get by night 4 its still way to hardi keep wiggling when minirena is on me but she still ends up killing me
76561198237854322,Recommended,506610,25953619,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,WormMan1000,this is more like an entirely new gamerather than sitting in a single room[spoilers:that does happen with a little looking around]its more like a point and click horrifying adventure9/10 windows employee
76561198092060070,Recommended,506610,25953767,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Creepypasta Chick,this game is was different then the others but i love it so much!
,Recommended,506610,25951018,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Dr. Swag Fox,"Great Game, very hard but also very fun some funny moments but not as good as the first game .9/10"
,Recommended,506610,25951043,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TNM-Alpha,So kewl and very diffrent from the origanal fnaf and i like it
,Recommended,506610,25927799,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Funtime Foxy,... speechless much amazment
,Recommended,506610,25951233,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ネクシルデン,"Even if you weren't excited for the other Five Nights games, I highly reccommend this to anyone who is a fan of indie or horror games.Sister Location is a very different game from the previous Five Nights games. Though the story ties into the other games, it is mostly a game that stands on its own with its own set of characters and setting. It also comes with aSecret endingThat fans of the original four will find is sick and twisted in just the right ways.Overall It is a great game, and I would love to say more, but its hard to talk about this game without spoiling it. The biggest gripe I have with the game is that if you play through the main game it is extremely short. Other than that I highly reccommend this to anyone who is on the fence about buying it. Especially if you are a fan of the Original Four."
,Recommended,506610,25951277,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,FoxSpellCaster,"While this is not the most amazing game, the price, and the fear are perfect. Seperating this from the other FNAF games, this one really does stand on its own. It has more of a story driven gameplay and doesn't rely on the same formulas on each night.More like a bunch of mini games with crazy easter eggs, than just one mini game with some easter eggs like FNAF 1 or 2-4.Get this one for some fun times and loud screams."
,Recommended,506610,25951291,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,garzak0518,this is one of the best fnaf games ever scott great job
,Recommended,506610,25952556,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Malatis,"Hey Everybody, this game is great so far. I've been stuck on the 5th night for some time because of my mouse moving on its own. But I have sovled the problem that people have had. I just pushed my mouse wheel down and to either the left or right and it works now.This Game is Awesome, Scott. You are the biggest and one of the best trolls on the internet, and the majority of us love you for it. This has been a phenomenal game with great voice acting, mixed comedy/horror story, and mixed first person gameplay styles. Thank you again for this game, and please watch my reactions to the game here:https://youtu.be/0id5sFk3tEwAnd yes I would recommend this game to just about anyone."
,Recommended,506610,25970015,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,A Dizzy Burb,"the game was pretty unique for the series and a much needed change of format! I loved how the game was more story diven and each night had you doing something new and different. And baby being a ""good"" animatronic is also a pretty nice feature to have had in the game instead of them all just being mindless killers.However dispite the game being amazing i am giving it a score of 0 becasue there was not one bird involved in the game and for me to score a game it must have a Bird of some description.(I'm only joking the game was awesome~)"
,Recommended,506610,25970517,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Jpilucho,I love this game. Finally we get Free Roaming mode i give thid 5 stars
,Recommended,506610,25970575,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Meme_Duk,I LOVE THIS GAME! It has great gameplay amd amazing lore. Good job Scott!
76561198069500987,Recommended,506610,25970775,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,GoatLord,"So at first i was a little sceptical about this game cuz it felt kind of forced since the 3rd fnaf was the end of the storyline and the 4th fnaf was just about some kinda nightmare. so i was like hm fnaf sister location? ok then... but ofc i decided to try it since i liked all the fnaf games even tho the 3rd and 4th was not what i expected it to be. so i started up FNAF:SL and i had no idea what to expect but then a clear storyline showed up and every night u had a new task wich made the game different and fun in another way compared to the others. like walking through rooms with animatronics trying to kill u, talking to baby and avoiding freddy, its just so stressfull that it becomes funny XD. the game also has a funny sence of humor and u have to decide by your self who to trust and who not to.i definently recommend everyone to buy this game as soon as possible!!"
76561198254820463,Recommended,506610,25916991,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,RamenInAShoe,Five Nights at Freddy's Sister Location.I went into this game thinking it couldn't top the first one.I was utterly wrong.The jumpscares are terrifying.Haters can no longer say 'Repetive'The twists.I haven't got past Night 5.Here's things I like and Don't like.Pro's.The jumpscares are terrifying.Bidybab scares the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.Ennard fooled everyone.Scott Cawthon sayign it's terrifying and it ACTUALLY IS.I reccommand this.Con's.There isn't alot in my opinion.But. Springtrap has a little cameo with some Springlock characters. Night 4.
76561198215061252,Recommended,506610,25972437,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,c.rodrigues015,"The best FNaF ever. It's got story, the dread, the chills and the whole pack! We waited for an entire year but it was totally worth it. Scott Cawthon raised the bar of the entire franchise. <3"
76561198103475797,Recommended,506610,25971485,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Mr_Piercocco,"It's nice to finally see some new and interesting concepts after 4 games that didn't change the formula too much; even though that didn't mean the other games were bad.This time you're not a security guard anymore: you're a technician whose job is to repair the animatronics and make sure that the place they're in for the night is going as it should. The problem is, the robots are not happy about *something* and they will try to -you guessed it- murder you. Instead of surviving from 12 AM to 6 AM, you'll be required to perform certain tasks that change every night. Thanks to this, the game isn't just a ""learn the mechanics and then repeat them until the end while they become progressively harder"", and it feels much more organic than before. However, what almost ruined the game for me, is the 4th night. The difficulty suddenly increases and unfortunately it even becomes frustrating; which is a shame, 'cause the 4th night's mechanics are creepy and original. Other than that, the voice actors are really good, especially for the spooky animatronics, the atmosphere is top-notch and the game even delivers quite a lot of black humor, which to some extent resembles Portal's.In layman's terms, I absolutely recommend this game.P.S.: have fun playing with *them* in the dark. ;)"
76561198336138657,Recommended,506610,25972345,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,pazuzulayla,"This is, in my opinion, the best FNaF game so far. Admittedly, it is quite different from the previous games but in a good way. I love all the different voices and the storys that progress with each night.Well done Scott, this is one masterpiece of a game and I really hope you will make more FNaF games in the future!"
,Recommended,506610,25966482,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,shadowraven1008,This is like the best FNAF game ever.
76561198336336664,Recommended,506610,25966603,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,awesomedog152,da best fnaf eveer
76561198073912907,Recommended,506610,25966655,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Bulgrabot,I really enjoyed this game!
76561198164103615,Recommended,506610,25930534,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,That One Deer,"Scott, you weren't kidding when you mentioned there would be ""voice acting"", which is astronamically awsome!! Loved the major improvements such as; Keeping up with the original realese date, remaning a constant qith the noses and since of dread!"
76561198205700400,Recommended,506610,25930549,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,hyperMaxy,best fnaf game ever baby is now my all time favorite charater 100/100 would play again and i already want a sister location 2 if your ever gonna make one :)
76561198032451982,Recommended,506610,25918441,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,carnivorousbunny,Have you ever played Portal and thought. Man this is nice and funny but it could use more horror. Then this is for you.
,Recommended,506610,25931334,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,kp503lex,"very fun but the in game mouse is really glitchy, Can't properly play nor pass the 3rd level."
76561198170187533,Recommended,506610,25914416,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,sldarrin,BEST FNAF GAME EVER. forget everything you know about fnaf. this game is amazing scott is such a talented artist and i defiantly recommend.
,Recommended,506610,25927680,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,FoxinNRoxin,"On Night 2, It seems I can't get by The Bidybabs, After they try to open the little door 2 times they are still there. They won't leave.People told you this a lot, but I'm glad you're fixing it"
76561198311179991,Recommended,506610,25927694,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SinisterFuntimeFreddy101,This an amazing game!!!
76561198305382811,Recommended,506610,25927792,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,sislerdj2005,this is a cool  game i think he did a good job and it is scary
76561198246914348,Recommended,506610,25927796,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,TheComeback,This is a very Good game also it's very scary and has really good Graphics and alot more rooms that I probably should be concerned about when I get to night 5.P.S I am still on night 3.
,Recommended,506610,25927809,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,JJROCKETDOG,"This game is amazing, it is probably the best in the series. Still looking for some easter eggs, I think I found a few. Anyway this game is so good. Still trying to complete it!"
,Recommended,506610,25928201,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Fishing for birdies,"Scott you wonderfully weird person, you did it again!"
76561198025206946,Recommended,506610,25928291,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,robertbriansmith,thank u scott for relasing fnaf 5
76561198282916341,Recommended,506610,25928395,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DYERDYER,"Ok, i should start by saying i hate the FNAF franchise. i never understood why so many people talked about this pile of dog food they call a game. With this game, my opinion is slowly changing. Now i own all the games. Guess who hopped on FNAF train."
76561198209651609,Recommended,506610,25929575,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,MintChocoLuka,"So different from the other fnaf games, but this is my favorite so far! I love how it's more of an adventure-horror instead of just waiting in a room, this time you have proper tasks! I am so happy with what you've done, KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!"
,Recommended,506610,25929757,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Teapot_666,amazing! i love it its so erie and scary! but im stuck on night 5!!! amazing work scott!
,Recommended,506610,25930050,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,UGotGlocked,I love these games.
,Recommended,506610,25930127,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Ezralyg,thanks the patch 1.0.2 i think it is the desk cutscene now works also i love this game i recomend  it
,Recommended,506610,25930231,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Britega,"I have enjoyed this game greatly.Sister Location offers a fun alternative to the usual ""Sit & Survive"" style gameplay of the other FNAF games;There is an array of puzzles and clever tricks awaiting the player, a great way for Scott to change the level of interactivity the player has with the world around them.This game has really brought FNAF forward, appealing to newer players and puzzle enthusiasts, whilst remaining part of the horror genre.The story is central this time, and it really helps the FNAF fan in my heart appreciate the world even more."
76561198183655177,Recommended,506610,25930297,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Spin Hokage,It's so good but it's also CREEPY!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,25930317,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,a.marshal.gamer,it was an awsome game i really enjoyed itthe game was story drivenbut its not five nights at freddys do not buy this game if u want five night at freddys
,Recommended,506610,25926537,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,TheStormPegasus,I keep getting stuck on night 2 when the biddy babs are supposed to leave and then I just sith there and nothing happens. Plz fix
76561197973717191,Recommended,506610,25926983,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Con_Artist101,"MY GOD WHAT HAVE I DONE?!?!?!......I bought this game, and right after the first jumpscare i was asking myself the above mentioned question. It is so atmospheric and gripping i just want to keep playing it over and over, the scares get me every time and i love it!Would definately reccomend this game to anyone looking to  get their pants scared off, even if they haven't played the other games in the series. It's worth it."
76561198153306725,Recommended,506610,25927010,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,zombie20096,10/10This was by far the best FNAF game I have ever played it was really scaryIt was the scariest FNAF game I have ever playedKeep up the awesome work scott
,Recommended,506610,25927071,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Q1nn 0-4,"![WARNING]! - This review contains spoilers about game mechanics and previous games as well as personal opinions. You've been warned. I'm also open for discussion if wanted. - ![WARNING]!My first thought when seeing first teaser was like: ''Well♥♥♥♥♥♥ who'd expect huh?"". But I swear to god, with each new teaser image it kept getting better and better. So yesterday FNaF:SL launched on steam and I bought it for sheer experience of terror and spooks. And I'm not dissapointed.Many of you know previous FNaF games I suppose.Well forget everything. Sister Location is nothing like them. You're used to this pleasant one room, grow so used to it that the spooks can't really get ya. Well Scott said f*** this. You can't sit in one room any more and have no doors to close. Well♥♥♥♥♥♥ what am I gonna do then??? Apparently progress the game. Time mechanic is gone. If you want to get to the next night now you have to actually do your 'work' instead of just watching cameras and closing doors (or wearing a blood smelling mask).It's really different than other FNaF games, but if I were to be honest, it's a good change. After 4 games of basically doing similiar things, fifth game would be just boring. Story wise, you get this job at a strange, underground place, and you have to maintain the 'stars' aka new animatronics. Phone guy was removed and replaced with AI which will 'guide' you through your job. First night is normal, you make sure animatronics are on the stage and go home. Now the second night is a kicker. Something goes wrong and you have to take care of it. And from here the real game starts.Oh, did I mention that animatronics got voices? They can speak now. And oh boy isn't that f**** scary when you hear it for the first time.If there will be more FNaF games, I hope that Scott will keep this 'free roam' kinda style, and not get back to leisure one room game. Seriously, it got boring in FNaF 3, which in my opinion almost killed the franchise.Personal opinion: Game is 10/10. Story is really interesting, mechanics less repetetive and over all shows greater quality. Good game for ol' fans, as well as new player if they want good horror game. Oh what? Game's♥♥♥♥♥♥cuz it's jumpscare driven? Heck no. I have't experienced any jump scare 'till night 3(SPOILER: It's unavoidable)and still was scared like a ♥♥♥♥♥cat."
,Recommended,506610,25927237,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,lukecam97,Good one Scott. You reinvented five nights at freddy's hahaha. like always night 4 is my only weekness.
76561198335292726,Recommended,506610,25927248,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,angel.2005,D:
76561198335136648,Recommended,506610,25921355,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,tia.morrell,"At the start of night 2 under the desk, I force the door shut twice but I don't get the 'She's watching us' dialogue then the audio starts looping. I sat for half an hour trying to figure it out pressing every button on my keyboard and clicking everywhere but it did nothing.... The only way to exit is pressing 'esc' but then the game starts again and the same thing happens... Has anyone else had this happen?"
,Recommended,506610,25928782,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,FickyFox79,"This Is By Far The Best Game Yet, (I'm Only On Night 3 Because The Game Bugged And I Got Trapped Under The Desk.)  He Putt A Lot Of Effort Into This Game. It Really Is More Nerve Racking, I Believe Its Most Likely Because Its More Interactive Than The Last Games."
,Recommended,506610,25928822,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,iCubos,Listen everyone. I love this game! It has nothing to do with the other fnaf games but i have one complaint. Night 4 is near to impossible to beat. I spent 2hours and a half trying to beat it! I even got a timer on my phone to see how much i could last and after 2.58 mins i died. I keept trying and i still can go pass night 4. its way to hard and i feel that many more are going to strugle going trough that night aswell. The game is enjoyable and its quite fun to play until that night. That night has thaken the fun of the game.
76561198320207381,Recommended,506610,25928991,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,phyllisrowe,"wow. this game is amazing. (warning spoilers)First off. it is free roam! woohoo! second, the jumpscares are amazing. as seen with baby in the trailer, their face plates open. third, it is actually kinda funny. ya know, up to the point of death. in the game you have to do certain things to survive with each character. its a very fun game, and i think people will enjoy it."
76561198336468712,Recommended,506610,25929431,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,KaiGaming13,i thing it may be the best 1 yet 100/10 im books SO GOOD and SO SCARY if lovein this game
76561198136458982,Recommended,506610,25929439,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Tinymanx,"Prior to this game's release, I was one of the people who thought ""Scott's just milking the series at this point, its the same stuff over and over"". But Sister Location is MUCH different. It's not just sit in your office, look at a camera, and shine some lights, It's go places and do things. Its so incredible how different everything is. This is actually a scary game. I highly recommend to anyone who hates the series to give this game a shot, because it's very different than most would think."
,Recommended,506610,25950167,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/jermaintv | Live,Awesome game great fun for streaming but for some odd reason the mouse moves on its own! The rest the game is insanely fun and a recommendation for others
76561198258135813,Recommended,506610,25950429,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DagurTheDeranged,LIke it
,Recommended,506610,25950655,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Goldendragon423,"Amazing game Scott, I got it right when it released, but night 4 is all sooo frustrating!! Still amazing game tho ;)"
76561198042978611,Recommended,506610,25950839,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SymbioticKaos,"I haven't even got past night 2 and I am loving this game.  I have been a follower of the FNAF games since day one, and towards the end I started getting bored with the same formulae.  However this title in the series has out done itself, it's different enough to be interesting, but still has the same horror and charm as the original titles.  I can't wait to see what stories the fan base come up with after this one."
,Recommended,506610,25950866,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,MazeCuber,the game is great i love it it.i love this game because it is new and the game does not repeat it self like the other games didand also the storyif you think you shuold get the game then get it 'cause if you like horror games then this is something right for you :)-MazeCuber
76561198291363285,Recommended,506610,25950992,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,| KLEK | Origami Folder,"Crazy fun, I reccomend it completely"
76561198131808911,Recommended,506610,25937939,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Awesome10057,"Night 4 is Impossible!!!!!I understand that Scott released a patch for night 4 becuase of how difficult it is, but it is still very hard. I ussually get to around two minutes thirty before all the springtraps become unwound and I'm so desperate to fix them that I forget about the anamitronics coming through the bottom that I wiggle anyway when I see one on the side (I get the let it climb higher strategy) but I become so paniced that it becomes impossible. If the springlocks went down just a little bit slower I would probably make it, but it just seems so impossible at the end. Thats my problem and I just wish it was made even a little easier to help compensate fo how hard it is, (night 5 is easier) overall great game though and a nice edition to the series."
,Recommended,506610,25937942,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Wirt,"Really fun so far! Feels like a weird mix between Portal and the usual Five Nights fare... some of its kinda almost too difficult, but I shouldn't complain: challenges are good! Think there's a lot more fun character moments in this one as well, which is new for the Five Nights franchise."
76561198028563775,Recommended,506610,25912717,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,thonan1,"This game is amazing, thanks so much Scott. This game is scaring me more than the others... and I loved every part of it!"
,Recommended,506610,25912840,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,polarpunchfizz,"So yes I know I've only played for 0.8 hours but in that time I've beaten night 1 and 2 and am currently ""stuck"" on three but so far this has been so GREAT!!! My heart is racing so much when I was playing it, so good job Scott C. and I personally recommend this game!"
,Recommended,506610,25912846,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Keen,"So far I've been very pleased! This game is beautiful and always finds new ways to keep me on the edge of my seat! These animatronics sound so human on purpose, so you feel FOR them... It combines terror and sympathy to make a very twisted and dark game. Well done, Scott!!"
,Recommended,506610,25910905,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mizan,"I think my game is glitchy because after the first attempt to get me in the game's night 2 it just stops. Nothing happens at all, and I waited for ages for something to come after me. I can't do anything. The door won't open, the game doesn't continue. It just stops.Although from what I did get to see, so far it looks good. I just can't get past night 2 for the lack of movement or jumpscares..."
76561198133093384,Recommended,506610,25910906,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The flame goat,"Funny, and scary. The atmosphere brught me in an unescapible prison of fear. Good work scott, good work."
76561198304768420,Recommended,506610,25910926,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Ryanj,"Great game,im on night 4,think i may have even found a clue to a secret"
76561198164726905,Recommended,506610,25910942,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,jyoung3988,So far this is beyond what I expected. It has moved very far away from the mechanics of the first game. So far I love it.
,Recommended,506610,25910943,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Harpy Carpy,"To fix the under the desk problem, Delete and redownload. Then When It says loud noises and jumpscares, Press DELETE then Play the nights again And It Will Work, DO NOT TURN THE GAME OFF DURING NIGHT 2 Cause the Same Thing Will Happen!"
,Recommended,506610,25910952,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,kEEmStAR,I rate it 10/10its actually AMAZINGand with no doubt is it worth the money!
76561198082408307,Recommended,506610,25911002,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,TBONEBOMB,"The cutscenes are amazing,voices,animation, everything it amazing about this game........but....on one part of the game, you keep going back and forth back and forth,and seems easy,but the thing is, it does not make ANY SENSE, i wind them up great, and i still die, the locks also take way too long to wind up. Beside that, its a good game...."
,Recommended,506610,25911003,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MintySlush,"Other than the Night 2 glitch, game runs well and does it's jobhttps://youtu.be/JTSzsJaBZ-k"
,Recommended,506610,25910491,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Michael Scott,"This is by far the most polished entry in the series. I love the voice acting, the gameplay, and the overall atmosphere. Scott, you really took time at crafting this game into a truly scary experience. FNAF has come so far in the few years it's been alive and I am really loving what I've seen so far. The way you used voice acting as an important part of the gameplay as opposed to just a gimmick really makes this memorable. Thank you Scott for delivering a great experience in this newest title."
76561198074788005,Recommended,506610,25911356,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,[TTD] Zer0,Epic Game! So scary that i died inside.....
,Recommended,506610,25923216,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,JCWgamer,This Game is so fun and amazing. I recommend checking it out as the nights get more and more intense through out the game :)
,Recommended,506610,25923282,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Whiffy5,"Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location is set up a bit different than the previous Five Nights at Freddy's games, and in the best way possible. Instead of regular nights, the nights are split into smaller segments. So if you get jumpscared part way through the night, you won't have to do the entire night again. Usually just one or two segments of the night. This allowed me (and probably other players) to get a few scares, but it also keeps the game from feeling like a chore. Along with the gameplay, the story is pretty interesting, and the voice acting adds a very nice touch. If you are a Five Nights At Freddy's fan, or just wanting to try the series for the first time, I highly recommend Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location."
76561198053770478,Recommended,506610,25925193,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,littleCT,"Honestly? This game is actually entertaining. Scott shyed away form the ""office defense"" idea and actually made a pretty fun game. I'd say this is easily better than his last two Fnaf games. Definitely worth a shot."
76561198329757543,Recommended,506610,25925265,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,capellane16,"I'm in love with this game, the models are so clean and well designed. Its not exactly a mainstream FNaF game but different isn't always a bad thing. It's not my favorite game in the FNaF series but it's definitely number two or three. So far I'm on the 4th night and even though this night makes me want to stab someone... I still love this game."
,Recommended,506610,25925391,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,lexsayshi,"More of a horror experience then a game, and very different from the last 4. Very spooky, and it came out at the right time, October."
76561198069626695,Recommended,506610,25925470,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,chromag72,"i have seen other youtubers play the game unfortuantly i've been unable to get past night 2. most of the audio is missing so i cant do a certain part of night 2 (not gonna spoil it). the voices are also missing.another probllem is the mouse cursor. even i'm not holdng the mouse, the cursor seems to slide across the screen. this makes it hard to actuallly press any buttons.if anyone knows a way to fix this please tell me.but from what i've played so far, i can tell its a good game."
,Recommended,506610,25925579,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,PixilSaturn,"If you liked the other FNAF games, this one sets a new standard for the series.Whereas the other FNAF games were more focused on staying in one place and doing the same things for five nights with growing intensity, Sister Location bucks the trend with each night introducing a new element or twist, requiring you to think on your feet and be very clever to survive. It focuses more on a ""horror story"" aspect rather than single room survival, requiring you to do things like sneak across dark rooms using eery music to determine how close the danger is, or hold a cupboard door shut while tiny animatronics try to wrestle control away from you, or even work on (supposedly) offline animatronics in the parts and service room to fulfill your nightly goals.That's right, goals. No more 12am-6am, this game is all about challenges.It's all very tense and wonderful, and I feel like it speaks wonders about Scott Cawthon's ability to change things up and push himself to a new level. I look forward to your future games Scott, whether they are FNAF or not!"
76561198240984676,Recommended,506610,25925610,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,lonewolfgameing,this was the best game in the ♥♥♥♥ing serice I love it I highly recamend
76561198170669037,Recommended,506610,25925737,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Darkfair,"if you think this is anything like the previous fnaf games, then you'd be definitley mistakenFnaf Sister Location is a game that holds your hand through every little button press and takes you on a very linear path, not giving you as much freedom as the last games, in a sense it does because you can now crawl around in the vents, but the game takes very little skill and structures you to through this very linear path, I'd have love to see a game with more options and not hand holding on every button press. the keyboard thing is a little strange but funny, and Night 4 is a ♥♥♥♥♥. I've been stuck on night 4 all night and it's hard."
76561198158213001,Recommended,506610,25925758,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Chris Jones,This game definitely had more effort put into it than the other ones. I still like the other ones and five nights 2 will always be my personal favourite but this is pretty good I'd give it a good 7.5/10
76561198257760243,Recommended,506610,25920536,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,SunniestTiger94,"An amazing game to the FNAF line up! NOTHING LIKE THE PREVIOUS GAMES WHICH IS WHY IT IS SO GOOD TO HAVE A NEW SPIN ON THE GAME! You move around the map whereas before you were based in one room. The challenges are hard but follows a story which scott has created. Night 4 is very challenging but hopefully i will make it soon! thank you for making this game as i love this game and can't wait for the next one! Love the new characters, especially ballora and baby due to the fact they are our first human based animotronics (may have spelt that wrong) :)! Really good game and would recommend to anyone!"
,Recommended,506610,25909007,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,TheRandomFish,I was SO HYPED for this game but I mean its good but not what I expected... But still its fun
76561198252441358,Recommended,506610,25926511,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mangle_05,I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,25915290,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,RedPandaPaws,"Hey, it's pretty good! :)"
76561198085709745,Recommended,506610,26342743,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Xyfranium,"This game was FANTASTIC! The voice acting was incredible, and really fit each character extremely well. The graphics were pretty good, but it being a Clickteam Fusion game, I can see why. But let's not ignore the elephant in the room, the story. It was nice to see a proper story with characters that have their own individual personalities, although the mystery element from the previous games was amazing as well. Overall, I thing Sister Location was a fantastic game, and well worth the wait."
,Recommended,506610,26344345,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,★ iDestroyXboX™ ★,AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!! and Scary
,Recommended,506610,26342406,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Pennywise,I love this game because i love the fnaf franchise and i love the secrets on it like the new character called ------ i didnt want to spoil it so i did that but Scott Cawthon I LOVE YOU
76561198184331438,Recommended,506610,26074043,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,soundscrape,"Really cool, fun little game! I have played the first game and was intrigued with it, but it was a bit boring after awhile. This one is much more interesting as there is quite a bit of humor and the situations can be intense. I'm stuck on Night 4 however, and have played it endlessly so I'm quitting it now. Great fun at first, but much too difficult to survive Night 4."
,Recommended,506610,26074251,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,M36games,"This game is amazing!! The only glitch I experienced was fixed a few days later. It is very scary and has amzing voice acting. It is also very funny at parts. The Animations and the graphics were outstanding!! My only problem was how easy and short the game was. Other than that, it was a great and scary experience! 910, in my opinion the best one yet! I reccomend this to anyone, because some people who didnt like the other games really enjoyed this one! Good for fans and not fans of fnaf. Great twist to the game series!"
76561198336606835,Recommended,506610,26074302,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Tracer,i love the story line and how the atmosphere is so creepy. wouldn't want it to be real
76561198165928167,Recommended,506610,26080093,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,My name is jeff.,Very Fun
76561198322011522,Recommended,506610,26080213,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,THE TOASTER PLAYZ,its the best that i have ever played in my life
,Recommended,506610,26080549,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Labmanuki,The best Five Nights At Freddys game yet i love the action of the game and inrteraction with the animotronics
,Recommended,506610,26080561,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Irishwoodcut,"Not the best in gameplay in the series, but definitely great if you're here for the story. The original probably has the most replay value having the most to look at and do."
,Recommended,506610,26079648,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Werhogman,Need more casual bongos8.5/10 its ok
,Recommended,506610,26074114,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ShaiSai,I have a voice now.
,Recommended,506610,26076605,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,youngscoobydude,Good  game and great graphics definitely recommend and worth it
76561198193329039,Recommended,506610,26640974,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ZapIsHavingANap,Great game 11/10 really scary great job
76561197972795023,Recommended,506610,25913876,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Miles O'Tool,What a very fun installment in an original franchise.. I will say Night 4 was a bear and it made me want to kick something lol... I do look forward to going back through and searching for easter eggs..Thanks Scott.. it was worth the wait for me..
76561198208107225,Recommended,506610,25914210,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,derpydarkstar,"I love the game as a whole HOWEVER, I keep running into this glitch constantly on the second night where I am hiding for roughly 5 or more minutes... and haven't been able to get passed after holding the door shut twice. AGAIN not dissing the game just want some way to figure this out or seeing if others are having this same problem. ;-;"
76561198313400657,Recommended,506610,25916350,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,billiots,THIS GAME IS AMASING ANDFUNNY!!! :D
76561198260990842,Recommended,506610,25916504,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,fnafcarlos,I love this game so far love the voice acting best fnaf game ever
,Recommended,506610,25916611,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Paclac,amazing game much better then all 4 combined.
,Recommended,506610,25916682,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The Legend of Jonnii,I spent two hours alone on night 4.Night 1 & 2 gameplay for anyone curious but ♥♥♥♥ night 4 still.https://youtu.be/7U_FUGn5q3k
76561198041739403,Recommended,506610,25916803,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,mcordawn,"i am barely in this game and i am terrified and its not the jumpscares (they are not that bad actually) its the atmosphere, i recomend this game and there is a glitch on night 2 (witch i bypassed somehow) which prevents you form progressing but scott shold be patching this soon"
76561198119549464,Recommended,506610,25916827,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,FluffyBunnies2.0,if you are getting this game be warned it is a story based game and involves actual thought and effort to figure out the mechanics of each night but is pretty good amazing voice acting but is a little shorter than the other games
76561198137922017,Recommended,506610,25916864,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,bcunnin,"Wow, Good job, Scott!"
,Recommended,506610,25916872,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,killer kid 59,Hey this is a really good game Scott took a long time to make it the voice acting is good the drawings are good everything in my opinion is good except holy balls this game is hard I can't even get past night two like Jesus
76561198156478779,Recommended,506610,25916479,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,keatonace856,"After beating the game I would say this game is shorter than the others, but still loved the game and the story and how the story ties in with the book The Silver Eyes. But even after beating the game I found out there are multiple endings and the game has replay value. Overall I would say the price for the game is perfect and worth the money."
76561198336543308,Recommended,506610,25916962,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ToxicCatGamer,I have been a fan of Five Nights at Freddy's for a while and I can honestly say I was not expecting this! It the most awesome game I have played in a while! It is very different from the rest of the series but in a VERY good way. I really recomend this game but try to play the first 4 (or 5) games if you havent and read the book! It will make a lot more sense! Anyway good job and I extremely recommend this game!!!!
76561198183884982,Recommended,506610,25916973,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,jesusherrera16.jh,amazing. new ideas and gameplay. fnaf isn't over yet.
76561198256283584,Recommended,506610,25917049,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,The Steve Nation,"It's a fresh twist to the series,  I'm satisfied:)"
76561198182749129,Recommended,506610,25917151,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,acaidcs,"So far I have gotten to night 3 on this game and let me say, it's way different then all the other Five Nights at Freddy's games. The Sister Location game, is way more fun then jus sitting in your office all night long. This one has a great feel to it and I highly recommend this game if you want to see a real(Not fan made) But a real different Five Nights at Freddy's game because this one is the best one your going to find."
76561198142438196,Recommended,506610,25917156,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Brian98270,If you want a good combo of funny storys and scary this is YOUR game!
,Recommended,506610,25995871,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,SUPADRAY,"Great game! Introduces new gameplay towards the Five Nights at Freddy's Series, where each night offers something new. Each nights explores different mechanics needed to get through and that is what I, personally find interesting, having to play the previous 4. However It is quite simple to blind play through the first few nights. Night 4 in particular was extremely challenging as your timing have to be impeccable or something to make it through as one mistiming could result in a death.Overall great game if you want to play by yourself or with some friends for the scares and interesting lore!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ups1ZLH2HJs"
76561198169760338,Recommended,506610,26000224,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,danielonstreamz,"I reccomend this game. I love fnaf unlike the other games this one is a new take. You can move like fnaf 4 just with less limitations. Rather than a six hour shift it's a true traditional horror game, it has unique mechanics like moving around to get to different areas, different ways to survive like crawling throught the vents, playing the audio, closing the desk door crawling through the galleries, and restarting the systems at the breaker room whixh is accessed by crawling through the ballora gallery, if sucessful you will reach the room in which you must play different audio before rebooting the systems for successful survival then you must crawl to the main control panel, over all it's a fun and unique game with a twist, I reccomend it."
76561198315186718,Recommended,506610,25995106,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,OrThePuppetFNAF,THIS GAME IS AWSOME .AND SO DIFFERENT FROM THE OTHER FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY'S GAMES!I LOVE IT!
76561198293754069,Recommended,506610,25995529,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Kyle,Great game and fun too. I like its new mechanics and story as well.
76561198065969620,Recommended,506610,25914487,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,[ADGD]tagey,Spoopy. You've outdone yourself Scott!I know its a simple review.10/10
,Recommended,506610,26299184,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ROUGHDAWG,Probably The Best FNAF I Ever Played.😦
,Recommended,506610,25938782,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,IvanSword,"This is game is the cleary example of improving at developer of games, 10/10 scott"
76561198038997605,Recommended,506610,26304833,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,JosephCraftHD,Is a horror spook fest thats fun for all the ages
76561198174008325,Recommended,506610,26306588,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Afraz 03,"This game is awesome! Great job Scott! The game is scary, atmospheric, sometimes even funny. I'm a theorist and love the lore and the gameplay itself. This series is my favorite series of all time. Please who ever is thinking of getting this game or any of the other games in the series, please get them, its worth the money, time, and effort!"
76561198339535917,Recommended,506610,26277525,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,NYANCATOL119,I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(subsribe to GamersLoremore in 3 months)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,26277288,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,XfndX,Best Fnaf game EVER also I came out one day before my birthday and I got ond my birthday had to wait one day unlike the other fanf games
76561198322753162,Recommended,506610,26278509,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,MrBobby12346,it is the best game ever
,Recommended,506610,26278986,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,[cTF2w] DannyCelebratesHisBDay,"Guide: ""Tell Funtime Foxy to wake up by forcing painful 500 volt shocks on him.""Me: ""Uhhhh......."""
,Recommended,506610,26281563,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Actual Pupper IRL,Really refreshing and entertaining take of the FNAF franchise.
,Recommended,506610,26281655,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ItsTannyman,"It seems like everytime I play, my mouse moves on its own...? Idk if it's suppose to do this or not? Please Help! Other than that, Great Game! Very Tense and great jumpscares. :)"
76561198035195667,Recommended,506610,26281804,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BlackOutBoss,when is coming to android?
76561198179491523,Recommended,506610,26316506,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,maticore,"this game is awesome! i really like the whole ""complete missions"" kind of game. not just sittin' and waiting 'till 6 AM. Scott, you did an amazing job, putting this game together."
76561198238325710,Recommended,506610,26316509,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,youknowwhatidc,SOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
76561198243061752,Recommended,506610,26277515,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Mememan Dan,Honestly a pretty spooky game perfect for halloween. I reccomend this game to people who have played the first 4 FNAF games but were always expecting to see something more from it
,Recommended,506610,26362217,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,edrouin2004,This game is really fun and at parts can get REALLY had for people (#Me) but overall I recommend it to everyone that loves scary games and are in the lore of FNAF.
,Recommended,506610,26265740,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Conn414,I love this game. But mr.cawthon you outdid yourself.
,Recommended,506610,26258144,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Popeye the Sailor,"Not gonna lie. Was a bit skeptical on buying this. The other Fnaf games weren't very good and I thought this would be no exception. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥was I wrong. This game is surprisingly good. Kudos to Scott. the only thing I dont like about this series is the fandom and the recent ""Exotic Butters"" meme. Its just really overused. other than that this is the best one yet.-Eggs Benedict"
76561198061102903,Recommended,506610,26364828,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,GreenGamerM,This game is awesome I love it
76561198309148837,Recommended,506610,26365101,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,FnafFuntimes,"its the best game ive ever seen in my life from the fnaf series, but who knows the code for the funtime chica jumsare in the elevator? let me know please."
76561198163101797,Recommended,506610,26379598,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,nolis_7,"BEsT hORRoR GaME evEr=D =(""&%""**¨^'^^'_¨^¨^¨¨^¨^``\\:!#"
76561198280940389,Recommended,506610,26379770,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Doritos,is good
76561198069215971,Recommended,506610,26614281,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,TheClassicGamer176,"Definitely one of the best games in the franchise its creepy, unique, and you FINALLY get to move your character around (sort of). The game is short you'll probably finsish it in one hour or two, but all the FNAF games are short. I give this game 10/10"
76561198036151576,Recommended,506610,26696600,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Sarician_Dev9959,"I liked how this game gave you and other people different things to do, and i liked the endos for the robots that you got to see <3Getting this game is worth it!"
76561198337797016,Recommended,506610,26698680,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SpoonLord,I think this  a very fun and scary point and click story game I definitely recommend this game also thanks Scott for making the game
76561198344090975,Recommended,506610,26638067,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Cheesier,Pretty Good But Very Boring
,Recommended,506610,26640434,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,APeskyBee,This game was certanly the best FNaF game in my opinion not only because you dont have to sit it an office but the graphics and sound is amazing and the TV show you get at the end of the nights is amazingly halarious (did I spell that correctly) I rate 5 stars if there was a star option(To long :( )
,Recommended,506610,26952418,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Arkham Gaming,Amazing game with a twist ending! By far the best FNAF game!
,Recommended,506610,27020948,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kellen Denno,One of the greatest games ever made I loved everything about it definity worth $8.00
76561198277633571,Recommended,506610,26757326,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,bottle-top-cyanide-pill,"nice voice acting, suspenseful gameplay, it's the best one in the series."
,Recommended,506610,26905338,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,🌟MrTools🌟,This is so awesome and the best game of the FNaF Franchise!
76561198309566570,Recommended,506610,26835733,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,undertalekid14575,awsome game and fun gameplay! good job Scott:)
,Recommended,506610,26899963,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Naydde 🐱,"This game definitely changes what Five Nights at Freddy's was. It's a neat game, though. It's hard and scary, nice work!"
76561198304908338,Recommended,506610,26754443,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,vault boy,da best gam
76561198289782281,Recommended,506610,26751340,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,BenDuDe36FS,"Scary, Original, Heart-racing, Five Nights at Freddy's, #1 horror game I've ever played, and I played Until Dawn and Slender: The Arrival"
76561198236006282,Recommended,506610,26983152,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Prince Azzy,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,506610,26766267,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,evbyshepherd11,"now basically i have to say one thing, i absolutley loved this game, the story was dark, the character development was good, gameplay wise, the game completley switched it up. You don't just sit in an office and spend 6 hours trying to survive, you have actual different objectives, every night is different than the last, and over all just so unique compared to the last 4 games. however i have mainly two problems with the game. 1.) This game just felt really short compared to the other games, and 2.) what really bothered me was the fact that everytime you died, there isn't too many checkpoints. For example, say your on night 2, and you are in the breaker room, and you just got killed, once that happen, you are back in the control module, meaning you have to crawl back through ballora gallery, and reset the rooms all over again. So in conclusion, i give this game a 9.5/10"
76561198186020007,Recommended,506610,26741508,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,DJSTARZ,Great Game 10/10 I love this series there is no words to explain how amazing this game is.........
,Recommended,506610,25915147,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,starstolen,"It's been over a year since the release of the last proper Five Nights At Freddy's game and it was totally worth the wait!It's obvious that the developer, Scott Cawthon, poured his heart and soul into creating a very new, yet refreshingly familiar environment for us to play around in.  Sister Location contains all the spooks, mystery, and cheesy narration we know and love.  This time around, however, we get a more hands-on experience.  We aren't sitting at a desk or in our bed the entire time, waiting (or perhaps dreading would be the better word) for them to come to us.  Oh no, my friends, we are directed to wander out and look for trouble.The animatronics are fully voiced by professional actors (no offense at all to Scott's own ""Phone Guy"" work from previous installments, haha) and the sound track contains some very spooky and even fun (yes, fun) original musical pieces.  The ""Shift Complete"" song (cheesy 80's jingle?) is a personal favorite!  The environments and atmosphere create a lot of tension and those vent sequences will always beg the question ""will they or won't they?""Those with complaints about the short time it takes to ""complete"" the set-path story and get the ""Yay you did it"" star on the main menu need delve back into the game.  The 1-star ending, while great, leaves a lot of questions.  Take some time to find all the mysteries you know Scotty C. hid in there as he usually does.  We know there is always more to the story than what meets the eye in this franchise.10/10, would ""WTFFFFF?!?! *COVER EYES*"" again."
,Recommended,506610,25915148,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,CopyCattt,LOOK THIS GAME IS THE BEST ONE IN THE SERIES BY EVERYTHING IN THE GAME THE JUMPSCARES WAS SO SCARY
,Recommended,506610,25915160,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ReBBeaR,last fnaf game...so improved 100000/1 i would play it again
34444444444444444,Recommended,506610,25915213,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,PUGS SUCK!!!!,omg so hard and scary thank you scott your the best i remember your first game love it
76561198068187300,Recommended,506610,25915247,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,dr3am,It's a great expirence. Took me 7 hours just to beat! One of the nights gave me a lot of trouble.
76561198320763677,Recommended,506610,25915268,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,SwaggyG,Not the best fnaf game but storyline wise this was the BEST DRIVEN FNAF STORY EVER!!!!! but is there going to be a sequel or a second ending or extra nights in this game p.s when are u releasing a mobile version of this game?
76561198217378168,Recommended,506610,25915544,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,SpacecatWizard,"Omg this game. Its amazeing. It beats all 4 so far and is very, very scary.. or thats just me xD Ballora has to be the scariest in my opinon so far!"
76561198002951956,Recommended,506610,25915595,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Anathema_Dreamer,"yeah yeah yeah, scary dolls and some evil supernatural plot sure. But man, how about those casual bongos?!"
,Recommended,506610,25915599,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Fenderchic,Game bugs out everytime I get under the desk on night twoplease help
,Recommended,506610,25915624,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Excellionus,"I gotta say, this is the BEST one yet.  I was on Night 2, near the end I think, and Bidybab got me.  Nicely done Scott!"
76561198203996584,Recommended,506610,25915654,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,TimedIntegral1,"For some reason when I'm on ight 2 at the ""under the desk stage"", after the door tries opening twice, I end up being stuck on tat one levle and nothing else happens at all! It could be because I'm playing on my labtop wich is slower te my actual PC      but I haven't checkd because I'm unable to use my PC at the moment, maning I can't check o see if it has the same problem."
,Recommended,506610,25915655,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Everyone..I'm sorry.. (DNTM),"This is the bestes FNaF game I've ever played. Once you get to Nights 2 - 4 It gets hard (If you don't listen (Espically to Baby (wink,wink ;) ))) I recommend this to ANYONE :D"
,Recommended,506610,25915668,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,THE BEST JOESTAR,"Oh my god...Scott Cawthon has done it again. I enjoy the FNAF games, but this one has gone a step above. Do I reccommend this game? Yes. But i do NOT, i repeat NOT reccommend it to anyone who is scared at all. This game legitimately made my heart start hurting after 15 minutes of play. I seriously can't play more than 15 minutes a day because i'm worried that i'll have a heart attack. And i'm not joking, either."
76561198170642437,Recommended,506610,25915676,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Bio21,"Wow, i just finished this game, and i have to say, amazing job Scott! I was completely overwhelmed by this game, didn't expect it to be so good! This is a major improvement over the other games, the gameplay is very different too! I loved how you could actually move your character in the vents, and in Ballora's and Foxy's rooms. I also love how each night had a different gameplay mechanic introduced. The models and all that looked really awesome too, the game was really creepy, the suspense was killing me! The voice acting was a spectacular addition that differentiates this game from the others, great job to the voice actors! The fact that you could eat popcorn at some parts just screams good game. Plus, i really liked the bits of comedy in the elevator, managed to get a few laughs.There are 2 things which i didn't like, although not major things.1. There is a game breaking bug at Night 2, which many people seemed to have. After you close the door for the 2nd time after Bidybab opens it, nothing happens at all. So, i had to go into the game files and change it to night 3, so i never got to see Ballora :/2. I personally think Night 4 was too hard. I liked the concept with the springlocks and all, but it took me really long to beat it, it was the hardest night out of all of them in my opinion.Even with those two things, i still think the game is amazing. The best and creepiest in the franchise in my opinion! Awesome job Scott!"
76561198127808747,Recommended,506610,25915732,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Aura,J-just.. AWESOME.
,Recommended,506610,25915758,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Noahfp,Funn
76561198254791360,Recommended,506610,25915866,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DrCrow,This game is a fun game  i started playing today it is fun and just really good i would advise you play a bit of it but not to much it is really scary and my first scare got my heart racing so please be careful out there pals and the mechanics are really  well thought and i'm not trying to say to much :3 but it would be fun to visit this game once or twice just don't overplay this game
,Recommended,506610,25915896,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,FlippingPancakes55,"This game was AMAZING! the Graphics have improved x100, The game has improved x100, and i completely LOVE IT! Give Give scooty boi all yo money! ALL OF YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER THANK YOU SO MUCH SCOTT"
76561198145534090,Recommended,506610,25915930,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Clutchsky_Vinyl,SCOTT PLEASE TELL ME HOW TO BEAT NIGHT 4 ITS SUPER HARD
76561198207749440,Recommended,506610,25915942,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Nostalgic Ninja,"Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location is a very enjoyable story based horror game, with free roam elements. You find yourself underground as the maintinence worker for Circus Baby's Pizza World. You face challenges such as going in vents, fixing their power, and hiding from the animatronics. You try to survive the night from Funtime Freddy, Funtime Foxy, Ballora, Circus Baby, and more! Once you finish your tough job, you get to chill out at home, watch some T.V and play some Circus Baby arcade games(aka minigames). Overall, this is a really fun, not to mention scary game, and it is probably the best one out of the series!"
76561198243532294,Recommended,506610,25913308,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,nagolfier,"Scott please read this.I Like this game very much but the only problem is 3rd night.You are probably wondering why i am upset,well in 3rd night when you go into the parts and services and open up funtime freddys body and clickthe button bonnie is gonewell i saw him behind funtime freddys back.Well i was wondering how to click bonnies button because it is fully behind funtime freddys back.And when bonnie the puppet jumpscares do you push his button then,or do you have to find clues on funtime freddy?Im really wanting to pass that night."
76561198316954684,Recommended,506610,25939117,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Gouldhanna,i loved how scott told the story and how it came all together and wonderfully i REALLY recommend this game
76561198156505753,Recommended,506610,25939222,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Cirrusfire,Great edition to the series
76561198107697811,Recommended,506610,25939746,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,squiliumramsbotom,"This game is so much fun. It has the feel and horror of the first games, but in a new and improved package! I love the new mechanics of the game, while also using old ones mixed in with them. I would suggest playing or at least knowing the story from the older games (makes it so much more fun), and/or watching 8-Bit Gaming's videos on theories before the game was released, but it is not necessary. I would highly reccomend anyone this game if you enjoy horror and suspense! Be ready for Night 4 though..."
,Recommended,506610,25940137,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,chessypickmen34 CSGO500,Ok to start the game was verry diffresnt for mthe other goames. you do not have to survive until 6 am insted there are objectives you have to do. every night is diffrrent. Now my personal thoughts on the game are it was pretty good but the ending was♥♥♥♥♥♥like you would expect form a FNAF game
,Recommended,506610,25940413,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,portal2turret,"This game is incredible. I expected something more like the first four games, but this one is extremely different in the best way possible. I think what makes it such a step up from the previous games is the voice acting. You get a lot more than just Scott acting as Phone Guy at the beginning of every night. The animatronics speak, which actually can be really creepy. The story also is a lot more obvious, which I like personally.In short, Scott has really outdone himself with this one. I highly recommend it."
76561198089498813,Recommended,506610,25935829,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,mmacri30,Dont worry you dont need a buff computer to play this my computer sucks and it works fine but and other game normally runs like trash i have a lenovo thinkpad t420. I have been playing fnaf 5 for not too long but sence im not someone who plays much horror games the jumpscares gave me miniheart attacts and im only 13 but its still really fun scott cawthon did a really good job at making the game the graphics are good the story is good theres some funny parts too. SPOILER ALERT baby talks to you and gives you a few hints like hiding under the desk or on night 3 go to babys audiotorium and hide under the desk she speaks to you im still discovering the game and its really fun.
,Recommended,506610,25936089,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,KBLively,"This is a great game and wonderful contuition of the FNaF sereis. I wouldn't have guessed the game was going to go into this direction, but I'm so glad it did. It makes me very excited for what the series will hold in the future. While the game is a bit short if you just play straight through and don't look for secrets, but is worth the price"
76561198097879145,Recommended,506610,25936236,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Canadian fever,best five nights game I played
76561198214703707,Recommended,506610,25916319,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,slappyslenderman,"I love this more than the others to be honest. i just miss the ""survival"" aspect"
,Recommended,506610,25916322,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DarthVader,I played this game for 48 minutes and for some reason when i play horror games my legs go numb. It took me 2 hours for me to get the feeling of my legs again. Overall this is the scariest fnaf game i have even seen. 10/10
,Recommended,506610,25916337,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,SithDestroyer,"Where should I start?GAMEPLAY: If you think you can only play the original way of the FNAF games, this isn't for you. Every night is different, with nothing resembling the original games. How does that hold up? Awesomely. The variety keeps the game fresh, especially since it's more story driven. 10/10GRAPHICS: The visuals are the best i've seen from a Clickteam game. Baby and her friends are all awesome looking, and shiny. 10/10STORY: For the first time in my life with FNAF, I don't know anything. The game isn't as clear as it was with the other games. It's gonna take some time to find it all out. It seems to be an AU, like The Silver Eyes, but a different one. Not sure if it is though, it's just an idea. 10/10CONTENT: There isn't much aside from the main nights. Granted, the game will take a while, it's very hard, but it seems empty. People have said they found things in the files, but I haven't seen them. Scott might be adding stuff, or there's a big secret to find something. 9/10OVERALL: 9/10The game is fresh and new, making you come back for more. It's very scary, with free-roam too. This game, WILL NOT, dissapoint."
76561198272103935,Recommended,506610,25918567,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,aaron.coulter2001,i've played fnaf 1 fnaf2 fnaf3 fnaf4 and fnaf world they were great. I think this game is awsome and i hope does just as good on his next game. i got level 4 on sister location in about 3 hours
76561198205016207,Recommended,506610,25918611,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Nightmare FreddyGaming,SCOTT one prat in the game on night 2 not working?
,Recommended,506610,25918737,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,wiigui,"This game changes so much, you won't just get used to one room because you are almost aways going somewhere else. Which was something people wanted since FNAF 2, I also like how the gameplay changes alot, but sometimes it's hard to know EXACTLY what to do. (SPOILERS AHEAD) Night 1 was a bit to easy, i wish it lasted longer. Night 2 was intense. Night 3 was very spoopy. (F. Freddy's head opening killed me) Night 4... Was way to difficult, maybe if there were only 6 springlocks i'd be happy. Night 5 was awesome, i loved the twist. Alot of people say the intermissions with the T.V show is a bit stupid, but i like it because it calms you down and it cheers you up so your ready for the next night. I also don't think it is EXACTLY worth 8.79 but if your a huge fan of the series then go on ahead, if your new then maybe wait for a sale. 8.5/10"
76561198053306831,Recommended,506610,25974787,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,BEERFRME,Cool but to hard it took me 6 min to beat freddy and bonnie fixing them.
,Recommended,506610,25974793,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Jason Voorhees™,"The best and most enraging (if going in blind espeacially) FNAF game scott has made, as well as nothing like the original 4.Voice acting, Different senarios each night,(sorta) an animatronic actually HELPING you, and multiple other things that I can't think of right now as I type this.10/10But we knew that the original concept wasn't lost..."
76561198202500656,Recommended,506610,25975521,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Finnthehero,THIS GAME IS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD But inght 4 is impossible ive ben playing for 4 hr straight and i havent got anywhere!Scott you ned to remove it and replace the night with something else!
,Recommended,506610,30890797,Posted: 1 April,all,Feuer,"This game is just wonderful. Storyline, gameplay, i love it. I am glad to have experienced the joy that is Sister Location, and i hope you keep up the great work, Master of the codes, Scott Cawthon."
76561198296146605,Recommended,506610,26060749,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,dragonhunteren,i loved dis game!
,Recommended,506610,26061483,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,NindiePlay,Amazing
76561198175288263,Recommended,506610,26073271,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,greks007,OMG THIS GAME IS SO GOOD! 11/10
,Recommended,506610,26073747,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Burriserrn,Best game 10\10!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,26067125,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Funtime,the exotic butters will defenetly be a meme XD
76561198303484062,Recommended,506610,26130493,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,LazyReviews,"I'm giving this game a five star rating. My reasons? Amazing graphics, spooky atmosphere, great gameplay, scarier jumpscares, and more! The only thing I miss is Freddy being the main mascot. He is first seen on the second night and on the 3rd night and that's it(without spoiling the game). This game is super scary! I recommend this game for any horror or FNAF game fan."
76561198194678954,Recommended,506610,26130612,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,nick zip,best game ever
,Recommended,506610,26136813,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,deadpool6682,This Game Is Soo Fun Nice Jumpscares And Everything Else!!!!
,Recommended,506610,26135026,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,LunkAwesomeness,"Now I just have to say Scott, that u have broken the 4th wall with this 1, though I have to say that u have done a lot in the community or whatever that this game is the best one yet. Thank u Scott, and I hope u keep making more games. I'm not forcing u though"
,Recommended,506610,26135038,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Hexy-Lexy,this game is the best! can't wait for the update or if there is any further instalments to the series and i hope theres a fnaf world update 3
,Recommended,506610,26133472,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Igur,"I really enjoed the game, so awesome, waiting for FNaF SL 2 :D"
,Recommended,506610,26131347,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Neon6X -iwnl-,da
,Recommended,506610,25967956,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,PeashooterPlayz [Trade.tf],Amazing Game But WAY SCARY
,Recommended,506610,26160675,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,RadioactiveCorupptions,okay so this game has the most gameplay out of all of them (1-4) this isn't as good as the first one but i just love the time and the jokes (AAAAAAANNNNGGGGGGGGGGSSSSSSTTTTTTTTTYYYYYYYYY TTTTTTTEEEEEEEENNNNN) but what i loved most was how scoot used the voice acting. well :EXOTIC BUTTERS: soz i was on the extras i beaten the games  both endings and well it was HARD i would have to say overall 9/10
76561198224051716,Recommended,506610,26159821,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,benefactorz12,"For me, this is by far the FNAF game with the most revelations and it has more of a storyline gameplay than the everynight-flashlight/door action. I actually said to myself that I would no longer interest myself in the FNAF storyline, but it'll really convince you to keep playing as you progress through the first nights especially if you've played the previous games. I don't know if this is the last FNAF (most-likely not) but, it's gotta end someday. For now, I'm giving this a thumbs up because it somehow, successfully took some of my time just to get the first ending."
,Recommended,506610,26155498,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Owl,"So, I loved the original four games. I suck at them, but I love them. That being said... This is probably my favorite game in the series.This installment of the FNAF series adds a whole plethora of new features and reasons to play. Instead iof sitting in a single room every night (which was fine in the original four, they were still very fun), you actually face new puzzles and situations every night in the maintenance sections of the Sister Location.I'm no good at writing reviews, so I'll just end with the simple fact that I seriously recommend this game to anyone who is looking for an Indie Horror experience to enjoy."
76561198130226651,Recommended,506610,25913477,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,outfoxed,"I'm not admittedly that far in the game (died twice then quit out of fear), but so far it's awesome (as in I'm scared to play it again). It spends time setting up in a similar fashion to FNAF 3, but then it throws way more at you (seriously, just hold the desk). It is definitely a lot different than the others (minus the scared part). And perhaps it's just me, but the jumpscares in this one get me more than the old ones (minus the time I made a certain sound, which I won't verbally admit to making if you ask me about it, while playing the first FNAF)."
,Recommended,506610,25913494,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Jacket Josh,"I Like This game....kinda....I like the fact that it isn't just ""another FNaF game"" but i don't like two things,1. How it is more of an interactive movie and not a gae2. the fact that half the stuff in the 'game"" is not relevant at all..I like this game, but i just don't like the weird things"
,Recommended,506610,25913618,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,zaremoncheese,It's bloody difficult no thank you6/9
,Recommended,506610,25913640,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Belodias,"This game is terrifying. It's more than just jumpscares (even though the jumpscares get me everytime). It builds a lot of suspense in different situations. It puts you different places with different animatronics. Night 2 may be bugged, but Scott will fix that later. Scott, thanks for everything you've done that has impacted my life. I definitely recommend this game. I haven't beaten it yet, but I definitely intend to. Thx for reading!"
76561198172870937,Recommended,506610,25913849,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Christof14 - Riolu,"Game looks good, love the new place and mechanics.Thanks for making sister location <3"
,Recommended,506610,25913885,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Bug The Let's Player,THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAVE IS THE FOURTH NIGHT!!!!! I'VE BEEN ON THIS NIGHT FOR FIVE ♥♥♥♥ING HOURS AND STILL HAVEN'T BEAT IT!!! LOWER THE ♥♥♥♥ING DIFFICULTY SCOTT!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,25913894,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,smasher502,This little sh*t is trying to open my hidey hole. too scary 10/10
76561198156711209,Recommended,506610,25913907,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Zenith001,"You my ask yourself ""how is this different from any other fnaf game?"". well this one has something so revelutionary it could be game of the year. you can watch vampire cartoons and eat popcorn #RELATABLE"
,Recommended,506610,30869676,Posted: 1 April,all,SMM9673,"My experience with Sister Location, in a nutshellHours of watching Markiplier's playthroughs.Getting the game.Playing through to the first star ending.Looking at the negative reviews.People, don't judge a game by its peers. AND ESPECIALLY DO NOT JUDGE A GAME BY ITS FANBASE.And people wonder why I've already lost faith in humanity (mostly because of the massive idiotic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ization of a president is running the country)."
,Recommended,506610,26108297,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Eh,"Pretty big improvement (my opinion) on all the other games and how it plays its pretty good and well made, good job scott ya did good"
,Recommended,506610,26133881,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,IApLYT,Hey fans of FNAF! I really hoped you all did enjoy this amazing game from Scott Cawthon ever since i started playing the game it inspired me to make  my own fnaf games so i decided to sponser the game on youtube and Social Media such as Instagram etc!Here is a message to scott to thank him for all these AMAZING games!Hello Scott you might know me from the community but i need to ask a few questions!To be honest they are supposed to be things about the game but you dont need to add them!Will the game come out on IOS/SAMSUNG USER HOLDERS?When you said about the custom night i thought you could add point systems so if anyone in the game survives the longest without dying they get 10 points every 3 mins! So they can use these in a point shop so they can get a star every  100 points!  This would be good if people cant get passed ENNARD on the secret ENDING {SPOILERS 4 SOME PPL}!pls accept on adding these to the game! I would like a reply ASAP or any chance youve got free!
,Recommended,506610,25936431,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Chainsaw574,I LOVE THE GAME
,Recommended,506610,26015673,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Mystogan,"Realy good game, but on night 3 the bonny hand puppet is so sensitive that when i pu a tiny bit of the flashlight on it, it dissapeares (can't spell), however, it's not impossible"
76561198320622529,Recommended,506610,26018208,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Naruto Uzumaki  うずまきナ,really good game just one thing though.There is a no-save bug/glitch in the game for some peopel so be prepared.I dont want to harm the game or anything but just saying that is something that needs to be worked on.
76561198335980788,Recommended,506610,26018413,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,VictorWeekend,"Thank you very much for another awesome game, Scott! I really appreciate your work and I love your games. Especially FNaF. Keep going!"
76561198201214873,Recommended,506610,26018984,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Adensstuff,This is a very good game and I hope it gets even better but the one thing that needs to be fixed is that night 4 is to hard that really needs to be fixed scott but so far I give it a 8/10
76561198147981027,Recommended,506610,26021705,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,commoondo,great game hard but great
76561198299849860,Recommended,506610,26190384,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,koridaminato,One of Scott's bests! He did a really great job on this and I recommend it 100%. Thanks Scott and congrats on your book :)
76561198330363153,Recommended,506610,26194197,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,mudcake gaming (livvy),omg this game is amazing and so much different from the other fnaf games i have only gotten up to the third night but i love this game and have had no problems so far i can tell that you put alot of hard work into this game hope you will make a 6th game
76561198132128071,Recommended,506610,26188636,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,iconicfitness1,"this game is amazing it adds a semi free roam experience to the fnaf franchise it is one of the best ever. i would reccomend to any fnaf fans and if your starting of mabye play the original then go to this night 4 is quite difficult, irritating  and repettitive but once youve passed that it goes back to the free roaming fun youve had before."
,Recommended,506610,26156612,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,HaloGamingXYT,Its great! but i hate Night 5 i cant complete it at all its impossible its harder than night 4 (i did night 4 on my first try)fix night 5
76561198327268722,Recommended,506610,26203139,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,melanie.dawn.syrett,its really fun check on baby and her friends there two endings try and get both if can but its up to you  its my favorite game and I hope you all try it and love it as much as I do....
76561198340280151,Recommended,506610,26220712,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,anncynthiaklein,The only scary dang game is this one
,Recommended,506610,26221187,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,SaxXy,"One of my friends gifted me it, it's awesome!"
,Recommended,506610,26221799,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,TIM BEEN,"Five Nights At Freddys: Sister Location is a whole new look at the the FNaF games, its a change from the other FNaF games.. it takes it as a story game, not a survival game.. i like how the voice acting fits so well with the animatronics! i sadly didn't like the new way of the game, i don't really like story based games.. it made it worst since it was a big change to the other games.. i did still like it though, just not for me! i did refund the game.. still waiting for that custom night though! love you scout my man.. ;D"
,Recommended,506610,26221641,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Dylandesi5,Sister Location is very cool and interesting but I cannot get past night 4Any Tips?
76561198321679049,Recommended,506610,26153884,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,SkullGaming,Very good
76561198220525556,Recommended,506610,26170920,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,skasenter,scott I have loved your games since fnaf 1 its well I love foxy freddy bonnie and chica  its 2 years and your still great
,Recommended,506610,26170937,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Tony Montana,It's Awesome But Hard In Night 2 I Was Like No Am Not Doing This! Then I i Beat It I Took 31 Mins XD
,Recommended,506610,26153902,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Faith_Gamer,THIS GAME IS AMAZING #EXOTICBUTTERS
76561198329996842,Recommended,506610,26155625,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Dwatz10rulez,IT'S SO AWESOME BUT CAN U MAKE THE MINNERINAS LESS ATACKFUL?
76561198321595607,Recommended,506610,26155715,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Dblazer06,"It is A great game don't get me Wong but after betting the 5 nights and getting all the endings there is nothing to do well until custom night comes out but it is a great game if you think this is going to be like fnaf 1,2,3 and 4 and you don't like change this game is not for you but if you like change and you are ready for something different from the fnaf franchises this is the game for you"
76561198311201710,Recommended,506610,26416588,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Alazmi05,"this game is AMAZING although i played it the first time already i didn't have money on my steam account but onE question scott, may i have reference of baby image please? i hope you answer"
76561198120700366,Recommended,506610,26420331,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Kayla,"I love this game. The only thing that kinda set me off was how short the game is. But other than that, the game itself is amazing. I love how Scott Cawthon made this game different from the other games. We all thought it was going to be another point and click game, but it's different. It's unique from the other games. You can actually go into different rooms and do a set of tasks, the voice acting is great, and the story is amazing. Great job, Scott! Keep up the good work!"
76561198303204266,Recommended,506610,26156283,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,orangecountyindependent,"I dont really get why (what most people think) you reaveled how purple guy was made. I am only about 10 years old, but im not really easly scared, I even got a jumping spider animatronic for Halloween. This is my favorite game of AAAALLLL time, my favorite night is night 3, and I would say that my least favorite was FnaF 2. Im not trying to be mean, but so many people disliked this game, but I dont care, I love every game. The hardest one was FnaF 3, boy that was though. I cant even beat night 3!!! FnaF 3 also doesn't have a lot of good easter eggs though. I like the cheat code you put in. I tried the 1 9 8 7 order for the characters, and my game just crashed not even for a second. If you make another game, I am going to get it RIGHT away! Can I ask you a question? How come you made enard like mangle, and what happened to his body? Thank you scott cawthon - By Ethan Cunningham/Coasterkid2006"
76561198335968182,Recommended,506610,26157049,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,BabblyWeedDollphin,Hey guys babbly here just saying it would be great for some more nights and Easter eggs plus I  found one but it's really hard to find and it's baby yep baby when ur on n2 in baby's place turn on the light look were balloon boy is baby's reflection cool huh thx
,Recommended,506610,26021156,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,₭ł₦₲ ₮Ɽł₱ ツ,The scariest part of the game was the exotic butters (and the scary casual bongos) :O
,Recommended,506610,26299498,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,TheExtrayDippey,Nice. I like it. The best price. No exceptions
,Recommended,506610,26300500,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,sneaky sneaky snake,"*My opinions on the robots*Circus baby:Nothing happens. So yeahFuntimeFoxy:the one who kills me more than ballora. I hate foxy so much!FuntimeFreddy:Not too bad. A little annoying, but nothing you can't deal with.Ballora:She kills me alot, and i think it's because i am too scared to crawl through Ballora Gallery.Bidybab(s) :Only appears night 2 (or it can appear any night on the elevator). It's not badBonBon: DUMBEnnard:He is a freaking jerk. I can't get past night 5 because of the keypad in Baby. So screw him!Minireena(s):STUPID DUMB PIECES OF S*** WHO SUCK AND ARE DOUCHES ON NIGHT 4. SO SCREW THEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!HandUnit: eh."
76561198145358749,Recommended,506610,26444061,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,CreaterMia,"Really love the game, but I can't get past Bonnie. I know what to do, but no matter how slow I go, he just keeps moving and eventually kills me. So confused and frustrated. Luckily I watched Dawko play it, so I know what happens, but still...want to beat it myself. Can't even get to the difficult and dreaded 4th night. But overrall, still really great game and I enjoy it."
76561198108232911,Recommended,506610,26442231,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ciberj1,scoot pls can u make night 4 easyer pls scoot i tried to pas the night during five long days
76561198058818375,Recommended,506610,26411257,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,RawrSomeGuy,"Great game, Still haven't beat it cause I'm lazy but seen gameplay and from what I've played Its just like all the others. But thats not a bad thing either, just be aware that it's the same concept over and over again."
76561198282162691,Recommended,506610,26616628,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ProneMiner40YT (G.E.W.P),Im a great Fan Of Five Nights at Freddys The Newest Game may be the best yet!Pros:Very HardVoice Acting (not Phone guy going HELLO HELLO?!)Better Graphics then the last gamesCheap Price for A great gameExotic ButterzCons:Not as long as the othersNight 4 is a Bxtch
76561198329118147,Recommended,506610,26652021,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SilverEye95,"Hey Scott, If you will reply then what would the custom  night be like in this game and what do you earn if you beat it the hardest way?"
76561198269490644,Recommended,506610,26681313,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Jellyninja13,"I recommend this game hugely!Pros -- Has Great Graphics- Has More Free Roam [With Foward and Back Arrow Keys]- Better Characters and Easier to Uncover entire plot- Amazing voice acting & Animation Skills- Pretty cheap for a video game- Easy to learn and control [Level do get hard tho.]Cons -- Night 4 will be extremely HARD- You reset every time you die!- Minigames Stink! [Opinions]- Game is only as scary as FNAF 3 [Not so scary.]- Has Many Jumpscares------------------------------DETAILS------------------""Five Nights at Freddy's:Sister Location"" Rated Teen and Recommended age is 12+ (You can be 11 or almost 11 and play)- Violence [2/5]- - There is no true violence, but you can imply through audio, far away pictures, (etc). Has many creepy jump-scares.- Sex [1/5]- - Contains a Spoiler!- - - In the secret ending, 2  Cartoon Couples on a TV kiss. Not Nude tho.These are the only big ones! It has some positive role modes and BTW ANOTHER SPOILER! A Robot Voice trys to cheer up the player by suggesting music and awards of the week.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------What do you think of Sister Location? Does it seem like something you want to play now? P.S, This was many for people who never saw the game before. Thanks for reading. ;)"
,Recommended,506610,26664894,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Bree,"I give It 6/10 sorry but It's not good, The story and how It works Is amazing but on night5 the game crashes and the game glitches ;-; If you have 6gb or more then I really recommend It but If you have something lower then don't buy It, just watch a gameplay on youtube"
,Recommended,506610,26606406,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,IPLAYGAMES,I like the game.. Night 4 is still hard... Can you also subtract the time in the Night 5 where you put in the nimber code? I really need to think but I cant do it because I have a time limit
76561198339637504,Recommended,506610,26612832,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,TROPICAL DEATH,Very Good game and Very good stage.....but I also wanted to survive in the end :(.....but its still a great game :D
76561198257707741,Recommended,506610,26613012,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Carter1027,i completed it great game i hope you create more games
76561198156203471,Recommended,506610,26650436,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,RomanChristianCJ,"I think the games great, really different. But Scott needs to make the minigame easier to acess and the 4th night easier.pPease Scott"
76561198324076618,Recommended,506610,26539830,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,anidivokshi,I really like this game!I totally recommend it and it's fun to play!
76561198202510148,Recommended,506610,26549446,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,alessioed13,Great game that I hope gets a sequal
76561198179552069,Recommended,506610,26739129,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Unbenmin,This is very fun but night 4 is very hard! It's fun and the story is huge! This game is epic!
76561198345215225,Recommended,506610,26739569,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,VersedRobin1492,I JUST BEAT NIGHT 4 AND 5!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198201629834,Recommended,506610,26722293,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Ryder743,very scary and cool at the same time and i love the twist at the fake ending and real ending i feel like your kind of becoming R.L. Stine scot and i love that i would love more FNaF games in the future. THANKS!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,26722355,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The L Guy,Spooky.
76561198278583108,Recommended,506610,30913263,Posted: 2 April,all,Super buper,this game might be his best so far. 10/10 will play again. JUST BUY THE GAME. Night 4 is sooooooooooo mush better. Buy this game ASAP.
76561198289998664,Recommended,506610,26716043,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Qw0,This Game Is So Scary And Cool!Scott plz reply!
,Recommended,506610,26909248,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Red_Essence_,"Maybe the Best FNAF I've Ever Played!!!The game was definetly worth the wait,The story is a bit darker than the previous games from my opinion but the ending however is something I won't forget.The Real Ending Anyway and also with that he possibilty of multiple endings like FNaF 3 is definetly something I've enjoyed.Can't Wait For The Custom Night!!!I would definetly recommend this game, if anyone has followed the franchise like I have, it is a must have."
,Recommended,506610,26888060,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hat_simulator4,this is my overall favorite fnaf game so far its so expansive and the game is so big scott has had release custom night in a update that isnt out yet but overall this is a great game i give it a 9\10 ITS GOOD GO BUY IT RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!
76561198269116481,Recommended,506610,26893587,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,toof4st2010,I really liked it!
76561198155575150,Recommended,506610,25910964,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,:) HAHA (:,This is one of my favourite games!!!
,Recommended,506610,26919009,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AnimeProfilePicture,"An interesting, fun, and different look on the popular franchise. This game left me beyond surprised! Very well done!"
,Recommended,506610,26925302,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xarioes [VAPORIZED],i like it its coo
76561198308745448,Recommended,506610,26925457,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SynphonyKnight,"To be honest, this game probably wasn't as fun as the previous ones. Different things to do each night isn't bad, it just wasn't engaging. It also goes from the first three nights being super easy to night 4 which, after attempting for an hour, I stopped playing. Custom Night might be better (although I'll probably have to best night 4 and night 5 to unlock it) when it comes out. That being said, I'd still recommend this game to any fan of the series."
76561198321465090,Recommended,506610,26926070,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AlexAtHome,An upgrade and homage to the old FNaF games. Perfect.
,Recommended,506610,25966846,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,TharCoser12,"TERRIFYING!!!Five Nights At Freddy's: Sister Location is the scariest in the series i think.Scott Cawthon is a very creative guy. he makes original gameplay from each of the game and they're all different.but i have to say that Sister location is the most different one if you compare it to any of the past Five Nights At Freddy's game. I can say that this is the most terrifying one of all of them because it's not just jumpscare.from the gameplay itself from the very first night, you're given an instruction and they don't display time this time.Five Nights At Freddy's sister location surprise me because i feel like this one is not just jumpscares all around just like the previous game. this game actually guide us from the very first night and the scares is so scary.the jumpscares in this game feels different either vecause of the build up to it. there are also various location in this game and each section or location has their own gameplay mechanic and they're all different.i play this game with my brother and both me and my brother are very intrigue in this game.My point is that this game is the best one of all because of the more build up to the scares and the suspense of it. And also because of the different mechanic in different location. it's also dark and the animatronics are creepy.I highly recommend this game obviously to all of you who loves the FNAF franchise and i can tell you that for those of you who hated the past fnaf game, you might love this one because it's different than the others. because i think the first until the fourth one is all about jumpscares ( but i still love them ) especially the fourth one. this one is not just about jumpscare but the build up to it.that's what i think anyway.definitely a 10/10 for me"
76561198302935942,Recommended,506610,25936252,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,MysticalTiger,it was great and a pain at the same time I like the set up! It was differnt from the others but in a good way
,Recommended,506610,25936477,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Rathalos,The game was a good one. I liked how it took a different approach to FNAF but made just like FNAF one in the end. In my opinion it was like a telltale game without the choices. My only complaint is the insane difficulty of some of the nights such as number 4. (i'm sure we can all agree) But this game only made the lore of the franchise more confusing. The game is short but very irritating. If you like the other FNAF games I would recommend this game to you.
76561198318781511,Recommended,506610,25936548,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,whitelocoboy,Best FNAF game ever!
,Recommended,506610,25936623,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Derncake,"This is a very unique Five Nights at Freddy's game. It is interesting how Scott Cawthon has wandered away form the ""sit-and-survive"" type of mechanic to make a more story driven game. It has a great lore which seems to bring back some suspense and mystery that we sort of lost from the previous games. Scott has somewhat gone away from the horror genre but still made a great story, added in some humor, and still managed to make up some great jumpscares that scared the living socks off me. If I were to recommend anything to Scott Cawthon, it would be to maybe make some sort of 6AM mode where you must survive all the animatronics in a new area to please people like me who really liked having to survive til' morning. Whether something like that is done or not, I highly recommend playing this game. It's not as fun when you just watch the youtubers play it."
76561198175462399,Recommended,506610,25911978,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,CandyZoomer13,best game on my computer worth the money 100% good job scott on the game
,Recommended,506610,25911990,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,TheSassJacket,"This game...woo!I've been a fan of the Five Nights at Freddy's series since its inception, and have loved every main title entry that has come to pass. This one is no exception!The models look fantastic, and the feel of the game immediately sets it apart from the others. Scott is a fantastic writer and game creator, and that holds true in the fact that he can create a game in a series using the same basic feel and controls, yet do something completely different. Also, voice acting with more than one character? The madness!!I'm doing a Let's Play of this on my channel (Hint hint if you want to see it, here's the first episode!)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-RWB_j5iFUI'll definitely be recommending this to everyone I come into contact with. (Though I do have to add that this review is only for the first two nights of the game. More than likely my views will change after I full complete the game.)"
76561197971417681,Recommended,506610,25912008,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Anacro,"Jump scares, like it."
76561198107546842,Recommended,506610,25912575,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,GoldenGamer5212,This Game is everything the best part is that night 1 is a tutorial and shows what to do i love the story and everything about it :D
76561198167252115,Recommended,506610,25912605,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Lapiswolf11399,"Its fun and its addictive, there are more things to do. this game is amazing"
,Recommended,506610,25912647,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,cloudforcegames,It's very good. The Best FNAF game ever made. Now with movement and cutscenes.
76561198163504995,Recommended,506610,25912994,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Lazyburrito,its good but FOR ♥♥♥♥S SAKE SCOTT NERF BALORA
76561198150581936,Recommended,506610,25913257,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,TobyTyTy101,"It was an amazing game, the only FNaF game I have played going in blind, and it's amazing. I could see why Scott had to take so long to make this. If you are one who dislikes the earlier games for it's simplicity, this game is totally different. Voice acting, humor, and a lot of dark themes totally brings this game to the top of the FNaF list. The only thing I would criticize about the game is that it feels really short. Yes, you are working a short shift, but without the suspence of doing nothing and waiting for somethiing to happen (in the earlier games), time seems to go by a whole lot quicker. I would give this game a solid 9/10"
,Recommended,506610,25913336,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,AnnoyingPluto,"It's a good game, Please fix night 4, It's Nearly Impossible."
76561198191878231,Recommended,506610,25913348,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,simplyzak09,"One of the best FNAF games made by scott to date, would highly recommend for FNAF fans or to people who never played any of the other games as this game is different to the other games. Scott has really done a good job with this game :)"
76561198059898494,Recommended,506610,25913365,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,FensTheSpook,A little more story driven than the previous FNAF. Adds some interesting mix up's on the formula.
76561198277628387,Recommended,506610,25913381,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,redcanoli,"Very great game, would reccomend to any long-time fan of the FNAF series, or anyone new to the twisted world of Scott Cawthon."
76561198162921291,Recommended,506610,25913415,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,[DUCKZ] Noob Tube,"Great game, but too short for my liking. I also do not see what is so dark, the only dark things I see are the two technicians who were hanged and the girl and the animatronic's ice cream stomach (bite of '87 possibly?). Anyway, Scott, you said this would be dark, but I see no indication. Overall though, I am pleased with the quality and outcome, though could be longer. Would recommend!"
,Recommended,506610,25913447,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mguve,"OH MY GOSH! The hypewas killing me, I just hadto buy it as soon as it gotreleased; and I must say,it was well worth it! Voiceacting is on point, animationis on point, jumpscares areon point, ballora is also onpoint. (That was a terriblepun, I know.) Anyway,amazing game, and wellworth the $8. 17/10M"
76561198304705507,Recommended,506610,25911851,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Megajelly17,"Most likely the best game I've ever played and people might be like ""There are much better game than this"" Well when you think about it this game is amazing because of the engine scott cawthon uses and how he made the game look 3D when it's not. And a FNAF game scared me for once (Well besides all of them when they come out so thats a lie) It's fun it's not the same thing every night it's a great game 99/10"
,Recommended,506610,25944728,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Master Hadananim [DoronMC],This game is awesome! It's like a quests fnaf! 😋👍
76561198257569650,Recommended,506610,25944756,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,spiritCD disk,its a fresh new look at the franchise!And a cool one at that!When i was playing i legit forgot i was playing a fnaf game!
,Recommended,506610,25953261,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Red,"The best game in the series by far, I gave up on the game ages ago but this brought it back to a game that is scary"
76561198114790177,Recommended,506610,25953326,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Pjr107,This game is great and you should not judge it by the kind of bad cut scene per night with the pop corn because it is still a great and fun game and in my opinion that's all that matters.
,Recommended,506610,25953361,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,jaxe.the.original.outcast,Great game I played it to the second night and it's great
76561198170144687,Recommended,506610,25947461,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,bdoebb,really hard and creepy! XD I LOVE IT! im a huge fan of fnaf!
76561198159051592,Recommended,506610,25947601,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,fumanchewz,all I can say is that I enjoyed it sor far I may be only on night 2 but it's good
76561198184804486,Recommended,506610,25947653,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SpatenExperte62,"I like this game,but night 4 is still to hard"
,Recommended,506610,25949738,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,MegaPixel,"Fantastic game, amazing story. I watched it by every youtuber, played it, and went easter egg hunting. I am so happy with how this played out, and I look foward to the next game in the series! (also I half cried at the end of the secret ending)1987/10"
76561198093956259,Recommended,506610,25949780,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Kadin,"So I just got done playing a little bit of the game and frankly the game lives up to the hype. The environment for the game has really jumped up the creepy factor and I cannot wait to get further into it. I will write a much more detailed review when time allows. For those that want to know what the game is like, I will have a video link at the bottom from my first and second nights. Any input from you guys is welcome.EDIT: After playing a little more of the game I am certain that this is the best game in the series. Scott has managed to take everything from the original games and incorporate them into this one while adding new layers to a very good formula. I will say that like the previous games, the scares tend to stop after a while but that's just the nature of jump scare based horror games. What keeps people coming back to this series is the lore and thus far in my play through, I am not disappointed. Also, I have included my 2nd video for this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu5ZCaJTAy4"
76561198202656675,Recommended,506610,30889343,Posted: 1 April,all,mpquinn82,you are awsome
,Recommended,506610,25940134,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,galactiksquid,night four is sooooo hard scott please skip it for me or make the springlocks move slower it super hard ive been trying 23 times by now help me
,Recommended,506610,25990135,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Enn the Elusive,"If you're going into this game with no previous knowledge about it, be aware that some parts are going to be insanely difficult and would feel like pure grinding for progress. Kinda like trying to break a brick wall by hitting it with your forehead. Don't lose hope tho. Keep on trying and you'll push through (even if it takes literal hours).That being said, all the other aspects of this game are exceptionally enjoyable. The music is on point, the humor is great and the graphics are beautiful. I personally loved the game and the experience (even the endless deaths). 10/10 about to play it again and try to get a secret ending. :)"
,Recommended,506610,25990253,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Spaceguy,Scott has really upped his game. I was terrified.
,Recommended,506610,25990306,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,[GD] Discord (20PC),"If you have played the other FNAF games, which you maybe thought were ""not scary"" or ""has no atmosphere"" or ""Lazily Made"" (I thought this with the other games), this one is a definite improvement of the last 4.  this one has good humor, and gives a better horror atmosphere. You can now walk around, and the game changes every night, with a new creative way to survive. The jumpscares make you jump more, and the relying on sound is used more than ever. There is now chilling voice acting being used to tell you story, and to help inhance the creepy effect in gameplay. I even think Scott Cawthon really tried on this one in my opinion.But, there are still some things I need to point out on the bad side.I only have a few bad things to say, so no need to get triggered.My first thing I found to reduce the horror feel to it, was the stay at home cartoon thing. If you dont know what I am talking about, after every shift you get to go home and watch a short animated clip as a break throughout the nights.The reason I feel this was uneeded, was because it made it more confusing for people new to the series, and even overtook some of the horror with more comedy. I think the autocorrect was enough for the comedy.Another thing I found just slightly dissapointing, was the fact that you have to restart the whole night if you fail on one objective during the night. This made the gameplay more frustrating than fun and entertaining. It also forced you to get used to the jumpscares.I have been a fan of the lore, and not much of the gameplay of the previous games, but in my opinion this has the best gameplay out of them all. I would recommend this game more than the other FNAF games to people new to the series.Another note: I think the price is a BIT too high for the shorter gameplay. It should be at least 6$, but that wont be changed :P"
,Recommended,506610,25990662,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,tigercubevan,pretty cool but its so hard anyway the graphics are awesome and the jumpscares like about make me crawl out of my skin for real i like this game.
,Recommended,506610,25927715,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Gr8Gmer14,"Hai my name is Eggs Benedict and I live at my house with an angsty teen. I like my music as casual bongos, and recently it was my birthday and I recieved exotic butters"
,Recommended,506610,25964219,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Broken Brother Nero,"Sister Location is a prety damn good game, and was well on its way to being the second best FNAF game behind the original, or maybe even *the* best in the series.And then Night 4 happens.Now, Night 4 starts out AWESOME with some great things never before seen or heard through the entirety of the FNAF series, but then immediately falls off a cliff in the sharpest, most sudden downward 90-degree angle in FNAF history when, for lack of a better way to put it, you need to start doing stuff. Of course, it starts with some confusion - a feeling out process to see how everything works, like with any other thing in any game you're exposed to and must react to in any other game, so no problem here - and then simply, time after time after time at this point, erodes into pure frustration, easily killing any motivation to dig deeper in this otherwise stellar chapter in the ever-intriguing FNAF series. Easily, in my opinion, the worst part of any FNAF game on several planes.With that out of the way now, I can turn back to this game's strengths.Sister Location is a kick to the balls of the regular FNAF formula, and that is a good thing, especially since it works beautifully. Going into the game not knowing what to expect, the game seemed to be going into the same direction and going with the same formula of the other games of the series by introducing what appeared to be the recurring tools used to keep the animatronics at bay, but goes into a totally different direction. The emerging uncertainty factor in this deviance from the known formula helps maintain a lingering sensation of tension (which actually gets completely cut off thanks to N4 unless you manage to beat it before frustration sets in), and simply does not let go.With that said, as gripping as the game could be, it only lasts as slowly or as quickly as you allow it to. Once again barring Night 4, a slower, more conservative player can get 2, maybe 2.5 hours out of this game, but it's a hell of a 2-2.5 hours for the ""main"" storyline. Past that, Sister Location is all about barely (and I mean BARELY) squeaking by a few situations.I do very much recommend this game, but with all of the game's content that I do know of at the time of this writing, I don't think this game should be bought at the full price of $7.50 or whatever it would be, but that's just me. Definitely go for it while the 15% off launch sale is going on, or perhaps wait for any sort of sale in the future. I really wish there was a little bit more length in this game to justify going for it at full price, but the experience is still among the coolest I've ever had playing any video game, so it's still probably going to be well worth it for you to drop those few extra pennies."
76561198313522041,Recommended,506610,25964484,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,cvejite,10/10this is the best fnaf game.i like the secrets
,Recommended,506610,25964553,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Disaster9942,"this game is very diferent from the rest. its almost like its a diferent game but in the same universe. I like this very much because i was geting a little tired of the same old formula. I also love how this game has huge mystery and lots of lore. It builds most of the lore of of the book. but night 4 is sooooooooooooooo hard, but dont listen to all those haters because of night 4, just give it some time and keep trying. the jump scares arnt scary at all, but the atmosphere is what realy gets you. on night two i felt like i was gonna explode and cry because when you reboot the power its scary as♥♥♥♥♥♥ i give this game 7/10. i would give it 8 or 9 but its such a short game for its price and it does lack a few things, but the atmosphere and voice acting are so damn good"
,Recommended,506610,25961047,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Glassjoe,My daughter loved the music by Ballora ...then Ballora showed her face thanks a lot scott i just got her to play games after the last time
,Recommended,506610,25962102,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Expand,"Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location is a new entry in the ""Five Nights"" franchise. To begin with, I can already say that you'll be playing in a more story-driven environment, so if you're a fan of replayability or overall the structure of the previous games, you may need to rethink if you're going to buy this one.Okay, so, with that out of the way, I like this one. I mean, don't get me wrong, I liked the older ones, but I felt like they were really repetitive and seemed to go on for a little too long. Anyway, this one ditches most of the aspects from the previous entries and focuses more on something new every night, although it's not as straight-forward or even in the same pattern rather from a few similar places in the building. I can say, for sure, that there's more lore in this game like the others and it explains a lot, but also raises a few questions.To start, Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location is a trip for any FNaF fan. If you're like me and stuck with the series when its first entry crawled its way into the Youtube industry, you probably know this series by heart. If you don't, however, this game will probably not be easy to follow in any circumstance, at least primarily in the ""story"" aspect. You should obviously start with the first ""Five Nights at Freddy's"" and work you way up here. Well, anyway, if you're a fan of FNaF, buy this. It's a great new entry and feels truly different than the usual treatment we're used to. There is, however, a gigantic problem that now has risen from the repetitive grave that I consider the older games to pertain to. Due to Scott Cawthon, the developer of this game and series, attempting to ditch the very foundation the series was built on, there are more issues with this formula in itself. Starting with the fact that the game relies heavily on the first play-through and a minor search for easter eggs, rather than a continuous nightly pattern, results in a short, detailed experience that is very much shorter in theory than the previous FNaF games.In short, this is a very different game. I can say, however, that I think most of the FNaF fans will enjoy it, but I can't say anything else. It's a good game at heart, but to truly understand and to grasp all of its concepts, I recommend you tackle the originals.If you aren't a FNaF fan and didn't like the original games, I think you shouldn't buy this one, or at least watch a few videos online about it first."
76561198338401655,Recommended,506610,25965406,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,feto_abortao,i like it but steam is not letting me play the game steam please fix the issue i want to play please steam
,Recommended,506610,26575151,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,shadow freddy rules,all five nights at freddys are soo good im going to buy all of them but i have 1 and 5
,Recommended,506610,26581075,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Poetu',"A big improvement of the franchise, the story is more dynamic and the graphics are improved over the other Five Nights At Freddy's games but still it lacks a proper game engine with a higher resolution. The implementation of a better game engine would make this game even better. All in all a great scarry game."
,Recommended,506610,26790530,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Owblack,"This new Fnaf is soooo cool, the game mechanics are brand new and thats really cool, I thought it would be like the other games but NO, its not like them... This mean that the franchise will not die now its great :D"
,Recommended,506610,27474257,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mental Autistic Potato,"I love this game and it's franchise, the story is very interestingEven though I died on every night, but night 1, I thought the game was very FUNIt is different from the other games, which is AWESOME"
,Recommended,506610,27959797,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Toxic_modzzzz,This game..IS..EPIC!Nothing else like the other fnaf games!Its like a campain with objectives!
,Recommended,506610,28074184,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Buttercreeper909,Love That now we as a player can move around and all the the new secrets hiding in codesand shadows!
76561198058790106,Recommended,506610,28011514,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Andrigan,cool loved it it was os awesome i thought i would get fnaf 4 to but then i saw the price and said naw but i really wanted it :(but this game is more awesome
76561198170546615,Recommended,506610,28000768,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,falvaib,"- Simply amazing. Especially, because this is the second FNaF game the is 3D.- This one has more open areas to explore (Be aware what may lurk in the dark Tho')- Mind Blowing Plot and Story with multiple endings!Last word: Highly recommended if you have played the previous games in the series!"
76561198140146751,Recommended,506610,28011275,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NecrozmaFan1001,Amazing Game in the FNaF Franchise. Can't wait for the Custom Night!
76561198273024827,Recommended,506610,26536832,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Queen_Of_Darkness941,"OMG! So creepy and the Jumpsares arn't scary because they just jump in your face, they are legit creepy looking! expecially when their face opens up! It's quite different to the rest of the FNaF series, but thats what i love about  it! i love this game so much!"
,Recommended,506610,26490120,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,scalettavit,Pretty scary game.Pretty big map.Pretty new animatronics.Pretty complicated mechanism.Pretty good story.Will wait for next FNaF
76561198290783029,Recommended,506610,26717574,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The Playton,"After you play Sister Location, you look back at the previous games, and only THEN do you relize that the games were repeating the same scenario each night. This is why Sister Location is my favorite game in the Five Nights at Freddy's Franchise, mostly because it's almost as if it's an acual story. Fnaf 3 eat your heart out. Totaly get this one if you are thinking on getting a FNAF game."
76561198100782815,Recommended,506610,26733766,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Cheevos,Great it mixs with more story line I loved it
,Recommended,506610,26551179,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Gunnery Sergeant Hartman,Scott it's great has potential and very long I'm a Macbook user and bought the game the day it came out thanks so much!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,28496365,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Dnalrah Is My  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Woah! This FNaF game reached Overwhelmingly Positive! I'M SO HAPPY!! :D
76561198291680755,Recommended,506610,28496914,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Acemaster2025,I love this game
76561198351054617,Recommended,506610,28496068,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,javierfredpenguin5.crossy,The most scariest game I've played yet!! This is a must play for others and the graphics are amazing!
76561198307932743,Recommended,506610,28473046,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Ron,this is one of the best horror games that i ever played
76561198331607265,Recommended,506610,28473061,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ShadowAssassin412,This game is one of my favourites!
76561198340754257,Recommended,506610,28381807,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Willy Wonka,Why isn't my game saving?????   Overall great game.
,Recommended,506610,26341394,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Invictus.erijon3,Really gud game.
76561198257359958,Recommended,506610,28109710,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Plaguey,Sister Location was an amazing refresher to the series and was definetly needed. Can't wait for the custom night.edit; the custom night was great as well! the cutscenes were definitely needed and I'm glad Scott gave us more information about Afton.
76561198350912758,Recommended,506610,28336168,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,phenioxrider27,Dis game if l1f3
,Recommended,506610,28336361,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Yacob,It is a fun and thrilling game. Not the same as the others but still fun. It is hard on night 5 to turn and all that and type the key pad though.
76561198211219003,Recommended,506610,28332579,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ThatGamer14,Great Game. I like how we are not in one office for the whole game. This makes it very hard and Terryfying. It mixed in more of the law but not too much to make the game not a game like Fnaf3 which felt like it was more about the story then playing the actual game. I highly reconmend this to anyone who likes Horror games you won`t be disapointed.
76561198179009433,Recommended,506610,28334942,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Purpleguy5,"This game is my favourite FNAF game so far:Pros: You dont just stay in the office until 6am you are now a technician so you move around the facility checking on the animatronics which is awesome. The animations of the Jumpscares are great and the character designs are awesome. Scot obviously put alot of work into this game. The story is interesting, but very disturbing.No cons this time 9/10"
76561198267339403,Recommended,506610,28411114,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,#żądło CSGOCrafter.com,Very good game!!!
,Recommended,506610,25915876,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,🐺Bendyツ,BEST FNAF EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank u Scott soo much for sister location it is a great game!!! IF U MAKE ANY MORE FNAF GAMES WICH U PROBLABLY WILL CAUSE OF THE END CUTSENE aON THE COSTOM NIGHT PLZ MAKE MORE LIKE THIS THIS IS A GREAT GAME THANKYOU THANKYOU SOOOOOOO MUCH FOR SISTER LOCATION AND FNAF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! EVERYBODY SHOULD CHECK OUT THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,28417714,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Bardaux,"This is a great video game, its jump scares are pretty big, scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta myself while recording, Didn't even make it half way across Ballora's room."
,Recommended,506610,28419270,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,JackOC03,"I absolutely love this Game! It mixes Scary Ambietic Gameplay, Creepy cutscenes, and a Deep Storyline and lore to create one of the best I instalments in the FNaF Franchise. Thank You Scott!"
76561198335977016,Recommended,506610,28320033,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,redbloxYT,This game is more hard than scary.
76561198146421071,Recommended,506610,28551088,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,You_Face_Jaraxxus,this game is great. i tried doing the second part of night 2 with my eyes closed. gave up after eight fails.
76561198337797740,Recommended,506610,28550031,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,peeravit.tan,I love five night at freddy
76561198195877206,Recommended,506610,26717060,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,funtime freddy,its sooooooooooooooooooo awsome thks scott keep up the good work
76561198182011202,Recommended,506610,25915554,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,andrew.horn12,Hard but spooky it's very fun too
76561198283885006,Recommended,506610,28429095,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,PO|RT|AL,Hard on night 4 put yea fun not so scary though none of the games are scary to me
76561198306250972,Recommended,506610,28427805,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,SUNNI_JOSH_INC,"I absolutely love this game, I am actually playing with a Baby shirt on, but thats not the point. I am stuck on Night 4 and it is so hard!!!!! Is there anyway I could fix this? I know I need the patch, but if I undownload it or update it will it take all my progress away? Please please please tell me if I could do anything!"
76561198301237726,Recommended,506610,28431084,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,kurro_stick,It has a lot of jumpscares that are scary.
76561198086293568,Recommended,506610,28426380,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Lame Scout,I would for sure recommend this game because it has a very interesting story and I think alot of people would want to follow more into the story.
,Recommended,506610,28120004,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,i swallow rainbows,GREAT JOB SCOTT PLZ TRY TO MAKE MORE FNAF GAMES AND PLZ DON'T END THE FRANCHISE PLZ I KNOW YOUR NOT READING THIS BUT I HOPE YOU WON'T END IT YOUR AWWEEEESESSSSSSSSOOOOOOMMMMEMEMMEMEEMEMEEE
,Recommended,506610,26221654,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Lucasljs,Amasing game with many twists! I reccomend buying this to everybody who likes horror.
,Recommended,506610,28101945,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,FuzWoozAnt SFM,"Truly Amazing! It's like a real horror game, but with animatronics! I'm a big FNAF Fan! And I simply love this! I recommend this game to people who like horror! It's actually scary! But it is quite hard which can get you angry. But I still recommend this game alot! It's truly amazing!"
,Recommended,506610,26758434,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,DoctorWhoFanBalloonboy11,"This is by far my favorite FNAF game, and I think all the changes made it feel tense, especially since you didn't know what to do all the time."
76561198256973382,Recommended,506610,28114127,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,mitchelldennis05,i love fnaf but this has made me jump its finaly free rome!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,28013263,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Half Infected,Ten out of ten. Would become a pint of ice cream again.
76561198098013472,Recommended,506610,28111131,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,demmy0728,i think that this is the coolest game out of all the 4amaing work scott cawthon
76561198160017679,Recommended,506610,28114701,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Vault111Dweller,i dont get it today is the day Sister Location Custom night is supposed to come out but its not out yet???or maybe its just cause im six hours ahead of america so for me it will probably be out at 7 for me
76561198323788880,Recommended,506610,28034613,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RicchieSmothoss,Why I can't get pass the 4th night? :(
76561198120355728,Recommended,506610,28086707,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,SmartFTM,Five Nights at Freddy's Sister Location is a great game. It is much more interesting then all the other FNaF Games. I have played all of them so I know what I am talking about. This game has a lot more movement and what not. It makes the game more like a horror game then ever! I thought the other FNaF games were scary.
76561198258264925,Recommended,506610,28763929,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,XtremeGamer495,Theres a problem with the fnaf bundle the game in the bundle Fnaf 2 and 3 is glitched and the screeen looks like your playing on the phone
,Recommended,506610,29149102,Posted: 9 January,all,-W.D. GASTER-,"Overall a good game, thought I am struggling a bit at night 4, it`s a very good game, one of which have the most lore-wize impact on the FNaF franchise with some Easter Eggs, and some mysteries! I am going to try to reach Custom Mode A.S.A.P. because it`s awesome."
76561198128475843,Recommended,506610,26007252,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Gwakamolé,spook
76561198101230573,Recommended,506610,29112677,Posted: 8 January,all,ornumk,The first five nights were good but custom night is extremely addicting!  I would also like to mention that the voice acting is phenomenal and that this game is a huge change in what is usually expected of an FNAF game.  I would definitely recommend this game.
76561197990718006,Recommended,506610,29126992,Posted: 8 January,all,the_spectre,"I have to give this one a 3 out of 5. Which is a real shame. It's great! The setup is good, the gameplay is interesting and it's genuinely scary. But the desigenr falls in a classic trap of making a game cheap, not hard. EVERYTHING is riged against you in this thing.For instance: You have to do maintenance on one of the bots on night 3. sounds interesting and instantly gets my blood pumping! First sneak through this literally pitch black room where the bot in there hunts by motion.... Ok, why? They flat out tell you this thing is actively hunting you which kinda breaks the narrative a little as they admit out of nowhere that the bots are TRYING to kill you. That leads to the classic basic questions of the whole series: Why are they violent, what company would send you in when they know the bots will kill you, on and on.So, you ignore that and now, push the tiny as hell buttons in sequence with no mistakes despite that the buttons look surprisingly like metal shine from your flashlight. Cool. Even when I know what I'm looking for it boils down to a guess. THEN remove the backup power from a hand puppet that wants to kill you, it has a tiny button on its chest that it wont reveal if you're looking at it, but if you look away it kills you.Oh yeah, and your ability to push buttons of any kind is on par with Surgeon Simulator and again, these buttons are tiny and almost invisible.So, for probably the first time, I found myself quitting out of frustration on the controls than being scared and needing to stop. That's not good design dude. Make it hard, but give me a freaking chance."
76561198300043529,Recommended,506610,25930494,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,rosendocarranza94,cool game love it███████▀▀▀░░░░░░░▀▀▀█████████████▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀█████████│░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░│████████└┐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░┌┘░██████░░└┐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░┌┘░░█████░┌┘▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄└┐░░████▌░▄██████▄░░░▄██████▄░▐█████─┘░░▓▓▓▓░░░░░▓▓▓▓░░└─████▀▓▓▓░▓▓▓▓░░░░░▓▓▓▓░▓▓░▀██▄▓▓▓░▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▄▄▓▓▓▓░▓▓▄█████▄─┘█████████████└─▄█████████░░▐███████████▌░░███████████░░▀█████████▀░░▐████████████░░░░▓▓▓▓▓░░░░▄█████████████▄░░░░░░░░░▄███████████████████▓▓▓▓▓█████████████████████▓▓▓▓▓██████████
,Recommended,506610,30029455,Posted: 19 February,all,Aaron Stevenson,played 27 minutes and that was enough for me to be able to tell you its scary as all hell.
76561198156019322,Recommended,506610,30029859,Posted: 19 February,all,Noodlebot,"Great game! I love the voice acting! The part in the breaker room is a little difficult, but also amazingly scary! Good job Scott!"
,Recommended,506610,28157644,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,★HunterGamer★,Good game! Thanks Scott!
76561198319642263,Recommended,506610,29954234,Posted: 15 February,all,brittanysunbird1997,It a cool game.
76561198355669486,Recommended,506610,30009764,Posted: 18 February,all,xX_Кот НаРкОт_Xx,это топ
,Recommended,506610,29659418,Posted: 2 February,all,SnakeHeart,so many twists and turns!!!! Mr.Cawthon has done it again!! i cant wait to see whats next!!!~
,Recommended,506610,29580178,Posted: 29 January,all,elementice.rw,GREATi find this great and challengingand beating Ennard was funBut Golden Freddy isEXREMELYhard...
76561198197847315,Recommended,506610,29699805,Posted: 4 February,all,joseph.collazo,I Really Like this game i recommend it for anyone who likes five nights at freddy Here my top 3 things i like.1:custom night return2:different things to do on nights3:All the Endingsi like this game tell your friends about it make more people like it so scott will do more.
76561198322209987,Recommended,506610,29860786,Posted: 11 February,all,Tyler_superhero,good and fun but hard on night 4
,Recommended,506610,29872976,Posted: 12 February,all,NuklearPlayz,I love this game. im addicted
76561198154961467,Recommended,506610,29869068,Posted: 12 February,all,subscribe to  gereeking,scott sorry if i said your name wrong but i love fnaf keep up the good work:D
76561198262346754,Recommended,506610,29928223,Posted: 14 February,all,schwendyj,AWESOMEST FNAF GAME EVER!!!!!
76561198039159247,Recommended,506610,29875682,Posted: 12 February,all,ImThyPwnr_,good game but if you die in the parts and service room you respawn back in the main part. please add an update where you just respawn in the parts and service room? i died by bonbon twice and it made me die by F. foxy like 3 times getting back here. please fix this. it is very annoyingP.S. is there a fnaf 6???thank you for readng this. -ImThyPwnr_
76561198345991600,Recommended,506610,29713080,Posted: 5 February,all,ilin0014,Five nights worth five stars !!!!
,Recommended,506610,27741698,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Endy_,"This shows how Scott can make a good game in a long time span, but this game gives me the creeps especially in the Funtime Auditorium that freaks me out. Great game Scott, I cant wait to see what coming up next whether its FNAF or something else, I will support you Scott-Endy"
76561198317361894,Recommended,506610,27751579,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vanessa,This game is awesome. Scott has done such a good job making a new game. This game has beautiful graphics. So much mystery. I love it so much. It has great music. It also has voice acting which is new but I love it. I recommend this game so much. I can't wait to find out more!
,Recommended,506610,27448712,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,blinky cat,it is epic can't wait for custom night.
76561198280356428,Recommended,506610,27453881,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crafty Bunch,Alot I can say about this game. It took maybe 1 hour to get to day 4 and the rest is history. Can't get past day 4 but it is still a great game. I will prevail.
,Recommended,506610,27457747,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Faulty Shed,Got all 3 stars in 3 days. Overall AWESOME game! I give it a :D out of 10!
,Recommended,506610,27390051,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kessusagi,I nominated Fnaf: Sister location as The “Game Within A Game” Award because of how every night is a new game. Who else agrees that it was refreshing and differn't in all the best ways.
76561198305194138,Recommended,506610,27404641,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,KingKookie,"Absolutely amazing! Playing through the series Friday m FNAF 1, this game has everything Scott promised and more. Game mechanics and the style of it is just amazing and truly terrifying!"
,Recommended,506610,27589983,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sportaflop2003,"This game is very fun! The story, the feel of it. I felt the story was a ""who do you trust?"" kind of thing and it fit in real nicely. so good job Scott Cawthon! 5th time in! I hope for FNAF 6 sometime soon."
,Recommended,506610,27599243,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Madam Bleu,I love it!
76561198290321463,Recommended,506610,27618641,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,geoff.shone,This game is better than the other games because it has a lot of diversity and hope you enjoy the game.
76561198269017875,Recommended,506610,27619066,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,K....,This game is amazing! I'm so glad to be a long time fan! Definitely good for a scare and some emotion play!
76561198176255006,Recommended,506610,27587268,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheFallenOne,Score out of 10: 8/10This Game is a Big Step up from Traditional FNAF Formula.This Game uses Story much better than FNAF 3 did and the Voice Actors did great at Voicing the Animatronics.The Game changes up the Gameplay to keep from you getting Comfortable.the Partial Free Roam was a very good addition to the Game.It was worth the wait.
,Recommended,506610,27608274,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Toy Bon Bon Games,"This series has come a long way from the first game, and this one is even better. with the voice acting, partial free-roam, and cut-scenes this is a wonderful game. Is it scary? that depends on the player, it wasn't for me, but it might be for others. And this review is coming from someone who played it before he updated it, so to anyone who is playing it afterwards...you dodged a bullet with the difficulty of night 4 XDD All in all, its a another great game in the series, in my opinion...#4 is still the best. And the jump-scares in this might not be as scary as #4, but man...do the look smooth. And best part of all {spoiler}...you get a basket of exotic butters...what else could you want?"
,Recommended,506610,27564827,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Doug Dimmadab,10 exotic butters out of 10 exotic butters
,Recommended,506610,27564634,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Reyes,"It""s pretty lame."
76561198335863069,Recommended,506610,27662411,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,xyr77,Love it
76561198063113491,Recommended,506610,27691923,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jnj,"i like this entire game except for 1 thing; night 4, i am still stuck on it. any help to get through night 4?"
76561198179917294,Recommended,506610,27872458,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pingasman2000,11/10 Best Game Very Spooky [though hard] yet it's very good.
76561198158477444,Recommended,506610,27880005,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TheCloudyGamer,This is a really cool game
,Recommended,506610,27754346,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MexicanPapi666,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorGreat job.You really did it this time, Scott.Good stuff:Hooray! We're not glued to our desk anymore!Or are we?Voice acting! Because free roaming wasn't enough!Exotic Butters.Still the same pressure as FNaF, but less.STORY. MORE STORY.More game therory episodes!Really no cons.........♥♥♥♥ you minireenas!"
,Recommended,506610,29272210,Posted: 15 January,all,TheInfinityGamer (MLG PGN HUB),DIS IS DA FUNZ
76561198170185967,Recommended,506610,29657730,Posted: 2 February,all,DaEpic,For the next fnaf game he should make there be cameras in the animatronics and you have to navigate from them.
76561198253056393,Recommended,506610,28283696,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,evjab1,"I love five night's at freddy's sister location. The jumpscares are scary.  The game is really fun. I'm having trouble at Golden freddy night V. hard. You need to fix a glitch where if lobit is on my 3 screens and yendo is there when a flick the montier up, he STAYS there! Please fix this gitch!!! Otherwhise a solid 9/10"
,Recommended,506610,29819999,Posted: 10 February,all,☣DeM1X☣,good game
76561198328237797,Recommended,506610,30084906,Posted: 21 February,all,AzazelNeon,fqwer
,Recommended,506610,30119309,Posted: 23 February,all,HenryA.L.A.G,This Game Is One Of The Best FNAF games Out there!
,Recommended,506610,30072009,Posted: 20 February,all,Ivanovsky,"Oh....FFina..ly. I finish FNA....F sister loca...tion.This is a good game, but only suggest to play during the day."
76561198353495204,Recommended,506610,30064353,Posted: 20 February,all,nbakerchunky,not working
,Recommended,506610,30090557,Posted: 21 February,all,Waluigi,"I mean... It's different than the other games, and it isn't ALL jumpscares. I'd definitely say go for this one first."
76561198203081150,Recommended,506610,30108526,Posted: 22 February,all,mbarlow,I really like the game a lot and I do recommend it to people they should play it.
,Recommended,506610,30337936,Posted: 5 March,all,andrew2007h,"GOTTA BE THE BEST FNAF GAME SCOTT HAS MADE YET (besides that fnaf world,he he he)!"
76561198162346057,Recommended,506610,28652310,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ooooo im a ghoooost,♥♥♥♥ you funtime frooby
76561198261594912,Recommended,506610,28663033,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,JackInACupboard,I think it is a wonderful game. Its graphics are good but my only negative is that it should of had a night 6 and 7 like the other FNaF games. Keep up the good work scott! :D
76561198332681022,Recommended,506610,28648434,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,coffee.carrie,Very good game. One of my favs in the franchise. 10 out of 10
76561198188323850,Recommended,506610,28650067,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mr.sh4rk,da best fnaf
,Recommended,506610,28567897,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Aman Gaming,This Game Is Really Cool And Fun
76561198335425421,Recommended,506610,28594001,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,rikini67,"to be honest I LOVE the fnaf franchise, if your new to it this game is just right for you! :-)if you are:1. sensitive2. old3. easy to get seizuresplease play at your own risk.anyway enjoy!"
76561198330872570,Recommended,506610,28581470,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Im_Trash,"This was an amazing game in my opinion, I have always been a HUGE fan of Five Nights At Freddy's but in my opinion this was my favorite out of my series. I would personally love for another game to be made to help confuse us even more of to tie things together a bit but I won't be one of those fans spamming Scott to make another game. All I have to say is keep up the good work Scott!"
,Recommended,506610,28574074,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Psylem,soooooooooooo hard!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198231794040,Recommended,506610,28611456,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,joe.spike88,Sister Location is very different than other Five nights at Freddy's games mostly because for one you get to go to other places like Ballora Gallery or Funtime Auditorium for two there are other main characters other than Funtime Freddy likeBaby or Ennard and etc. The Custom Night added to this game also made the theory about Ennard is the Purple Guy (not William Afton) and Scott has not done Custom Night in a LONG time...Overall Rating 10/10
76561198209958032,Recommended,506610,28595031,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,K2Q2,A great horror game and a nice addition to the series! I would recommend this game to anyone who wants a scare and a challenge!
76561198274247151,Recommended,506610,27551004,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blazerbust,It's cool but night 3 and 4 are seriously HARD. OMG!!! I died 10 times just today trying to beat the bonnie hand-puppet!!!
76561198091820177,Recommended,506610,27499008,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hello There,"This is without a doubt the most terrifying game in the entire franchise. When i first saw FNAF 4 i thought that'd be the scariest one but FNAF:SL beat it. But its not only terrifying but Scott Cawthon also implemented entirely new mechanics which you've never seen in other FNAF games and he also brought, who wouldve thought it, new lore changing information into this game. All in all, i love the FNAF franchise and this game certainly is worth playing if youre into horror games/FNAF games."
76561198269363770,Recommended,506610,27579362,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Robertalion,This was an astounding game and I can not wait to see what Scott creates next!
76561198213884372,Recommended,506610,27606968,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Australian Ball,Good game
76561198197453271,Recommended,506610,27933912,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,justin143qdance,like i said befor fnaf is amazing the franchise is amazing love this game extreamly stratigetic and heart pumping scares with anxiety that keeps you on the edge of your seat its the perfect game to sit and play in the dark with no one around.
76561198368575373,Recommended,506610,30128279,Posted: 23 February,all,linda.dunsmore,"I really enjoyed how the game was laid out and displayed. I don't know about you, but I love voice acting. This game has plenty of that. Although I will say it made me rage a couple of times. My compliments to Scott Cawthon!"
76561198172148418,Recommended,506610,27527582,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,domremaro,I like this game very much.1 thing i hated was night 4. but anyways i give the game a solid 9/10
,Recommended,506610,27497533,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Doock2201,It's a amazing horror game
76561198173182937,Recommended,506610,27509343,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,InTheShadows (Bday In 7 Days),One of the best games in the series.
,Recommended,506610,27603657,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,•.❀• ᴍᴀɪ •❀.•,I love it
76561198345930114,Recommended,506610,27603837,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,goodgoosing,Its the best game in the series so far I hope future sequels can be just as good or better
,Recommended,506610,27760659,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,funny man,It's not bad. Though I recommend you get it on a sale
76561198300572078,Recommended,506610,28547739,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,RagerGamer,this made me scream so loud i got in trouble and im seriousthanks scott and wheres FNAF WORLD UPDATE 3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,506610,28658688,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,FoxyRockies,This is amazing! I've now played it for the first time and it is just epic!
,Recommended,506610,28651475,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,smapS Carlton CS.MONEY,Great job scott!
,Recommended,506610,28651639,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Prodigy 153,Its very good i like it
76561198199466599,Recommended,506610,28608208,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TheGalacticGamer,I love it! It's a nice change from the other games.
76561198128857767,Recommended,506610,28571019,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,[UB]Chompa™,I got the♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,506610,28533718,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The Ninja,i like sister location very much beacause is very beautiful
,Recommended,506610,28518437,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,The Non-Player_Character,I love it!!!!!!! 10/10 would love again.                                    2spooky4me
,Recommended,506610,28521822,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,gablei64,"So, I'll be nice. I absolutely love this game. but, what i don't like is that Night 5 Baby part with the passcode. BESIDES THAT,      its amazing!"
,Recommended,506610,25916461,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,thdetdestro,"Unable to get past night 2, game just stops after you (SPOILER)close the door on baby twice... then nothing, I sat there for 10 min with the game open...nothingEDIT: managed to get past it by clearing the save (by holding del in the first screen) then reinstalling"
76561198014607524,Recommended,506610,28114312,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Captain Ironsides,Dude just stay at home and eat some god damn popcorn.
,Recommended,506610,26318812,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Randomness,This game is AWESOME I am not gonna give spoilers but I love exotic butters!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198280629586,Recommended,506610,25950535,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,EvilAsh999,"Amazing FNaF gamePros- The mechanics are amazing- It's very creepy- Amazing atmostphere- Gameplay changes ALOT, one time you're zapping animatronics, next you're hunting down Hand Puppet Bonnie, it's amazing- It's very fun- It's actually pretty funnyCons- WTF IS THAT SPIDER THING IN NIGHT 4- Baby is a pedo ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)- Hand Puppet Bonnie is a d**k ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) wait is that bad? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Anyway this game is amazing besides it can get a tiny bit tediousI give it a...10/10"
,Recommended,506610,26784625,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FAKYEATIMMY skinhub.com,ma fav fnaf so far
,Recommended,506610,26019821,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,QuackQuackMeow,10 Exotic Butters out of 10Exotic Butters on point
,Recommended,506610,25944313,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,iSeeLT,"This will be the last time that I review this game.This game is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing amazing for a FNAF game and it's changed SO MUCH!I admire how much work and change went into the game.Now, here it is.... if you're a FNAF Fan then this is a RECOMMENDED! If you're not, obviously not!I understand that, since this is a FNAF game, the nights do get A LOT harder each night! I accept that and for not recommending this game because of that reason made me feel like the bad guy, which I certainly do not want!Here is my playthrough of the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZEvOtRd-Pw&list=PLi4CAjTe1Tc_4J-wUmv9EkzR6MO2O0MyKBare in mind, another video will come soon during this week, but it will be my LAST video on this game.Overall this game is insanely popular and hard but equally as good as the others but BETTER!I CERTAINLY LOVE THIS ONE!!"
76561198219729197,Recommended,506610,31158892,Posted: 15 April,all,Exhillious,"By far, the best game. It has a perfect amount of story like Fnaf 3 did, has a free roam feel (Which is awesome) and, the best of all, it has a challenge to it that makes it really fun (Even though night 4 before the patch was hard as hell)"
76561198370014552,Recommended,506610,31157532,Posted: 15 April,all,mikeslinn80,I cannot get past night 3. #funtimefoxyisscary
76561198262555539,Recommended,506610,28395119,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,melaniemallon,this game is soooooo AWSOME (even though im only on night 3)
76561198321412936,Recommended,506610,25915816,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,award0326,"This is a long overdue update to my review. Now that the bug has been fixed, I do reccomend this game. One issue I've been having though has to do with the Bommie puppet. I've been trying for a little over two months now to beat this game, and I am stuck on night 3, specifically catching the Bonnie puppet. Nomatter how many times I try, and how much advice I recieve, everything that I try ultimately fails. I don't know exactly what I'm doing wrong, but it's something. I've been moving the cursor at a snails pace, Ive been avoiding moving too much,and I wait patiently for the puppet to show itself. My issue is that the puppet just wont stop scurrying back and forth long enough to even start to pop up. Even if I don't move at all. What I ask for now is any and all advice I can get, because I've watched walkthroughs, I've asked friends of mine for advice, and Iv'e tried 100+ times on this one night and I still can't figure out what I'm doing wrong."
76561197994519120,Recommended,506610,25915924,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DR0PH3AD,"I have a big issue involving night 2 on this game. I managed to get past the desk part and ballora but  Funtime Freddy keeps on insta-killing. I can barely boot up 1 system without him in my face and screaming like a banshee. Please neft this son of a ♥♥♥♥♥.(Besides that the game is good and I would recommend it.)(PLAY A FULL 10 MINUTES)But seriously I don't recommend until he is nefted to a reasonable amount.(UPDATE!: Keep getting trapped in an ""ice box""(It's under the table)...It's happened 3 times now! Scott I know you can do better than that! I know you just realeased the game today, so I can't technically get mad at you. Please Scott fix this dang game and we will be the happiest babies ever.)(UPDATE! I managed to get past Freddy so yea, recommended SO MUCCCCCCCCCCCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH JK just a bit)"
,Recommended,506610,25917016,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ManOfAwesome,"Scott has fixed the game and it is now playable!This game focuses on story way more then the other games seem too.There are parts in the game that are frustrating, im looking at you night 4i wont tell you what it is but it takes alot of trial and error so if you want to spend a couple of hourstrying to do the same repetitive thing over and over this is the game for you.Other then that i liked the game its graphics have really improved."
,Recommended,506610,25919563,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Crane,The game is different from the others which is a good thing. The bad thing is this game is WAY too short and easy. But overall it was alright imo. I would give it like a 7/10.
76561198162418596,Recommended,506610,25910575,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Justgaming_nl,i crapped 7 different colours within 5 minutes11/10 wanna crap rainbows again
76561198123412837,Recommended,506610,25912453,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,python4161 4K,"A lot of thought and work has gone into this game and is a massive improvement from previous titles, and the best thing is, there is no ♥♥♥♥ing balloon boy."
76561198074306092,Recommended,506610,25912776,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,SkN,"alright so the patch has just come out fixing night 4 making this game so much more fun and enjoable, if you like horror games then this is the one to get, for it's price aswell i would definitely recomend it."
,Recommended,506610,25931396,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,xXSWIFTER_19xX,me: *goes into vents*women: *talks*me: *leaves game*20-10
76561198320928981,Recommended,506610,26435108,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,maxmillian1221,i love its jumpscares and easter eggs plus the graphics are great and im exited for the new update!!!! if u did not read scotts note about custum night read mine and how 2 get it or read his comment. to acsess that you need 2 beat whole game and get 3 stars. and i hope you all fnaf lovers are exited to see the new game p.s fnaf haters u suck.
76561198310816253,Recommended,506610,26296576,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Glitch'ed Gaming 2,ya know i bought this game i had 10 dollers but when i bought it i still have the money so i think i may have just gotten the game for free or something or maybe not all i know is i still have 10 dollers XD <3
76561198336426925,Recommended,506610,29261533,Posted: 14 January,all,Jake Paul,Super fun and very interesting. I beat the game in and hour but the ennard night is very annoying.
76561198355254570,Recommended,506610,29258757,Posted: 14 January,all,Conjuredx3xPertZ,"Great ♥♥♥♥ing game. Best FnaF game ever I think. The Idea for the audio cues for ballora are great, the way her music gets louder when she gets closer to the door. Amazing game Scott, I clap to you!"
,Recommended,506610,29261027,Posted: 14 January,all,MagicMudkip,its just amasing and it is really good i love it
76561198114306196,Recommended,506610,31002844,Posted: 7 April,all,smpinard,nice game
76561198281506278,Recommended,506610,29325681,Posted: 17 January,all,offical_blue_bear_crew,its a good game but how do u get game files?I really want to use some in my sister location fangame.
76561198284294943,Recommended,506610,29327131,Posted: 17 January,all,FFlover17,This is amazing Scott! Thank you so much for all of these games that I enjoy so much... I know you'd never take the time to find this comment but I just wanted to kno it's out there somewhere. Your games have changed my life. 3 years ago... You would probably never even read this... Well... thanks... 1-17-17
76561198352120450,Recommended,506610,29329785,Posted: 17 January,all,startreck8012 gamer,awsome game for freddy & co on v.hard is easy keep your mouse on the level of bonnets nose then only have the camera on foxy keep track of freddy and remember the rule with him look on the bottem of the screen when the camera is up see if u see silver rings yenndo is there if there is thats my sgragety.
76561198161754654,Recommended,506610,29330916,Posted: 17 January,all,Bonk Faggot | trade.tf,"This is a great game, but it's the only fnaf so far not for phones. Please add iPhone version"
76561198273151459,Recommended,506610,29322419,Posted: 17 January,all,Sub-Zero,"Good Game Recommand Playing But Night 3 Is So Hard But Who Cares The Game Had More Details Than Fnaf 1,2,3,4 And Halloween Edition"
,Recommended,506610,29323823,Posted: 17 January,all,Kenny,"When I first started playing this game I went in with high expectations. I could tell this game had lots of time and effort put into it. It's scary, and has humor in it.  Here's my video if you want to check it out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7wU6rjQFvY"
76561198305569017,Recommended,506610,29161100,Posted: 10 January,all,Bart_Simpson,XD
76561198313637164,Recommended,506610,29372419,Posted: 20 January,all,ELITE512Z,i love it
76561198196526265,Recommended,506610,29371099,Posted: 19 January,all,alikazi2003,i really love this game and scott add an easter egg in part 6:a transformers the last knight easter egg pllllllleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeease i want everyone to know not to forget the old ones(animatronics and autobots)
76561198181124705,Recommended,506610,29385973,Posted: 20 January,all,Fire Draco,What is that glowy thing? What is it? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ITS A DEMON AHHHHHHHHHHHHH WHAT WHY WHEN HOW AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH  where did it go? Oh No!
76561198183971602,Recommended,506610,29302725,Posted: 16 January,all,Silk,"I love sister location alot! But im stuck on night 2 due to a known glitch in ballora gallery. When i reach the door and i stand up  a little, ballora kills me. I woul like to know why. It dise it if i go fast, to. im not on night 3 to go to funtime atotourium even if i wanted to. Can you tell me why this happens?"
76561198275316561,Recommended,506610,29302560,Posted: 16 January,all,I'm not creepy right?,This Game Was a blast and is way different from the others I like how each night has you do certain things to complete the night and I love the story and the theories keep up the great work
,Recommended,506610,29305281,Posted: 16 January,all,Brooklynshire,Very good game (forgot to add review back in 2016)
76561198354765348,Recommended,506610,29285146,Posted: 15 January,all,IT ME,"MIND BLOWN, now this game is amazing my mind is in circles with the hard puzzles you have to get through really fun and hard and entertaing with it's cut scenes. Also night 3 and 4 are extremly hard im on night 4 with the mini reena (sorry if the spellings not right) I cant get past it but night 3 I got past but it took me hours and hours at a time. but to be honest this game is my favorite and I highly recomend it this game is definetly a game that you want to play it's hard, mind bending, fun, entertaining and much more. trust me get this game (;"
76561198354715289,Recommended,506610,29292571,Posted: 16 January,all,Zombie wolf,It is the best fnaf game ever you should get it
76561198257249081,Recommended,506610,29287447,Posted: 15 January,all,Spidervortex,like the new game a lot.
76561198207063259,Recommended,506610,29634762,Posted: 1 February,all,Foxhowls,"I have always been a Fnaf fan, Sister Location was amazing. It pushed me to my limits at certain parts and I loved that. It had elements from the pass 4 fnaf games but stay very original. The free DLC is one of the best thing the game has to offer because it adds upon this already amazing experience"
76561198342962310,Recommended,506610,26538040,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,TeamDashers,This is the funnest game of the FNAF games.
76561198351117257,Recommended,506610,29899588,Posted: 13 February,all,THE BEAST GAMING,"I paid for sister location in the bundle and for the past 3 or more weeks it only opened a few times, now it just says FILE ERROR in a small box every time I click to play it? Help it's my favorite game.."
,Recommended,506610,29931583,Posted: 14 February,all,Jack,"Sister Location is a great change to the FNaF franchise! It mixes new and old FNaF elements and some new clues to the story FNaF tells.The Good--Provides improved gameplay and new mechanics.-Voice acting is present in this game, and the actors did amazing jobs.-If you are used to the original style of FNaF then you can unlock Custom Night.The Bad--You can't Change the AI in Custom Night-Night 4 is very hard, so get ready.Otherwise, SL is a great game and I highly recommend it."
76561198160763220,Recommended,506610,29922263,Posted: 14 February,all,Daddy Asgore,This game adds the variety that this franchise needed!  If you don't like the repetitive nature of the FNAF games I would suggest you play this one.  What you do on each night is different than the last.  I highly reccomend this game!
,Recommended,506610,29935445,Posted: 14 February,all,(B.O.N.K) TheDeadB☢nkD☣nker,not bad
76561198336498981,Recommended,506610,29830568,Posted: 10 February,all,raymarcum2007,This is the best FNAF game ever!!! It would be cool if he made FNAF 6.
76561198360624217,Recommended,506610,29874696,Posted: 12 February,all,ruby.firestone12,It's a great game got a glich.Its a thrilling expenice and thinks scott for makeing something new
76561198206215721,Recommended,506610,29282435,Posted: 15 January,all,cakeanator260,This is one of the best games i have ever played.
,Recommended,506610,29552782,Posted: 28 January,all,CheeseAndMemes,"This is my first review so it may not be really good.I really enjoyed Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location since it wasn't like the other FNaF games. I'm not saying that I didn't like the other games, but this one really took the cake. The voice acting was good (props to Funtime Freddy's voice actor) and the game had some comic relief which made the game more fun and enjoyable. I'm going to make a list of pros and cons from this game so people can get the gist of my review.PROS-Good voice acting-New gameplay style-Scary and startling-Interesting storyline-Each night brought something different-Comic relief helped ease things up a bit-Exotic ButtersCONS-The checkpoint system-The night 5 passcode part (atleast for me)-Almost all of the springlocks snap shut at the end of night 4-When Baby is leading you through Funtime Auditorum, it took me a while to figure out how to go forward and left (mainly because it didn't say press W+D)-The death minigame was really annoying to do and super stressful when you get the ice creamOverall I'd rate this a 9.5/10. There's a few cons, but the game's pros make it a lot better.I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who likes puzzles, challenges, horror, and the FNaF series."
,Recommended,506610,29548004,Posted: 28 January,all,Unusual Spy,"I love all of Scott's games and reccomend it because of a different gameplay strategy. Introduced to new tactics and anamatronics, this game follows a ""task"" tactic where you are given a task and must complete it. I feel this is a bit of a story tactic. I rate this 4/5 stars because of how I feel a different type of game compared to the simple point and click games like FNAF 1-4."
,Recommended,506610,29529484,Posted: 27 January,all,Enragement Child 54,"This game (In my opinion) is the best the FNaF franchise. Awesome story, awesome characters, AND if you don't want to spend your money on the other 4 games, that's fine because you can jump straight into this one and be really aware of what's going on. I would buy this game if you're looking for scares and even a few challenges."
,Recommended,506610,29513495,Posted: 26 January,all,Geboota,Hey scott cawthon! I was wondering if you are going to make Five Nights at Freddy's Sister Location TWO!!! i don't think that the end of the game isn't really the end. let me know if you are making the 2nd fnaf sl. i really would love to play more horror! thnxGeboota
76561198353710419,Recommended,506610,29431701,Posted: 22 January,all,Monsterslayer22,Scary and and and really good good
,Recommended,506610,29528452,Posted: 27 January,all,Theprogamer20161,This game is perfect. I loved every single moment of this game. Thx Scott <3 Best game eva 9001/10.
,Recommended,506610,29519711,Posted: 27 January,all,Yeager The Hunter,fun and dumb
76561198337176319,Recommended,506610,29527704,Posted: 27 January,all,joshuasmart,Very enjoyable and scary
76561198074015244,Recommended,506610,29532339,Posted: 27 January,all,Yellowcab the Hunter,"Opens laptopSees fnaf slBowtit like ya doOpens gameStarts new gameNight 1:Voise actin HOLY ****Kay this ain't to scaryOOOO tv show? *laughs*Show ends with suspense of what happens next... OMFG I luv it!Night 2:Okay, this is koolGose in roomWAYT Y DA POWER GO OUT?!?""Creepy voise says {yo gunna get ****** up if yal fams listen 2 his ****}Slowly goes in the roomCovers eyes with man pursePeeks thru the ziper hole...Sees BalloraPees pantsGets killed by BalloraScreams like lil girlDeletes FNaF: SLDeletes SteamDeletes WindowsSues Scott CawthonSues VALVeSues MicrosoftBlows up EarthFlyes to a galaxy far, far awayEnds up on a planet full of XenomorphsOut of gasOut of clean pantsStill better than game10/10 iGN"
76561198210646013,Recommended,506610,29345302,Posted: 18 January,all,nofiltermangle,"I love it so much! FNAF is one of my favourite games. The only problem is I can get past night 4 on my phone (I finished the game on my phone in like, 20 minutes.), but i can't get passed it on my computer! ): (:"
,Recommended,506610,29465558,Posted: 24 January,all,Ryan,"This game was amazing! The graphics were good, the game story was great. Everything about this is awesome! The jumpscares scared me a bit! I Really recommend this game to horror game players."
76561198148541614,Recommended,506610,29476161,Posted: 24 January,all,Ruby,"Great game for the most part but i'll go in detail why notProsThe game is different each nightKinda atmospheric, but toned downRActually scared meGreat gameplay, runs smoothlyConsThe new fanbase... dear god.It may be different but is still repetitiveGraphical design is poorly rendered, (on the bright side, it's still beatiful though.)Lighting and other issues"
,Recommended,506610,29424247,Posted: 22 January,all,Mankey the monkey,Great game you should play it{also play tattletailhttp://community.edgecast.steamstatic.com/economy/emoticon/tattletail}
,Recommended,506610,29411770,Posted: 21 January,all,Loafman11,Really good job Scott! Now if you're looking for an Five Nights at Freddy's in this game then you're not getting it untill the end. This is a whole new kind of game but in a good way.
,Recommended,506610,29410463,Posted: 21 January,all,NerdyKhaleesi,IT IS SO FUN! SO MUCH MYSTERYS!
76561198308743475,Recommended,506610,29408322,Posted: 21 January,all,doritoeslover2287,"THIS GAME WAS AWESOME, until night 4 came"
76561198335099480,Recommended,506610,29346340,Posted: 18 January,all,Louispach,its running not cool
76561198299135707,Recommended,506610,29346469,Posted: 18 January,all,Nightmare Foxy,Great game scott my man you really outdone yourself this time your games are so fun a creative and this is the first time a fnaf game has voice acting so if your a fnaf fan then this is the game for you also a special treat at the golden freddy ending not telling beacuse of spoilers.
76561198274168604,Recommended,506610,29851843,Posted: 11 February,all,Goldentattletail1987,I love all of it from the jumpscares to all the voice acting
76561198325623102,Recommended,506610,29660327,Posted: 2 February,all,Mr.Velocibox,good but needs more\
76561198336212779,Recommended,506610,29609389,Posted: 31 January,all,izayaperia,"It's a great game, but for me everything is complicated. I'm not committed to Five Nights at Freddy's like most people are, and Funtime Foxy's Jumpscare almost  gave me a heart attack. Sorry guys, it's a great game which is why I recommend it, but it's just not for me."
76561198356366841,Recommended,506610,30323428,Posted: 4 March,all,Jedisonic44,Great game.Recommend.
,Not Recommended,506610,25913458,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Urist McEngie,"Not the best if you want to play it at 1080p.The game is nice, looks lovely, voice acting and comedy is good, although night 4 feels like an arbitrary difficulty spike.I had to skip night 4, however, I feel like I found a worse level than night 4 - a fun little minigame called ""click the tiny squares of a numpad with only a few seconds to react after hearing a number or else you get jumpscared and have to go through several minutes of dialogue and boring gameplay(not in that order)""I mean, I guess I could play it at a lower res on my laptop or something, but I've just lost all will to play SL at this point, maybe I'll have more luck with the OG fnaf rather than this game."
76561198258290426,Recommended,506610,25975536,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,I Eatz Catz,"Best FNAF GameP.S: 1, Night 4 is still imposible to me2, Scott, why did you lie and say fnaf sl was cancelled (I learned that the opening of the location was cancelled due to gas leaks, thought it was something else. Sorry.)"
76561198288470840,Recommended,506610,31447722,Posted: 29 April,all,matthewrt1,This game is amazing I have never played something so detailed and so horrifying at the same time! I vote this 1000 out of 10
76561198354016629,Recommended,506610,30601616,Posted: 18 March,all,penelope.s.andrew,please make night 4 more easy
76561198145105431,Recommended,506610,31426856,Posted: 28 April,all,Niskem,"This is the first fnaf game i've played, and it's very difficult. It's not a bad game, but i really reccomend having good reflexes. If you wanna try fnaf games, look for the earlier ones to get used to it. Plus you need a good mouse and other stuff to do some minigames, i returned this game because that. But really, its not a bad game you really just need some skills."
76561198351235085,Recommended,506610,31323918,Posted: 23 April,all,auddoh,"I dislike how hard night four was, the spring locks take a long time to wound up. It took me about 15 try's to finish round 3 and then i was jump scared, I'm still working night four, i have spent two hours winding up the spring locks and getting jump scared, i like that this one can easily be beaten, compared to fanf 1, fanf 2, fnaf 3, and fnaf 4, but sister location, on night four its just a bit hard."
76561198367356282,Recommended,506610,31532764,Posted: 3 May,all,lukeyyyyyyyyyyyyy,noice game scottlol
76561198347103016,Recommended,506610,31573794,Posted: 5 May,all,MathewK118,Love the lore :) keep making teh good games.
76561198319662204,Recommended,506610,31847997,Posted: 19 May,all,MangleOfDarkness,"I love all the Five Nights at Freddy's games in the series and this one is sorta different and it has new characters more storys and cut scenes and minigames of course! I love it, it for sure gave me a few scares XD so i recommend this game among all!"
76561198322081696,Recommended,506610,31884132,Posted: 21 May,all,jschick1962,very fun but on windows 10 it lags plz message back on how to stop lag in fnaf sl
76561198272301929,Recommended,506610,31903406,Posted: 22 May,all,CreeperKid61,"The game is really good! Just be aware if its not obvious enough this game is SCARY. Just a warning. But it is VERY VERY different from the other FNaF games, but in a good way! I like how Scott is taking a turn from a survival horror game where you need to survive for a certain amount of time to a story driven horror game! Deffinatly recommended!"
,Recommended,506610,31887380,Posted: 21 May,all,TheRIPISHERE,"What can I say about this game?It's amazing.It's WAY diffrent than the normal Five Nights style.Scott has put many new elements and some amazing old ones like the FNAF cameras and the FNAF 1 doors.Overall, Scott has really put more effort into this as much as the first game!I'm proud of Scott.TheRIP signing out."
76561198314972340,Recommended,506610,31980743,Posted: 26 May,all,ian.rowles.146,it is very fun i got throo it qick and madeit to cosdud night
76561198259742126,Recommended,506610,31975637,Posted: 26 May,all,lol,"This game was a lot better and different than some other FNaF games. I'm not saying I hated the other FNaF games, I actually enjoyed every single one! In this FNaF game, you do different things on all the nights, which makes the game a lot more fun to play through.  And has multiple endings like FNaF 3. This game also has some added comedy, with the vampire soap opera T.V show you watch after every night.  The custom night that you unlock after beating night 5 adds a lot more fun and challenge into the game too. I want all the FNaF games to be like this. If you disliked the other FNaF games for just doing the same thing every night, give this game a try."
76561198358080992,Recommended,506610,31912086,Posted: 22 May,all,jennagal03,"Good fun, although I already knew what to do thanks to youtube. Love the art. Well done to Scott."
76561198352588011,Recommended,506610,31925478,Posted: 23 May,all,melanie_g_jones,"fnaf sl was in my opinion the bestof the five nights series. the things i loved most of it were the partial free roam ability and the huge amount of story inplemented through the ending, the minigame, and the purple guy transformation cutscenes along with the final springtrap cutscene. scott cawthon you arethe absolute man and i can't  wait to see what you do in the near future"
76561198325638935,Recommended,506610,31994714,Posted: 27 May,all,tytyrochigh,It's a very good game I love it probably my favourite so i hope you play it
,Recommended,506610,32402597,Posted: 13 June,all,???,yes
76561198195333517,Recommended,506610,32551925,Posted: 18 June,all,★DelayedCannon★,This game is better then every other fnaf game ecept the first one.Pros-Scary Moments-good price-new mechanics-new animatronics-voice acting-graphics are the best compared to every other game-adding new stuff to the story line-and no repition of the samethingCons-Horrible fan base with porno animatronics-consusing story line but still interesting-and sometimes the voices get annoyingOverall this a a great game worth every pennie and i wish you luck on the move coming out
,Recommended,506610,25927336,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,F0xyzz,"Nice game, even though the community is not on the same earth as the normal people are. Pretty easy to finish."
,Recommended,506610,32746245,Posted: 24 June,all,TheClayMan,BonBon won't show up once on night 3. Other than that good game
,Recommended,506610,32756132,Posted: 24 June,all,Tactical Diesel,Not bad.
,Recommended,506610,26419114,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bryann,"The 5th main line Five Nights At Freddy's game.  Really good horror game that I reccomend, but it is not perfectPros-More story revealed-fun gameplay that is not as repetitive as the other Five Nights games-Decent length/Bonuses after main gameCons-The TV show parts of the game were not very interesting and felt placed in to make the game longer-The gameplay is constatntly changing. Its better than having the gameplay repetitive I guess."
,Recommended,506610,25912916,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dogsplice,"Best in the franchise if you're interested in the lore, but not as accesible to those who aren't compared to the other games. What you have here, however, is a very engaging point-and-click horror game with some good voice acting and atmosphere. A must-play for any fan of the series so far."
76561198305793776,Recommended,506610,32962598,Posted: 28 June,all,Rogon,"great game, its really challanging and thats what makes it soo good"
76561198130982692,Recommended,506610,29707074,Posted: 4 February,all,☆GeneralBonziCactus☆,Pretty good also 10/20 mode on golden freddy pretty hard but i know its not impossible
76561198353703594,Recommended,506610,32607885,Posted: 20 June,all,susanlucas12,Better gameplay than the other fnaf games but you should buy them all.
,Recommended,506610,32625543,Posted: 21 June,all,Bossplaya21,i like every part of this game its really fun you need to think so hard on night 5 plz get this game really fun and hard
76561198207722619,Recommended,506610,32575519,Posted: 19 June,all,MAD JACK.exe,ITS SPOOKY AND IT SPOOK ME
76561198350536624,Recommended,506610,32592754,Posted: 20 June,all,jocelynthomas10,this is a nice game and i love it
76561198354159176,Recommended,506610,32582014,Posted: 19 June,all,annacraddick,i love all fnaf games scott was right about the dark term of the game but its the best voice acting game
,Recommended,506610,28758028,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,:'(,"It's the best one so far, LOL I bought it immediately when I saw TEDDYBEAR87 live stream, still I can't beat night 4 even after the update XD.FNaF community 10/10Voice actors 10/10Gameplay 10/10"
76561198307266526,Recommended,506610,33049802,Posted: 30 June,all,YourBoiCheesecake,it is pretty spoopy
76561198169313547,Recommended,506610,26224105,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,SemenAtor,I pooped my pants 10/10
,Not Recommended,506610,25914077,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,EmotionalTag,Night 4
,Recommended,506610,30804721,Posted: 28 March,all,Hackerswuzhere,I did not like it at first because I could not beat night 4 but when I beat it I loved it GET THIS GAME IM NOT ADVERTISING LIKE SCO** CAWT*** TOLD ME THE BEST PERSON IN THE WORLD HE TOTALLY TOLD ME TO DO THIS GUYS.       *short cough* not lying * LOUD COUGH*
76561198325285379,Recommended,506610,33088112,Posted: 1 July,all,zackread123,YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
,Recommended,506610,26342671,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,你妈是个妓女 / 你父亲,"Its the best game, the graphics are awesome, the actors are great and the handy unit is so funny."
76561198210124347,Recommended,506610,31096448,Posted: 12 April,all,SwagMaster,Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location is a horror game where you have to survive 6 nights when animatronics are trying to kill you... You have to survive the nights to beat the game. The graphics are decent. Controls are not that bad and this game has the best story of the 5 Fnaf games so far...Overall 6.9/10 I recommend buying the first one and this one but the other ones are all a little bit meh...
,Recommended,506610,32440926,Posted: 15 June,all,NansyTskl,Perfection!
76561198263042812,Recommended,506610,28286662,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Almond_Lover_XxX,"This is just how a Fnaf game should be made. In my opinion, this is the best Fnaf sequel to this day. Fnaf might not have the popularity it had around the third game, but it's still going strong among loyal fans like me. It was hyped and it lived up to the hype. It even got a free major update that I just had to finish to write this review. And what exactly is so special about this Fnaf game? It has jumpscares - something that no other Fnaf game had. Ok, on a serious note, it has almost everything that people wanted in a Fnaf game. But what?A whole different play style - check.A whole different atmosphere - check.Even creepier animatronics - check.More from the animatronics' perspective - check.More thought put into the gameplay - check.Better storytelling - check.More answers than questions - ehh...we did get some big reveals...and big question marks...so - not-a-100%-check.A new meme - check.Freakin' custom night coming back - check.As you can see, we got the Fnaf game we've always wanted, didn't we? But I'm gonna lie if I say it doesn't have flaws. For example, some of the gameplay ideas should be more freshed out.The story shouldn't become so complex and confusing. And all that. But nothing is perfect. However, what we got is just enough. One of the things that surprised me (in a good way)  was the different atmosphere -putting some humour in a horror game is risky, but Scott's the best at taking risks *cough-cough-making fnaf-cough-cough*. In fact, that worked out so well -it let us see the Fnaf universe from a different and more human-like perspective.Finally, I think that people who haven't even heard of Fnaf can enjoy this, while it may confuse them here and there, it'll still be a good beginning because of how different it is than the original quadrilogy. Sister Location is a must play.A whole new and exciting horror game - check."
76561198335123064,Recommended,506610,32522251,Posted: 17 June,all,nickdts1,So the 5th location or the 1st location |\|ight 1 no jumpscares |\|ight 2 getting weird |\|ight 3 getting weirder |\|ight 4 HARD |\|ight 5 IMPOSABLE! and the costom nights Diffrent? enjoy the sister location game =)
76561198340524421,Recommended,506610,32488668,Posted: 16 June,all,wbjbrb2910,This game is awesome i have completed costome nightbut night 5 was so hard i raged quit
76561198306513639,Recommended,506610,32570607,Posted: 19 June,all,well then,"Great Game! I know it sounds Strange, but if you want to play Fnaf i reccomend this first! to me its the least Freaky xD"
76561198242183264,Recommended,506610,32570397,Posted: 19 June,all,W0mb0lt,"Like all Five Night's at Freddy's Games, will scare the hell out of you if you're a horror newbie, if not, then the game play diversity will keep you coming back, and lore is very inherent in it."
76561198407318916,Recommended,506610,33769883,Posted: 24 July,all,Brandon1248,Its a Vey Great Game Both Story Wise And Extremly Scary in a way! I'm Wondering how people are struggling with night 4 (No Offense) all you have to do is look at both sides of the head and when you see minerenna crawling up it wiggle don't wiggle if minereenas are crawling under your legs unless they're is a minereena on one side of the tank and night 5 was pretty good in my opinion i loved how scott made sister location connect with the story of the book silver eyes and fnaf world because scott fooled us (me at least) into thinking it was still tided to the other games good job on you scott i hope you have a good time taking some time off of video games!
76561198350649535,Recommended,506610,33778723,Posted: 24 July,all,Awesome Gamer,this is best of all of them i love how you can move room to room
,Not Recommended,506610,25916553,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,H3RM1T,Jumpscares are not scary anymore.
,Recommended,506610,28762842,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Spine04,Great spinnoff of other Fnaf games.
,Recommended,506610,33679924,Posted: 20 July,all,Soundwave,"I like this one especially because it takes a new turn on the series, all new characters, location and mechanics, yet it still twists into connections of the lore from the previous games. I love the voice acting and music above all in this game, well done."
76561198216062052,Recommended,506610,33615721,Posted: 17 July,all,croberts444,"BEST GAME EVER!!! 1,000,000,000 OUT OF 1,000,000,000. DEFINITLY PLAY THIS. SPOILER:/'][;., ok youve been warnedYOU CAN WALK AROUND!!!"
76561198405561966,Recommended,506610,33828126,Posted: 27 July,all,wwy348,such a jump scare game.. so much fun!
76561198044244547,Recommended,506610,25937187,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Hercule,plz play this game.It is a horror & fun
76561198084899871,Recommended,506610,25925445,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Pacman20091,"Who doesn't like more FNaF? In Sister Location you don't play as a security guard but a late night technician, it's your job to make sure the animatronics are ready to be used properly in the morning and hopefully not die from them while you do so.In this game you have a new set of animatronics to play with, you have Funtime Freddy, Funtime Foxy, Ballora and her Minireena's and you have the star of this game Baby the Circus Clown.Pros:- New Location (This isn't Freddy Fazbear's Pizza anymore)- New Gameplay/Free Roam (It's like a point and click to go here type game)-  More Voice Acting (Something that should have been in the original games because it works so well here)Cons:- Just like FNaF 4 the volume is loud so if your wearing headphones your ears are going to hurt after every play session- Unlike the other games Sister Location seems to require you to read the book ""Silver Eyes"" to get what's going on because the game ends in a way that hasn't happened in any other FNaF game and it just leaves more questions then answers"
76561198369217560,Recommended,506610,33856213,Posted: 28 July,all,Mystery,Wow! Scott did a REALLY!!! Good Job on making this game!
76561198075238246,Recommended,506610,33878954,Posted: 29 July,all,Crunchy,it's a bit diferent.holy♥♥♥♥♥♥im writing this in 2017
76561198342928919,Recommended,506610,30757550,Posted: 26 March,all,Chicken,Scott I love this game alot
76561198340426596,Recommended,506610,34107796,Posted: 8 August,all,kyleykhara,SCARY AND AMAZING 2
,Recommended,506610,25975618,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,VapeMcWave,"In the begining, I wasnt expecting much. After playing and beating the game, along with the secret ending, I was amazed. I love how you get to walk around the building and the story is amazing! I recomend buying this game. It's pretty short, about an 1-2 hour play time. I have replayed and beaten it 3 times. The game has easy and hard parts but the real part is the jumpscares. If you want a good scare, go buy this game, you wont regret it."
76561198335886812,Recommended,506610,28426271,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,idk_what_im_doing1,173.3 hours playing this gameit's fun
,Not Recommended,506610,26212684,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Piogigl@pvpro.com,"very bad do not ever play it in your life becasue you are not gonna die of fear, you are gonna die when se how bad is this game"
76561198349835099,Recommended,506610,34196513,Posted: 12 August,all,cwk1107,This is a good game i waited a long time to get this I had fun playing this game but I was kinda disappointed
76561198371609822,Recommended,506610,34152932,Posted: 10 August,all,smithkj4,i love this game i like how much scott put so much stuff but i cant get pass night 5 and not get scooped
76561198349145962,Recommended,506610,33405545,Posted: 9 July,all,The Father Of Understanding,SPOILER ALERT10/10 would get scooped again
76561198163063859,Recommended,506610,34371344,Posted: 20 August,all,Travi-S,Dankest game ever
,Not Recommended,506610,25914875,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,JayPlayzGamez45,"So, this game was pretty enjoyable but in my opinion the worst Five Nights there is. I still play the game sometimes when I get bored, but this has to be the least enjoyable FNaF game there is tbh. I'm gonna list my pros and cons to this game.Pros:Graphics are outstanding, really got good throughout the series.Voice acting is really good, they really fit with the character.The game is pretty original.Custom night modes are pretty good.No glitches encountered.The cutscenes at the end of the custom nights are good and actually explain some things.Cons:The game can get boring overtime.The custom night really isn't customizable.The humor kind of kills the spooky mood the FNaF games have.Shouldn't every night get harder than the last? Night 2 was kind of hard, Night 3 was easy, Night 4 was insane, Night 5 was just boring.The only enjoyable nights in this game are Night 2 and 3.There should be an options menu for people with bad pc's (SL runs fine with me, but for some of my friends, it runs bad.)There isn't a lot of content, only nights 1-5 (which aren't that good.) and a ""custom"" night.Sure it adds mystery and stuff, but when will we actually find the answers to other mysteries from the original FNaF?There really isn't that much easter eggs, and only one mini-game that adds more mystery.There is only 2 endings, the fake and real ending, sure FNaF3 had two endings, but FNaF3 managed to pull it off well.The ambiance isn't that good.This game is all about ""What else should I add, maybe some mysterious to never be answered, kthxbye.""Baby was never seen in the game (not counting night 5, all she is, is sitting down on a desk thing.)Alright well that was my pros/cons list. Sorry for it being long (espicially the cons.) And if you start hating on me, or saying I'm not a FNaF fan (which I am), you're just being plain immature. I honestly hope this list can help out with some things in the upcoming FNaF6, because if not, I'm not sure if I would be buying or playing the games anymore. Scott, please make the FNaF6 game like a comeback to making FNaF really good. Thanks for reading my review (you, whoever you are.) And I am gonna go now."
76561198421259242,Recommended,506610,35009650,Posted: 16 September,all,charliejudd32,omggggggggggggggggggggggg my antivirus wont work waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa kgnserjoth help meh pls
,Recommended,506610,26299046,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Nightmare Gretel~♡,EXOTIC BUTTERS LISTEXOTIC BUTTERSEXOTIC BUTTERSEXOTIC BUTTERSEXOTIC BUTTERSEXOTIC BUTTERSEXOTIC BUTTERSEXOTIC BUTTERSEXOTIC BUTTERSEXOTIC BUTTERSEXOTIC BUTTERS
76561198125333944,Recommended,506610,34952552,Posted: 14 September,all,Waitedboat4,Pretty good in the installement of the games! But kind of badly made on iOS and Android. Good game on PC though! Keep going Scottt you can do it!
,Recommended,506610,34954132,Posted: 14 September,all,Pickle Rick,"When I played this game it gave me the chills heres my story on why five nights at freddy's Sister Location is the best game in series.19 Aug 2014:Scott cawthon released Five Nights At Freddy's a simplistic yet horrifying scary game.11 Nov 2014:Scott released Five Nights At Freddys 2 ye again simplistic game but this time slighty more horrifying with the act of being tense and worried of BB.1 year later.3rd March 2015:FNAF 3 came out with it being so simplistic people started getting suspicious about the game fnaf fan92 said""does it lack lore or is it all hidden"" the lore was there but in small doses of ""sister location"".23rd Jul 2015:FNAF 4 came out people were so terrifed of the tension and that FNAF 4 put on them that Scott actully added more content on halloween featering FUN WITH BB!1 year later7 Oct 2016:Here we are Sister Location again with its simplistic design but this time scott made us move rooms each night so that was cool an added (drum role please) A TV WATCHING LVL!! yay! this one is best because it adds a new mechanic tto the game new areas."
,Recommended,506610,30807733,Posted: 28 March,all,Mallikeet,"So, funny story, a dead body was found in this vent once. Mmkay, so, not that funny but it's a story!"
76561198248202790,Recommended,506610,35187429,Posted: 24 September,all,the way of the fist,"I cant finish night 4. Not because im bad, it feels like its based on luck. I would say that Scott needs to work a little bit harder to make less frustrating puzzles. I've tryed the same level a hundred times and im seriously sick of playing it.As far as i've understood im not only one with the same problem. And i feel like i shouldnt be forced to cheat with the game files to finish the game.I really love it though. It has a great atmosphere and is creepy as all hell.Im a really big fan of the fnaf games and i love the theorising around it.I really recommend trying it out, its a good game."
,Recommended,506610,26018611,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Poptarticus,Good GameBad Fandom
76561198415585527,Recommended,506610,35168137,Posted: 23 September,all,ladyuniversegaming,This game does not have a camera sistom and the game is very good
76561198422923758,Recommended,506610,35195133,Posted: 24 September,all,kleenmachine,its awesome
76561198364782296,Recommended,506610,34242769,Posted: 14 August,all,ShadowOps1011,i love this game
76561198370984261,Recommended,506610,34556797,Posted: 28 August,all,Alpha,amazing!
76561198173041421,Recommended,506610,34530720,Posted: 27 August,all,magicjack09,"hard,fun,scary and want another game :]"
,Recommended,506610,33887709,Posted: 29 July,all,core_glitch,shoukd make it so you can change the AI like in FNAF 1 but great game
,Recommended,506610,34681028,Posted: 2 September,all,luckystar042212,I reconmend this game but it doesn't work with my laptop even though I've played it on a friends!
76561198312273117,Recommended,506610,34207847,Posted: 13 August,all,GhostFaceH20,"This Fnaf game is different from the others we've had so far we're able to free roam around the place well kinda, Voice actors, dozens of secrets we still have left to discover and crack open and get jumpscared everytime in this game love and I think you should play it"
,Recommended,506610,34686314,Posted: 2 September,all,Kreeko,it alright
76561198079564823,Recommended,506610,34091582,Posted: 7 August,all,tommytheguy,mehgood storybutmehit was a fun game and it is cheapbut there is nothing special about itthe first game was good2nd meh3rd GARBAGE4th wait wat?5th meh again6/10
76561198213638357,Recommended,506610,28320330,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Game Slacker,"The game was pretty cool, but I feel its not the best one. For example, It was pretty short at first but the new update fixed that. Also it was pretty frustrating at some parts but I appreciate the more story driven approach. The big downside of this for me is it wasn't as scary as the other fnaf games. The short ""cut scenes"" in between nights when your at home kind of detracted from the experience and the ambiance of the game and for me it felt like a tutorial throughout the entire thing, except for the ennard ""boss fight"". I've enjoyed all the fnaf games so far and this one is no different. Although I think this isn't the best one I would still recommend it."
,Recommended,506610,30180886,Posted: 25 February,all,OptiPaige,can't express how much i love this
76561198354233989,Recommended,506610,34639288,Posted: 31 August,all,CRIMZONgamekit.com,it thrillin and exciting
,Recommended,506610,25936445,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Derp Person,"Now, you may think every FNaF game is reletavley the same when it comes to the basic premise. Just that it may have some new twists each game, in the end it'll be mostly the same. However, this game. Where do I even begin. It's different from every other FNaF game. It doesn't get repetative each night either. Each night involves new mechanics. So every night you can make sure to be ready for new types of scares while learning how to get things going. It's really scary (Night 2 I was already squealing, people who have played will know why) and I just reccomend getting it. Also, there's a couple secrets you should go looking out for in the game ;)."
76561198200950163,Recommended,506610,34891918,Posted: 11 September,all,🦊🎃altarion71🎃🦊,LOVE IT FRUSTRATING BUT FUN AND I LOVE THE JUMPSCARES (btw farthest ive got is night 4!)
76561198253160354,Recommended,506610,33046150,Posted: 30 June,all,Black Sheep,I was playing the last night then in the skoopin' room the skoopper was hitting me and then I dont get  died theres something wrong in the game Im do agry now
,Not Recommended,506610,32316821,Posted: 10 June,all,Nugget,I can't beat night 4. B
76561198157161424,Recommended,506610,35250130,Posted: 27 September,all,GodOfSnipez,"I love the fnaf games, and this one took a step in a new direction, and they nailed it. Note: if you're wondering why i have so few hours, it's because i rage quitted on night 4."
76561198198746509,Recommended,506610,35236517,Posted: 26 September,all,Purple_Darkness,"Really fun/suspenseful game, has a great hidden story do recommend to horror fans and anyone in general!"
,Recommended,506610,28682399,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Evil Morty,"10/10 The custom night from FNaF 1 and 2 is back, the gameplay is not repetitive anymore since there is a new task every night, the jumpscares are actually scary and it has multiple endings."
76561198285701644,Recommended,506610,25975462,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,slimyslime11,Good jumpscares.
76561198257263057,Recommended,506610,35464365,Posted: 3 October,all,The_FNaF_Player,Very awesome game! I like how you have stuck with Click fusion team!
76561198402698100,Recommended,506610,35481468,Posted: 4 October,all,jben32333,Love the game but is very hard for me.  Custom night is my favorite part.
