user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198004423149,Recommended,506870,32122499,Posted: 1 June,all,The BlackVision,"Short(ish) Review:An excellent game with an attentive developer and superb level generation - something deserving merit in its own right: it's not just built out of unique 'chunks' or totally random individual dungeon levels, but built from the ground up so that the entire dungeon interacts - a masterpiece of procedural development - and better, one which feels totally natural while exploring the unexplored!Not to mention - the worlds within are gorgeous. You can feel the chill in the icy winds, be stunned by the verdant life in the teeming underworld or move through the silent, echoing halls of the long-dead and above all, the sounds: hear the whispering sounds of dead gods in forgotten corners, your own footsteps and the shuffle of things moving behind walls: 'atmospheric' doesn't cover the half of it.In addition to this, the game gives endless replayability, I would also add a solid- and terrifyingly dangerous - world: the monsters, all the way from the standard bats and rats up to the big scary stuff later on all feel unique, and are all potentially dangerous, even when you know their foibles: all it takes it one bad curse or mistep to remind you you're not invincible.For all that though, there is a definite gratifying progression - you start off living off your nerves and twitch reactions, and you get solidly geared up and down your first-dozen strength potions with a healthy supply of life and healing potions and you think you're all set - and you can wade through anything!...right up until you find whatever new horror the dungeon's got lying in wait to trip you up.The attention given by the developers on the forums is also excellent - regular additions of new content and bug-fixing come day-by-day. On which subject, the one area I have a few issues with - bugs. Most people seem to be able to run the game without problems - great. I'm not so fortunate, sadly. That doesn't mean I dislike how it stands, but it is a bit glitchy - and again, I hasten to point out that most people don't have any issues!None the less, every issue I've raised has been dealt with as speedily as one could expect, and I've rarely experienced the same issue for long - and each version is smoother and cleaner with less of the issues showing.One playthrough (no spoilers, but lots of atmosphere):I still remember my first great run - I was doing swimmingly well, geared up, health and strengthed up. Only then I came down to a dark level - so switched my shield out for a torch - of which I had a good 4 or so - so far, so good. Only I was surrounded by alotof giant rats. 'Ha! Rats!' I thought, and strolled through them as they parted round my light in a wave.Three rooms later, still surrounded by them, I began to wonder if I'd lose more than a few torches exploring this particularly ingenious labyrinth of switches, dark holes andso many rats...Undeterred, I continued until I realised I'd burned through 3 torches. That got me a bit worried, so I decided to speed it up a notch and continued. As my last torch was guttering, I realised I was down to just the light of one sprite, couldn't use my shield while holding it and hadn't bothered clearing out all the rats - and now, I was stuck in a corner cause if I moved, the rats would get behind me too - and I'd left it too late to retreat up a floor.My run ended there, and I forever learned my lesson: nevereverunderestimate a swarm of rats :P"
,Recommended,506870,32244790,Posted: 7 June,all,Vapor_79,"Dungeon crawler that has the best levels desgin out of any random generation game I have played. The combat, loot, classes really set this game apart from the others.The Dev is very active and always seems to be making fixes or addons. Its well worth the price. Pick it up!!!"
,Recommended,506870,24814085,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This title took me by surprise - it wasn't on my radar at all.Unexploredis a brilliant little roguelite that does something really refreshing - it takes the old-school roguelike formula and truly makes it accessible to a wider audience through streamlined interface, great in-game descriptions, and simple controls.Overall, I'd say the difficulty curve is less steep, as well (in the sense that you will on average play longer without dying than you may find in some classic roguelikes).You will feel much less confused and frustrated when approaching it compared to classic roguelikes, yet you still get thatroguelike feel, if you know what I'm saying.The other absolutely brilliant thing the devs did is to finally put some brains behind the procedural generation. I have been completely sick and tired of lousy procedural levels. While 'randomized level design' may mean 'infinite replayability', it doesn not mean that the level design is anything other thanboring. Any idiot can randomize a cut-and-paste template to make random levels, but to make the levels not look random is elegant. This is definately a high point forUnexplored.Essentially, you dungeon run, die, learn why you died, run again, don't die because of that thing. Repeat.The interface and controls are great. You can be up-and-running very quickly, and not feel completely confused and overwhelmed at what the heck is going on.Pros:+Great innovation between old-school roguelike and modern accessibility+Controls are great, and there are already options (controller support is apparently on its way)+Great procedural generation+Definately has a 'one more run' addictiveness+Overall, just really fun+Meta game progression (not a ton, but its there)Cons:-Some very minor performance issues right now (ie. it crashed on me once and stuttered-near-crashed once); not a biggie since its EAI'm so excited to keep playing. Definately worth full price."
,Recommended,506870,28200951,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Misery,"Well, I gotta say... this game absolutely came out of nowhere for me.  Apparantly showing up in August, yet I'd never seen it even once until Steam randomly threw it at me recently (stupid overloaded store...).  And that's a bloody shame: I buy alot of different games pretty often, but of all of them I've gotten this year, this is probably the one that deserves the most attention by far.  Hopefully, perhaps this review can help to convince some more people to buy it.Unexplored is an action roguelike (as in, real-time) that creates a very detailed and interesting world for you to explore, as you control your amorphous one-eyed blob of a character (???) throughout an extremely intricate dungeon full of traps, monsters, exploding things, and all sorts of junk that you'd expect to find in a horrible dungeon of doom.  The Amulet of Yendor (which apparently is like the greatest thing ever, according to roguelikes) is your goal, which needless to say is at the bottom of this horrible death pit.And that horrible death pit is one of the big draws of this game.  Possibly the game's most striking feature is the dungeon itself.  Using something called ""cyclic generation"", the game creates all sorts of amazingly complicated floors that tend to feel hand-crafted rather than purely random.  This fascinates me to no end, and it ensures that each floor is INTERESTING.  But it goes a bit further than that.  For example, the idea of a lock and a key... pretty familar, right?  Well... not always.  The game takes the idea of a lock and key and abstracts them (is that the right word?).  The ""lock"" might be a hideous room of death turrets.  The ""key"" might be a potion of invisibility that you found elsewhere, allowing you to bypass the turrets safely.  Or perhaps you're in a dungeon floor filled with chasms, and you find out that the exit is COMPLETELY blocked off in it's own seperate room... you cant get in there.  However, the game has been handing you a bunch of ropes, which can be used to climb down into the abyss and onto the next floor.  And from there, if you find the stairs that go back UP to the exit you couldnt reach, you might find a powerful item in that closed off room.   These are just a couple of examples of the fascinating situations that the game will create for you.  There's all sorts of interesting stuff that can happen.And going along with this, there's all sorts of interesting items to get too.  Many items are relatively familiar... you've got your equipment (armor, weapons, magic rings), your potions and scrolls (often unidentified when picked up, but not ALWAYS... and this aspect is soooo much more managable than in things like Nethack), magical staves, and all sorts of things.  The game tends to encourage you to actually USE these things.  Not just to get through those ""lock"" situations, but for any situation you might find yourself in, chances are you have some tools that can help you.  Even negative items (bad potions for example) can help you... that horrible potion that produces a poison cloud could wreck you if you actually drink it, but instead of doing that, you could open a door into a room filled with monsters, fling the potion in, and close the door, letting the room fill with gas, slowly killing everything inside; needless to say, this sort of thing is entertaining as heck to do.  Speaking of gas: there are various types, many of which can be ignited, and some of which do funky things.  This game being as amazingly detailed as it is, there is even wind that can blow the stuff around.  There's also water to wade through and swim in, which can really change up a situation fast (particularly if it's murky water... beware of the hard-to-see Bog Worms).  The environment and area types really add to any situation that may already be there in what is already a very complicated dungeon.And it's a dangerous place, too.  Monsters and sword-wielding jerks everywhere.  This game has quite the enemy variety... there's tons of different monsters.  Combat with these foes is rather slow, careful, and calculated.  Each individual enemy is it's own unique threat... this isnt the sort of game where you're going to dash through a room, guns blazing, killing 20 monsters in the blink of an eye.  You have to be careful here... time your swings/stabs properly, watch the enemy's movement, keep track of your surroundings, and make sure you're using your items well, as most foes can mess you up pretty badly if they get the best of you.  You have many methods of attacking your foes, as well as defending against them, and combat can get pretty tactical.  It gets especially loopy if there's a number of foes around at once... in a game where a fight with just one enemy often is careful and calculated, you REALLY dont want to be surrounded by 5 axe-wielding orcs, or something like that.  You need to keep track of your surroundings, and plan your movements.  Get the drop on the enemy (there is a stealth system!), dont let them get the drop on you.  Combat, overall, is pretty darned fun and satisfying, and the sheer enemy variety combined with everything else keeps it that way.One nice quality-of-life bit is your health potions:  You dont have to worry about forgetting to use these.  When your HP gets super low, one of them will automatically fire off for you.  This is a good thing, as you already have a squillion other things to worry about.  Dying simply because you didnt click your health potion would be stupidly irritating.And did I mention the traps?  All sorts of horrid things.  Turrets, gas vents, you name it.  Deadly things, all of them.  Exploring the level though can sometimes find you switches that shut down traps in key positions... offering you even more reason to explore this detailed world.  Be warned: this is not an easy game.  You will die, sometimes in hilarious ways (dont drink exploding potions... just dont).  There are, however, multiple difficulty options to choose from, a rarity in roguelikes.  And the game is never unfair... it always gives you the tools, you just have to figure out the best way to use them.And detailed it is.  There are even books you can find, written by previous adventurers, which may mention things like a secret room containing a Cloak of Movement on the 6th floor, giving you a clue that you can use later.  This is a very polished game filled with tons of things both major and minor, and even the smallest bits shine with quality.There's even some crafting, if you find things like forge or alchemy stations.  You can make some useful stuff here... IF you have the right items.Now, it is worth noting that the game IS still in early access as of this review... but it's so very polished and just outright good that it easily outdoes tons of completely finished game.  And the developer is very helpful and interacts with the community, and clearly cares about the project and the people playing it... so that helps even further.   I can say though that I have not run into many genuine bugs in this game; this is a very stable game, despite being in EA status.All in all, I've been playing this one to death, and this might really be my ""game of the year"".  And considering the sheer number of games that I buy, that's quite the feat.  But honestly, it's THAT good, and I'm just having that much fun with it.  I cant recommend this one enough.  The early access label doesnt matter this time... this is more than worth it, and can only get better from here."
76561198065824397,Recommended,506870,31402102,Posted: 27 April,all,"Dionysus, God of Wine","Didn't like the first fifteen minutes at all. The rest of that hour grew into 'OK'. Now I'm convinced that it's a pretty amazing game. You'll be surprised at the sheer breath of content there is, or how surprisingly deep a game gets with trap systems, different terrains, gasses, different magics and literally dozen and dozens of weird armour/weapon enchantments.Seriously.If you've ever played Brogue, Nethack or Dungeon Crawl and wondered 'how would this look like with graphics, in real-time, top-down?' then Unexplored is it. Since there's a pause that lets you manage your inventory you don't even have to be all that fast, precise or good - you get to plan your moves, just like in a roguelike. Fall into a pit of spiders - take a breather.No early-access trash, none of that tomfoolery - just an obvious love for roguelikes and dungeons.There's one negative aspect that still strikes me as unfortunate, but perhaps nessary - the backtracking. The game rewards backtracking quite heavily - there is crafting stations, altars and similar places where you can turn found resources into powerful equipment and consumables. This means that you'll most likely have to run back two, three or even four entire floors sometimes, since the game is *hard* on the hardest difficulty. This'll only happen once or twice per successful character, but it's annoying and takes a fair few minutes - ten, maybe fifteen with especially complex floors in the way."
76561197993459419,Recommended,506870,30481200,Posted: 12 March,all,Entloch,"My two favorite roguelikes are brogue and DCSS.Until now, I didn't think a real-time roguelike belonged in the ranks of those two games... but Unexplored does.  This is one of those games that's hard - you don't feel like a newb playing on easy-mode... you are proud if you make progress on easy-mode.  This is an actual roguelike with hundreds of pieces of loot; you will need to use everything you find in strategic and creative ways.The level generator is amazing.  Make sure you choose 'Randomize' everytime you play and I guarantee every game will offer a new experience.  You will unlock new classes via achievements.  It isn't easy raising your stats - since each class starts with unique gear and abilities, they all feel strong in unique ways.  For example, the rogue class always starts with a cloak of stealth and 2 daggers.  It doesn't sound like much but as a rogue you won't worry as much about range fighting and traps.It's a rare thing finding a ""roguelike"" game that's worthy of my time these days... With so many pretenders on Steam containing the word rogue somewhere in their descriptions, it's difficult to find a game that actually has some resemblance to the great game of rogue.  If you're a true rogueliker, you won't regret getting killed in Unexplored dungeons."
76561198003576113,Recommended,506870,33118233,Posted: 1 July,all,Angust,"This is a hidden gem and a personal 'Game of the Year' contender for me. I think it's strange it has so few reviews.+ Hardware mouse.+ The procedural generation. Every new playthrough is very different from the last.+ The 'feel' of the gameplay. Smooth animations, relaxing, comfortable and exciting at the same time.+ The random generator is AMAZING. Literally the best randomly generated maps I've ever seen in any dungeon game so far.+ Depth! The game is not just ""surprisingly deep"". It is ""deep"". Very replayable.+ The soundtrack. It's different and awesome.+ Helpful dev.- Had frequent stutters after playing for some time. See the steam forums for ways to reduce/remove this.- Crashes sometimes.- Backtracking.- Bugs- Poor AIAnyhow I'd say this game belongs up there on the roguelite scene together with Isaac, Gungeon, Necrodancer and Risk of Rain (and probably others). My played hours were in the 20-ish when I made this review."
,Recommended,506870,24806618,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Carlz0r,"This game is a real gem.  The way items and other things interact with each other and the world, seem to allow for a lot of emergent gameplay.  It has that real Roguelike feeling, with equipment, potions, and scrolls that aren't ID'd when you find them, and a lot of nuances to discover as you experiment and try things.The variety of equipment, weapon types, enemies, and level elements all seem quite adequate so far. The random level generator seems to work really well.  The levels feel a bit more intelligently designed than what I'm used to seeing in most roguelike/lite games, and it's all done by a procedural generator that just seems a bit more cleverly programmed than most.I will definitely keep playing this, and maybe update my review when I know more.I recommend trying it out, for sure.  It doesn't cost much, and I feel the money was well spent, in my case."
76561198027315434,Recommended,506870,33366398,Posted: 8 July,all,iacthulhuf.htagn,"This game is a worthy tribute to one of the best roguelike games ""Brogue,"" and in a way it is also its worthy successor by choosing to be realtime instead of being turn based. It has its own unique flavor and personality so that it does not feel like a rip-off at all -- on the contrary, I'd say Unexplored is how a contemporary roguelike game should be like.The game is hard, and has permadeath, so do not expect to easily beat this game, especially not on the first couple of tries. But it is a good thing, because this way your achievements will actually mean something for you. You'll feel like you have truly achieved and conquered something even if you could not complete the quest at that time (and you can re-try as many times as you want). Since the environment is procedurally generated and Unexplored has a lot of content, replayability is essentially infinite, which is not bad for a game that can be purchased for a limited amount of money. :)Regarding technology, I really like the visuals which is presented in a 3D top-down view. The environment and the characters are made of sharp, vector-like shapes, and cleverly and dynamically applied shadows and lights make everything feel alive and dangerous. The soundtrack is also nice as well as the sound effects. The menu system (including the in-game inventory) is simple but effective and works well.I recommend this game for anyone who likes to explore and wants to experience a modern roguelike, even if its realtime game flow might be strange for some -- it works and it's fun."
76561198118865475,Recommended,506870,26264902,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,elias.heyndrickx,"Unexplored is the game all roguelite fans have been waiting for. Traditionally roguelikes visually display the world with characters on a black screen. These kind of graphics don't appeal to everyone, so I was overjoyed when I found this game. It has the depth of a traditional roguelike with a much improved visual interface.A word of warning, this game is not completely bug free. While these bugs almost never hinder your progress in the dungeon they may be annnoying.SummeryYour goal is to find theAmulet Of Yendorin theDungeon Of Doom. A mythical amulet that has the power to destroy the world! As a greedy adventurer you immediately depart to get your hands on the mythical amulet. You descend down the stairs and enter the first floor, you proceed to kill all its inhabitants who have been living peacefully here for many years. You leave behind a trail of blood, dead bodies and probably your own bones. In the first few runs you will die a horrible death. As you get better at the game you will understand why you died and slowly make progress.Along the way you will encounter many enemies, puzzles, traps and bosses. They will all try to brutally murder you in their own unique way. When you manage to reach floor 20 an unspeakable horror lurks in the dark. Red menacing eyes stare at you guarding the amulet of yendor. But this horror is nothing compared to what happens next.ContentThe game is very expansive, you will not be able to get all the achievements in your first run. You might beat the game but you will be far from having seen all the content that the Dungeon Of Doom has in store for you. The game offers an infinite replayability that will keep you amused for many hours to come. Each dungeon offers a unique set of floors that will challenge you in different ways! But don't get to attached to your character, death lurks around every corner. The learning curve is steep but flattens out once you get the basics of the game down.All in all this game has a lot of potential in it's current state. I would definitly recommend it if you enjoy playing roguelikes."
76561198101963252,Recommended,506870,24852383,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,-F00L-]V[eT@L-,"Easily one of my favorite games of all time. It's constantly evolving with new content and has a dev team that cares about the game and it's community deeply.For whoever hasn't bought the game yet and comes across this review Unexplored is a great game and if you're a fan of other action roguelite games then I believe you will dig this game. The art style  and the combat are unique but there are quite a few things any rogue-type gamer will find familiar and feel right at home with. There's alot to like about this game and it keeps getting better and will continue to do so throughout EA.But anyway if you like rogue-type games then consider supporting Unexplored. :)I recommend this game for sure!EDIT: This game just keeps getting better and better, seriously BUY THIS GAME!!  :)"
76561198065408546,Recommended,506870,31779323,Posted: 15 May,all,szarkamichael,"This game has grown on me like crazy.  Admittedly I didn't really like it at first, and actually uninstalled it a few hours into playing.  I came back to it because I read an amazing article about the way that the dungeons are generated and I'm SO glad I did. First off, the dungeons are fantastic and feel like completely unique and solidly crafted levels each time, which is a crazy feat for a roguelike.  The generation of dungeons is a HUGE plus, and I hope that other roguelikes take notice.The upgrades are cool, and you generally get a wide variety of armor, weapons, and random magical items.  The puzzles are Zelda-esque and fun but not difficult.  Honestly everything is good except for the combat.  I'm not the hugest fan.  It's slow... and honestly not very tactical.  Ultimately, you are either strong enough to beat an enemy or not, which is a little frustrated as it isn't really based on skill.  Either way, it isn't bad enough to take away from the great overall experience. * I have to ammend my review here; the new balance update fixes a lot of the problems I had with combat and makes this game even more fantastic.  I'm actually enjoying combat now as a skill component was just introduced.  Kudos to the dev team for constantly improving this amazing game.  It's becoming one of my favorites. *"
76561198040548242,Recommended,506870,33185461,Posted: 3 July,all,Salade2fruit,"Do you like Brogue ? Well, buy this game ... now.For those who don't know what I am talking about, well i'll just point out the main features :-Real time roguelike but you can pause whenever you want to establish a strategy-no experience whatsoever which mean you DON'T have to kill everything-progression is emulated with potions of strenght that allow you to wear better gear ( which encourage exploration to find those potions )-The best generated levels I have ever seen, like seriously ( in very rare occasions you can end up being stuck, just PRAY for help )-random equipments / scrolls / potions / everything-A little bit of crafting, would love to see more recipes comingA really great game, maybe lacking a bit of content ( weapons and monsters ) to become a masterpiece but we're not that far away."
76561197973034678,Recommended,506870,34111674,Posted: 8 August,all,LukeBu,"Amazing!I will preface this with a message for anyone before they buy this game though.DO NOT BUY IF ANY OF THESE APPLY TO YOU!1. You do not like difficult games.2.  You think roguelike and permadeath mean the same thing.3.  You hate timing-animation based attacks with longer resets.  eg Dark Souls4. You expect every game to be like an mmorpg where the difficulty curves exactly according to math.5. Frustration at failure makes you want to quit instead of try harder.6. The top of your list of qualifications for games you buy begins with ""Graphics.""Nothing against these people, but if these apply to you you likely will dislike this game.Unexplored is a lovely real-time pausable Roguelike dungeon crawler.The game has many game modes, some unlockable classes, and tons of variably generated content.The dungeons are really interesting and procedurally made with unique puzzles, varied enemies, unique and magical items, and explorer notes used to figure out puzzles and hints throughout the game keep you engaged and paying attention.The procedural generation is the best I have seen. Areas are unique, and you need to use that to do well, and be prepared for anything.The combat is a fun skill based timing system with damage types, and even passive damage from making your weapon contact enemies without swinging them.The UI is pretty clean, and it is easy to tell what things are, and what is going on.The elements of this game come together to make something really wonderful but hard to express.It is simple to get into, but hard to master, and the entire game is replete with charm and character."
76561198026389984,Recommended,506870,30525233,Posted: 15 March,all,tiwaztiwaz,You MUST buy this game if you like RPGs! Unexplored is the best Rogue RPG I know  and I have been playing many since the 90s (starting with Moria on my Amiga500). Since the levels are beautifully randomly generated the replay value is very very high. I have played about 100 hours so far and I am still discovering new things everytime I play it.my rating for this game is 100/100   .... it is perfect.
76561197961285283,Recommended,506870,30789718,Posted: 28 March,all,Mungrul,"Excellent game, highly replayable.I think the thing that stands out for me the most as how it brings the fun back to gear identification. It's a concept that's been watered down over the years, to the extent that in something like Diablo 3, it's almost entirely pointless (and I say this as someone who loves Diablo 3).In Unexplored, every magical item starts off undentified. They can only be identified via two methods; a scroll of identification or, and this is the fun part, by using it. Unidentified weapons reveal their true natures after killing a certain amount of enemies, armour by walking a certain distance, scrolls by using them, and potions by drinking or throwing.And the limited inventory space means that at some point you will be forced into trying out something unidentified. This is where it shines, as you end up with something gloriously beneficial or hilariously unfortunate. It's so good to play a game that understands what this concept was originally meant to be. A true risk/reward mechanic.In addition, it's so good to play a game that rewards skill and intelligent use of equipment and the environment rather than simply grinding out more power levels. Sure, occasionally it means you'll have no tools available for an encounter, but you can always run away. With there being no experience points to worry about, retreat is ALWAYS a valid tactic.Highly recommended, especially now. When I bought it back in February, it was good, but buggy, resulting in me shelving it for a month. Now however, it's a lot more stable. It can get a little rickety after a few hours of play, but it's quick enough to save and restart that it doesn't matter too much.An absolute steal for the money."
,Recommended,506870,32260078,Posted: 7 June,all,CaptainSteve,"This game doesn't immediately give you glimpse beneath it's surface, but when you get a few games in and start seeing the variety and the depth, you start to realize that there's so much more to this game than you would have expected.  A lot of reviews hint at the same thing.  I haven't been able to put it down now for days.  I just wish I could find some good wikis to explain/spoil some of the harder to understand things, but the discussion board is pretty helpful in that regard.  If you do get this game, make sure you give it a few hours and a few deep dives so you really get to experience what is in store for you."
,Recommended,506870,32872336,Posted: 27 June,all,Xoyv,"it's more ""like rogue"" that most ""roguelikes"" that are avalible these daysno, really, it's pretty much rogue but without a clunky aged interface and freemovement and combat"
76561198001563465,Recommended,506870,30608777,Posted: 18 March,all,Tuidjy,"You know all the games that call themselves 'roguelikes' nowadays?  Most of them are at best roguelike-like-likes.  Well, not this one.Unexploredis real time, but apart from that, it is a true roguelike, of the hacklike family, to be precise.I just beat the game, and I am on a bit of a high, so the review is going to be glowing.  So be it.Unexploredhas everything that I like about a roguelike.- Compex combat, with varied equipment that really matters, where different enemies are handled in a completely different manner.- Upgrading and crafting of equipment, using limited resources to produce specifically what your character needs, as opposed to mass producing the same stuff everytime- Intricate levels which are a pleasure to explore- Varied enemies who start as deadly unknows, but once you understand what makes them tick, can be handled in a manner than makes you feel smart and skilled- Awesome interactions between items, creatures and the environment.  Find a blank scroll, copy anIdentifyspell on it, use it to learn that the potion you have isLevitation, drink it to bypass a bridge behind which waits an ambush, fill the empty bottle with water, douse a torch near the ambush, and take out the ambushers.- Multiple ways of handling problems, be it brawn, stealth, using the environment, etc.Does the game have problems?  Yes, a few:- There are still bugs, but the developer is great about fixing them as they are reported- There are still some interactions that are needed, if only because you get used to things making sense, and want to be able to do things you would never ask from other games.- The level generator will sometimes paint you into a corner, but once again, the developer is actively hunting down those situations.  Mostly it happens when you fall or teleport down a level, so just avoid that as much as you canBut the game is a lot more fun at its normal than it is frustrating at its worst.  At its best, when you have filled a room with flamable gas, and toss a torch to burn a crowd of dangerous enemies, it is awesome!Well worth the 10 bucks... If I had spent double that, I'd still think it was worth it."
,Recommended,506870,30125941,Posted: 23 February,all,Mitchfynde,"I've only played this very briefly, but I'm already certain that this is an excellent dungeon crawler. It brings something to the table that few other roguelikes do: accessibility! The game is simple to pick up and play. Don't get me wrong, the game is still difficult. You can still kill yourself by making small mistakes. The difference is that you can pick up this game and within minutes have a pretty good understanding of how to play it!Aside from that, it has a lot of other things to offer. The cyclical generation is excellent. The levels that are generated seem surprisingly handcrafted for being essentially random. The graphics are very indie, but I quite like them. They're very simple, but good looking graphics. The music is very nice as well. Ambient fantasy stuff.The gameplay is just great. The way you can bash enemies just by having them run into your front-facing weapons is great. The way you can duel wield just about everything is awesome. The randomized scrolls and potions, an old roguelike staple, is done as well as ever. Are you about to die? Maybe you should gulp that random flask! Did it turn you invisible or are you now burning to death? You won't know unless you try!The game is great. Buy it."
,Recommended,506870,33798206,Posted: 25 July,all,#1 Stunna,"Great game. Has a nice balance of puzzles, exploration, and combat.Pros-Great dungeon generator-Great soundtrack-Quick and easy to get a feel of how the game works and how the map layouts are-Slick UI and easy pause featureCons-Few annoying bugs and crashes, but devoloper is constantly fixing/updating-Feels like an early access game at times-Slow generating process at times"
,Recommended,506870,31207287,Posted: 17 April,all,DotA Adмinistrator,Best roguelike 2017 done right
,Recommended,506870,33250650,Posted: 4 July,all,monoculo_jim,"There are very, very few rogue-lites that actually try to do with procedural generation more than a series of arenas connected with thinly disguised corridors. Spelunky is one. This is another.  play it and remember what makes this genre so good."
,Recommended,506870,34201690,Posted: 12 August,all,Fevered,"A must for any fan of roguelikes. Super underrated game.Pros:- The most unique and amazing procedural level generation I've seen- Ridiculous amount of replayability- Tons of enemies to encounter- Lots of items, potions, and weapons- Simple, but fun and engaging combat- Very involved developer and frequent content updates- Overall gameplayCons:- Not particularly deep on lore- Crashes. The game has crashed on me several times. However, I've always been able to recover my progress from exactly where it crashed. The game has an excellent autosave.- Runs are a little too long. This is just a personal preference. I tend to prefer shorter runs in games of this genre.Overall:Fantastic game. Very Strongly recommened. Why aren't more people playing this?! I know it will be in my favorites list for a long time to come."
,Recommended,506870,31055163,Posted: 9 April,all,sixfoot6,"Dungeoneering! Exploring these mazes is quite a bit of fun. I've had quite a few varied runs, the game has a great sense of atmostphere, especially given the procedural nature of it. My son enjoys watching over my shoulder, helping me contemplate the risks and rewards. Good stuff."
76561198003167471,Recommended,506870,31385863,Posted: 26 April,all,Fatsy Piggins,"Great roguelike with procedurally generated levels that feel like they've been hand designed and real time combat that can be both tactical and frantic. It's got an easy to use UI and a tutorial that shows you just how to do that, the game then lets you discover how you can interact with the world. Given the amount of stuff in Unexplored already and the frequent updates that add more it's well worth the money and would be a great starting point for anyone not sure if they're going to like games with permadeath. It's got complexity but it's also very accessible and fantastic to play."
76561198090004991,Recommended,506870,30131488,Posted: 23 February,all,Lonely Jester,IMPORTANT: If you get stuck it's probably because the game has a puzzle/maze aspect where not all depths have a way down but there will be be a way down in a previous depth. (branching/multiple staircases per level)good game moar content pls (not that it lacks it in the short term).
76561198031492881,Recommended,506870,30180479,Posted: 25 February,all,TwoTonGamer,"Excellent game! I am 7 hours in and about a dozen runs under my belt and I keep coming back. If you like Roguelites or want to try a more accessible one you won't be disappointed. Great artwork asthetic, superb random dungeon generation and an excellent balance of simplicity/complexity to the physics, combat mechanics and loot. I love that each run starts off casual and simple. I can have a 10 minute run with some bad luck and mistakes and maybe it is a doomed run. But some good luck or better play and the casual 10 minute run can turn into progress. Suddenly I'm invested in this character and gear and dungeon. Oh, TwoTon the third...You died just like the first and second (and fourth and the rest) but you got farther than all of them with that magic sword and ice wand. RIP, my friend."
76561198052859406,Recommended,506870,33799444,Posted: 25 July,all,Colonel Kitty,"If you enjoy games like Rogue, Brogue, Binding of Isaac, Nethack, Dungeon Crawn Stone Soup, and Tales of Maj'Eyal you'll really enjoy this gem of a game. The combat and movement is real-time and not turn based like some of the games I mentioned. It's both brutal and satisfying to play.I must say the random generation is done very well and each run has that unique feel that I loved from Binding of Isaac. There's a ton of content and no DLC to buy- certainly worth the $9.99 tag. If you see it on sale then it's a no brainer."
76561198127506572,Recommended,506870,34138948,Posted: 9 August,all,Myrmidon,"At first glance, I thought, ""Hm, kinda weird looking,"" but I got curious...-and WOW! It's been so long since I've found a game that captured my imagination like this one. I love it! So many details that Roguelike games have always been lacking! A GREAT stealth system! Whew, I thought maybe I just wasn't into games nayomre, but this one really delivers. Highly recommended!!"
,Recommended,506870,30186422,Posted: 25 February,all,Siege,"Very much a Rogue-like. That color potion you had last game that gave you extra HP? Might be an explosive potion this time, or it'll corrode your equipment perhaps. Some persistence is present in the unlockables, and your gold will carry over to the next playthrough. Weapon and armor choices are meaningful and fit a variety of playstyles. The character growth is entirely through enchantments and potions, so combat is something you can avoid without diminishing your capabilities later. The addition of some light puzzle elements and branching paths through the random dungeon full of monsters and traps mean you need to remain aware of your surroundings and the paths you've taken. Success is highly reliant on player skill and adaptiveness, the pace is less frenetic than Isaac or Gungeon, while remaining brisk. Overall very fun, though I've run into some crashes."
,Not Recommended,506870,31598019,Posted: 7 May,all,NNLocke,"TL;DR: A bit too casual in some respects, but at other times I feel like I should have read a guide. Note that most of the positive reviews show playtimes under 20 hours.NOTE: I have hundreds of hours in ToME and many other Roguelikes (including Rogue), so don't assume this is just another ""I DONT LIEK ROUGELIEKS"" review. Also, credit where it's due, the devs seem very active, which I respect.------Reminds me of Binding of Isaac meets Mines of Moria. I hated the control scheme of the former, loved the depth of the latter. Unfortunately, this particular recipe doesn't work for me.Control scheme aside (as this is more a personal dislike), I was surprised by how hard it was to die. Several health restoration options kept me bumbling along for much longer than I expected, and I don't really consider that a plus. To be fair, it may get harder further down.Very little in the way of explanation as to how anything works...alchemy tables and forges? No clue. Why do some doors stay blocked unless I wait for a while (at which point, despite my literally not moving, they open)? Perhaps I missed the visual or audio clues that would explain this, but I also wasn't really told to look for such things. Speaking of which...Puzzles? In a Roguelike? This would bother me less if I understood the rules the game was functioning under (hey I can push or pull this torch thing, but it's kind of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get it where I want...am I SUPPOSED to do that, or is it just here for flavor or... what?). Sometimes there are floaty lights...are they part of a puzzle, or just ambiance? What do these glowy gems do, and why are there sometimes indications of wind blowing in a certain direction? Is any of this relevant? Can I interact with it in some way? PLASE HALPS.I can see many people love it, and I'm certain I'll be downvoted, particularly since I only gave the game about an hour before walking away. There may indeed be a deeper game here, however, I was left feeling frustrated and wasn't impressed enough to go look up some guides (playing the tutorial didn't help much). It's only $10, so if it looks fun to you, jump right on in, however I'll stick with Roguelikes that are actually like Rogue (back to Caves of Qud I go!)"
,Recommended,506870,25549330,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,wiltyswirl,"As a gamer who has played a wide variety of games (mostly not on Steam), I am captivated by the gameplay and variety established by Unexplored's random generator. Although it is frustrating whenever there is no exit to a room or the floors keep repeating themselves, I know that these issues will be fixed with the help of bug reports as the game reaches its full potential.Unexplored may not be one of those high-end graphic games, but it thrills, excites, and terrifies me with every plunge into the Dungeon of Doom (especially since my strong imagination allows me to picture how things appear to my character and how the individual would feel).Definitely worth the $10 I spent and then some. My only regret is having such a busy life that I don't have more time to dedicate to the game."
,Recommended,506870,35485355,Posted: 4 October,all,rodnoron,"I grabbed Unexplored at random after hearing a synopsis from Austin Walker over on Waypoint radio months and months ago now. it sounded kinda clever and also, it was cheap. hundreds of hours later, i can easily say this has been one of the best entertainment purchases i've ever made in my life, and in a year as packed with all-star titles as 2017, it's easily in the top five releases of the year.It's hard to exactly think of how to arrange my thoughts on the game so i'll go through whatever comes to me. First and foremost this sets a new gold standard for procedural generation in games. Not roguelikes; absolutely anything, at all. the developer's concept of cyclical level generation does what no game before has -- creating a rich, varied, and complex play experience each and every game, with levels, puzzles and traps that feel hand-crafted.The game's ability to generate a holistic dungeon environment, implement backtracking and secrets in inteesting ways and create a consistend dungeon ecology from level to level creates a feeling of a hand-crafted dungeon delve on every playthrough (or nearly so). After more than 100 hours i'm still finding new surprises, getting caught off guard by unexpected situations and even seeing new bosses and items that i haven't encountered before.More than this, JD has created a dungeon environment with enough variation and cleverly-programmed interactions between elements and items that a very rare thing emerges; you begin to realize that just about anything that seems like it should work, does. As simple as it sounds, this is a profound concept, and all the more impressive that the game manages it with a seemingly simple, top-down hack and slash style of play. Simple controls, a light but satisfyingly chunky stat system and a low fantasy, low-magic sort of setting means finding a single bundle of arrows, a potion of poison gas, a staff of disarming, can all be momentous experiences, defining a playthrough or giving you the key you need to escape doom at a critical moment -- aided, again, by the level generator's cleverness.If you like roguelikes, zelda-style action adventures where your tools are your weapons, classical dungeon delves, or just want to see what should rightly be the new acceptable standard for random level generation -- grab Unexplored, give it a few runs, and watch it surprise you again and again."
,Recommended,506870,31286193,Posted: 21 April,all,LoLo,"A super-fun, super-solid Roguelike. And by roguelike, I mean ROGUELIKE.The game has all the elements of a PROPER roguelike, but is also very accessible at the same time.Tons of content, tons of replayability, steady difficulty curve.As a roguelike enthusiast, I recommend you get this game ASAP, it will scratch that juicy itch."
,Recommended,506870,31121487,Posted: 13 April,all,Teflonto,"Wonderful game. Plenty of others have already gone in depth on the mechanics, so I'll just say this: I've been looking for a rogue-like that fits two criteria for a LONG time - Ease of use and deep mechanics. This is the first rogue-like that I feel fulfills both of those, while also having a beautiful artstyle, great music and wonderful (WONDERFUL!) level generation."
,Recommended,506870,26372436,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mike,"A really enjoyable realtime roguelike, with some really nice dungeon generation, simple systems that make me feel clever, and lots of secrets and things to uncover. Enjoying this game so much, and it feels incredibly fully-featured already, given it's in Early Access."
76561198049686837,Recommended,506870,31851066,Posted: 19 May,all,victorio,"This is a really fun little dungeon crawler roguelike. I like the unlock system of achievements allowing you to buy new items at the start of a new run, and the seed system lets you try a certain layout that you like over and over until you get the hang of it. Definitely worth playing."
76561198041599115,Recommended,506870,33138170,Posted: 2 July,all,Twentyone17,"What an incredible dungeon generator.Don't be fooled by the art style. This game is a challenging, in-depth experience that adds substance and significance to every single run. It is so much more than a bunch of room pieces put together with some random enemies. Each dungeon is created in a way that transforms it into a cohesively structured chain of action, puzzles, quick reflexes and strategic intelligence. Rarely does anything feel out of place within the mini-story that each run writes through its gameplay. You'll likely find yourself wondering in amazement how some of these moments are not hand-crafted. It is simply (or not so simply) an effect of the dungeon generator, and the incredible work that was put into it.On top of this, the game has been updated on a quick and consistent basis since release, with a lot of significant new content that has already made the game so much better since its February release. There have been a few stumbles with bugs along the way, but most of the issues have been fixed already.It's a gem that will only get better with time, as it is expanded further. Highly recommended for those looking for a challenging roguelike with cool dungeons."
76561198078449343,Recommended,506870,24928198,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Skretum#,"-8/10-Pro:- Every dungeon is different- Good combat system- Not too easy, not too hard (Can choose between difficulties)- Many different weapontypes (You can wield 2 weapons of your choice, even 1 sword and 1 magic staff)- Worth the $10Con:- Sometimes you stuck at some stages (currently can't move on at dungeon level 19 because   most of the doors are barred or require a key)- Other minor bugs (Okay for an early-access)PS:English is not my native language, so sorry for my english. I hope this review helps a bit.Edit:- No more inventory bugs"
,Recommended,506870,33140659,Posted: 2 July,all,washaa,Great real-time dungeon crawler which throws amazing levels at you. It also gives you a large amount of options for most situations. I've had a blast so far and highly recommend it.
76561197970493276,Recommended,506870,31868652,Posted: 20 May,all,Skagzilla,"This is a really fun gem of a game: simple top-down roguelite with all the classic elements, engaging gameplay and music and some great support from the developers.Soundtrack is atmospheric, the artwork unique and yet simple and the levels have fun and funky twists, turns and puzzles.Worth it at twice the price."
76561198026484028,Recommended,506870,30112508,Posted: 22 February,all,Ganelon,"This game came as a complete surprise to me.  One of the better roguelikes/roguelites that I've ever played.  Seriously-- it's up there.  Controls are very intuitive.  Graphics are expressive, thematic, and unique.  Very fun game.  Heavily recommend!"
76561198048713897,Recommended,506870,30387095,Posted: 8 March,all,Simonbee10,"Unexplored is a fantastic game. It's random generator makes me think everytime that the levels are all hand made. I also really like the combat system. The way that you can deside to go rouge, full tank, mage or all at the same time. And that you do not only need luck but also skill and knowledge to take back the amulet of Yendor for the first time. I struggled with doing it for the first time, and now I succeed almost everytime. Furthermore I love how many different things are to explore I've played it a long time but I have yet to find all the different bosses that hide between the walls od the dungeon."
,Recommended,506870,32388383,Posted: 13 June,all,RetroGnome (Rootbeergnome),"I love this game. Unexplored takes Zelda style action, mixed with random treasure finds, random dungeon generation, and randomly generated puzzles to make something wonderful. I won't comment on if this is a roguelike/lite as I know the semantics of that get some people worked up. I will say it is very much influenced by that genre. Potions and scrolls are unidentified until used and there are altars to a few gods you can sacrifice items on for a boon. The dungeon generation in this game is astounding. The entire dungeon is generated so you can find clues to later floors in books/notes. The dungeon isn't linear either, some floors lead to multiple other floors on the same level. There can be more than one ""level 3"" depth dungeon for example.  Lots of little details in the environment, great layouts with puzzles to solve that seem to flow naturally from one to the other. The weapons and shields mechanics are really awesome, each weapon has its own little advantages and attack styles.Traps, monsters, magic, mayhem. If you like the genre or the gameplay style, try it and I think you will like it."
,Recommended,506870,30140643,Posted: 24 February,all,Hämärän matkamies,"Very nice and fresh take on roguelikes (more precisely roguelites) with somewhat -I dare say- simplistic and clear (and very unique) visual style.In this roguelite you're an young adventurer who is venturing into depths of menacing Dungeons of Doom in search of that one thing that countless generations of adventurers have searched since the days of the originalRogue;the fabled Amulet of Yendor.You control your character with either a keyboard and mouse or with a gamepad (in real time, no turn based stuff in here) and trod through various (and there's actually quite a different selection of those) dungeon levels while searching all kinds of loot which hopefully will make your life easier (unless it's cursed, of course) while at same time avoiding more or less succesfully devious traps and encountering all kinds of different denizens of the dungeon who wish to inflict all kinds of harm upon you.Dungeon of Doom consists multiple floors with occasional ”hub floor” where you can choose one of the multiple paths down. Remember though, that not all of these necessarily lead to the ”deeper dungeon” so you might have to backtrack. Besides monsters, traps and loot, there's also various (somewhat optional) puzzles for you to solve for different rewards; feature not usually present in roguelikes. And lots of books in which you will find the hints necessary to solve the said puzzles.Battles inUnexploredhappen (like everything else) in real time. After every attack and block your weapon/shield have a slight ”cooldown” period, when you can't use it; same is true for your enemies (at least the ones using traditional weapons...) and therefore battless actually require some manual dexterity because you have to keep on eye both your own and your enemy's cooldowns while trying to manouver so that pesky kobold can't block your next strike.InUnexploredyou don't level in a traditional way; killing monsters don't accumulate experience so you can't really grind levels. There is still means to get stronger in the game and this is required by many an equipment you will find during the game.And although the death is permanent inUnexplored,meaning that when you die, you have to create a new character, you can accomplish various deeds during the play and unlock more starting options (new character classes with different starting equipment and options to buy more stuff). You can also keep the gold that your previous character managed to accumulate.By the way; soundtrack is really cool too. Catchy, I'd say. As is fire.edit. some obvious typos"
76561198006140748,Recommended,506870,31374918,Posted: 26 April,all,Saulan,"Wow. What a pleasant surprise. Wonderful game. It's like I created it for myself. I love how everything feels just right. I played a lot of modern roguelike over the years but this game here is by far the best. It manages to capture the mood of discovery, danger and punishing combat but it flows very very well due in large part to the wonderful level generation and the combat mechanics."
,Recommended,506870,29171994,Posted: 10 January,all,radio_babylon,"unexplored is the very best of the recent crop of 'roguelikes'... i put that in quotes because most games that call themselves roguelike dont even pass for 'rogue-lite' but this one is the real deal. its true, it might not meet the strictest definition since it is real time and not turn-based, but this is a rare example of a roguelike that isnt, in my opinion, disqualified by it.unexplored feels very much like a graphical version of Brogue (and if youre a roguelike fan, this alone should be reason enough to insta-buy). it has a similarly pared-down set of mechanics, eschewing the complexity of more common roguelikes for a more streamlined experience that keeps things simple without sacrificing the strategic depth that keeps a roguelike interesting.there is no experience, no leveling. your character is developed through a combination of strength potions and equipment choices, again along the lines of brogue. strength allows you to use a wider variety of equipment, and equipment allows you to enhance the various attributes of your character through enchanting, forging, and lucky drops. each run will have its share of high-powered equipment, usually locked away behind some combination of puzzles and challenges, as well as a scattered mix of items with lesser enhancements, and this will largely determine how you go about approaching each run... one run you might get a lot of fire-resist gear that might lead you to hoard fire-starting potions and items with an eye towards burning out most of the monsters... another might find you with a lot of speed and stealth gear encouraging hit and run tactics. also, monsters can frequently use the same equipment you can, sometimes to great (or hilarious) effect.dungeon and level generation is where the game really shines, with a nice variety of layouts that sometimes require real thought or skill to navigate, as well as branching paths and multi-floor puzzles. in many ways the dungeon itself is the main adversary, and almost every run features at least one floor or set of floors that makes you just pull your hair and want to scream at the screen.  it is at times hard to believe the floors are randomly generated, since the generator does such a great job at really putting you in some sticky situations with some devious combinations of traps, layouts, switches, and the like... and does an especially good job of continually forcing you to make the risk vs reward decisions that are a core part of every good roguelike.unexplored is very hard, but for the most part very fair. when you die, its pretty much always your fault. you know that somewhere down the line you made a mistake that cost you the game. im pretty experienced with these kinds of games, and reasonably good at them, and i still havent managed to win a game yet (although i HAVE managed to get the magical macguffin at the buttom of the dungeon).in fairness, there ARE bugs, mostly with the level generation... for me, it often fails, usually forcing me to restart. this is frustrating, but the lead developer is super responsive with fixing these bugs and rolling out updates, so i am confident that in time these issues will all get worked out.bottom line, if youre a fan of the genre, this game is worth every penny, and i can recommend it without hesitation."
76561198141842617,Recommended,506870,29512648,Posted: 26 January,all,lenperez,"This game is a fantastic roguelite experience. One of the most impressive features is the randomization. It does a good job. A new and diverse adventure awaits with every playthrough.There's a lot of content and it's still in early access. Updates are frequent adding more content/bug fixing. This shows the devs really care about this game.Overall, Unexplored is a very fun game and if you like Roguelikes/Roguelites that offer innovative gameplay mechanics, you can't miss this one. Buy it now!"
76561198027869689,Recommended,506870,30171964,Posted: 25 February,all,Ellebo,"This is an incredible game. The best parts of this game are the very fluid motion, not turn based like other rogue likes in it's generation, and insane amount of randomness and everything that goes with it. The puzzles are random, the dungeon is random and of course the monsters are random. The daily dungeon and the weekly dungeon add a fun competative edge for those who like to add their own time challenge against other players.Incredible value for the quality of game!"
76561198013336701,Recommended,506870,30174097,Posted: 25 February,all,TinEater,"This is a fun game and a bargain at twice the price.  The controls (m&k) are intuitive and the oddball graphics grew on me quickly.  The random dungeon generation is the real star here; maps don't look random at all -- they remind me of dungeons I've seen in pencil & paper RPGs. Not sure how they pulled that off, but it's impressive.  If you enjoy Roguelikes, this is a no-brainer.Edit: The screen tearing fix below worked.  There is absolutely no reason to skip this game.  Thanks JD!"
,Recommended,506870,25231694,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sp0nska,"Unexplored takes the classic rogue-like gameplay and pushes it to perfection. The controls are simple and intuitive, the graphics are unique (not my style but they serve their purpose well), the music is fantastic and the gameplay itself is absolutely solid. The level generator is truly revolutionary and creates incredible results. Combat is fun, tactical and satisfying. The stealth mechanics are present although I rarely use them. Even though the game looks simple at first, there is alot of depth to it that makes it interesting and replayable.Overall Unexplored is a surprise hit and a total recommendation for all fans of rogue-lites/likes (whatever it is, I just don't care anymore)!"
76219385761328957,Recommended,506870,25055339,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,[RLOD]HaveAGreatDay,"At this moment the game is reasonably buggy, would still reccomend buying. Maybe wait a bit so you experience less bugs. Unless you're reading the review when most of these bugs are already gone.Edit: Loads of updates make the game a lot better so much more content and so much less buggyness."
76561197996339009,Recommended,506870,28820588,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Schuppentier,"Very good game so far!And its getting updates like twice a week, always with new Stuff and improvements. Its worth its pricee defently,"
76561198057219218,Recommended,506870,31610738,Posted: 7 May,all,PhilipKWeiner,"I'm really bad at Rogue-likes (Rogue-lites? Rogue-like, likes?), but I am addicted to them. Earlier this morning, after putting over 40 hours into Unexplored, I finally made it out of the dungeon with the Amulet of Yendor. It was super satisfying. This game has the best level generator I have ever encountered. While playing I died hundreds of time. That sounds frustrating, but it never was. Every death was fair. Every time I was killed I knew exactly went wrong. In fact if you explore properly you'll  always have a decent idea of what's coming next, allowing you to strategize before each battle. Strategy only goes so far though. You still have to win the fight. Hotkeys help a lot.The combat itself feels great. It took me awhile to get used to the way you swing your weapon, and how to properly use other equipment. Oh and I blew myself up while trying to brew potions without finding a recipe or testing out an unidentified staff more times than I can count. But it's all fair. I know the Cyclic Level Generator® or whatever it's called has been hyped quite a bit and for good reason. I remember reading an interview where the creator said he got the idea for it by watching his kids play in a friend or relatives house. Apparently their house had a layout where you could run around the ground floor in a circle. He saw how much more fun they had playing there than at his own home which lacked a circular layout. That's pretty brilliant. I grew up in a house like that, and I have a niece and nephew that are taking advantage of it now, so I understand how intuitive it is. And it's not just the layouts that are cyclic. The puzzles and clues follow a similar route. It's pretty amazing. My favorite game so far this year."
,Recommended,506870,33969981,Posted: 2 August,all,Old Dirty Goat (Robidarbideu),How can you not like this game if you like this genre?
76561198360000065,Recommended,506870,30594205,Posted: 18 March,all,Dr777Agon,"The first time I playedUnexplored, I said to myself “This game looks interesting, I will give it a try and finish it easily».Unfortunately, I was killed. In less than ten minutes.I try a second time and I end up with a similar result. In the third run, a door closed itself behind me and trapped me in a room without exit.After a lot of trials and error, I found a way to the last level of this cursed dungeon that welcomed me with more than thirty undead and gargoyles.When that fierce battle finally ends, it was only to discover that the final boss was rampaging in a room isolated from any other part of the map. A sacred area that was“without any doubt”completely impossible to get in or out.In summary,Unexploredisn’t a simple game where you could play in “semi-automatic” mode.You must constantly think of your surroundings and thinks of what couldpossiblyhappen in the next room or the lower levels.There is a myriad of different monster, boss, magic items that could completely change your exploration.There is not one single way to conquer the dungeon, you must find your own path.These elements and many others easily promoted unexplored as one of my favourite game that I could play over and over without any boredom."
76561198030421213,Recommended,506870,32769910,Posted: 25 June,all,lowdegger innit tho,The only roguelite I've played which is actually as fun as a roguelike.
76561197968572375,Recommended,506870,32463742,Posted: 15 June,all,Sigil of ...,"Probably the most fun I've had in a ""roguelike"" in over 20 years. :)"
76561198044788071,Recommended,506870,30288918,Posted: 2 March,all,Mojojojo,I don't normally bother to write reviews but I felt like I had to because I absolutely adore this game 5/5
76561198026983320,Recommended,506870,31908350,Posted: 22 May,all,dysillusioned,"I picked this game up because it was a cheap roguelike, I keep playing it because it's a great roguelike!Learning advanced game mechanics and strats are a must after you get a few levels down..."
,Recommended,506870,30399627,Posted: 8 March,all,Bandit King,GG. I play all the RL's and this is a good ARL.
76561198042281318,Recommended,506870,30788974,Posted: 28 March,all,Sairvell,"Unexplored creates interesting and varied procedurally generated dungeons to delve. Not only are these dungeons stocked with a variety of enemies, bosses and obstacles, but there are a great many puzzles, often with multiple solutions. Rarely have I played a game with so much random generation, but that still felt like it had been created by someone in a level editor. Many of the items you find, though they're drawn from loot tables, often feel like they've been hand placed because seemingly found loot is actually a tool for completing a puzzle. Most surprisingly to me was finding that many of these puzzles were spread over multiple levels.Though the graphics are bare bones polygons, there are a variety of environmental interactions, such as poisonous gas that can be burned off with a torch, or maybe simply explode and setting you on fire, along with vegetation, furniture and all sorts of other terrain with which to interact, offering many surprises.The sounds are rather disappointing, but functional. The soundtrack isn't bad, though at twenty hours I was done with it.The enemies, and most of the objects in the Dungeon of Doom, can be clicked on to bring up a description, often giving clues about them. Additionally, clicking on any object in your inventory pauses the game. Your inventory can be fully manipulated and your character re-kitted, all without missing a beat. The seeming twitch game play can be slowed down to allow for a full consideration of the situation, which I appreciated.I generally enjoyed combat, though much of melee is dependent on understanding the exact ranges of your weapons and how far they may make you move. It took a little while to get the hang of positioning (at least for me). Once I got into the swing of things, though, I found it generally responsive and rewarding.Unexplored also includes unlockable character classes, three difficulty levels, and options to add even more bosses and puzzles to the game, along with a daily dungeon and a weekly dungeon (with leaderboards for the competitive), adding replay value to the game.I did experience some glitches that dumped me out of the game.Also, there were moments that I found myself locked in a room, one that was described as a potential death trap by a clue I'd found. Upon using the escape mechanism that the procedural generation had left for me, I found myself in an even worse situation. Occasionally these unexpected events would spiral out of control, leaving me feel cheated. I expect in rogue-likes to die, but in the good ones there are (perhaps in hindsight) clear choices that I could have made for a better outcome. Sometimes the complicated puzzle and map generation of Unexplored would combine to spit out something that felt unfair.Those negatives are small compared with all the interesting scenarios that this budget priced dungeon crawler can spin, yielding hours of fun."
76561198077714390,Recommended,506870,33973989,Posted: 2 August,all,prime amoeba,"Superbly designed game, highly recommended. Apart from the unique level creation algorithm, it also has tons of interesting content and lots of variation, simple but fun combat system and a functional UI.The art direction can be off-putting at first, but grows on you. There's occasional bugs and oddities, which is understandable cosidering the complexity of the game. Speaking of which, Unexplored (and maybe Catacomb Kids, which you should also check out) is the only ""roguelite"" that manages to keep the complexity of real roguelikes."
76561198067639509,Recommended,506870,33616678,Posted: 17 July,all,Ascension,"Awesome game. It features a perfect combination of combat, puzzles and story. I loved how the creators force us to either figure things out or learn about things in books found around the dungeon. 10/10"
,Recommended,506870,31558097,Posted: 5 May,all,Numinar,"This thing is amazing.I wont lie, it's a little rough around the edges when it comes to the UI, but nothing I have played does what it does better.It's a a realtime rogue game, but the combat is actually fun and nuanced in an amazing way (Using range to target and timing like a 2d version of Chivalry). Procedural levels that are actually interesting and surprising every time, ones that loop back and around and reference different rooms within themselves and others in the dungeon in a consistant way not unlike a nes/snes era Zelda.I love Spelunky for it's razor sharp polish but for my money (very little of it compared to most titles) this game is THE procedural story generator to beat. I hope the bug fixes, polish and feature creep keeps going at the current rate so it can reach it's potential. Get it, write some feature/bug posts and help make it happen! I cannot imagine you regretting this purchase."
,Recommended,506870,24956886,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,GetFailed,"This Game is Awsome! But where I reached 1 Hours of playing it Crashed. xDI was so far.. but it was easy, next time Hard. :DSome bugs but they are not game-breaking and this Game is new so no wonder for me.I love Dungeon Games like this! :DI can recommend this Game! :D"
,Recommended,506870,30657569,Posted: 21 March,all,Snaith,"Really enjoying it so far. There are some bugs here and there but with a really active Dev I am confident the bugs will be resolved quickly.  The combat is interesting and reasonably nuanced, though swing weapons could still use a few tweaks. There is a great variety of enemies, puzzles and bosses throughout with a nice smattering of weapons and items.The more I play the game the more I am learning and the more I am enjoying it. There are lots of wonderful touches hidden throughout, even little things like subsequent characters runing  the dungeon having a new suffix (the fourth, the eighth etc.).The community is really active and engaged. If ever there has been the opportunity to positively influence something that you enjoy then this is it! The devs are always joining in the conversations on the forums and listening to thoughts and feedback making for a really iterative and naturally growing game.Genuinely, a solid, interesting Roguelike."
,Recommended,506870,30133964,Posted: 23 February,all,SolarFlar3,"(See EDIT 2)Pros:The best procedural generation I have ever seen in a game. Literally every pro in this game is related to this point. It's frankly incredible how each floor establishes its own identity and is able to connect with the other floors in the game. You will recieve clues in upper floors for how to solve puzzles in lower floors and vice versa. Accessing new areas sometimes requires items, and as you explore floors you will open shortcuts for ease of backtracking. The levels (fully generated game) oftenactuallydo feel like they were hand built. I want anyone reading this review to think about how crazy that is.Cons:In relation to combat, this game tries to be too many things and doesn't do any of them very well imo. It has stealth elements, but they feel tacked on and the enemy AI isn't smart enough to make stealth interesting. It has melee combat, but most of the weapons I've seen so far feel very samey. You can modify your weapons on an anvil to give them different kinds of buffs, but so far it doesn't change the way weapons feel and the feeling in all combat situations is that it's kind of unsatisfying. It has ranged weapons, but again, killing things doesn't feel satisfying. I can't say exactly what the problem is for me in this regard, but at least part of it is the poor sound design. If you play enter the gungeon, that game has great sound design. Shooting guns and killing guys feels so good, and this game doesn't capture that feeling. Also, scrolls and potions starting unidentified is a common thing in most roguelikes, but I hate that concept in every single one. You have to waste your first potion throwing it on an enemy to see what it does. Why is that necessary/fun?Final Verdict 6.8/10:This is another game where I wish steam had a neutral review button, but since it doesn't, I'm going to round up. The game is called Unexplored, so exploration is what its focus is supposed to be on, and exploration is undeniably really incredible because of the amazing level generator. Unfortunately, some of the underlying mechanics, especially in relation to combat, feel lacking and don't do the level generator justice. Ultimately I give it a thumbs up because exploring new areas and seeing what puzzles are there really is impressive enough that I am going to keep playing this game.edit: The more I play this game, the more I like it. 6.8 out of 10 is too low. Probably closer to an 8 for me now. The level generator blows my mind at least once every time I play. Never had the same kind of run more than once. So much variety and so well generated.EDIT 2: Still the more I play this game, I like it even more! The game is probably above a 9 for me now. The game doesn't showcase/demo well imo because of its unglamorous art, but it is so fun to explore and to outsmart the enemies. If you have never seen person of interest, there is a machine that keeps track of every person and can micromanage large schemes together even though it is a black box to its users and that's what makes the show interesting. The level generator in this game feels like that machine watching your every move and keeping the game fair for you until you do something irreparably stupid at which point it kills you and tells you to try again. The game isn't perfect but it is definitely worth more than $10 and the developer does content updates very regularly. The game is already so large that I'm not sure I ever actually see this new content."
76561198047418374,Recommended,506870,35260504,Posted: 28 September,all,mkcyborg,"This is a really fun take on the Roguelike genre. It's also notable for using cyclic generation techniques for creating the dungeon, making it feel more natural. There were a few crashing bugs when I played though, but hopefully those will get fixed soon."
,Recommended,506870,34982263,Posted: 15 September,all,dmauro,"I've only just started digging into this, but it's my new favorite Roguelike. It's actually pretty close to being my dream roguelike game. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,506870,26681406,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Adriaan,"Procedural at its best!!! Every game feels different, with loads of depth in combining weapons, scrolls, and postions. Bosses are often surprising. Loved putting in the hours so far and will continue playing for sure!"
76561198082984967,Recommended,506870,25122951,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,alexbrett13r,"I really love this game! The level generator is some next level stuff. It's hard to explain you will have to trust me. Yes there are still bugs and some crashes at random points witch kinda ruin things, but the developer is always on the forums and listening to the community. This game is going to become something special."
,Recommended,506870,30171840,Posted: 25 February,all,midnightShade29,"Amazing. Simply one of the best roguelikes I have ever played, and I have played a lot as it's one of my favorite genres. I can't belive how good this game is.  I didn't even know it existed until seeing it in steams new releases.The game has fluid realtime controls with pause options for tactics. Each time you play it's different and the dungeons are not cookie cutters.  There are legit puzzles, and hints in just playing. For example you could get a lot of ropes and the next level down you can't see an exit, except for a bottomless pit.... what to do.There is no leveling, instead you level skills by scrolls, potions, forging, weapons, gear, etc...  The design and depth are so great. This isn't a rougelite...it's a full fledged roguelike in the vein of a nethack etc...   Its up there with dungeon crawl stone soup...imo..."
76561198013715991,Recommended,506870,32216288,Posted: 6 June,all,taggen,"A neat dungeon crawler of a sorts, with good music and excellent replayability. As a run won't take very much time (at least as long as you're bad at the game, like me :) ), it's easy to sneak in a try every now and then."
,Recommended,506870,33249617,Posted: 4 July,all,SNIPER B.O.S.C.O!,"This game is really cool, it's got the difficulty and style of dungeon and world of a classic roguelike like nethack, but more modern real time gameplay and UI. The combat is simple but the timing and such means there is a lot of room to get good at it. There's also all sorts of interactions with different types of substances, like flammable gases and hot or cold liquids. It's also surprisingly addictive."
76561198048023922,Recommended,506870,30163025,Posted: 25 February,all,Eotorm,"One of the top 10 roguelikes i ever played. The dungeons are really well generated, the graphics are clear and cute, no need to learn 50 keyboard touchs to play, and still the game is hard and rewarding. Highly recomended. Probably will lack a bit variety for the levels after a while. I'd like more cool unlockables as well. Good job devs!"
76561198049760188,Recommended,506870,34086655,Posted: 7 August,all,untugendbold,"Dungeon crawling meets Binding of Isaac.Excellent game and a real bargain.Dont let the low price fool you! This is an astonishing title and you can, and most likely will, sink countless hours into it. After 23 hours i feel like i just scratched the surface.But fear not! The game is easy to learn (on low difficulty) and hard to master. I already had fun with this title after the first 5 minutes. You just dive into it. No steep learning curve here. If i do a good run or not, always feels like on a knifes edge. And when i fail i must usually blame myself: Too eager to fight, too greedy, too impatient, too curious, too slow...The dungeon generator is awesome and makes every run feel unique with different level layouts, rooms, monsters, traps, riddles, minibosses, endbosses. Every run gives me the thrill of ""What is coming next?!"". You can have fun with it if you got just half an hour. Or you can play easily 5 hours straight and wonder where time has gone...Give it a try. You will be able to get the feel of the game while using the 2 hours refund grace period. But i dont think you will drop this gem of a game after just two hours. And before you know it you got your moneys worth tenfold.And another thing. Indy developers that deliver so much content, are helpful on the forums, active with the community while handing out this lovable game at such a low price....They just deserve your support!No need to wait for a sale. Throw your money at them in - 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... NOW!"
76561197970724150,Recommended,506870,29075000,Posted: 6 January,all,tnoyce,"A really fun rogue-lite. I like the graphical style too.Gameplay is pretty solid, and the mechanics are straight forward. Randomized rooms in each dungeon, multiple floors. Some levels contain puzzles that must be solved. I have not found anything in the puzzle category that diminishes my admiration for this title.Dev is very active, releasing frequent updates, asking for and making changes based on community input.I have not regretted my decision to support this in EA, unlike some others I have tried.If you like rouge-likes/lites, I strongly urge you to check this one out."
76561198007963460,Recommended,506870,30171025,Posted: 25 February,all,Dire Llama,Fantastic game. Clever and inventive in a way that constantly has you thinking 'Why hasn't anyone done this sort of thing before?'
,Recommended,506870,30130939,Posted: 23 February,all,Hanz Ketchup,"This game has a lot of things going for it. An innovative new control scheme, menu navigation method, and combat system (they're all one in the same, really) that works, and works well. Pretty cute art, mechanics that will help new players like auto-looting and automatically quaffing potions of healing when necessary, and plenty of challenge for people used to roguelites. People also really seem to be into daily challenge runs for whatever reason, and this game has them, although there seems to be a bug where starting a daily run, finishing it, and then starting a new normal character will sometimes still cause the new character to be on the daily challenge. There is a setting for random seed versus use last seed, and I think use last seed gets selected when you play the daily/weekly challenge - make sure you're checking the option you want when you start a new game.I also want to point out that the dungeon generation is awesome! The environments are some of the most interesting and varied I've ever seen in a game like this. It does generate impossible circumstances more often than I'd like it to, though - I just recently got trapped in a room that was only opened by a pressure switch outside, with no way of getting out. The enchanting system is also great, a big improvement on some of the convoluted crafting systems of other games. The rarity of runes and the sometimes useful, always interesting effect they have on your equipment is lots of fun to play with.After an hour and a half of playing, though, the game began to pause and hang for two to four seconds at a time. It never caused me to die ""unfairly"" but was not fun at all to play with. You may also want to disable the fixed time step option if you're having screen tearing in spite of vsync being on, it helped me. Those two things, and the little quirk about seed selection, were the only problems I had with this game. People who are even fairly good at actual roguelikes will probably not get a whole lot of enjoyment out of this, but otherwise, if you're a fan of The Binding of Isaac, Enter the Gungeon, or similar real-time roguelites, this certainly deserves a place in your Steam catalogue."
,Recommended,506870,35117075,Posted: 21 September,all,Garbage Jesus,"This is probably the worst looking game I've ever enjoyed. The art and menu UI are pretty cheesy; If the main character was real I'd punch him in his stupid face. Beside the graphics, pretty much everything about this game is great. The 'cyclic level generation' works really well at creating fluid levels full of interesting, sometimes very complex puzzles. In-game text can get a bit repetitive, and the combat takes some getting used to so I usually stick to ranged stuff. It crashes every once and a while, but not annoyingly often. The steam sync on exit always takes a really long time for this game only, which is a little suspicious."
76561198071798927,Not Recommended,506870,33854939,Posted: 28 July,all,allthesmurfs,"I want to recommend this game, but the number of bugs that I've encountered during my playtime (some of which were game breaking) makes it fustrating to play, especially when I've invested a significant amount of time into a difficult run.  It's fun when the game crashes and on reload (big credit for the auto saving) I lose my all my map data or all the enemies on the floor respawn.  Though there's nothing better than loading a save file on the way back up to have a certain powerful late game enemy spawn on top of me, on the stairs, killing me instantly."
76561197995716425,Recommended,506870,31572310,Posted: 5 May,all,road to 3k :-(,"This game is absolutely amazing and underrated. I love roguelikes - I've clocked hundreds of hours on TOME, and recently got my first 4-rune win in DCSS - and this game absolutely scratches that itch. Every frustrating death is almost immediately followed up by the compulsive need to try again.Pros:+ Great value for money - hours and hours can be sunk into this+ In a related point, great replay value. Play-throughs will be defined by the stuff you find. Fireball staff? Mage run.+ Surprising depth in terms of item combinations - forging, as well as in terms of how potions and such interact with the terrainCon:- Probably to flavour, but I find it frustrating that so much of the game is deliberately made unknown (and there isn't much out there - trust me, I've googled). I love the game, but when you don't have unlimited time in a day it would be nice to know what's going to happen when you combine sigil x with weapon or item y, rather than have to experiment endlessly.- Some runs are terminated by horrific bad luck. In one, I walked out the starting door to find a plain of grass. Hidden in the center was a fire trap. The world immediately turned into a burning hell and I died. I have no problem with dying, but I would rather mistakes of such a minor kind - e.g. walking in the center of the room - not be punished by death.100% must-buy if you enjoy roguelikes. An interesting sidenote: after playing Unexplored for a while, going back to DCSS felt incredibly relaxing because it wasn't real time and I wasn't desperately mashing keys to equip daggers to throw at bosses or swap weapons in and out."
,Recommended,506870,31586315,Posted: 6 May,all,Macdoo,An excellent refinement of classic Roguelikes such as Brogue or Nethack. Improves on those ideas by making each run seem like a coherent adventure. All the levels are generated together and you will find doors that require keys or puzzles that require information gathered on other floors. The game is structured less like your standard linear dungeon crawl and more like a procedurally generated Metroidvania. Very fun!
76561198045781003,Recommended,506870,25443553,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,floosim,"Great game, if you have a bit imagination."
76561198302009972,Recommended,506870,31810537,Posted: 17 May,all,taroxus,"Great game, very addicting, good support from develop team too"
76561197995926611,Recommended,506870,31845093,Posted: 19 May,all,TheWiseMoose,"As a fan of roguelikes, this scratches the itch without becoming incredibly tedious to start over like ToME or DC:SS. Gold from one run carries over to the next, and achievements unlock new classes and equipment available for purchase with all that carried over gold (which does not carry over twice - so spend it!).Play style is simple but not shallow. The game is completely controlled with WASD + L/R-clicks, with about 1000 ways to pause the game/enter inventory. It does away with much of the tediousness found in turn-based roguelikes by giving you the option to throw/equip items while paused - so no menu delving to switch your loadout or use a scoll/potion. This also means you can change playstyle on the fly.Item selection is nice and interesting, though a few more variations and combinations especially in magic wouldn't be unwelcome. There is a bit that can be added in future updates that I would like to see, like a more fleshed out deity and crafting system. More variation in puzzles, and more secret/hard to reach rewards that require certain effects (like fire resistance, flight/levitation, etc) would also add much to the game I think.Overall, I've had a ton of fun and can really get into playing half a dozen runs in a row trying to get just that ONE MORE achievement. Solid 4/5 that is well worth the low price."
,Recommended,506870,31924582,Posted: 23 May,all,CoolRanchDust420,"9/10, I can tell I'm going to spend a lot of time with this. Works exactly as advertised.I'm going come right out and say that I'm a huge fan of the roguelike genre - that includes more modern concepts that just happen to feature permadeath and random level generation such as Spelunky, FTL, or Binding of Isaac, as well as more genre-faithful games like Brogue. Unexplored is much more like traditional roguelike titles; I have a lot of experience with Brogue and I find myself noting similarities almost constantly while playing. Having just now completed my first run back to the top with the amulet, I can say that this is an excellent title. For traditional roguelike fans it contains a lot of similar systems (with variety in spades), while for gamers who haven't been exposed to the genre it serves as a good introduction to these systems while having an approachable interface and a visually pleasing art style."
,Recommended,506870,30140652,Posted: 24 February,all,ian_badcoe,An excellent evolution of the Roguelike genre.  Truly interesting procedural dungeon generation and feature-rich enough to keep me coming back...
76561197977829915,Recommended,506870,30601368,Posted: 18 March,all,Lovecraft Scientist,"Ingenious level design hides under the hood of this unassuming dungeon crawler. At first, I barely gave this game a second look; it seemed like some sort of cyclopean furry fantasy. But the combat is exciting, resource conservation is in play, and every dungeon is truly different. Anyone who enjoys Isaac or Gungeon ought to give this a play."
76561197996895589,Recommended,506870,30283021,Posted: 2 March,all,Smilodon,Nethack nostalgia come to life in a modern shape.
76561198052494143,Recommended,506870,31451125,Posted: 29 April,all,r242,"Suffice to say it's not just another indie roguelike, in fact I think this game is underrated and people are passing on it due to nuanced graphics and the saturation of this genre.TLDR, someone was able to take the richness of a game like Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup and marry it with a real time combat system that's equally as satisfying and visceral to me as DOOM.Oh, and it has phenomenal dungeon generation.So I've now about 30 hours in this game and no regrets. Frequent updates, bug fixes and free DLC."
,Recommended,506870,32023357,Posted: 28 May,all,Glorgu,"This game does a ton of fun things with the rogue-lite formula. It's secret ingredient is how connected every level feels to the previous ones. Randomly generated bits of story and lore connect to future levels. Every run has this concrete feeling of place. It rules actually. Still need to put more time into the game, but if you're looking for a good rogue lite with an interesting world, you should check this out!"
,Recommended,506870,32486583,Posted: 16 June,all,3xander,"I've had a ton of fun with this game and I recommend it very highly. Even though it has been released, it continues to get updates, as well as a couple of nifty free DLC that change the gameplay and setting a bit. Definitely worth the 10 bucks.Also, it currently has something like 106 achievements, many of which unlock either different characters to play or more powerful items to purchase from the beginning store before entering the dungeon."
,Recommended,506870,31267622,Posted: 20 April,all,Cthulhu,"Absolutely awesome. If your a fan of oldschool Angband or TOME or DCSS, this is a straight up must have."
,Recommended,506870,32218487,Posted: 6 June,all,Aurochs,"I really like this game. Better than I expected I would. The level generation really is something. Each levels I've played has been unique with new and challenging puzzles for me to not understand and completely fail at. Also, I've burned to death multiple times. The feeling of exploration and the satisfying nature of combat make this game worth the purchase in my opinion."
76561197980988845,Recommended,506870,32343095,Posted: 11 June,all,Morbo,Surprisingly deep gameplay. Bug fixes and balance tweaks coming out very frequently.
,Recommended,506870,32918803,Posted: 28 June,all,Trollnado,"Really digging the randomness of it all.  If you're tired of the same old, give it a go.  You'll know well within the two hours if it's your cup of tea."
76561198037786766,Recommended,506870,32381137,Posted: 12 June,all,The Fast Buggy Rider,"This game suprises me with its depth (heh heh). At first I thought it would just be a walk in the park like many other games that call themselves roguelikes, but I kept dying and I knew it was my fault every time for being impatient/cocky. Levels geniunely feel different every time, while the earlier depths usually are inhabited by kobolds, rats and bats, you can definitely encounter bigger enemies (especially on Hard difficulty) and nasty surprises."
76561197988041420,Recommended,506870,31962286,Posted: 25 May,all,Saturnation,"New Review:I've found that the crashes are due to using the mouse to drag items out of my inventory. Once I stopped using the mouse and used the controller for this the game stopped crashing and my enjoyment levels went way up. So, I've changed my recommendation from NO to YES. As long as you don't use the mouse it doesn't crash. And I'm pretty sure that this will be fixed in the very new future.And I find I love this game even more. It's a nice lite real time rogue experience.Original Reivew:I love this game. The mechanics and the game play are awesome. So it really hurts when I have to NOT recommend this game. It crashes regularly after 1-2 hours of play and I actually need to exit Steam before it will work properly. I'll probably keep playing it for as long as I can tolerate the game hanging regularly, but if I'd known just how bad it was before I bought it I wouldn't have. Hence the recommendation."
76561198211912976,Recommended,506870,30321874,Posted: 4 March,all,tomandpug123,A magnificent rogue-lite! A must-have for all fans of the genre!
76561198031235616,Recommended,506870,26334462,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,kibop,A rogue-like game with perma-death and procedurly generated dungeons. The game is top down and has many rpg aspects. I think the thing that makes this game unique is the exploration and puzzle aspects. It IS still hack and slash with multiple weapons though. I recommend it 8/10
76561198050290421,Recommended,506870,34567760,Posted: 28 August,all,Neanderthales,"Unexplored is a dungeon delver roguelike. It is centered in extensive exploration and harsh combats with a great variety of mobs to fight. It is pleasant, with great replayability and amazing depth.Pros:+Small decision you make affects your overall outcome.+Achievement unlock possibilities for starts.+Classes to add a little more flavor and make it even more awesome.+The game is updated frequently.+Pause button to take decisions and change equipment+Great dungeon generation+Grabbing and sneak options+Humanoids also picks stuff from ground to use against you+Replay levels by using their seedsNeutral:=Simple to play, hard to master.=Fights are not beneficial, there is no xp, only loot from what mobs are wearing.=Harsh scaling, the deeper you got the less powerful you feel, even with a ton of magic items.=Undead really don't die.Cons:-Clunky Graphics-A few bugs, sometimes you need to use the pray for help button-Dumb AI, remembering skyrim's famous guards that forget you were there-Some actions are too clouded, like grabbing, stealing and crafting."
76561198065679352,Recommended,506870,31672594,Posted: 10 May,all,The Gentleman,"I'm usually too lazy to write reviews, but here I have to make an exception for an excellent game that went largely unnoticed, and that I almost missed despite thourougly scavenging the store on a regular basis. I very rarely play more than 10 or 20 hours to the same game, and I think it's actually the first time I spend about 50 hours on a 10 euros game.No griding, very easy to play, various environnements, puzzles, ennemies and magical gear, awesome procedural generation that manages to include backtracking, coherent puzzles and hints... Never repetitive, free dlc... Even though a run difficulty can be a bit random, and often quite difficult, it's the good kind of difficulty. The one where you feel any run is doable, and where your (frequent) death will (almsot) always be due to a bad calls pile-up.The game does has some bugs and crashes however. But the overall awesomeness of the game largely outweighs that."
76561197975137358,Recommended,506870,34199775,Posted: 12 August,all,CropCircle,"My favourite rogue-like at the moment.  All the old school elements are there but in addition you get modern day enhancements that greatly enhance the experience.  Persistence, patience, and learning from your mistakes is key to success.. Simply Awesome!"
76561198256303007,Recommended,506870,31135461,Posted: 14 April,all,ThePaingouin,Really fantastic game! Devs is active and listening to the community!I will open my wallet without hesitation for futur expansion and content!!!
,Recommended,506870,32181152,Posted: 4 June,all,cadillacace,"Great game, developer is very active in community and has been patching the game religiously. Great job, Guys!"
,Recommended,506870,30983363,Posted: 6 April,all,Thew,"I don't normally take the time to write reviews, but this is an absolutely fantastic game!  I'm genuinely impressed.The art style initially prevented me from buying it.  The game kind of looks like some pay-to-win mobile port, but it is NOT!  There's an incredible amount of depth and complexity here.The game had a lot of issues with bugs, but the majority of the severe stuff has been fixed.  The devs are very active and are dedicated to this project.  They release bug fixes and content updates regularly.PROSVery interesting and varied level generation.Challenging real-time combat.  Certain enemies require wildly different strategies.Simple, but surprisingly effective GUI.Difficulty selection and level generation options help make the game more accessible.A MASSIVE number of enemy types and bosses.CONSStill somewhat buggyCertain sound effects can be grating.While rare, it is possible to get stuck. (though sometimes people think they're stuck and there's actually a secret door or other means of escape)Make no mistake, this is a real roguelike.  It may not be turn based, but it stays true to the roots of the genre.  If this sounds like something you would enjoy, then buy it now!  You won't be disappointed!"
76561198002359484,Recommended,506870,30236358,Posted: 28 February,all,Boontje,"Unexplored is an awesome game!I really like the fact that it make you think, something that most games these days don't even try.You just can't run into every room and expect your armor and weapons to save you :)And please don't judge it on looks only, because you will miss out on what might be one of the best games you've played in a long time."
,Recommended,506870,30527649,Posted: 15 March,all,GoldenWalrus999,This game is fantastic. It's similar to the Binding of Isaac. I highly recommend it.
76561197980308277,Recommended,506870,30214762,Posted: 26 February,all,borealis,"Excellent action roguelike.  Very reminiscent of Nethack/Brogue in atmosphere.  The gameplay mechanics are very smooth as are the controls, and the whole thing feels like a labor of love from folks that love the old roguelikes.On the plus side:  Very cool stealth mechanic.  Smooth controls.  Excellent use of terrain/traps/objects in strategy for defeating harder monsters.  Variety of monsters is great, often requiring very different strategies.  Good crafting/enhancement system).  Different level styles (water level, lava level, level filled with razor sharp walls that you have to be careful not to touch).  Some interesting level puzzles to get to special treasure.  Variable difficulties.There are some minor glitches:  I've had a couple of crashes, notably when using scrolls of descent (this review is 2017-02-27, I have high hopes this will be fixed in the future).  There are a few places where you can get locked into a room with no way to escape (some doors have timed locks and if you don't have a teleport/descent scroll you're stuck there forever) which while possibly realistic isn't much fun.  Sometimes the vendors aren't close enough to the windows of their store to ever see you and respond to you.Overall, absolutely well worth the price.  I've already spent more hours on this than many games I've paid twice as much for."
76561197970257956,Recommended,506870,30214233,Posted: 26 February,all,Sterno,"Feels crunchier than something like Dungeons of Dredmore but not as hardcore as TOME, Nethack, Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup, etc.Very nicely presented and fun to play. Had a few crashes but the behind-the-scenes autosave meant I was back up and running a second later and only lost a minute or so of progress.I've seen some other reviews say that the dungeons sometimes seem to deadend and it's impossible to progress, and while it's entirely possible there could be a bug, I haven't run into that issue and I've now beaten the game twice. There definitely was some outside-the-box thinking required a few times (like a door I couldn't figure out how to open, so I used a Descend scroll to skip past it to the next level, then a teleport scroll to get around it on the way back up) and another time I thought for sure the game was bugged until I fully explored some other levels and found a grappling hook AND carefully read the description and figured out it could be used to grapple across short gaps). I later realized crafting a levitation potion probably would have been a solution, too. Definitely, though, if you don't want to have to think, this might not be the game for you."
,Recommended,506870,30105202,Posted: 22 February,all,rt.tn,"I'm writing this because steam made me, I really just wanted to wholeheartedly recommend the game. It's fun and the way the levels are generated is awesome. The only thing I wish it had was couch co-op."
76561197960358511,Recommended,506870,31782783,Posted: 16 May,all,mnt_Doom,This game is like a case study on good design. It's just fun as hell. Buy it.
76561197970498495,Recommended,506870,30181423,Posted: 25 February,all,Andy,"A very fun game.  It's obvious the creator took a lot of inspiration from Brogue (not a bad thing).  However, combat is in realtime which is a big differentiator."
,Recommended,506870,30161393,Posted: 25 February,all,n37runn3r,Great rogue game. Really captures the feel of the of Nethack and Moria games.
76561197970625686,Recommended,506870,30158048,Posted: 24 February,all,IdleMind,"Freaking fantastic!  He's not kidding, the best randomly designed dungeons evah.  The inspiration from Brogue is obvious, with the lack of experince points, potions of strength and life, and stealth mechanics."
76561197975912077,Recommended,506870,31021969,Posted: 8 April,all,Vicarious,"SCORE9 / 10TLDRDon’t let the modest graphics and simple UI fool you.  Unexplored has depth! Incredibly intuitive controls and mechanics that will leave you pleasantly surprised every time you play.  It has quickly become my favorite rogue-like game in 2017.POSITIVESThe dungeons are brilliant, to put it simply.  Most of all because they don’t actually feel like they were put together randomly.  I couldn’t believe some of the awesome puzzles I’ve run into in only the first 4 hours.Function over form.  Unexplored makes it simple to manage your inventory, hot-swap items, pick locks, disarm traps, ingest random liquids you found in a strange place, go blind, fall off the side and down 2 levels..No I’m not kidding, I’m also not upset it was awesomeA pause button no matter what! I know it sounds strange, but I’m sick of game developers leaving out a pause button because god forbid you need to get the door, or check on your kids, or..  take that customer off hold… I’m not judging, and neither are they.Truly one of the best ""Procedural"" dungeon run systems that I've had the joy of playing, and I have played a lot of them.Twice now, on one of my forum posts, the actual developer has responded.  They truly care about this game, and it shows in the final product.  They aren't out to make a quick buck and then move on to the next game.  They constantly tweak and fix bugs, add new FREE content, and actually listen to their players.NEGATIVESYou ""bounce back"" ever so slightly when you run into barrels and treasure chests... it can get a little frustratingI experienced an infrequent but annoying micro stutter when I first started playing, but it was something I easily fixed straight from the games options menu.Date Reviewed5/12//2017PLAYTIME23 HrsMore Game Reviews"
76561197996823324,Recommended,506870,30126240,Posted: 23 February,all,Twotricks,"Finally actual Rogue game with all old school complexity, but with modern gameplay and interface!The game itself is heavily based on Brogue( best Rogue game at the moment in my oppinion )However it adds one of the best dungeon generation algoritms i seen so far.- The combat is action based, tactical, but not overly hard.- The focus is on exploration and puzzle solving.- The world is as interactive as you would see in old school roguelikes, and everything intereacts.In one word, if you like Roguelike games, this is probably one of the best to come out in many years. Must buy :)"
,Recommended,506870,30454602,Posted: 11 March,all,opeless,If you have an interest in rogueikes stop reading these reviews and grab a copy of this well made little game.Thank me later by leaving a thumbs-up!
76561198099457217,Recommended,506870,31508374,Posted: 2 May,all,Boomaye,"UPS:-very enjoyable rogue-like game-easy to learn / hard to master-dedicated team of developers-good achievments system (which i believe will be extended in the future)-high replayability-difficulty settings-dungeon is like a tree root which adds content but not in a random (this is not the castle where the princess is) way, every path has most likely a purpose but does not need to be completedDOWNS:-rough start for every game but easy endgame content. Examples: 1- never died on a run after i got my character a couple of str potions and some 4 life potions. 2 - final boss is always very easily killed (5-15 arrows and its dead). 3 - SPOILER ALERT- dude that persues you in order to make running back tougher can always easily be killed with fire and a bit of patience. 4 hero gets overpowered easily and does not need to even do the item runs on optional paths cause it becomes easily more of the same-game mechanics are hard to understand and there is not a complete guide anywhere (sigil system, what is the shovel used for, what is that about receiving a curse after picking up an item on a chest with no warning, how do altars work...). you can read foruns or pay for a pub talk for tips, but although nethack's learn by dying is cool, sometimes it's just a pain in the buttocks.overall i rate it a 8/10. it is highly recomended for people who like a challenge, but expect to become too familiar on how to win soon after a couple of runs"
,Recommended,506870,31947938,Posted: 25 May,all,Jan Michael Vincent,+ Strong combat+ Great Dungeon GenerationHighly recommended
76561198041600175,Recommended,506870,30952989,Posted: 4 April,all,soulfreshner,"This game has everything I love about roguelikes and nothing I don't. As hyped as the level generation is, no simple review could do it justice. It is simply amazing how a random dungeon could feel so planned.A lot of thought must have been put into the simple graphics. Not only is the art style very nice, it's functional as well. It is so refreshing  to see crisp vector based images instead of the over done 'retro' pixel graphics where each pixel looks like a post-it on my 30"" screen.This is the future of roguelikes. Before Unexplored I would have thought it impossible to have a simple UI for a roguelike and keep the underlying complexity of the genre, but this game does it beautifully.At this price, you can do no better."
,Recommended,506870,30970132,Posted: 5 April,all,Yeoman,"I'll try to make this short, because my feelings on this game are simple.First of all, I've said it once and I'll say it again, it warms my heart that the developers called this a roguelite, and not a roguelike.The game plays like a real-time Brogue. That's great. I love it.I've played 16 hours, and have only beat it once, on challenging (the middle difficulty). Replayability seems to be pretty high, but I suppose only time will tell.The dungeon generation is really clever, and the basic gameplay is fun.Also the developers update the game a lot, and listen to feedback. Just be careful if you plan on let's playing it, because they will watch it, and when you start doing well, they'll nerf bows.Basically, it's a good time. I'd say give it a shot, if you're into this kinda thing.But a picture is worth a thousand words, as they say. So I've got some gameplay footage for you, if you like. Watch one of the latest videos, if you're just looking to see what the game is like in its current state.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLcsBnp6zp_Jd6eTEP0Z6WSeRtRZyTo4TS"
76561197974529541,Recommended,506870,31013404,Posted: 8 April,all,KriKitBoNeZ,"Short and sweet review.  Utterly delightful dungeon explorer rogue like sort of game with simple, but wonderful aesthetics.The Dev is active in the forums and takes suggestions that they implement, which is superb.  The whole community for the game is incredibly positive and helpful."
,Recommended,506870,30151723,Posted: 24 February,all,Mard,I'm having a blast so far with this game.  The real time combat addition to the classic roguelite is actually really refreshing (and arcadey in a good way).
76561198093528914,Recommended,506870,30177415,Posted: 25 February,all,TFW250IQ,Best roguelite i've played.
76561198041604754,Recommended,506870,30169171,Posted: 25 February,all,matt,"Does an excellent job of making dungeons feel handcrafted.I thought I was stuck, but it turned out I had to use an item on one floor to retrieve a grappling hook from another floor, which would let me reach an area on a third floor, to proceed! Great stuff. (Also I now have a grappling hook to swing across chasms, and pull enemies to me so I can stab em"
,Recommended,506870,31653408,Posted: 9 May,all,Cubittus,Great rougelike.  Very fun to play.  Great music too!
,Not Recommended,506870,32945958,Posted: 28 June,all,MoKang,"I would love to give this game a positive review. It does a lot of things really nicely and the dungeon generator is bar none. However, I can not overlook the drop in frame rates after the game has been running for 20-30 minutes. Basically you need to quit out of the game and re open it or the game will become increasingly choppy until an eventual and inevitable crash. This is extremely frusturating and completely destroys the immersion of the game, until this is addressed and fixed I vote NO."
,Not Recommended,506870,31886431,Posted: 21 May,all,D3muska,"I like the mechanics and the basic idea but at least on my PC, the game keeps crashing constantly. Don't know how common that is but based on my experience, I don't recommend until the crashing issue has been solved."
,Recommended,506870,30969585,Posted: 5 April,all,Gaviteros,"This game is really incredible.Without going into too much detail, the way the multiple levels of the dungeon crawl are interconnected, is absolutely fantastic.Never in a prodcedural game have I ever felt the level design feel so crafted."
76561197970339445,Recommended,506870,30484340,Posted: 12 March,all,++,"Very nice rogue-like dungeon crawler game. The dungeon generation algorithms are indeed quite good. I played it through only once, but the replayability is there if you are in these kind of games. Definitely worth a try for only $10."
76561198019427066,Recommended,506870,30597056,Posted: 18 March,all,mekarena,hours of fun in this game
,Recommended,506870,30607091,Posted: 18 March,all,db48x,"An excellent, unique take on the dungeon crawler/rougelike. I finally managed to beat it! Now I'll have to see about the harder difficulty levels..."
76561198052292446,Recommended,506870,30777037,Posted: 27 March,all,Sydgurth,I'm glad i bought this. Its fun.
76561198007271893,Recommended,506870,31569293,Posted: 5 May,all,Yellowjacket,It's really fun/simple
76561198007562457,Recommended,506870,30439445,Posted: 10 March,all,Jaol,Fantastic Rogue-like. Hard but fair.
76561198054127163,Not Recommended,506870,35475850,Posted: 4 October,all,Mizeravel,"Crashes constanly, Dungeons are weird (and often bugged), visuals/art style is terrible.You often find yourself locked in a room with higher level monsters you can't escape, loosing all your progress."
,Recommended,506870,31887017,Posted: 21 May,all,sammidavisjr,It's like they designed it for me.
,Not Recommended,506870,32034273,Posted: 28 May,all,Encourage,"This game has all the moving parts of a cool action roguelike; although the game you're hoping for is here, its hidden behind a buggy, frustrating mess.The game will stutter, slow down, and eventually freeze, even on an extremely high-end system. It stopped responding three times in about half an hour of play.Worse, the map generator will create dead ends, which is super annoying in this type of game, because it takes a while to actually be sure your can't progress because the map is broken and not just because you're missing something clever.Too bad they didn't leave it in early access for a couple years stop us from complaining about that kind of thing; amateur move, really."
,Recommended,506870,33088873,Posted: 1 July,all,Re;,"going to a randoom room.killing the monsters and doing stuff in the room.want to exit the room but see i got locked in.search for the keys, find just more bees;pray to the gods for 5 minutes.the gods ignored my prays.i curse the gods and a second later,the game freezed and then everything goes black.uninstalling while hoping the gods wont freeze my pc.asking the steam gods for a refund."
76561197984679514,Not Recommended,506870,32192761,Posted: 4 June,all,OatmealDefender,"Looks like a clever real time adaptation of brogue with a neat level generator.  I liked the basic idea for the mechanics.  Unfortunately, the game lagged like crazy for me near the bees enemies, and then appeared to try to get an update or something in the middle and crashed.  For me, it didn't seem quite ready performance wise.  I may try it in a year to see if it got any better."
76561197969362398,Not Recommended,506870,33013417,Posted: 29 June,all,Slurp,"You just walk around trying to find the key or switch to open doors.  If you can't find a way to open the door, then the game becomes very boring, very quickly.  Then, once you finally stumble your way into finding a way in -- the door closes behind you, and the room becomes an instant death trap.There is also this dumb game mechanic where potions and scrolls are not identified, so you need to use them to learn how to identify future scrolls/potions of that type.  Once again, you're just sort of stumbling your way through the game.I really wanted to like this game, but it just doesn't come together very well."
76561197996530501,Not Recommended,506870,31821832,Posted: 18 May,all,phlipy,"No Controller-Support - developer is working on it but still no solution:To cut a long story short: It may be a good game, but  the game does not support standard gamepad-controller (e. g. Logitech).If you publish a controller-based game please ensure that standard-controllers are supported."
,Not Recommended,506870,31863506,Posted: 20 May,all,Engine Nine,"I don't like to write bad reviews for games that aren't broken, but I am kind of baffled how this game has such good reviews so I felt like it needed some balanced perspective.So many things about this game just feel ""off"".  The controls feel like they were made by somebody who has never played a game before. The combat is simplistic and just bad. The gamepad setup is terrible.  Who would hit a trigger to open the map?On my first run my second level ended with 3 barred doors that I couldn't go through so I couldn't proceed.  Maybe there was some way to open them, but I couldn't find it and the obtuse game sure as hell wasn't helping.There was literally nothing fun about this game so I can't really recommend it."
,Not Recommended,506870,30128342,Posted: 23 February,all,junk,"Found the controls to be hugely irritating and the random levels seemed to often leave me in situations where there was no way to progress (e.g. all doors locked, dead ends etc) except suicide.  Not much fun.  Sorry."
76561198030515111,Recommended,506870,30411068,Posted: 9 March,all,Johnny 5,"Easy recommendation, especially good value for $10.If you like rogue-likes, this game is not to be missed."
76561197960988751,Recommended,506870,30432379,Posted: 10 March,all,Jarmustard,Extremely fun and challenging game.  This is the first non-traditional roguelike that I've played which truly captures the dungeon crawling feel of the ascii greats.  Highly recommended.
76561197963125189,Recommended,506870,30431298,Posted: 10 March,all,-BLiND-,Incredible Rogue-like with very high replayablity. The develooper replied instantly to a bug and worked with me to try to solve it. Show this game some love its only going to get better.
,Recommended,506870,30476677,Posted: 12 March,all,bidji,"Do not dismiss this game for its simplistic aesthetics. Unexplored is a rather classical approach to the rogue-like genre, that happens to be bundled with one of the best seed based dungeon generators I've seen. Heck, it's probably better than Daggerfall's. *cough*Joke aside, it's really good. It will generate huge-ish, interconnected levels, with interesting puzzles, and after 30+ hours spent in it, I've never found a level that wasn't solvable. I've encountered a few bugs, but that was a couple of releases ago and the devs seem to have committed to update the game regularly.The loot is great and can be plentiful depending on the seed, and while there is no character leveling per-se, there is character progression by the way of potions and magical items. So that's good. There are several character classes to choose from, although you'll have to unlock them by performing diverse feats during gameplay.The graphics, while not exactly breath-taking gorgeous, serve their purpose efficiently in that  everything is clearly presented and you'll have no problem identifying an enemy, a trap or a piece of treasure. The sound design is of the same vein, with a special mention for the musics, which manage to support the ambiance, building the tension when there's danger around, slowing down when you're in a peaceful place, all the while sounding pretty good, in my opinion. I get tired of in game music really easilly in most games, and after 30 hours, I still haven't turned them off. That must mean something, however subjective music tastes are.But I digress... game is great, definitely has more to it than meets the eye, especially at $10/10euros. I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,506870,30661732,Posted: 21 March,all,King Kasai,Fantastic rogue-lite with more hardcore RL sensibilities. Highly reccomended for RL fans.
,Recommended,506870,30571135,Posted: 17 March,all,Blight of Eden,"A surprising challenge that doesn't take the fun out of the adventure. This game handles difficulty in an interesting way; there are simple enemies that are nothing in the light or as one, but add a dark dungeon which prohibits the use of a shield or a second weapon in favor of a torch and all of a sudden it becomes much more exciting and spookier.Downsides to this game being the overall look to it isn't quite my style, but thats just subjective; i'll try a more objective approach. using the mouse to aim the character can be quite... unintuitive, and sometimes quite annoying because it can be so innacurate. Perhaps controller support would be a good way to go?Overall this game is quite fun and I honestly cannot wait to see future updates. it gets an 8/10 from me. not that that means anything to any of you. Just get it and try it for yourself, what the hell are you asking me for?"
76561197995959605,Recommended,506870,30481599,Posted: 12 March,all,Nick Vascuas,Pretty good roguelike. It is also pretty unique with its real-time combat and focus on gear over leveling. If you are a fan of classic roguelikes like NetHack or ADOM or even ToME you will most likely enjoy this.
,Recommended,506870,30700110,Posted: 24 March,all,Omar Slim,"Fun, interesting game.  The random level design is one of the best I've seen and the option to retry the same dungeon after a failed run is a nice touch.Highly recommend if you want a different kind of rogue-like."
76561198134685534,Recommended,506870,30699503,Posted: 23 March,all,michael_jason2014,"GREAT game, easy to play easy to die... maybe could use a little more long term player bonus beyond achivements (as when you die it is game over!!!)"
,Recommended,506870,30856252,Posted: 31 March,all,RobbenDuMarsch,"Unexplored is an amazing roguelite (with real time gameplay). Gameplay is similar to the renown Nethack, but with simplified UI, and fun-arcadey style combat that doesn't feel shallow. Although the game is easy to pick up and learn, the depth of gameplay is very real. The procedural generation is amazing, and the world feels unique but avoids being bland.10/10, easily the best Roguelite I've ever played."
76561198028143624,Recommended,506870,30935602,Posted: 3 April,all,ANGVIL,"This game is soooooo awesome, there is a lot of fresh ideas that makes you want to come back and exploreI have done more than fifty dungeons and still find new things in every single run"
,Recommended,506870,30935205,Posted: 3 April,all,Spear Deer,"So I'm one of those people who scoffs at the term roguelite. I love roguelikes, but the mass ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ization of them from the past few years has been sometimes difficult to watch. I got tired of bullethell dungeon crawlers calling themselves roguelikes, and I got tired of action-rpgs calling themselves roguelikes. I didn't think that roguelike and turnbased were mutually exclusive, but not title had really proved me wrong.Except unexplored. This game is a real roguelike. Its tough, and deep, and fair, and fun, and exciting, and brilliant. Only now after 15 hours, writing this review do I understand the brilliance in the name even. Being a roguelike the dungeon is, of course, perpetually unexplored, but I like to think that the title is referring to the game itself. For you, the new consumer, this game is unexplored. It has so many treasures and secrets and brilliant discoveries and exciting bits and pieces to experience. So go explore it.I heartily recommend this game.That being said, be patient with it. It just launched a couple weeks ago, and its obvious from the incredible depth of the game that it is a painfully complex engine. It has its share of bugs, and technical problems. They're being quickly untangled by the small development team, and hotfixes, patches, and balance changes are rolling out quite often, but expect to crash a couple of times, and fall down a few chasms into unexitable rooms."
76561198305750820,Recommended,506870,31070282,Posted: 10 April,all,Flynn,"Unexplored has completely captured my interest.  Still very much trying to learn all of its systems and secrets while exploring the Dungeon of Doom.  The dungeon generation is fantastic, combat mechanics are fluid and the puzzles and bosses offer unique challanges.  Currently recommending to everyone I know.  Do yourself a favor and check this game out!"
76561197970755243,Recommended,506870,30239747,Posted: 28 February,all,Mr W,Very good roguelike with some action and puzzle elements.  The roguelike portions remind me of the original rogue and brogue.
76561197960287598,Recommended,506870,30248409,Posted: 28 February,all,fimbulwinter,"I picked this up after the RPS article, and I've played hours of it since. It's addictive.It's fairly simple, but there's not a lot of walkthrough and I've gained most of my understanding of the game through playing. That's made it extra enjoyable when a new feature or aspect is revealed in a new playthrough, and I can't say enough nice things about how complex this game is. The dungeons are fabulous, the enemies are great. And I look forward to new content from the developer."
76561198006091500,Recommended,506870,32213824,Posted: 5 June,all,kaickul,"I have to give this game a positive review. This is really an incredible roguelite. Dungeons created by the game are so much fun to play and there is so much variety in enemies, bosses and traps. It has even difficulty options so if you are intimidated by rougelites, you can switch the casual mode and easier time learning the game. It is also very clean looking and has its own charm. My only concern is that nobody will notice it. It needs to advetized more, possibly on twitch and youtube. I know no reason why this cant stand up to classics like Spelunky or Binding of Isaac.Oh btw not like rougelites are too expensive in general but the game is also dirt cheap."
76561198060527161,Recommended,506870,32486742,Posted: 16 June,all,Sir Slush,"I'm going to keep this short.At the time of this writing, there are still lots of bugs being worked out and new content being added. It feels a lot more ""early access"" than ""full release,"" but that's partly because the devs are so involved with the community and fixes, patches and new content are coming out so quickly.Even at the present stage with the bugs though, Unexplored is easily worth the $10 price tag. Depending on how many times you die, you'll probably see about 50% of the current content by your first win, 60% by your second, and 90% by your tenth. If you don't die at all, expect maybe 20% on your first run. Don't ask me how long it takes to see everything; I haven't gotten there yet. But even after you stop discovering new things (or at least when the discoveries slow down), the game is just fun to play, and the fact that it's still getting better is just icing on the cake. That's what matters, right?"
76561198027409887,Recommended,506870,32526232,Posted: 17 June,all,Jackie Treehorn,Addictive - simple to pick up and play.  Recommend.
,Recommended,506870,32664238,Posted: 22 June,all,Rubberband,"I played Rogue when it first came out...a lot and this is the first Rogue-like I've really loved in the past few years.It's not a RNG beast, but it's as unforgiving as you would expect from a Rogue-like.The unlocks seemed too hard until I got a decent run on my 10th try.Love it :)"
76561198341136307,Recommended,506870,32688161,Posted: 23 June,all,CupOfCoffee98,"Immersive and challenging game with a wide amount of items, monsters and bossesEasy to learn, hard to masterBeware, you may end up playing this at late hours ;)"
76561198052449326,Recommended,506870,32904517,Posted: 27 June,all,7urist,"Excelent roguelike. I really like the dungeon generator, it works wonderfully"
76561198390891215,Recommended,506870,32608528,Posted: 20 June,all,derekab95,this is a great game very addictive and lots of room to grow i just wish it had a bigger community
,Recommended,506870,30138228,Posted: 24 February,all,Morally Bankrupt,"Really good game.  Whether you like rogues, roguelike, roguelites, whatever...if you enjoy crawling around a dungeon, looking for stuff then this game is for you.  It's got depth, so don't let the minimal graphics mislead you.   Easily one of the best dungeon crawlers I've played in a while."
,Recommended,506870,30178538,Posted: 25 February,all,"Kladblok""Genius""-Sensei","Edit two: One day after reporting a couple of issues, they all seem gone from the game. After playing for a couple of hours, the memory leak seemed plugged(got slower loading times as I went, but no more freezes while playing), haven't had a single crash or file go corrupt(where I had one every few runs go corrupt).I think we're in good hands here boys :)An edit: The developers are incredibly active and are doing their best in erasing all the bugs the game has. Although I do not think any game should be released with major bugs in them, I have high hopes for this little gem. For now, I still would recommending waiting a little before getting the game(as losing a long run can really ruin your day), but keep an eye out for this game :)Original post: I would love to recommend the game as the core game is pretty good and fun to play. But there are currently too many frustrating bugs that can corrupt your run. I've had already two runs of 3+ hours end with a corrupted file. Once because I saved the game(upon load, it was just corrupted), and another when I loaded into a new area(game chrashed, and is now corrupted).There's also a pretty annoying memory leak the devs really need to fix(starts stuttering after you've been ingame for a couple of hours. Is fixed by rebooting the game).But like I said, the game itself is fun, and quite addictive. If you're into rogue dungeon crawlers, this could be that gem you're looking for.But as it stands now, I'd say wait a few months, see if the bugs and stuff are less, then get it. As it is now, I can not recommend it."
,Recommended,506870,30241137,Posted: 28 February,all,hysteria4u,I enjoyed what only you can enjoy.58/58
,Recommended,506870,30260423,Posted: 1 March,all,XformGames,"When you can look past the visuals, this might actually turn out to be a very fun game!Only for the true dungeon crawlers though.Thumbs up!"
76561198043439379,Recommended,506870,30269938,Posted: 1 March,all,kckman002,Very well designed rogue game. Highly recommended. I particularly like the randomly generated level and puzzle. Some could be very challenging yet rewarding. There are many different ways to win a run so your creativity matters as well.
,Recommended,506870,30247692,Posted: 28 February,all,BM,"It's like someone tried to make a classic single-dungeon roguelike that is actually fun for the most part, and not momentarily fun in brief moments but various shades of mind-numbing and irritating otherwise."
76561198141418778,Recommended,506870,30254371,Posted: 28 February,all,nimthosg,-
76561197970818678,Recommended,506870,30274129,Posted: 2 March,all,Nypyren?!?!,"One of the best dungeon crawling games I've played.Realtime, smooth controls, good dungeons, lots of crazy situations to get yourself into (and hopefully out of).  The generated dungeons work very well 99% of the time - occasionally there will be situations that I cannot find any way out of.The developers listen to feedback and are very responsive, too!"
76561198154421019,Recommended,506870,30291886,Posted: 3 March,all,_waster,"It's good. Buy it.It's a rogue like top down dungeon crawler. It looks simple, but it is fun and engaging.Rare for me to write a review, but this one is worth it..."
,Recommended,506870,30298617,Posted: 3 March,all,Bran Banana Bran Bread,"An interesting take on the roguelike formula. Real time combat and a sort of classless system (you unlock classes that give you certain starting conditions) break convention. Said real time combat takes a little getting used to, but like Dark Souls, you start to get weapon and enemy patterns down - expect to die while you're still learning. The dungeon generator is fantastic, and keeps subsequent runs from getting stale. Overall, a good purchase for the asking price."
76561198042782024,Recommended,506870,31657544,Posted: 9 May,all,Mc Flaytus,"it's cute but feels unfinished for now. i'm sure it'll become, eventually, not only a spiritual successor of other games not unlike it (im thinking binding of isaac with doors that remain open) but also an evolution of the genre."
76561198067229555,Recommended,506870,31736566,Posted: 13 May,all,coryhanson76,This game is a hidden gem.  It feels like a mix of Binding of Isaac and Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup. It plays great with a controller as well.
,Recommended,506870,31634032,Posted: 8 May,all,Kundal,"Not to get boringly technical, I just don't get why this game is called a roguelite.It's as much a roguelike as Brogue is. Unless Brogue is a roguelite ? Nevermind, my head is starting to throb.This game will appeal to players of rogueli(k|t)es who enjoy Brogue's intuitiveness and simplicity while at the same time being more complex.Great graphics, great dungeon generation, and a very addicitive game.Enjoy.On the negative side, I have sadly experienced some  crashes, and I am bummed that this game is non-osx (wine works weirdly with this one)."
,Recommended,506870,31776902,Posted: 15 May,all,Manifest Destiny,This could be my top game of 2017. So much depth and room for expansion (which the dev has already shown a commitment too). The generation is top notch and every run the dungeon feels like a rich story driven experience.
76561198160503040,Recommended,506870,31904655,Posted: 22 May,all,TheHornedOne,This game has serious steam sync issues. Crashes every 30 minutes or so. This has happened on 3 different PC's. That being said.. I still love this game. The controls are odd but perfect once you get a feel for the game. For me.. it's a cross between the binding of Isaac and darkmaus. If you like challenging games and have the patience to deal with the crashing issues.. get this game!(To the devs..  please address these crashing issues. The game will start to act glitchy then crash all together. Having to wait for the game to resync with steam is almost like adding insult to injury. Other than that it's a quality game)
76561197986994936,Recommended,506870,31892998,Posted: 21 May,all,Agent Neigh,"Edit: The newest update of the game has resolved many of the crashing issues.Memmory usage went from ~1300 mb to 500-900mb depending.I've experienced alot of fun game play and engaging combat for the game, I still feel it comes across as a little flat when it comes with identifying potions, magic items and scrolls. Personally I would suggest waiting for more features before trying the game.I'd recommend this game if your looking for a unique twist on an action adventure with alot of replayability.I'd not recommend this for a hard core rogue like fan as the game will leave you wishing for more.The deepest I decended was level 13, it progresses nicely from easy to very hard, by this time you've ID'ed most scrolls/potions by guess and check. I don't like this system, and hoped for more.At Dungon level 10 your equipment feels inadiquite at least in my case. If you made your way down to these floors and need additional supplies it may be hard to influence the game to provide new items. I wish I knew more about the game but I can tell you freeze potions are useless at these levels even if you have 10 of them and your hurling them at the stuff that really scares you.P.S: Catching on fire can be a run killer. Right now I feel the mechanics for fire are unfun.What I feel the game is missing:Special rooms such as graves yards, thrones and halls.Named Artifacts, that may be in the game but I've not seen one in. Ie. Excalaber'Grab' (I have had a chest spawn infront of another chest making it tough to reach.)Additional tools to make the combat and exploring more fun.(actully in the game)Thank you"
76561197990701187,Recommended,506870,32143002,Posted: 2 June,all,2Proud2Prejudice,This is a fun action roguelike with a lot of good ideas. The whole dungeon is constructed at the start of your run and creates a coherant and unique feel each time. You read about boss monsters before you encounter them and gather appropriate equipment to prepare yourself. It's also got some nice music and a slick inteface. It's a game worth exploring.
,Recommended,506870,32167334,Posted: 3 June,all,Stark_Fists,"Great fun. The closest I've played to a traditional turn based roguelike, particularly Brogue or Pixel Dungeon. Puzzles are complex and rewarding, and help to make each dungeon memorable. Highly recommended if you like Binding of Isaac or other roguelites but want something more methodical and less twitch. Also recommended if you like Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup or Nethack or something, but real time. The combat is sticky and fun thanks to good controls combined with canny AI. A tad buggy, but the developer is active and updates are frequent."
76561197970337694,Recommended,506870,32200386,Posted: 5 June,all,faithless,A fun game that is often challenging but not in a way that makes you want to destroy your computer.  I find myself coming back over and over again and theyre always adding new and interesting content.  I dont think ill stop playing anytime soon.
,Recommended,506870,30451575,Posted: 11 March,all,.n.,"The graphics are a bit like a flash game, but everything else about this game is really well made and smartly designed, with procedural generation that feels unique and handcrafted.Fantastic replayability too - and combat that is strategic and emergent.Unreservedly recommend"
,Recommended,506870,30457944,Posted: 11 March,all,A.R.S Quiddy,"If DnD was a realtime computer game, this would be it. Also the level generator like nothing I've ever seen. Awesome"
76561198139419612,Recommended,506870,33061056,Posted: 30 June,all,Pablo Gorigoitia,"Everything that you would expect, and much more. Like a lot more, more than more, this game is like a ton of unexpected never ending, frustratingm, alianating fun.If you are (or want) to be a game creator Unexplored will marvel with it's craftmanship of fun, and the sensation of awe will make you angrily remade a lot of your own work."
,Recommended,506870,33066469,Posted: 30 June,all,Fracture64,Fantastic roguelite with very good ost. A lot of decision making and interesting real time combat system.
