user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198393559852,Recommended,506900,32182370,Posted: 4 June,all,Dixiefrieder,"I found this game by accident and it was a great surprise. Very original concept and great environment. I don't particulary like parkour games but Downward is someting more, fightings are a good choise to add, they are simple at the beginning but get more challenging later.Also the MARK is very smart and useful (it's a portable checkpoint that makes all the experience more engaging, if you remember to place it).The story works fine (little more than an excuse to jump around), controls (as it should be for a parkour game) are perfect and you need a little practice at the start. Also graphics are very smooth for an indie game (like AAA in my opinion). Money well spent"
,Recommended,506900,32382729,Posted: 13 June,all,antony_dale,"When I started this game the first time, I didn't expect that I could have found a game like that:- fresh and exhaustive gameplay- very good graphic (i love the particle system used here)- good sounds- good dubbingI really like the idea of setting parkour in a fantasy and exploration context."
76561198015156355,Recommended,506900,30213435,Posted: 26 February,all,Wonderboy in Monsterland,"Pros:-Good First person perspective gameParkour!!!Hardcore Parkour!!graphics good enough for what is neededCons:-Tutorial says ""Press and hold space to double jump over multiple jumpspresses and hold space...falls to doom because controls are not fully as polished as they should beclimb back up again and again because double jump doesnt work as it shouldgets new keyboard to test...falls to doom again and again because controls not as polished as they should beoverallgood game .....needs some tweaking to make sure controls work as stated..."
,Recommended,506900,32131737,Posted: 2 June,all,Xiberius,"After a couple of hours with this game i'm really impressed by it. Unlike many Early Access games this feels very polished, from the graphics through to the gameplay.As a lover of parkour from games like Dying Light and Mirrors Edge I was interested to see it used in more of a puzzle setting rather than action, and Downward does this really well.It starts of linear just to guide you through the basics and then lets you play in an open world environment. Its beautiful to look at and explore, although I don't now what I'm supposed to be doing! Like many indie titles the game doesn't hold your hand, so you have to work things out for yourself. Although there is an objective marker you can choose to ignore and just explore. There were many occasions where the character says 'maybe i'll come back later', when you reach a certain point. I'm not sure whether this is due to it being early access or simply I don't have the required gear to progress.One things for sure, if you're looking for a parkour style puzzle/adventure game in an open world then this is for you. Yes, there are some enemies to face but its not an action game, which for me is refreshing.Watching the development on this one closely - this is the most polished early access game i've seen and cheaper than most other early access game too!!The game has been released from ea, and is one of the best indie games i've played!"
76561198118575381,Recommended,506900,31434176,Posted: 29 April,all,Borderline,"Great experience! Very nice graphics, gameplay is solid and voice acting is good for an inde. Also I'm in love with the parkour mechanics, can't ask more!+ graphics+ story+ gameplay+ voice acting+ online leaderboards- sometimes it's hard to undestand where you have to go- online is very hardAlso the devs are active with the community, GG devs."
,Recommended,506900,32873244,Posted: 27 June,all,Baznoc™,"I Love the way theve (the Devs) have flushed this Game out SO much that it's the Look that keeps me playing it. It has no issues that I saw of control, and 'Parkour moves' are just hard, you have to practice them. I did.This is a Great game Un-Finished I m,ight add but I cant wait to see what else the Devs come up with.I give this a 7 of 10Fun game, I just wished I could play More! But what they give you will take Hours of play!Enjoy it! I did!"
76561198016684317,Recommended,506900,32412801,Posted: 14 June,all,nooboftheforest,"It's cheap for an EA game, it looks really good, it's fun. It's like Mirrors Edge but with no urgency, take your time and explore.The voice acting is TRASH so I set voice volume to 0The save games seem to ♥♥♥♥ up with updates tho so maybe hold off until it gets released"
,Recommended,506900,28484051,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Rolandem,"Fun and interesting game with nice graphics, however you might have quite high mouse delay that i have not found a fix for :/ ."
76561198046719166,Recommended,506900,31608218,Posted: 7 May,all,Spikestrife,"ThePruids video sent me here to check out the game, tried the demo and bought the game for myself and gifted it to my friend as well. I can see why it is recommended by him. Praise the sun untill you hollow!!!!"
,Not Recommended,506900,33526073,Posted: 13 July,all,Tak Blue,"can't recommend this game. It's trying to hard to be too many different things and achieving none of them.The gameplay: The mechanics of a parkour game at it's most minimal. You are essentially reduced to using the same 5 moves over and over in slightly different combinations. 4/10.The story: Confusing and without any real sense of satisfaction in the conclusion. You are forced to try and fill in the gaps of what is going on based on a few narrative dialogs which are lack-luster at best (and in some cases, can kill you on beta planet since you can't pick up any lanterns during the slow dialogs yet you continue to take damage over time.) 5/10The voice acting: Pretty good actually. The protagonist has the voice and demeanor of a pretty average guy with a bit of a goofiness. 7/10Combat: Well, it's really not. It's just dodging away from attacks. Which makes sense for a parkour game, as parkour is the French martial art of running away. However, this just feels clumsy. The antithesis of this is the final boss fight which is lackluster and yet frustrating. It forces you to use what I can imagine is the exact same strategy that anyone who has defeated her followed. Meaning standing behind pillars for 5 minutes at a time waiting for your stamina to recharge. Underwhelming at best. 3/10Graphics: Not the worst, but this goes into the repetitive design of the actual gameplay. You will find yourself wondering if you had already been there before since it mostly all looks alike. 6/10Challenging: No. This is not a challenging game. It is very linear and the Mark basically keeps you from ever dying if you place it well. Additionally, all of the walls are colored with which parkour move you are supposed to use. Red for climb. Blue for wall jump. Orange for wall run. Green for between wall hopping (Which there is almost none of.) The only challenge this game presents is in the ""challenges"" themselves. 3/10Bugs: This is still a very early version, so there are still plenty of bugs in play. However, since it's an early release that just launched at v1.0 I won't grade this. I'm not a programmer so I have no idea how difficult it could be to flesh out bugs in a game like this.Honorable mentions: This game does force you to think strategically in how you upgrade. Upgrading your skypiece multiplier early gives you a higher net yield. Upgrading your selling skill before selling anything at all also gives a higher net yield. I did enjoy the first few parts of this game. However, it did lose it's charm very quickly.The Ugly: This is the poor-man's version of Mirror's Edge, only without the parkour... or story... or combat system... or challenge."
,Recommended,506900,30602778,Posted: 18 March,all,FireFox,"I've tried many Early Access Games and I have to say that the developers of this have done a phenomenal job. Being a fan of games like Dying Light and BioShock, This game has several features I love such as the Parkour and abilities to aid the player in getting around and using the environment to progress.The visuals are simply breathtaking. I adore the bright sunlight against the panoramic landscape, Though It can get a bit hard to see here and there. Thankfully, The developers don't overdepend on effects such as Bloom to hide visual artifacts and everything is extremely detailed. There is the occasional pop-in but overall, I think this is a beautifully crafted world.In terms of enemies, The Golems are really well animated and initially could prove to be a slight challenge to newcomers.However, Once you learn their attack moves then they do become rather predictable. It then simply becomes a dodge game where you just wait for the Golems to reveal their vunerable cores. I would love to see more tactics added. Perhaps using the environment to stun Golems while trying to avoid getting hurt yourself? Maybe knocking down crumbling pillars to make several heavy rocks rain down on the area. The turrets and drones are neat too and I like the very basic Stealth system to avoid being spotted by them as you try to deactivate them. I adore Stealth and I hope this gets expanded on, If possible.The voice acting is pretty decent. Nothing spectacular but not too grating. So props to the developers for creating a protagonist not too serious and not too annoying. It's rather balanced. I also do hope that the Old Man gets more than one laugh.. :P.Sound work is nice though I have noticed times where the music or sound effects, Such as the Artifacts, Will cut out occasionally. I hope that some sounds will gradually fade out as you move further away as It would help In trying to locate them slightly easier. I have also noticed that when I am looking at an Artifact, The whispering sounds can be heard through either my left or right speakers through my headphones which can feel a bit weird. But It isn't that much of a problem.Gameplay is great. I really do love the Parkour in this but It can end up feeling a bit "" floaty "" here and there, Especially when falling. As for the Magic [ Or Energy? ] skills such as being able to Slingshot around or leave behind Marks that you can quickly teleport to, They are very fun to use but at times, I haven't been able to leave Marks as pressing the button often does nothing. Hopefully, This will get fixed in later patches.I am very interested to see how the story progresses. The mix of Fantasy / Sci-Fi really gives me a somewhat "" Assassin's Creed "" mixed with "" Halo "" feeling. It does leave you wondering what is yet to come.Overall, A brilliant job by the developers. I highly recommend this, Especially at such a great price. You are sure to get your money's worth. I wish the developers of Downward all the best with this project and any future ones that they may start. The amount of potential here is extremely high.A huge thumbs up."
,Recommended,506900,28483834,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,eljueta,"So I tried it for a while and I like what i see, it still needs a lot of polish though. Voice acting is pretty bad and there's motion blur everywhere for no apparent reason. You have my money, I'll be waiting for final version to play it through though."
,Recommended,506900,30934463,Posted: 3 April,all,Đominus Aventiūs,"So far this game is very enjoyable. The gameplay is quite unique and the levels are well designed. The developers are consistently delivering new content during this early access period and always respond to feedback. There are also some cool features hidden in the game that you are able to discover once you progress more, I'll let you discover those though. I honestly have to say I was delighted to see those features in the game.I'm looking forward to the final release."
,Recommended,506900,28480376,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,DamnChill,"This game is in early access so take what I say with a grain of salt seeing as how most of it will be fixed by the final version, but currently standing this is how it is:Personally, love this game for the beauty of the scenary and the graphics alone. There are little to no graphical or game breaking issues i've experienced thus far. I love the overall idea and execution of this game, but with this being said I feel as if it is missing a piece.The game on the other hand feels sort of lacking in any real direction or motivation. I am sure as they add content the game will progress nicely. Personally I feel a but underwhelmed by the story set in place thus far, and I feel like the voice actor himself for the main character was less than interested. I do understand the idea of what the character should represent, but I feel that the character who shows little to no emotion doesn't exactly help with immersion. The save points I found to be a rather large annoyance, being that they were bells that are not entirely too obvious, and would be easy to pass. Some players may struggle with this, and some may not. The additional challenge of finding these saves so you do not begin at part 1 of a level is different but not bad. I would have prefered a traditional menu save screen, but I am no developing this game, and ultimately if this is the route they wish to take, prehaps it will end up working!Being that this is an indie game I can completely forgive its story and acting for the sole reason that he puzzles and gameplay truly is fun. The puzzles I found gave enough of a challenege but was not hard enough that had me sitting here wondering what was next. I believe that everyone should give this game a go before discrediting it, and I think for the $10 price tag this game indefinitely makes worth of its money, and I say $10 is absolutely a fair price to help fund a game. I can't count how many early access indie games are asking $20 - $30 for a game that is half baked, but this is not the case with this game.Please experience this for yourself and judge your experience based on your taste, being that these are all my opinions, and ultimately these are open to change. Well Done for this game honestly though."
,Recommended,506900,32307533,Posted: 9 June,all,DeepFriedOreo,"Start off good, this game is currently unfinished, but it is by no mean unpolished. This small group of 3 people from Rome have blown me away with their amazing word, and fine eye for detail. I refund a lot of games, and after my first 5 minutes I knew I would be hooked! The character controller feels very smooth, and apart from a couple game breaking glitches that make you have restart your file (game is early access, what can you do) this game is well on it's way to being a full release. This game feels like it draws heavy inspiration from Mirror's Edge on it's parkour mechanics, yet it's cues are a little more subtle. Given the open world, you may find yourself going off track to explore, and does this game ever let you. A couple areas of the story are accessable early and give a ton of perks as well as a sneak peek at story elements if you so desire. The story is a little lacking, though by the end of the current plot I do find myself drawn in enough to want to know how it ends.Now let's talk about the bad, because there is a bit. The parkour is a little unrefined. Don't get me wrong, most of the time you will find it being flawless, however there are currently a few early access bugs that cause the character to react automatically to some wall cues and mess up your input (This never bugged me too much on my playthrough). Another flaw is the open world itself. The quest cues are a little confusing, at least they were for me until I explored just about the entire map and found my way into areas I shouldn't have been yet. Although it was really fun finding extra areas before completing the first story arch.If you enjoy parkour style games, don't mind a bit of added action, and love exploring well thought out world, I would highly recommend this game to you."
,Recommended,506900,32710635,Posted: 23 June,all,Sou1Ace,"The little bit I have been able to play has been very fun and the game looks absolutly beautiful for an Early Access game.EDIT: WIth the help of the developer, the problem caused by having an NVIDIA driver has been fixed and the game runs great. Would reccommend to anyone looking for a beautiful exploration game with fun and exciting movement."
,Recommended,506900,33751010,Posted: 23 July,all,McCovican,"For a big-name developer, this would be a solid release. For a small indie team, it's absolutely phenomenal. The world they've crafted here is (buzz-word warning) exceptionally detailed, superbly multi-layered, impressively polished, and utterly engrossing. My weekend has vanished in a blink playing this. First-person puzzle-platforming with a side of speedruns, this isn't some throw-away indie release. It's a real heavy-hitter.I've found a few gameplay bugs in this, but the developers are acknowledging them and are very active. I'm quite confident that the last gremlins lazing about in this will be picked off soon. Honestly though, they really haven't been significant enough to break the immersion, much less the core gameplay experience - this is all about the challenge of getting from A to B, and I've even had some fun playing about with a few exploits to get to places I shouldn't be!I will admit though that the speed-run side-game they have in this can be really fiddly and a bit frustrating at times. However, this isn't core to the gameplay experience, and the story world remains in a better state than some AAA titles. Solid 8/10, even at full retail price (£6.99), this is a steal."
,Recommended,506900,31816507,Posted: 17 May,all,SunshinyJuzez,"First-person Puzzle PlatformingNoticed that not a lot of people have played this game (i.e. video or text walkthroughs and guides)I want to be thorough with my review but I'll have to check back later if and when I can.I am currently on the Fire level doing their gauntlet of ""new ability"" - making temporary platforms...it is heinous.Probably the biggest difficulty curve I've seen in a game. Just due to the fact there is little checkpoints. Right after you get the ability there is 1 checkpoint but 2 objectives...there should a handful of other checkpoints because just parkour challenging the way to the top of the mountain with these platforms in such close proximity is too much. It is easier for me to straight up kill myself than climb all the way through the dungeon to get back to the first platform (assuming I lived the fall).Pros:Very pretty on the Unity 4Story is simpleCharacters are well voice-actedCons:Some glitching - stuck in walls due to incredulous momentum, falling a certain way makes you invincible to environmental hazards like lava and cactiThere are little checkpoints - so save frequent and often, use all your saved token-things...because you are going to hate losing them when you die. You may die a lot.Sometimes the objectives are clearly layed out, it may be ""just above"" but likely also a few walls over and with no map you can get lost easily.There was lots to look at, but the game was too spread out...and with minimal music it definitely had its eerie and quiet moments of just empty.I should only be around 1/3-1/2 completion thus far...and I'd say the game is punishing but fair. I'd recommend if you were into Mirror's Edge, Portal, creative exploration of Dying Light."
76561198398440695,Recommended,506900,32722375,Posted: 24 June,all,aayla90,"I didn't expect such a great game. It has fresh and wise gameplay, the level design makes you to want to explore and I love the misterious narration at the beginning that works great with the semi-esoteric context. Movement are great and graphics is impressive. Racomanded to anyone, but I think that smart players will appreciate it better.I'm surprised that nobody is talking about this game out there, but searching around I found that they are a very small team, so maybe they can't just do more advertising.Lucky for me, I stealed this pearl for less than 7 box."
,Recommended,506900,31019501,Posted: 8 April,all,Murphy,"For an Early Access game this is pretty incredible. The graphics are fantastic, there's a interesting storyline and the level design is unique. Even after you finish the (so far) short campaign there's still various places to explore and secrets to unveil along with customizing your character.Looking forward to future updates and the finished product."
76561198042687133,Recommended,506900,32769017,Posted: 25 June,all,qThinesh,The Game looks fantastic. But allways crashes on the platform after the awake scene (4 min ingame).Some error mesage like D3D not  found...Update: Wow i am really amazed. Even the Dev Team contacted me to help me out!Now everything works just fine and the Game looks and feels  fantastic!Thanks Saracal Games !
76561198149439074,Recommended,506900,31920218,Posted: 23 May,all,thegracelinge,"I really enjoyed this game. It was different and fun to play, and easy to learn the controls. I just wish that there was more. I understand that this game isn't finished so hopefully, there will be more to play."
,Recommended,506900,28476145,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Psp4804,"Downward is an interesting case.The game itself is relatively simple, depending on a few mechanics to help progress gameplay (artifacts). The map is vast, with collectibles and side puzzles scattered around.Coming from a background of speedrunning in Mirror's Edge: Catalyst, I have to admit that this game features some clunky gameplay. Not all movement is intuitive, nor fluid.However, for day1 of an early access game, this game sufficently meets my expectations.My full gameplay of this game can be found here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6ekB_788fE"
76561198067851126,Recommended,506900,33547325,Posted: 14 July,all,Dread Baron Beardly,Not sure where the hate is coming from for this game. I am quite enjoying it and the price is very reasonable.
,Recommended,506900,31691341,Posted: 11 May,all,Psyjinx,"For a game created by 3 people, I'm absolutely amazed.I just started the game and already know without a doubt, that I want to finish it. I defeated my first Golem, and literally just stepped into the Meditation zone... It's beautiful... If you're a fan of platformers, parkour, and collecting trinkets to further your character progression... This game is for you.For $10.00, you can't get a more enjoyable experience out of the newer indie games right now.Very well done, guys. Looking forward to seeing what else this game has in store for me!"
76561198029003761,Recommended,506900,30533756,Posted: 15 March,all,"CaptainFijit, StellaVorax","I purchased this game for ten dollars, and it was honestly worth it, and soon, hopefully, it'll be worth more. After only four and a half hours of gameplay, I completed all of the story up to this point, but I look forward in anticipation of future updates. There are lots of bugs glitches, and the ""combat"" takes some patience, but the parkour is gratifying and exciting and makes up for it in full. I am glad to support the developers and happy to know that Downward will be continued and improved in the future. I encourage readers who like Mirror's Edge to invest in the experience, but if you're looking for a challenging fight, steer clear until more information about the coming changes have reached your eyes and ears."
76561198054179925,Recommended,506900,30768300,Posted: 27 March,all,Karakken,"This is the greatest game ive played in years!This game is absolutely addicting and fantastically fun at the same time. I kind of enjoyed mirror's edge which is the only other game like this on the market and this outshines it by miles! This game takes a free running genre and combines it with an open world in a fantasy setting. Love it. But thats not even the greatest part of this game, puzzles. Literally every segment of this game is a puzzle and they are all very well crafted and put together in a non obvious way that has many paths to completion. When I hit the end of the developed part of this game (as its still in progress) I wanted more right away!Another part of this game I absolutely love is that they don't take a linear approach to anything. There is a main storyline but you don't have to follow it for a long long time if you don't want to. Instead you can say no thank you to the voice in your head, go explore, find hidden treasure and fun obstacle courses, earn coins and buy upgrades, decorate your hideout, on and on and on!My final thoughts here are for the developers on where they can take the rest of the 2/3rds of the game that has yet to be released.I personally would really enjoy it if you keep up what i love about it so far (as stated above) but add in a few layers of psychological confusion. The wanderer hears a voice in his head so make it trick him/not be real/ make him doubt reality. The sheer level of mind games you can do with this storyline is astounding and I would really like to see something along those lines.I would also really like to see the game develop more perks whether they be less fall damage scaling to no fall damage, or one perk you can level infinitely that increases your run speed by 1-5% per level purchased. I love the idea of a perk system and in a game with no combat you can really get creative on the things to offer the player.Summary: Amazing graphics, great physics, amazing storyline, very addicting, recommending to everyone I know."
76561198054023535,Recommended,506900,30309614,Posted: 3 March,all,Catpsyche,"I'm absolutely in-love with this game!!!  Now, you may say that I don't know what love is, but then I'd say, You don't know this excellent parkour game. ;) ...The Con's of this game - The story line is far from complete.  It's a little buggy with some quite unexpected and sudden crashes.  I had about 5 crashes in total; first crash at my 8 hour mark and the last 4 were just in the last few hours of the end of the game in it's current state of development.  I took my time with the game and finished most accomplishments and items at around 16 hours total.  This is all as of 3-4-17, so they may have these things ironed out quite quickly.  I did my part and sent in ALL crash reports.  *Shrugs... The Pro's -  There's too many to mention, honestly, but I'll try and be short.  Here goes! ---> Excellent ambiance, atmosphere, sounds, aesthetics, visually appealing, SMOOTH GAMEPLAY that IS NOT glitchy or sticky, game makes you want to look and touch everything for extremely close analysis, NEVER A BORING MOMENT, extremely interesting storylines so far with at least 3 separate conflicting characters (Who to listen to or trust?!), voice acting totally believable, and even with the crashes I had I was able to quickly access and continue my story from last save without all of that logo / intro crap and credits nonsense that makes games so slow to start...  I want to see much more in this game with updates in the future AND want to see these developers from The Caracal Team do lots more with their gaming/ crafting skills!... I definitely would recommend this game to anyone that likes Stealth and Parkour style games.  This game is most like Lemma to me and I think it has the air of The Myst Franchise.  I'd most like to see this game expand on more playable alternate dimensions with world(s) attributes and combinations, unlocking even greater skills for more difficult challanges, and have each NPC characters affects alternative story endings with the paths we choose, for even greater replayablility."
,Recommended,506900,28500438,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Teggy,"I'm really impressed by the game so far given what it costs. I've run into some minor glitches so far, but the primary parkour gameplay is pretty solid. The game looks great and the platforming design is quite well done. Using the abilities to scale and traverse the world is great fun, and there are lots of hidden collectibles and secret areas to find. I'm looking forward to playing the finished product.The only glaring issue with the game is the voice acting. The main character is terrible and the supporting characters are only a little better. Maybe they will be able to replace some in the final version."
,Recommended,506900,30246314,Posted: 28 February,all,karnsarnit,"I played the early access version of the game and I'm excited for the release of the final version. Great atmosphere, smooth gameplay. Maybe too heavy on the bloom effect in places as it makes some of the important things like artifacts hard to see. Also, some areas are nearly pitch black. Contrast too high? Also some crashing. But as it's early access I can forgive all that. All in all, very good! Kind of like a parkour metroidvania with a Myst-like beauty."
,Recommended,506900,33727426,Posted: 22 July,all,Cesar The Salad,"If you like parkour, and have an above-average gaming PC, you should try this one out. It's fun."
,Recommended,506900,31773911,Posted: 15 May,all,Yam340,"After playing a while i can approve this Game as Awsome!As i saw this in my recomended list i knew i have to try this game, so shortly after that i found myself with a empty credit card.Still anyway back to the Review....I will simply make a list of things i like and diskile so i dont spoiler the story.+ Gamemechanics+ Gameplay+ Graphics+ I wana come back to the game+ Calming Gameplay+ Many but simple controls+ Good tourtourialsDislikes- None until now i will update this if i find something...."
,Recommended,506900,28936494,Posted: 2 January,all,Nuclear Power,"If you like the cool game, you can rely on it"
,Recommended,506900,28495862,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Rudenho,"I really love this game, it fills my heart with as positive feeling as when I was playing Dying Light or Assassin's Creed. I am really curious to see what will the game look like in the final version!"
76561198163920154,Recommended,506900,30877100,Posted: 1 April,all,TrustingFlame23,"Very good game indeed, however improvements are still needed. I've had a few glitches and when going towards the temple the game seems to freeze. Not every game is perfect but I hope some patches come along to fix these issues. The whole of the temple is broken to be fair."
76561198306298677,Recommended,506900,32793345,Posted: 25 June,all,Grey,"First of all, praise to the wonderful devs at Caracal games for working so hard on new challenges and updates every week I have no doubt all of their efforts will one day result in an amazing and polished game. The foundation already in place is solid with good controls and cool mechanics as well as an intriguing story. If you enjoy first person exploration games check it out you won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,506900,33634620,Posted: 18 July,all,Fyyar,"9/10 Would recommendThis game is very enjoyable, I noticed a lot of people have complained about the optimization and while that may be an issue for some, I have had no issues so far. People also need to realize that only a small team of individuals are working on this title, so bugs and issues will occur. I will say one of the annoying things about the game, is the lack of a community surrounding it. I was trying to look for a walkthrough to get through a particularly difficult part and I couldn't find anything on it at all! I ended up finding a workaround using a ledge that I wasn't supposed to use, if the dev team reads this, I can tell them exactly how I did the workaround so they can patch it. So, all-in-all, I really enjoy this game I just wish it felt more linear at times."
,Not Recommended,506900,31619645,Posted: 7 May,all,ASeriesOfLetters,"Just can't recommend this. It looks nice, and it moves smoothly, but it's just not engaging for long. Yes, it's a first-person parkour game, but it fails to capture what made Mirror's Edge's best moments so great. There's very little depth to the movement. The character doesn't need to accelerate; he runs at full speed right away - this kills what made doing well in Mirror's Edge so rewarding. There's no sense of momentum or buildup as you move fluidly through a level, which makes doing well less fun and screwing up less meaningful.It's missing mechanics like skill rolls or turning around and jumping out of a wallclimb; I'm not trying to bash this game just for not being Mirror's Edge, but it doesn't introduce anything new to bring back that depth and creativity. You've got your anomalies, but even they don't do a whole lot; by adding skills like super jumps or slingshotting but restricting them to particular locations, you're not really creating more depth. It's a glorified springboard; it's a tool placed in the environment that's clearly meant to be used in one specific way. That's not depth; it hardly qualifies as gameplay. It doesn't make you think; all it really does to ""deepen"" the game is force you to backtrack once you've unlocked a given anomaly so that you can get all the stuff that you couldn't before. That's not gameplay. That's more walking.It's not just anomalies that suffer from the issue of being very clearly placed for a specific purpose. The whole environment has this problem.  If something has wooden beams hanging off of it, you climb it. If it's got that floral pattern (and, frustratingly enough, ONLY if it's got the floral pattern), you can wallclimb/wallrun. The levels are very telegraphed; you can tell at a glance exactly what the dev wants, and this is problematic because the only option is what the dev wants - there is no room for creativity. It makes the game really easy and linear.The devs saw the number one complaint with Mirror's Edge, the lack of player freedom, and attempted to fix it by creating an open world and a skill tree and anomalies. But with little depth to the movement and painfully linear level design, Downward is far more restrictive than Mirror's Edge ever was.Downward is early access, so maybe I'm passing judgment too soon. But seeing as the early access blurb mentions nothing about deepening the mechanics, I'd give this one a pass. It's too shallow to be entertaining for long."
,Recommended,506900,28503540,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Sentient Cactus,"Honestly:Cons first:I was a little disappointed in terms of how linear it was. I was hoping for more of an exploratory, multi-pathed thing with lots of places to explore but it's kind of straightforward, with really obvious goal markers, and single paths. This can, of course, all change when it moves form EA.However the biggest issue is... the main character's voice-acting. Not the actor themselves exactly, but it seems really awkward and forced given the context- it's also slightly too loud cmpared to ambient sounds (haven't looked into adjusting the sound yet if I can change the different levels but at default) and sort of tears me away from the immersion at times. A few lines are really sort of unnerving:I mean, if the main character's lived in the world for however long he has (the main character is an adult); he obviously cannot be as ignorant of things as the tutorial-style intro makes it out to be. He gets confused about finding artifacts and is like ?!??!! WHAT ARE THOSE whenever he runs into a new enemy (which seem to be fairly widespread- really, he's never seen one of them before?). Also, some things are never even explained but he totes knows what's up with those guys. It's a bit contradictory. This is also coming from the fact that he is already on a 'journey' and probably has some goals in mind. Honestly, I feel like I'm playing an absolute idiot most of the time. I haven't gotten too far yet; but he seems really, really ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. Not to mention that he talks about how rare people are; yet he can speak a language that everyone understands. Where did he learn it from? He had to have parents or an origin or something, they must have taught him some other things! Why is he so stupid when he's talking?I'd highly suggest them re-writing and re-recording most of his dialogue, because it just seems really weird. I do really enjoy the lines he says when you find an artifact though- those are hilarious. Some folks here (after reading the other reviews and editing mine a bit) complain about his lack of emotion- hoenstly I find the deadpan execution quite funny. However, they are right- he should be a little more invested when it comes to the actual storyline. VERY IMPORTANT: The voice-actor himself is GOOD. It's not about him- it's just.. the dialogue lines themelves are really awakward and umeotional.Also, for being a parkour game, the grab-edges are kinda.. awkward? and it's really easy to miss things for really stupid reasons. Maybe I am just bad at games, but it's hard to tell where the cut off point is. And, with it being first-person (and not third person like assasin's creed), it's hard to tell where your feet are when running - and you can't look down because you tend to move whereever youre looking towards).Lastly, ****[early-game spoilers begin here], when finding the shrine for the first time, and the first door gets opened, I was really confused because of how far away it was in the end. It was really awkward to run all the way across the map and having to get down from up ther ewas really awkward (pipe-passage shortcut I did not go to, as I thought the door would be somewhere else so I went past it a little). Also, I was not too sure what exactly I accomplished going through that first area.[spoiles are over]****Pros:This game actually reminds me quite a lot of old-school Playstation and Gamecube games- like Spyro. The nostalgia's really strong with the way it's been developed and played. Honestly, I'm really digging that. Modern games have gone in the wrong direction at times, and it's mnice to see a straight-forward, item-collecting-y type thing to play. It's something I just enjoy. I'm not very good at developing good battle strategies or complex fights- like Dark Souls at the worst. This is so simple and just has these really nice basic elements to it; but with the modern graphics. It's really nice for me to play it. It's just something I could pick up and gothrough. Maybe this is a con for some people, but I really like it. It gives me a break ffrom really hard-core RPGs and complex stuff. It's just nice to play, though I wish the storyline was a little darker.The landscapes are also amazing! I actually find the world really beautiful, though some of the foliage could use an upgrade (specifically in the frozen area).Lastly for pros, I really like how progress is saved. I really like finally getting to an object, and even if I die I still retain it. I'm not sure if it's intentional, but it takes off a lot of stress about falling. Losing SKypieces really isn't an issue, but it's nice to see that all my collectibles save regardless of where I go.All in all, I'm actually enjoying it quite a bit, thouigh don't go into this expecting a really deep complex game juuust yet."
,Recommended,506900,29260370,Posted: 14 January,all,fish,"Played around 2 hours to get the general feel of the game.Pros:-Beautiful graphics-Responsive controls-overall good gameplay-performance friendly-has a lot of graphics settings (I hope they will add a bloom toggle in the future)-Challenges are really fun to play, and is perfect for the hardcore parkour gamer.-Developers are really active and listen to the community, with a lot of weekly updates.-music is decentCons-decent to terrible voice acting (main character should say less)-doesnt really have a good story, but doesnt really aim for that either (at least not at my point in the game)-sound design is a bit off at some point (character falls from 200 ft to his death and all he says is ""oh"")-has a few bugs, but since its in beta, its more then understandableWhat I would like to be improved:- go a bit more rpg. if there were more quest and a bigger world to explore , this could become a really amazing game. mechanics are already solid, but a few more enemies would be nice (Again, im not that far into the story)- workshop support and a level creator could keep this game playable for a long time-remove/change some voice lines-animate the characters mouthsRating:8/10.I was pleasantly suprised that an indie game studio came out with such a solid title, but I was a bit worried the mechanics would be a bit clunky. that was not the case since the game is very responsive, and thats all I really asked for."
,Recommended,506900,34531998,Posted: 27 August,all,acejavelin,"This is one of the more enjoyable parkour games out there, probably one of the best for Linux, near zero violence level and just simple explore and collect to power up your stats. The story line is engaging and takes a couple interesting turns that are unexpected, at least until the end after you face the final boss and ending(s) are nothing more than a short monologue.The game has a gorgeous environment, which you can change, and some very interesting and fun concepts and mechanics that are a little outside of the normal parkour game that makes this an enjoyable gem of a game.My only complaints are the game ramps up the difficulty in huge steps towards the end of the game, it is fairly easy to get 2/3 of the way through this game, then some mechanics are added that increases the difficulty immensely and leads to frustration since you must quickly master the skills which takes more time than the game allows for, leading to frustration. Once good example of this is the final boss, up to this point bad guys or ""mini-bosses"" where fairly simple and more of a slight annoyance than anything, but going from the normal monsters to the boss is like going from fighting a street thug to fighting Superwoman, and took me I don't know how many attempts to beat the first time. The second issue I had was graphical glitches, lots of them, getting stuck behind or inside walls, under ladders, and other places I could not get out of  without exiting and restarting the game, which can set you back a LONG way.Word of advice, find the objects and use the Merchant's Lair... build stuff there, doing some investigation into certain bad guys will help a lot in the final battle. (hint, hint)I initially starting playing this game with a controller, but discovered quickly that just didn't work because you couldn't map some of the necessary functions to buttons, and could not map the joystick buttons to anything (they didn't register at all) so I highly recommend using the keyboard/mouse controls.The game ran well on my Linux box (FX-8230e/16GB RAM/Nvidia GTX680) on highest settings and I had no quality or frame rate issues in the graphics, even with multiple other windows and workspaces running.I have spent close to 40 hours in this game, just exploring and gathering stuff, but it can easily be completed in probably 10 hours or so (speedrunners are doing it in less than an hour). Not many games do I go back to after completing all possible endings, but I did for this one several times and I still haven't uninstalled it."
76561198173606567,Recommended,506900,28622093,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,KeinSchiesse,"As far as first-person platforming games go (Mirror's Edge, a Story About My Uncle, Valley, etc...) this is also a quality and enjoyable title in that genre. I would also reccomend this game to fans of the Prince of Persia series as the mechanics and aesthetic are very similar, but in a first person format. You can slide, wallrun, run up certain surfaces, etc, while collecting a variety of ""orbs"" / scattered throughout the large, open levels. A dash is added for the very limited ""combat"" which involves dodging distinct and very sparse enemy interactions. The level design of the deserted surroundings look great with vibrant colors and impressive vistas. The introductory tutorial sequence looks quite bland by comparison to how the game looks shortly following, so give it a chance."
,Recommended,506900,33620129,Posted: 17 July,all,yung_xd,"I quite liked the game. For a 7EUR price tag you can't expect much, but it absolutely gave me my money's worth.While the game was short and relatively easy, it's so pretty. It's a wonderful visual experience throughout the entirety of it. I played this maxed out and the visuals reminds me of The Witness, but with modern graphic capabilities which is a very big plus from me. Pretty colours and environments envelop you constantly and gives you something nice to look at while exploring your way through this strange world.The gameplay is a bit too basic for me however, literally just coming from Mirror's Edge speedrunning makes this feel very easy. You can get by with your spacebar and sloppy mousing almost everywhere. Where you can't, the ""Focus"" ability just bails you out since you'll never run out of it, ever. The mechanic of creating blocks and jumping on them is very blunt too. Doing them in a fast succession simply doesn't work, it won't respond and you'll fall to your death so the gameplay slows down using them.I did find some challenge in the meditating area however. The fact that you can combine dashing to wallruns means you can move through areas much quicker, and made the game oh so much more difficult when you were on a clock and trying to min/max. I feel that's where the game took the same turn as Mirror's Edge: Catalyst did: The whole concept of parkour is literally ""gotta go fast"" but when you have so much to collect around you, you never end up going fast. That's where the meditating area came into play and gave me some enjoyment in difficult gameplay.The skills are also pretty pointless, I got by the final parts of the game with one HP upgrade. Nothing is necessary. I never ran out of anything, and especially due to ""The Mark"" being sort of a broken mechanic. You can get away with anything as long you're quick enough to teleport back before you die. I hoped this mechanic would bring for some interesting gameplay puzzle wise. This could have easily been a much more complex game if you simply added in the fact that you'd be able to change planets and keep your marks. Make the mark a necessity in the gameplay being able to get places different planets don't let you.That said, I still enjoyed the game enough to go and finish and try to find all the endings. It's a very cheap game so you can't set the standards too high. It does a few things really well, and those things were worth the price to me. Just the visuals alone were.I won't comment on the story, or bugs since I'm aware this game just got released and will undergo some changes. The story simply because I'm not sure I've seen all there is to see yet. (As of now the story is quite wonky to me).It's still an awesome job for a 3 person team to make a game of this magnitude, while there's fixes to made and things that could be better I still think the game deserves some credit."
,Recommended,506900,28642824,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,joshdotmp4,"Overall, very visually appealing and good looking, but I'm not even very far in and it's showing its flaws. The parkour system seems like it doesn't extend to everything; as i've found, you can only climb specific objects and on specific sides. Some walls will let you wall jump when you want to wall run. The game's mechanics and ""rules"" should be kept universally, not picky and choosy on which objects you can parkour with. I played around in meditation mode a bit and it was frustrating that I couldn't take on obstacles in my own way and was forced to go through the linear obstacle course set up by the mapmaker.Another thing is the voice acting, mainly for the protagonist. Gah, he sounds like a radio announcer in EVERY sentence. He's doing a weird voice and none of his lines seem to have emotion. I know that's credit partly to how it's written but it's just very unimpressive.The game's got a long way to go and a lot of polishing to be done."
76561198398958965,Recommended,506900,33560865,Posted: 15 July,all,Ex_shadow491,"Very good game, especially considering the price. My only ""complain"" will be that the game itself its very hardware demanding, at least in Linux, I don't know if this issue has something to do with some kind of optimization or not but I' ve just wanted to point this out."
,Recommended,506900,31561761,Posted: 5 May,all,peepee,"Beautiful graphics, average optimization, interesting story, also fun to play though."
76561198008374023,Recommended,506900,35091600,Posted: 20 September,all,friartucc,"Overall:Absolutely amazing.  Fun and unique.  The worlds are captivating and fun to explore.  The gameplay is great and has plenty variety in terms of game mechanics and environments to keep the player entertained.  Some of the puzzles are nice and challenging; they force the player to think.  The story develops genuine curiosity and the desire to learn more.  Dialogue with the NPCs is humorous.  Would recommend to anyone (and I have)!Gameplay:The parkour is great.  The game mechanics build on one another and eventually combine to make some nice challenging puzzles.  The combat falls short and was pretty boring, but it's not a main focus of the game so it doesn't detract too much from the overall gameplay.  Would be nice if there were some more complex puzzles that involve moving platforms or timing, or real-time reaction speed.  There is SOME of this, but for the most part you can look at a puzzle and figure out what needs to be done.Level Design:Each world has its own personality and feel to it.  The use of the 4 planets is very creative.  They drastically change certain parts of the world and allow the player to explore new areas.  It would be better if the choice of planet wasn't so obvious, or if there were more places to combine the use of the planets.Story:The few characters that are in the game are very captivating and keep the player wanting to learn more.  The idea to put multiple endings for each NPC was great; it is a nice reward for extra exploration.  The issue is that the endings are quite ambiguous, and the true meaning of the world is never REALLY revealed."
,Recommended,506900,35210715,Posted: 25 September,all,loktar,"This game surprised me, bought it on a whim, (like most games) without expecting too much. It's not as ""good"" as Mirrors Edge my favorite parkour game of all time, however it's pretty good in it's own right.The focus is more on exploration and you can go at your own pace which is nice. If you're a fan of parkour games you should definitely pick this up."
,Recommended,506900,35286115,Posted: 29 September,all,Angry Gamer,"quality indie game with parkour 8/10 wish it was longer tho, apart from that i enjoyed it."
76561198044841209,Recommended,506900,34369136,Posted: 20 August,all,stoolio,"This game is special.It is a relaxing exploration & collection game with a unique style. It is very enjoyable, and while I decided to boot it up to check it out, I ended up playing it for hours. Think like a platformer collectathon.What impressed me the most was the level design. I just kept exploring, and before I knew it, I would be in this crazy lava world climbing a giant talking tortoise. The game has voice acting for a few key characters, along with the protagonist. The writing and acting gets the job done.On my way back to deliver some bones to a talking skull, I would find a path I hadn't noticed before. I guess my skull friend can wait.You will also soon meet a wierd old guy. He lives in a sewer. The sewer is a pretty interesting area. It can act as a home base of sorts, and you can even customize it, adding your own lighting, rooms, and decorations. This part was awesome, and was reason enough for me to go out and collect more cash money to afford the upgrades. The customization had a nice setup of options, but please give me more devs!It has parkour. However, the parkour doesn't have quite the depth of something like Mirror's Edge, but it doesn't need to.You are in this gorgeous world filled with floating islands and rocks, with various biomes. You collect various goodies and explore. Things you can grab are marked clearly, and I see this as a pro in this case.You can run on walls, jump, grab ledges...all the normal stuff. However, you can also drop beacons that you can freely portal back to. You can drop them before you explore a lower area to quickly get back up high, or you can use them to avoid death/retry jumps. There are also floating sprite thingies. I can only use one, and it allows you to get a big boost/double jump.The main collectable is a boxy thing that looks like the item in the logo. It allows you to open various light walls that block your progress.There are statues where you can upgrade various stats, and others where you can ""meditate"". Meditation takes you to a practice area (it's really cool) and there are also time trials you can do to get currency for level ups.There are also enemies. They aren't the most interesting to fight, but they keep things fresh. The major enemies reward you with more boxy light wall openers, so they are definitely worth fighting. You have  a dodge, but its a bit wierd (you can only go forward & back). However, if you take any damage from enemies or falls, there are plenty of save points and healing fountains littered throughout the world. Dying does lose you a bit of your held currency to give it some weight, but it doesn't feel too punishing.I played on a controller. I usually play first person games with a kb+m, but for running type games I like a controller. There are a few precision aim things you need to do, but the controls felt great all around.There are some wierd bugs and other issues, but they aren't a big deal.This review is basically my experience with the game. I went to do something and just started wandering around and really enjoying myself. Try it."
,Recommended,506900,35272031,Posted: 28 September,all,adeilt,"I really liked this game.  The current non-sale price seems low for the amount of work that clearly went into it.  It's fun, it's pretty, it allows me to run around and 3d platform and expand my options for running around and 3d platforming.  Hence, it's pretty unsurprising that I'm into it.  :)"
76561198071626471,Recommended,506900,35221830,Posted: 26 September,all,Eisvogel,"Downward is a relaxed and casual experience, where you can fully enjoy yourself with the scenery and let your inner parkour get out, as you explore and jump around all over the place. Exploration is really rewarding and more often than not, there are multiple paths and ways to get around, sometimes you won't even be sure of the way to your objective.The graphics are quite nice and enjoyable while you are getting your parkour skills top notchIt might not be as games like Mirror's Edge, and it may still need some polishing... but Downward is a gem on its own and it has many points on it's own, and at a very fair price.If you are looking for combat or something like that, this isn't it. There is no combat whatsoever here, even if there are enemies, it's not like you actually fight them attacking them. The game focuses on the parkour and exploration, and so far it has been an amazing experience.There might be a minor thing or two that still needs sorting out, but nothing annoying or that could ruin this great experience so far. So if you are looking for a good exploration game, nice views and parkour... check this out, you won't regret it."
76561198102122353,Recommended,506900,30328044,Posted: 4 March,all,Amadeus,"This game is very promising. While playing the game, I thought, ""This game is like Mirror's Edge and Skyrim had a child."" The  parkour elements of this game are well fleshed out, but the controls need some work. I would reccomend this game to anyone who liked the games mentioned, but the game can be a bit technically demanding."
,Recommended,506900,30213739,Posted: 26 February,all,Mark Mavel,"One of the most beautiful games I have played in awhile. The parkour is easy and smooth just the way I like it. What makes this game hard is not the mechanics, but the obstacles. I am playing with a gamepad and the controls are simple R2 to jump and wall run.The story is kinda hard to follow and I don't always know where I am suppose to go but everything is so fun to look at I mostly don't care. The main charcter has great voice acting too."
,Recommended,506900,28796360,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,OptioN-Silver,Some of the controls are a little clunky and the voice acting and story are little hard to follow but overall the game is pretty good. I completed this version and enjoyed it. The scenary is great and the overall gameplay was enjoyable. Just work on the story and voice acting.
,Recommended,506900,30295404,Posted: 3 March,all,Vespa Brooks,Awesome game cool grapichs might need good computer to have good fps.If you want chill game this is the one.
76561198001464632,Recommended,506900,33636750,Posted: 18 July,all,Kid Cloudy™,"So this is Downward, and I'm reviewing the fully released version.This game has a lot of good things going for it, great graphics, great exploration factors, and a main character who seems to comment on everything that's happening way too late. Overall great game, check out my gameplay footage!https://youtu.be/kNbii0kdPPc"
76561198398848488,Recommended,506900,32734415,Posted: 24 June,all,UltraDrumLover,"UPDATED AFTER FULL RELEASEI'm impressed, positively. This game it's a fusion beetween an rpg, mirror's edge and the talos principle, everithing with a strong platform taste. You go around free in this wasted lands, parkouring and ""fighting enemies"" (you can avoid most of them if you want), collecting objects and improving your character. If you go far too soon there are stronger enemies that kills you, wich is nice, being a platform-parkour game I like that combats are avoidable, and useful only if you need artifacts to explore more.Level Design: I love that you never know if a passage brings you in a small room or in another different ""world"", it gives me a great sense of exploration like dark souls 1. Also the quality of the graphics enhanced the desire to explore.Voice Acting: Nice voice acting, I was in love with the woman's voice that guides you, (spoiler) at least until I saw who she was. The old man its great.Parkour: it is less fast-oriented than ME and more relaxing, more platform. This works ok with metroidvania level design. The difficulty of the parkour is well-balanced, never frustrating and the mark it's an ingenious add, a lot like POP but faster and more useful than the time-mechanicsIn conclusion: I feel that this game it's something that the market needed, it has some small bugs but it seems that the devs are open to feedback and being their first game it's a very good start for me.Worth the price if you like exploring, platforming or the visuals of the game, but don't expect a AAA game for this price (in both negative and posirive meaning)"
76561198061662317,Recommended,506900,33566631,Posted: 15 July,all,Bazzy2077,"First of all this game looks, sounds and plays very well, imo and i'm baffled to see so many negative reviews. The devs are quite active on the forums and reply to nearly everyone that gives them feedback. Also here on the page are patch notes for anything they've done and plan on doing in the future, in regards to fixing and updating this game.So yeah i don't see what many are on about here, especially if we consider the games price..Voice, Characters and Sound:I think the VO is spot on, across the board good actors, sound quality and the humor of the main character, compared to what i've seen from the early access version, is also pretty funny and likable. The other characters VO i came across are on par as well, imoThe atmospheric sounds are very well done, what is lacking is music and certain actions from the mc doesn't seem to make any sound, sometimes.Story:it is all very vague at the beginning, but i get the feeling that one or the other characters are not what they seem to be..They hint quite a bit, but i won't spoil what i think about characters and story at this point.Gameplay:This game would best be described as a first person 3D platforming game with explorationand metroidvania elements. Mechanics get upgraded as you do the story and there are also orbs which are used to upgrade skills. For erxample a doublejump ability on anomalies, a slingshot to other anomalies and so on.The fact that you loose these orbs as you die seems a contention point in the reviews here, but they respawn pretty often so, i see where many are coming from, but honestly you need to backtrack a quite a bit in this game, you might as well get new orbs as you do that.Also the challenges are extremly clever and require a fair bit of skill, this makes the game very replayable, even if you are finished with the main story.Tip:You do not need the focus to use grappling or platforms. This was a thing that bothered me, but the dev team explained to me that it was indeed not nesscery to focus to use these abilities.FYI:If you have problems with motion sickness, you might wanna try the demo first.The combat and dashing has quite a bit of head bobbing and even i, someone that does not have problems with it normally got a bit dizzy after my first play session.Performance:Here lies my biggest complaint about the game so far.I would even go as far as to say there is no optimization in this game at certain spots at this time.An example would be the second statue you come across to upgrade skills.If you turn around to a water spot where you came from the fps drops down to 45, that was the case in all presets i tested and i tested it multiple times, around all of the gameworld.I did put it back on ultra as i didn't saw any reason not to.With a gtx 970, 16 Gig RAM, Intel Xeon Cpu and Win 10 Pro 64 bit i should be able to run this thing at 60 fps in 1080p, the world is not that big and all other games get stable, eventually, so.. yeah.Edit: After the update today  it seems like i gained four to five frames in certain spots, but the game is still extremly hardware hungry and needs futher optimization overall."
76561197998570156,Recommended,506900,33533252,Posted: 14 July,all,GatlingNuke438,"If you can get it to run good, it's a fun little first person platformer, Combat is very shallow though. Worth the $10 for me 7/10"
76561198084476432,Recommended,506900,34821425,Posted: 8 September,all,Kai,"Beautiful landscapes (after going through the first few areas, they are somewhat limited) and rather challenging.I have encountered bugs only very seldom (thrice so far - I got stuck in an object) but quitting/continuing worked."
76561198011980311,Recommended,506900,34373404,Posted: 20 August,all,Cannon Fodder,"Was very fun to play a game where violence was not the only option presented (violence is not even a option in this game). Feels like playing a less polished version of Mirrors Edge, but it was great fun. The game felt a bit short and the plot was obvious from the beginning but will spend some more time doing all the Meditate levels."
76561198028658348,Recommended,506900,30198644,Posted: 26 February,all,coolartist45,"So far so good ! I LOVE IT already , the all thing feels like so coherent and alive.... Valley like with this super twist of Darksiders. CRAKING OPENWORLD! AS SOUNDTRACK !  UP UP UP !!!!! Amasing..."
76561198073865843,Recommended,506900,30208960,Posted: 26 February,all,samhardie00,"lemme say... this is an ea game, but not why you would expect. very polished, great voice acting (not just cookie cutter voices, its different.), no bugs that ive found so far, but the game is just not done yet.i mean like the story is not done.usually ea games are like osiris new dawn, where they want player input, to develop mechanics etc, but i honestly dont understand why this is out on ea, seems unnescesary.still, a great game, worth a play."
,Recommended,506900,30271489,Posted: 1 March,all,Haud yer Wheesht,Great game with an interesting story behind it. Could have some tweeking done to the registering of the parkour mechanics but other then that the game is extremely fun and beautiful. I would also personally recommend some Dark Mossiah mechanics being added to the game to make it more interesting.
76561197995667852,Recommended,506900,33801262,Posted: 25 July,all,Jarbis,"Its pretty good. Combat is akward, but the running feels really good. If the preview looks like a fun game, you'll like it."
76561198007372201,Recommended,506900,33313961,Posted: 6 July,all,Laudrac,Like this game. The jumps and the Parcours are not easy but manageable
,Recommended,506900,33550900,Posted: 14 July,all,Chet_Awesomelad,"[First impressions - Played for about 30 minutes]Downward has some great platforming gameplay and gorgeous graphics, but it suffers from a lack of polish that can be frustrating at times.Sound-wise, the game needs improvement. The VA is passable, definitely, and the music fits, but there are actions that have no sound effects (for example wallrunning makes no sound) and it feels like they should - the game sounds like your protagonist is in a vacuum as the only sound effects you hear most of the time are the character's grunts as he runs and climbs.Gameplay-wise the parkour so far is very good - the level design usually makes the various paths clear and there is a good sense of flow - you rarely need to stop to reorient yourself, you can usually just keep moving. The enemies do have a few attacks that are difficult to see coming or avoid, which I found frustrating.Graphics-wise, the game looks gorgeous, with very good use of lighting and effects. In the game you get to see various alternate versions of the same area, and the devs have used lighting and colour really effectively to differentiate between the different versions of the same place. Unfortunately the game lacks graphical optimisation, and it struggled to run smoothly on my PC which usually has no issue with AAA titles. I had to turn down some of the settings, but even after doing that the game was only able to maintain 50 - 55 fps and not a smooth 60. I think the action in this game would look incredible at a fluid 60 fps so hopefully the devs are still working on optimisation.In its current state I'd recommend this game only if you're a fan of first-person parkour games such as Mirror's Edge, or a fan of third-person platformers like Prince of Persia - but you MUST be very forgiving when it comes to the level of polish that can be expected in an indie game. For everyone else, I think it's best to give the devs a bit more time to smooth out the issues."
76561197971497927,Not Recommended,506900,33530826,Posted: 14 July,all,Aɧŗïɱąąŋ,"I really enjoyed the demo and was eagerly waiting for the full release. But I'm left with disappointment and annoyance after playing the game. Why? the Devs have implemented a ""feature"" in the game that makes you lose Skypieces (floating orbs) if you fail the jump and fall from great heights. Now, these skypieces serve as the game's currency to upgrade your character's attributes and that means if you lose enough Skypieces  you cannot upgrade your character! You'll have to reload previous checkpoint for the orbs to respawn and try the section one more time, with precise jumps so as not to lose the orbs again. This is utterly frustrating and most importantly NEEDLESSLY punishing the players. This gameplay design also subtly discourages players from taking exploration risks, which is in total contrast with what the game's product page says:""Discover:Freely explore and enjoy breathtaking landscapes, reach secret places to collect useful items and hidden treasures.""While some have suggested alternate methods to gain orbs (mainly suitable for experienced players), the important question still remains: WHY to punish players in such a way? What's the gain?Lastly, since this ""feature"" wasn't there in the demo, makes the demo MISLEADING.So in the current form, I cannot play or recommend this game for its flawed anti-player design. I will wait for the Devs to either remove the said annoyance completely or at least make it optional. Else refunding is my only option. That'd be sad because I really wanted to like the game and support this indie game studio."
,Not Recommended,506900,33726894,Posted: 22 July,all,WildCrd007,"I played this game from Early Access and loved what I played. But after playing the full version of the game and completing a couple endings to the story, I feel like this isn't finished. It feels like there are areas left un explored, a few big bugs, and a very short story line which at the conclusion of was very disappointing. Those details were ignored which could have added a lot to the game and made it really great. There are pros and cons to this game but because (for me) the cons out weigh the pros, I am going to suggest not buying this game."
76561198106620896,Recommended,506900,35463773,Posted: 3 October,all,Dan k,Pretty fun but just watch out for lighting issues and under 10 hours of gameplay
,Recommended,506900,33642090,Posted: 18 July,all,Von_Braun,A neat game so far.
76561198086763467,Recommended,506900,33412529,Posted: 9 July,all,jaysunsphone,"With early access comes problems and this game has problems in spades, but I think if they can work out the kinks, they're gonna have a decent game.  Expect the normal EA stuff (some wonky control mechanics, placeholder enemy models, Clipping through the environment, etc), but the worst for me is the broken ""slingshot"" mechanic.   It's a core part of the game and required in order to complete certain parts, but every 5 or 6 times you use it, it launches you halfway across the map.  I also had a helluva time trying to get this thing running at 60fps (GTX 1080, i5 6600k), but that may have been my own issue.   Fore some reason, my monitor was registering at 30hz.   Once I got that figured out, all was good... until the next time I loaded it up and started having issues again.   Oh and when they say the game isn't finished, they don't just mean some tweaks and polish.  The story just stops abruptly with a splash screen telling you they hope to complete the narrative.All in all, it'll be worth a play for sure once it's complete.   It's friggin' gorgeous to look at, at the very least."
76561198026451482,Not Recommended,506900,35255603,Posted: 27 September,all,gannonhuiting,"I really wanted to like this game but I can't. the controls feel very clunky, my character feels slow, and there is no air control (or very little). I really don't like the voice acting. I can take low budget voice acting as long as it is kept to a minimum but they are always talking, and my character is always making grunting noises when jumping, reminiscent of quake only much more annoying.Here is my account:Ok let me see how this game works for me. Ok some jumping puzzles, ok I think I'm getting the hang of this. Man my character is sure talking allot and I hate it but its Ok its the beginning of the game this is fine, I'm sure hell shut up soon. Ok i'm in some kind of surrealist world where there are magical mcguffins everywhere. Ok I can get into it. Man its hard to figure out the significance of all of these things oh well I'm sure it will make sense in time. Hes still talking...Oh cool an enemy with swishing lasers, I bet I have to navigate around it and not get caught in the ... oh the off switch is right there, ok that's fine its probably an example level that's ok I guess. Man are they still talking?Oh no a big monster, better evade him since this is a par-core game and all..... still evading..... still evading. Ok what the heck am I supposed to be doing? Ok Ill let him hit me just for giggles. Ok his back is flashing, I'll.... hit 'E'? ok hes dead. well that was..... anticlimactic. whatever its supposed to be about the running and jumping.Ok a level up....thing where I can spend my points.....what the heck are these options? better focus? um ok I guess Ill get that out of curiosity, and more health? I don't have a problem with health but ok, at least I know what that one does. ok a new area. NOW SOMEONE ELSE IS TALKING TO ME omg the dialogue is worse than the voice acting, errg, I cant skip this I can't jump and i'm moving really slow. Ok this is making me mad now.Its over. ok there are some laser things again. Can't find the switch to turn them off. I'm caught in the beam... oh they just lightly pepper you with slow moving easy to dodge bullets that do little damage.......ok. what am I suposed to be doing here anyway? ok I'm at the top of the thing oh there is a collectable up here. But other than that this area is essentially a dead end. The whole laser climbing thing was just a dead end.Ok whats this way? A big cliff over the ocean. ""jump into the ocean to start your adventure"" ..... um ok..... the ocean has been instant death this whole game but.... fine. ""You passed the level"" I click continue. I then immediately die in the ocean.......whhhhat? response back at the top, ok there is a little outcropping so maybe that way? Just. barley. make. it. Was I even supposed to make that? now I have to do what seems like a jumping puzzle in reverse. Am I supposed to be here?I make it to some weird area full of yet more unexplained magical mcguffins. I click on one that says meditate.Now I'm in a HUGE challenge course thing (I did not sigh up for this).... ok maybe this is where all the running is. I run for a little and go into a glowing thing. now I'm in another challenge course. challenge-course-seption? The challenge courses are nothing but frustratingly difficult with the still clucky controls. I want out, I hit escape, I don't see ""exit challenge"" (maybe it was there I just didn't see it) I see a quit. ""are you sure you want to quit?"". I hope they mean the challenge course. Nope the whole game...... find I'm done."
76561198031273221,Not Recommended,506900,28793410,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sheepscuit,"""Ugh""About sums up the quality of the voice acting, and my opinion on the game, to be honest.+* The game looks very pretty.* The levels seem well designed+/-* The general mechanics and control systems are... ""okay"". There's nothing inherently wrong with it, but it's also not exactly the best, either.-* There doesn't seem to be much of a story. Nothing grips you from the moment you start playing. You're just this guy in a brand new world. That would be fine, however, if your character was either more engaging or just shut up. This brings me onto the next part.* The character. Man, what a load of drivel. He just wouldn't shut the f*** up. ""Ugh."" ""ooh"". ""OOH"". And any other ways of expressing a minor grunt type comment. That was accompanied by rather unhelpful ""tips"" like ""that's not how you do it""... well if he already knew, he could damn well tell us. He could fall off a huge pillar and you'd hear a ""ugh"" as if he'd tapped his leg on a shrub.* The game does a poor job of teaching the mechanics. It's very haphazard and random. It'll introduce some mechanic like the marks, then say ""oh you need an artifact to use that"" then mention nothing about artifacts for ages.* The quality from the developer(s) in regards to grammar, punctuation and spelling is atrocious. My God just run your text through a spell checker first. Multiple, easy words are misspelled, small case 'i' at the start of a sentence etc.* There's no quality in the character development from the NPCs you meet along the way. Everything seems very generic and bland.* The voice acting sounds like some bored teenager got coerced into doing it as a favour. You hear more enthusiastic voicing on a soap opera...Overall - do not recommend..."
,Recommended,506900,33512791,Posted: 13 July,all,Kecel | csgobounty.com,"Although the optimalization (my system does pass minimal requirements) is still not good, it's a good parkour game."
,Recommended,506900,33934515,Posted: 31 July,all,Soggy,Hop hop hop hop sliiiide whoop huphuphup hrumph gasp pant wheeze hop hop hup waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
76561198025595517,Recommended,506900,33531585,Posted: 14 July,all,Zixpk,"Parkour + some Metroidvania + UE4 graphical showcase...and it just works so well :)(Playing on a 980m laptop w/ controller, using a mix of 'ultra' and 'high' settings @ a constant 30fps. If you want that sweet 60 though, you're going to need a fairly beefy computer)"
76561198067140134,Not Recommended,506900,33542161,Posted: 14 July,all,Gluv21,"I want to like this game I really really do the running around is amazing the world design is fantastic. I liek thre parkour moves and the story it all seems to make a grteat package but there are3 things that are keeping me from giving it a positive reviewOptimization.This game taxes my CPU and GPU more then any other game Ive ever played, im playing at medium graphics and its still stuttering and overheating sometimes and I have more then the recoomended specs.LightingPlaying with everything at medium and I cant see ANYTHING in the dark, when im in the underground cavern place ( with the merchant) i litearlly cant see where im going or anything around me, even when i move the brightness up to 2 I can barely make things out. THis part makes the game unplayable for me if I cant see where I am goingGraphics settingsWhy are some setting locked at medium and high I cant turn some options off, with the current performance and optimization issues this needs to be addressed in my opinion.I will be playing this game still and checking back, and the moment I see these issues addresed (especially the lighting one) I will change this review to a positive as it is a good game"
,Recommended,506900,33532522,Posted: 14 July,all,CGSaba,1. Parkour!2. More Parkour!3. Everywhere Parkour!Good Graphics. Good sounds. Good physics!10/10
,Recommended,506900,33038413,Posted: 30 June,all,EPArcher,A-DOOR-ABLE 10/10
,Not Recommended,506900,33919702,Posted: 30 July,all,awesomeandrew169,"The game starts off in a basic manner, teaching you parkore 1 on 1, and helps you feel comfortable with the controls as you move along. You even earn a way to 'quick save' wherever you want in case you mess up, so you can quick key back to that spot. And the first hour or two are intersting enough, keeping your interest and enjoyment for a good chunk of the game.So why don't I recommend this? I'll give a few reasons.1) The game ATTEMPTS to give you a sandbox zone in which you can practice all the different mechanisms found within the game, and rewards you if you beat certain milestones within premade challenges. ATTEMPTS, because these challenges in no way match up to the actual requirements within the game, are way too difficult past the first few, and are not worth you time, since you can just as quickly gather the resources necesary to upgrade your stats.2) Too dramatic of an upscale on the difficulty throughout the game. As I said, it progresses in difficulty, but just wait till you get to some of the later stages. You will literally spend at least half an hour trying to figure out where to go at some points, since you can't see anything. If you manage to find wherever that may be, you are then faced with the incredibly difficult task of GETTING PAST IT. Forget button mashing, that doesn't work here. In a spot where you have to do five things PER ACTION, and there are at least one or two things PER SECOND, and you have to keep this up for at least fifteen seconds of motion and action to get past a certain section of parkore. That is, if you don't mess up. One small mistake?? You'll be grinding that 'small' obstacle for the next half an hour.Get past that headache?? Congrats!!! There's another one like it later up. These challenges become more and more annoying once you reach at least about halfway though the game.3) A BIG ONE HERE. The game glitches. Bad. Sometimes you can't jump, can't dash, can't use your mouse - all of these still work out of the game by the way. It's just the game. I even literally got stuck in a wall once, and had to reload an old save to move on. From my experience playing through the game, be prepared for 2-3 extremely annoying glitches per hour, that you will have to reload an old save/ reset the game/ hope it fixes itself to move on.and 4) The final boss is way too difficult, and is not scaled to AT ALL!!! You go from essentially facing mini easy bosses, to the ultimate GOD MODE boss without any warning, and keep dying. Over, and over, and over again.This game does have some of its merrits. But for the headache - to - enjoyment ratio, unless you enjoy having an increasing feeling of frustration and annoyance - that only deepens as the game goes on - I DO NOT recommend this game. At least not without a lot of relaxing stress relievers throughout."
76561198059342678,Not Recommended,506900,33557288,Posted: 15 July,all,Jake Mistake,"StoryCentering around some abandoned ruins, Downwards story begins with the unnamed protagonist getting contacted by a mysterious voice. While you are at first hostile to the unknown entity, that animosity is overwritten with a rushed sense of trust due to the need to move the plot forward. Soon after, you help the entity by gathering 3 artifacts to place back on the Altar and this forms the most formulaic part of the narrative.From here, you reach the location housing the artifact (usually in its own isolated area), converse with a mysterious old man that tells you a little about the past civilization of that particular location, and return the artifact back to the altar before repeating that 3-step process 2 more times.That forms the bulk of the journey and during this time, the story gets very little development. Downwards wastes the potential to at least tell a interesting tale about the past civilization, instead opting to give the player pretty vague and bite sized pieces of information through the old man’s exposition.Speaking of, the old man himself also showcases the game’s poor narrative. It’s made clear early on that it’s strange for frail old man to be in the abandoned ruins but no time alongside the main plot is spent on trying to flush out both his identity and his origin. Instead we’re just expected to treat him being here as a given.Since these mysteries are really the only thing to latch on to in terms of a narrative for Downwards, the piecemeal way in which they are distributed will likely cause many to lose interest in both the plot and its handful of characters.GameplayDownward is an open world first person parkour game. The map is designed as an open world but it consists of self-contained parkour sections, some of which are optional but most of which you’ll go through over the course of the main plot. The objective is then to get to the finish line and in this game that would be the artifacts you’re looking for.In terms of movement, while you do have the standard move sets like wall running, wall jumping and wall climbing, you don’t get to choose where and when you can do them. These moves instead depend on the color of the wall right in front of you. Blues are for jumping, reds for climbing and oranges for running.By forcing these interactions and having usually only one way to finish a parkour section, the game takes out any semblance of player choice, something I find completely perplexing given its genre. It tries to spice things up by progressively introducing 3 special moves along with the main story, that being a double jump, a slingshot maneuver and the ability to create platforms. However, these special moves can only be done when you’re in certain areas of the map since you need to be interacting with anomalies (strange balls of light) placed in the area. In doing it this way, it doesn’t address the whole issue of no player choice that comes with such a linear design.Downward is going for a more platform feel. Many of its parkour areas involve taking 2-3 moves before landing on a spot and checking your bearings. Areas a more slow and methodical than fast-paced and how much you enjoy this style of play depends on your preference in pacing. Personally, I’d much rather the reliance on fast reflexes but your mileage may vary.  The game also introduces a mini checkpoint mechanic called the Mark. It is essentially a checkpoint you can teleport to at any time in case you fall from great heights but other than the general parkour / platforming, the game also features overly simple combat.I say overly simple for 2 reasons. Firstly, there are only 2 enemies and secondly, both fights have so little depth. One enemy explodes if you get too near it (so just dash away from it to trigger the bomb) and the other enemy can be defeated if you wait for it to do a particular attack. None of these incorporate any of the verticality or level design that comes with the general parkour section of the game. It is literally, walk around the enemy until they do the attack that makes them vulnerable.With very little satisfaction from both combat and general parkour, there is no incentive to partake in the optional obstacle areas even if they do reward you with in-game currency that you’ll use to unlock the progression tree. This is also because the progression tree doesn’t give you anything that will substantially change your playstyle (it’s all just add health, reduce damage, etc).Pros1) decent visuals – expected for a UE4 gameCons1) Scripted level design – no player choice to experiment around2) Lack of any substance in the narrative – plenty of cryptic mysteries with not much else3) Sound effects that lack impact – the player rarely makes thuds on the ground when he’s jumping in succession. It’s often quite silent making it really jarring when you know you’re jumping on concrete after concrete (nitpick)ConclusionDownward is a game that feels like it’s trying too hard to do too many things at once and as a result, it fails to go beyond simple mechanics. From the running, to its combat and there is little unique about this title that’s well executed enough to provide a compelling value. I would only recommend picking it up at 5 dollars.Edit: Originally i had made a wrong assessment on the platforming elements of the game. I was unaware that it was trying to be a parkour platfomer and have since adjusted my review. I'm sorry for anyone that was potentially confused or misled due to my inaccuracy"
,Not Recommended,506900,33543745,Posted: 14 July,all,Tom 1,"Story feels uninspired and tacked on without thought, voice acting is sub par, movement mechanics feel very confined and restricted which doesnt help the parkour genre they want to promote. Combat is unsatisfactory and borderline non existant (dodge attacks then press E to hit weak spot). Upgrades are uninteresting and probably unnecesary (more health, more stamina, more time to do X ability, louder alert sound when X). Looks quite nice though I guess, high recommended specs though which is a shame for some.Overall 4/10, guess you could squeeze some fun out of this if you tried.Probably worth around £1-2 on sale somewhere down the line, dont buy full price."
,Not Recommended,506900,33529882,Posted: 13 July,all,theRoachCoach,Very frustrating and inconsistent controls
76561198009973920,Not Recommended,506900,28985192,Posted: 3 January,all,Bredera - Devil Flower Mantis,"At the moment I cannot recommend this game because the game lacks optimalization the best i get on low fps is around 27  fps at places which can jump up to around 40 fps on high or ultra i get around 22 to 35 to 40 fps, the short time i played the game i must say i enjoyed liked the premise gameplay and overall design of the game, but in this state i cannot play it so i refunded it but I will be back when this game leaves early acces and is better optimized.my specs:ram: 8GBvideo card: Amd Radeon HD 7870 2 ghz editionIntel i7 3770"
,Not Recommended,506900,32715639,Posted: 24 June,all,serton,"So I finally was able to play the game. Every time I go to play the game it requires a large update this has stopped me playing it because I have a slow internet connection. When I finally do get into the game it looks gorgeous handles nicely but then I get through the first portal and onto 'The Path' and then it crashes. My progress is reset so I have to go back to the start of the game and do it all over again and then it crashes, and then again.For a game that, while early access, has been plowing out the updates, maybe they should not focus on so much new content and instead work on getting the game to work."
76561198271823726,Not Recommended,506900,31719286,Posted: 13 May,all,leonacoulter,Never get it. so laggy
,Not Recommended,506900,33442633,Posted: 10 July,all,PupToro,"Refunded in 9 minutes of playtime, early access or not it had terrible stuttering issues and the controls didnt respond as quickly as I would have liked..."
76561197971110081,Not Recommended,506900,32148544,Posted: 3 June,all,Morzileuil,"1.5Go every update almost everyday, come on guys..."
