user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,507490,29969770,Posted: 16 February,all,Tyak,"TLDR:+ good AI+ beautiful graphics+ large armies+ not as twitchy as StarCraft+ good skirmish customization+ viable defenses+ good but not exceptional SP campaign+ good amount of maps- beefy hardware needed- difficult to distinguish units- UI / usability not quite where SC is (yet!)You might like it if you:+ like Supreme Commander+ prefer a slower approach to RTSes+ like comp stomping alone or with friends+ like thousands of units on the screen at the same time.You better skip it if you:- like StarCraft- don't like the SciFi setting- buy the game for its narrative / SP campaign- have a potato for a PC to run this on.It has been said before, but Ashes is quite the spiritual successor to Supreme Commander. The focus is more on the strategic side, rather than the hectic button mashing that is found in StarCraft-like games. Armies move quite slowly, defenses are viable and unit abilities are ""centralised"" in ""orbital"" abilities. Although the game offers a campaign mode and various scenarios, the main focus is on skirmish maps. These skimishes offer a vast amount of options to adjust the rules to your liking (like no air units, defensive bonuses etc.). You can win games by eliminating the enemies HQ or by accumulating victory points by holding special locations. I could swear the AI was adapting its army composition to counter my armies and defenses.The developer is known for supporting their games for a very long time and when you take a look at their design documents, you find that there is still stuff planned in the future:- more tech tiers,- naval units,- overall usability improvementsand more.On the negative side, I find the different units and buildings quite difficult to distinguish. While most of it is due to the fact, that its grounded in science fiction (its not like in Company of Heroes, where a thing that looks like an MG nest is indeed an MG nest and behaves as you think it would), its not clear what a building does just by looking at it. But as times goes by you get used to it.Although you can queue up multiple buildings and units (even on repeatable queues), or order reinforcements directly from the selected army, the overall usability could still be improved. Its not obvious that building blueprints and waypoints can be moved for excample and the different levels of icons shown when zooming out could be better adjusted.Its all rather nit picky though. I am sure that Stardock will keep improving the game!"
,Not Recommended,507490,31572904,Posted: 5 May,all,Monotony,"This is the first review I have ever felt compelled to write. Then again, this is the first game in a long time that has made me this aggravated. The premise of the game is sound and the visual effects are appealing but in the end, the software is simply buggy and incomplete and its apologists paint a false picture of its nature. In my opinion, Ashes of the Singularity: Escalation should still be in beta testing.First, allow me to state that I am a avid fan of Supreme Commander. Like many others, I was enticed by the constant flow of comparisons between Ashes and Supreme Commander and decided to purchase Ashes and judge for myself. Please listen very carefully to me when I say thatthere is no comparison. In Supreme Commander, one may effortlessly conduct their bloody maelstrom of war in true strategic fashion on vast 81x81km maps. One may wield thousands of units in battle over sprawling plains, clear skies, and open oceans. All players are at the mercy of nuclear missiles, long-range heavy artillery, and titanic, robotic colossi designed to reach across the sheer expanse of the most popular maps and touch some poor, naive soul. All of this grandeur could be witnessed at once from a comprehensive, strategic overview replete with toggles for intelligence radii, weapon radii by type, unit movement queues and patrol routes, and locations at which units are taking damage.Ashes of the Singularity manifests very few of the qualities that make a RTS gamestrategic. Instead it heavily favors much smaller, cramped maps with narrow corridors spidering from corner to corner. The game engine struggles and chugs over a couple hundred units rather than thousands. There are no naval units and the ""strategic"" overview, in contrast to that of SupCom, hides all strategic data if one attempts to zoom out to get an actually useful, comprehensive view of the entire battlefield.But I'm not completely irrational. I know that this is a completely different game with different goals and different developers. It would be unreasonable of me to expect a SupCom successor where none was promised. So does Ashes of the Singularity: Escalation present a compelling experience on its own merit? Possibly. I couldn't really say because my gaming experience was so plagued by bugs and annoyances that I was unable to relax, express my play style, and actually enjoy the game.Substrate structures will slowly and steadily take structural damage in certain locations. I have not yet been able to discern a pattern to this. At first I thought it was when a structure was built too far away from a controlled region but I was unable to duplicate the phenomenon with the PHC faction. This is made doubly annoying since Substrate cannot repair structure damage. Maybe I'm an idiot and missed reading about this in the documentation. Maybe it's a ""feature, not a bug.""One may not compose a fleet with multiple dreadnoughts.Fleet teleport reinforcements will not work in a hotkey-assigned group in which more than one dreadnought resides.Substrate fleet teleport will randomly stop working, even without multiple dreadnoughts present in a hotkey group.Newly-constructed factories do not contribute to reinforcements. Want to build forward factories to reduce reinforcement travel time? Tough luck, they won't help unless you build units from each new factory and manually include them in each of your armies. Likewise, there is no algorithm to determine the nearest factories to your army in order to begin construction from these first. Sigh. And again, even factories built directly adjacent to one's starting factories take some time to decide they're actually going to contribute to the war effort.Air units cannot form meta units (armies).The engine is poorly-optimized. I experience huge frame rate drops on lava maps, when viewing air units, or when there are too many units on the field. Considering this game's developers shout and crow about its capacity to produce satisfying, epic clashes between massive armies (as if the maps are even open enough to produce such things), the threshold past which the game becomes unmanageable is far too low.The game often freezes when exiting a match. One selects the ""Done"" button from the post-match report and the software locks up and becomes completely unresponsive. This is even more frequent when one meets a match victory condition and yet decides to keep fighting. Yes, I do this because I'm a vengeful psychopath. Edit 2017-06-11: This now consistently occurs when running the new update and when playing a game with many units in the field. When I save my game and attempt to quit to main menu, the software freezes and I have to force-quit the program every time.The game will crash during particularly long battles. Typically, the screen goes black and the error reporting tool launches. Steam must be restarted because it thinks Ashes is still running.The unit pathfinding is utterly abysmal in the maps in which narrow lanes and corridors are present (which is most of them).There is no option to select army formation shape and/or density. This would have been quite useful given that the game places fragile support units like medics and mobile orbital nullifiersin front ofone's dreadnought in small fleets.And what might be the most infuriating of all, the game will randomly delete save games. When I pause a game to save it, elect to overwrite an existing save game, and then quit the match, neither the original save file nor the new save file are present. The save is simply gone. This bug was the last straw that made me uninstall Ashes of the Singularity and write this review.Edit 2017-06-11: After having reinstalled the game to test the new juggernauts update, I encountered another bug. After a long and drawn-out battle involving four teams of two players each, units from one of the enemy players are impervious to damage from my PHC defensive structures and will only take damage from my mobile units. For example, I had a defensive emplacement of 13 Oblivion cannons and many Barrager turrets focusing fire on a single Drone Hive for 3-5 minutes until I directed a small fleet to kill it. My five Air Eliminator turrets perpetually fired on two Punisher aircraft with no effect until I called in some Fury fighters. If the aforementioned bugs in this list don't break the game and nullify my play style, this bug surely does.I desperately want this game to get its♥♥♥♥♥♥together. I love large-scale battles, I love sci-fi, and I love true strategic planning. But in its current state and with the issues described above (and more), you will find none of these things in Ashes despite the marketing claims. I do not recommend Ashes of the Singularity: Escalation."
,Recommended,507490,34017215,Posted: 4 August,all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Fun RTS with ample playtime.Favorite Thing: The dreadnoughts and huge army sizes were really fun to managed. Thankfully they put in togglable game speed.Least Favorite Thing: You can't form armies with multiple dreadnoughts. This resulted in me having a single army hot-keyed with other dreadnoughts. The ""loose"" dreadnoughts tended to get way ahead of the pack.Date Completed: 2017-08-04Playtime: ~ 35h (All four campaigns)Enjoyment: 8/10Recommendation: I really enjoyed it. The story was a little light but I otherwise enjoyed it and the gameplay. So, yes!"
76561198032911414,Recommended,507490,30750167,Posted: 26 March,all,R4bisco,"Well... after I saw a few reviews talking bad about this game I had to do my review. After 26 hours of gaming:PROS:- No Unit Cap. Freaking awesome han?- Each ""race"" have 16 uniques types of units (yes, less than Supreme commander)But lets talk about this.... every units have it's role. you wont stop building the first ones because you have ""upgraded ones"". They are still very useful and works awesome with a good strategy.- Great IA to split groups per armies- Upgrades for Unit Health, Damage, Radar and Building Heath. (I still didn't found a cap for this one)- Great controls. Zoom in and out of the battle field using scroll. Command your army from the top windows so you don't need to keep looking at your army.- Very good graphics and battles.- Good trama in singleplayer campaign- Multiplayer is great. You can set a auto match and you will join a 1x1 match in average time of 3 minutes.CONS- Freaking high demand (so I would not to buy if you have less than recommended settigs)- Only 2 races- No sea units.This reminded me of my golden ages when playing Startcraft.So far I can only recommend this game."
76561198035554883,Recommended,507490,28204294,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Quesocito,"Escalation is a stand alone expansion to Ashes of the Singularity. Includes all the same campaigns as vanilla Ashes as well as extra content. Dont buy vanilla Ashes just go straight for Escalation, you are seriously missing out on nothing by buying Escalation without getting vanilla Ashes.Great strategic focused game, more emphasis on the greater strategic plan compared to more tactical intensive games like Starcraft, although there is still a lot of tactical options.Territories with resources must be linked to generate resources, so that opens up nice options for attacking an enemy behind their front lines, and cutting off their supply lines, using a wide variety of orbital abilities.Wide variety of units and buildings between the two factions, means both factions play differently to one another but are still easy to learn to use.Compared to Supreme Commander Ashes plays very similar to but at a faster pace but not so much that it becomes an issue of actions per minute means victory.Multiplayer is alive and kicking. I play 2-3 matches per day (lasting ~30 minutes each) and the most i have to wait in ranked queue is 4 min on a bad day.Continuous development from the devs means only more good things to come. So even now, we have a entirely new tier of super heavy units coming out soon, as well as additional units for each tier currently available, from Frigates to Dreadnaughts and even naval units in the near future.As of June, we now have two massive new units (one for each side). They are called Juggernauts, were added to the game for free, add yet another dimension to the game and apparently another few are on the way. So the game just keeps getting better and better.."
76561197973637770,Recommended,507490,29668026,Posted: 3 February,all,Marky G,Ashes is a good game and has great potential.  It feels like Sins of a Solar Empire and Supreme Commander mixed together which is awesome as I really liked Sins and Supreme Commander is one of my favorite games!  There are a few things I would like to see added to the game in future updates.  More factions is a must!  It would be nice to have the ability to build some kind of shield generators.  Also more building upgrades and definitely upgrades to metal and radioactive deposits so you can produce more resources.  Overall its a good game and hopefully in time with awesome updates will become one my my favorites!
76561198102170225,Recommended,507490,34001610,Posted: 3 August,all,Heretic00,"No unit cap, no unit is OP, there are unit variations between factions. You can make the game as complex as you want it and sometimes it goes a lil farther. only problem with this game is how few people know about it."
,Recommended,507490,26528506,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Lady E,"This is the RTS I've been looking for.  I used to play Supreme Commander for years and enjoyed it a lot. Still a great game.  I used to play StarCraft 2 until it became a total clickfest.Ashes:Esc is a big RTS game.  Its pacing is a lot more reasonable than StarCraft but I do get some action a lot faster than I remember getting in SupCom.The game has 3 different single player campaigns along with a pretty good single player skirmish mode with AI players that seem pretty well thought out.I have not had time to play through the campaign but from what I saw, it looks like it has an engaging story.  I have not tried multiplayer yet. I am not really a multiplayer person so someone else will have to vouch for that.What I like about this game is that it seems to have a strong single player element that is often missing from games in this genre.The learning curve was easy for me but I did not like the right-mouse button drag the map feature. Luckily, you can change that but I think they should make middle mouse button drag be the default like it is in SupCom.  I also felt like some of the buttons in the UI are too small. I will memorize the hot keys but for a new player, it's tedious to have to find the smaller buttons. I hope they update that.I am looking forward to playing this more but I think it is safe to say that anyone who likes real time strategy games is probably going to like this."
76561198017269959,Recommended,507490,26606102,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Rico,"Been buying and playing RTS since the first ones appeared in the 90's (yes I'm that old !).  But lately, they have been much the sameness and repetitive with nothing original. Ashes appeared and looked different. Waited for the reviews and became dissapointed again. Although mostly positive, most mentioned potential was missed due to lack of depth. Then heard that the devs had listened and Escalation was born. Decided to jump on board and see for myself. Went through the turorial, played a quick skirmish against the AI, and now ploughing through the campaign. Verdict = a big thumbs up. Graphics are incredible. A great spread and variety of units that are mostly meaningful. Love the concept of putting units into individual armies, pointing them in the right direction and letting them ""off the leash"" without the micro management that would be virtually impossible with the amount of units this game can handle and produce. Still learning the game so cannot comment on the AI at the higher difficulty levels, but on normal I am finding it a good challenge. At this stage will give this a 10/10.Edit: Played another skirmish against the AI and bumped up the difficulty to hard and can now say the AI is definately challenging ! In previous RTS games, I have never experienced an AI using feint assaults by sending in forces to attack my front, hold them in place, entice my reinforcements to support the frontal defence and then, when engaged, to attack on both flanks. This game promises to give me many hours of game time (and cursing !).Still 10/10"
,Recommended,507490,27907436,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,yoman,"Those who expect a SupCom FA clone on multicore/64 bit will probably still be disappointed, as Ashes of the Singulartiy: Escalation is in good spirits but really different.It takes some getting used to, for me personally it plays like DoW1/CoH combined with a SupCom-like RTS at massive scale.The improvements over the vanilla version are great and certainly worth the 19,99 if you already had Ashes."
,Recommended,507490,32722629,Posted: 24 June,all,tg23399,"The true spiritual successor to the supreme commander franchise, at least, when compared to acertaingame *stares at PA:T*==EDIT : Made review more in-depth==I've been a huge fan of the supreme commander franchise (I still have and play SupCom FA, and refuse to delete it from my harddrive and backups), and when AOTS first came out, it piqued my interest. The decision to discontinue the original and move on to escalation was.... questionable to me, but their decision to respect and appreciate us customers by giving free copies to those who had the original and having a season pass program to those that bought both was good enough to not make me rage *once again stares at PA and PA:T*Moving on though, I have no regrets buying this game at all. Sure, the startup load time is crazy long, but its worth it as any loading after that is close to nothing. This means you can jump into the campaign and keep playing without having down time due to loading. The battles are immense and spectacular. I'd probably enjoy it more if my computer were more powerful, but even on medium-low I'm loving every bit of it. The campaign also seems to be decently long. I haven't had the chance to play all of it yet, but so far its been fun, engaging, and time well spent. I also must say that I absolutely love the meta-unit (or ""form army"") feature of the game. It makes large scale battles so much less of a fuss, and the AI is (usually) smart at handling the army compositions. As an avid RTS player, the game feels fresh, yet somehow familiar. If you're new to the RTS genre, the learning curve may be a bit steep and punishing, but once you get the hang of it, trust me you'll be hooked. As a loyal SupCom fan, I love that the stream economy is back on - its harder than you think guys ;) -There were a few things I didn't like, though. First of all, and perhaps most insignificant, was the overall UI. Maybe I'm just ignorant and didnt look through the manual well enough, but I disliked how certain abilities/build orders had keyboard shortcuts, while a huge portion of them (in the subsequent tabs) didn't. It felt weird to be able to rush extractor constructions, yet I had to manually click and place factories and the lot. Perhaps a bit of advice I could give to the devs is to implement a ""build mode"" toggle, which then keybinds all build orders to allow more efficiency, but have it out of the way when not needed (would not be fun to accidentally build 25 engineers when all you needed was an orbital strike in the heat of battle). I also felt like something was missing, and it was down to the mouse and pointer UI. It's just personal preference, and im being a bit nitpicky here I admit, but the lack of unit highlighting when you mouse over them made selecting and attacking feel a bit strange and.... unconfirmed.The only bigger issue I have would probably be how (so far at least) the campaign missions seem to be very rush-requiring. I guess it boils down to how the resource and territory capture system works, and at the end of the day its just me finding difficulty leaving my comforting turtler shell, but failing to be aggressive and rapidly expanding territory will be extremely punishing.All in all its a solid game with much room to grow. I only wish more people would turn their heads and look this way because the playerbase is way too small for a game of this quality.== Summary ==What I liked:- Efficient loading- Grand battles- Effective Macromanagement system- Decent campaign- Stream economy systemWhat I didn't like:- A few bits of the UI could be improved to feel more reassuring- A bit too rush-oriented for my tasteScore:8/10 - Solid!"
76561198023519631,Recommended,507490,29563719,Posted: 29 January,all,Psytric,"Seems similar to the original game but somehow a lot more fun.  The AI is quite clever, and it's refreshing to be playing against skilled AI instead if pure resource-boosted enemies.Netcode seems solid, I started a private game, and had my friend on LAN join.  We live in China, and multiplayer is often a problem because there are rarely servers on the mainland.  However,  the netcode was smart enough that even though the invitation went through steam, the connection must have been local because there was absolutely zero lag.Gameplay is fun, macro vs micro.  There are no abilities for units, just overall strategy.  Scope is large, like SupCom, only it runs like a dream, even with several thousand units on screen.I wasn't happy with the original, but enjoying this version quite a bit."
76561197984630089,Recommended,507490,33057789,Posted: 30 June,all,Seredin,"As someone who has been playing RTS since the dawn of computers, I can recommend this game wholeheartedly to any fan of the genre. It is one of the best strategic RTS games I have ever played.If you are drawn to the strategic level of Starcraft 2 but don't enjoy the high APS (actions per second) required micro for high level play in SC2, then this game will shine for you.With the most recent changes (patch 2.2) the game has more breadth and depth than ever before. The unit roles are more clearly defined, and mixed unit compositions are worthwhile, although you have to adapt to your oppositions ""leanings"" in your own unit mix as well.Ashes encourages fighting and expanding on multiple fronts simultaneously, and accomplishes this by encouraging the use of ""armies"" that are treated as one unit by the computer in battles that can be assisted by the player using ""orbital"" weapons, but the units themselves need minimal micromanagement. Furthermore, like most RTS games, there is real tension between developing your infrastructure and pushing out enough units to make headway for raw resources.TL;DR If you enjoy strategic RTS, you shouldn't miss this one. If you prefer micro, Ashes might not be your ideal game."
,Recommended,507490,30744532,Posted: 25 March,all,DrownedSailer,The main reason i play this RTS over all the others has to do with that army system. I HATE micro managing units. Its boring and tedious. THis game intruduces a concept where you group together units into an army which is micro managed by the AI. Makes the game a lot more fun imo.
76561198055853811,Recommended,507490,31990659,Posted: 27 May,all,Roscoe,"Cool game, decent successor to Total Annihilation. Honestly controls are a bit hard to manage, Would like to be able to zoom out more, icons on units display inconsistently. Game-play is interesting and strategy involved but not overly complicated. If you like Total Annihilation style games like Supreme Commander or Planetary Annihilation, get this game. This game does not significantly improve on the theme however, I don't expect it to entice players who would not have been interested in other epic scale strategy.If you like to out-micro your opponents, find another game. This game focuses on high level strategy. Fun and easy going. Good single player campaign."
,Recommended,507490,28740703,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Garrun,"This is the best RTS currently under active development.  If you are looking for the successor to TA, Supcom:FA, and Supcom2, this is the one you want to support.  It is a lot of fun right now, with a great engine and AI, and it gets a bit better every month.  Check out the 12/16 dev diary for an idea of where they are going with it:http://forums.ashesofthesingularity.com/481063"
76561197989084563,Recommended,507490,28165984,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Pharithos,"Great game! I'm always happy to see a new entry in the RTS genre.  This is definitely for fans of Sins of a Solar Empire and Supreme Commander / Total Annihilation.  I wish that Planetary Annihilation had gameplay as tight as this. Visuals are wonderful, the optimization is great.It's hard. TBH I have hard time with both this and the prior entry -- Ashes sans Escalation.  They're hard to keep up with the multitasking vs AI.  And I probably suck. But I always felt more competent at SC than these.I have only two complaints -- unit ... style.  Everything is a damn hoverbot lol.  I want mechs!! I want tanks and walkers and cars n buggies and all that great stuff. One of the best things about SC was the Cybran ships that sprouted legs and beached up on land to become beastie mechs.  In this....everything floats.  The other beef -- also visual only -- is that there's not enough scale. I know that even the smallest units in this are supposed to be huge and the biggest units are massive, like spaceships that hover on land.  But --- give us trees! Tiny little trees! More scale would make it feel more epic.Other than those two minor things, everything else is phenomenal. Nice music, good AI, very good pathing, resources are good and the node idea feels unique and well constructed. Great RTS."
,Recommended,507490,26531887,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Around999People,"~~Updated 11/25/2016 at 5 AM~~I have roughly 70 hours put into the original version of the game, would be more but I've been busy. And from my few hours of gaming today I know I am hooked!So, originally I opened it before class, played a custom game and just did whatever, learning the new units and mechanics.At first the new UI threw me off, but then I realized how it becomes super easy to understand after some time. Anything to do with planet wide numbers goes top left, units bottom right, abilities and building things bottom and everything else on the left. It's easy to understand and use and I love it.So, after the game I got off and went to school and had a test. Ended up getting a migraine, and instead of sleeping I get on the game because I had waited for months for it. Now, with a migraine and being sleep deprived I expected maybe one 14 player match, well... it got out of hand.The game is amazing and frankly it's addictive. I played a single player game on a 14 player map, I then tried the new campaign and wow... I finished half of it and I don't want to sleep! I keep coming back to the game day after day, hour after hour and I still love it as if I just picked it up. I'm still excited to play the game.The story is much better than I expected TBH. I won't give spoilers here but it's defiantly worth doing imo. And even if you're just into single player you have a lot more options now. You get to turn on or off different settings and speeds to make each game the way you want it. Want to have no air units? Do that! Want  resources faster? Do that. Want to only get metal faster? You can do that to any resource. Seriously, on top of everything else that's just amazing.Yes, there are things I'd love to have, like even more game options, but honestly that's like putting icing on the icing we already have.So, I say the game is a strong 9.5/10Not a 10/10 due to some small bugs which don't really matter but seem to come up often enough for me. Which I have reported.~~~Update: 8/25/17 3:44 Am~~~I was playing earlier and something amazing happened which I've never before seen nor have I ever even hear for in other games.My army is being hammered by artillery fire from the enemy as it pushes forward when BAMN! One of the artillery shots connects with an AIR unit. I was so stunned I didn't even get to record it!"
,Recommended,507490,29034514,Posted: 5 January,all,Specialist White,"A fun experience with problems.The Good:Large scale conflict that runs on my potato with few issues.Fairly decent campaign with fairly interesting characters and missions.Hover armies have grown on me.Decent selection of maps.Good selection of units between the factions, even if their roles are unclear in the text box.Army system where units are organised into armies and will micro themselves accordingly (I never use the queue for brining in certain troops to an army however, I prefer to be using my factories at all times making a collection of units and counters.)PHC macross missile massacre supported by the big rail guns.Substrate laser and plasma fun times with drones galore.The Bad: (I like the game enough to complain about it constantly)Orbital abilities that cost little to nothing, as you'll want the 'quanta' resource for upgrades anyway.No ability to switch the orbital abilities to support only, it's either all, no nukes or nothing.No warning when an opponent uses an ability near you, even when in strategic view mode. (Like a warning sign and stuff might be nice!)Orbital abilities divided into several structures and have no clear icon in strategic view when you spot these important enemy structures.Strategic view is mostly unhelpful at picking out dangerous forces or targets for the player, so everything can kinda blur together if you have inexperience.The AI has a tendency of throwing it's game away by overspending on advanced defences and 'quanta' generators rather then fighting for map control.Advanced defences have no clear counter as they beat the traditional artillery counter, often beat dreadnoughts and utterly slaughter frigates and cruisers.Some maps are unbalanced in regards to territory lines.Territory lines are hard to see, making territories very hard to find in the fog of war. (It's possible to finish a 2 hour mission only to find an extra metal territory right next door!)Many campaign missions, if not all, are set upon skirmish maps. (They did a good job in spite of that however, loved the highland static defenders with the fifty billion turrets and no AA!)Upgrades feel arbitrary, show no indication on units that they have been upgraded for the player or their opponent to see, but feel damn near essential to beating enemy advanced defences.Audio bugs are present giving a disturbing 'underwater' sound or static when playing.Other audio bugs often give a loud beep noise that sounds like a windows error, and can be terrifying when engrossed in the game.There are no audio settings for turning ambient sounds down other then the master sound control. Leaving the game with the sound of wind or random birds in the background.Unit balance feels a bit off (Could just be me), with frigates being utterly worthless past the first few minutes of a game, multiple units on a side being geared to fighting the same unit type (Like 3-4 different units that counter frigates.)Substrate forces being generally better then their PHC counterparts (That could just be me.)Substrate getting army annihilating defences, when PHC has nothing remotely as effective. (In my opinion.)Strategic bombers that have a HUGE amount of HP that, in a twist of irony, most AA static defences struggle to kill. (Guess only fighters are good against them?)Unit bugs where many forces seem to sit around and not fire at enemy targets they are clearly engaged with. (Even when fully charged by medics and power charging frigates.)UI bugs where pressing A to attack move can often deselect the current army and then stay trying to order an attack move to units that don't exist.UI where selecting units and buildings to place can often not go through.Sometimes orders aren't given. It's often unclear what building you have selected when placing structures. Placing buildings does not feel very nice and is often sluggish to move across the screen (Could be a problem with my frame rate?) The inability to drag out a line of structures to queue them up (Like wanting to drag down a line of turrets or 'quanta' generators.)Managing your macro can often be a pain, as there is only one structure you can build at a metal/radioactive deposit, and only one above a power point yet you must select the structure type from the menu to build these structures. A simple click on the deposit with an engineer could be more efficient. (Not that big of an issue.)There are likely many more issues that I have told myself over the past week of playing this game, but I can't remember them right now and haven't struck with me quite like these.But as I said above, I do genuinely like this game, so much that I want to complain even more! This game is more of a continuation of the evolution of the large scale RTS and I really like the Army system.It's has it's share of problems, and I'm personally not a fan of the current direction of the game with a planned tier 4 and possibly even tier 5 of units, nor am I a fan of the turtle style of play as I see it as a boring way to lose/win the game in either case.This is a fun game however, with most of the games management in the macro side of setting up resources, static defences for your outposts and to prevent bomber shenanigans, lining up your factories to produce the mix of forces you think you are going to need and finally sending off a fully managed group of hover boats to get stuck in the conflict. It's great and I recommend it if you love games like Total Annihilation, Supreme Commander 1 and 2 or even Planetary Annihilation!"
76561198296880776,Recommended,507490,31927711,Posted: 23 May,all,Destructor,Great game if you got the PC to run it.  Enjoy the pace compared to SC.  More strategy less micro.
76561198100835330,Recommended,507490,34339360,Posted: 18 August,all,spleenshark,"AOTS takes a long time to really get to grips with, but you'll be glad you did. The game has been slowly and constantly improved since release, developing into a clever RTS that's quite distinct from anything else out there. Rewards forward planning and macro strategy, which is great because I can't micro to save my life. Soundtrack could use some expanding. Skirmish AI is exceptionally good and can put up a solid fight without cheating."
76561198005580656,Recommended,507490,27533011,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blanks,"I am a long time casual real-time strategy player.  I really enjoyed Ashes of the Singularity in its vanilla state, but this expansion adds a strategic overview that really enhances gameplay for those of us who don't like to measure our skill by 'APM.' This RTS is a breath of fresh air from a genre that is increasingly exclusive to certain types of players."
76561197970886956,Recommended,507490,34541428,Posted: 27 August,all,Ziggitz,"Overall a solid entry in a the Total Annihilation sub genre of Real Time Strategy games.  Graphically the game can be a little cluttered but that is largely down to the epic scale that is core to the game play and is something that is handled well by the abstraction of the GUI that occurs when zoomed out far enough.  The design choices are not brave, largely refining existing game play from titles like Supreme Commander but what it does it does very well.  Like other titles in this sub genre the single player is very satisfying marrying the concepts of real time strategy with large scale strategy, however multiplayer is dulled greatly by the unlikeliness of comebacks and a very large gap between both identifying when you have won or lost and the actual conclusion of the game.  I feel like the game would have been better with fewer global abilities and tying global abilities into the same resource pool as upgrades was a poor decision that does not work in multiplayer with too many branching decision points and a serious resource inflation problem.The game is designed to be played at a much slower pace than other RTS's with very low movement speeds barring air units.  Your chances of success is dependent on advanced scouting, securing resources and setting up reinforcement lines.  There is little room for micro management outside of the first ten minutes of a game as you are incentivized to group your units into armies that bind your units into a formation.  While the very early stages of the game might play like Supreme Commander the late game is reduced to the strategic depth of a total war game with resource management and buildings.  Additionally the granularity of unit choices feels off, each building will have 3-15 unit choices each, with your economy only being able to support 3-4 buildings generating units at a time and a very long reinforcement pipeline.  It makes it very difficult to anticipate what you will need and core support units only being produced once every few minutes.  This results in situations where you have the wrong unit composition and can discover this fact several minutes before you will suffer the consequences of it with no way to address it,I highly recommend the game as a single player experience but I personally will not be investing a lot of time into the multiplayer."
,Recommended,507490,26579768,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Etherlight,"I'm a long time fan of epic RTS like Supreme Commander, Sins of a Solar Empire. So I was really excited when the developer of Sins released Ashes of Singularity in April. Unfortunately I was quite dissapointed at the time because the game was very simplified and all it comes down to is building blubs of units and pushes the blubs back and forth on the map. After playing for about two hours I requested a refund.I decided to give it another try after the developer gathered enough feedbacks from vet RTS players and released Escalation. I'm more satisfied this time around as there are more variety of specialized units and more different tactics you can employ. The defense structures are more boosted that makes it less tedious and frustrating to hold key strategic positions. It plays a lot like Sins of a Solar Empire Rebellion now, although it is not in space the spirit of the gameplay is truly there, something I couldn't say about the original Ashes. It is not quite a Supreme Commander sequel, instead much more like Sins in terms of the feel and the flow of the game.Graphically it is a treat as I'm a big fan of giant energy beams flashing back and forth, the scale of the battle is truely epic even in short skirmishes. The AI is very smart and competent, a rare thing in modern RTS's when most developers don't care much about single players anymore. I also like a lot the new strategic zoom which is very easy to use.I think a few things can be improved. The audio is meh and I wish I can play custom music. and there is no random map generator, a thing I really liked in Sins, but according the the developer that is because most of the machines today don't have 64GB RAM required for a RMG. I also wish I can land the air units because they circles when idle and is quite difficult to select with mouse.These are small complaints but the overall game is quite good and worthy to recommand now. If you are a fan of Sins of a Solar Empire then you can't go wrong buying this one."
76561197972830531,Recommended,507490,29684897,Posted: 3 February,all,Ghanem,"Wildly exceeded my expectations.  Coming from Supreme Commander:FA I wasn't sure what to expect.  The gameplay is a bit  different than SC:FA but extremely fun.  I play only single-player and the AI is challenging.  Running OC'd i7-920, 12gig RAM, OC'd GTX980 and the game is extremely stable and fluid, with all settings on High.  Enjoyed a game tonight with almost 4k units on field and there was no perceptible slowdown or hitches.  The graphics are amazing -- it is very rewarding to make large armies collide just to view the amazing light show that results.This is an extremely fun game well worth the asking price, especially if you already have the original AotS.  I hope Stardock continues to improve on it and continue to push the envelope of PC gaming.EDIT:  Wanted to mention too I'm running DX12 with very impressive performance.  As mentioned, all settings on high, with VSYNC enabled and I believe I'm getting 60+ FPS since the framerate never halves.  I was worried since I'm not running an AMD card, which apparently is more optimized for Async Compute, the latter which AotS leverages heavily.  The fears were unfounded, however, as I could not ask for better performance with the nVidia GTX980."
,Recommended,507490,26561959,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BioAnagram,"This game runs very well with extreme amounts of units on the battlefield at once.  I've played 14 player FFA games vs computer opponents with well over ten thousand units active on the map at once with no perceptible slowdown.  The nitrous engine which was developed for this game by oxide studios is amazing- the AI gets it's own CPU core instead of being forced to calculate everything between frames (the typical method used for AI to keep system requirements down).  This leads to an astonishingly capable AI opponent on normal difficulty.  It will flank, it will change builds and tactics if it sees weakness, it, it will attack from several directions at once.  I can obliterate the most powerful AI in Starcraft 2 with ease and I find this AI challenging on normal difficulty.  You can of course turn the AI down until you're ready for more challenge, but the point is that it's extremely entertaining for a solo player and a good option for leveling up your skills for multiplayer.The game is beautiful in scope as well as vision, you can have five mega battles involving hundreds of units in each battle happening simultaneously.  The strategic zoom makes this easy to manage and easy to que up and move even larger armies into position.  This game is similar to supreme commander in that respect, although supreme commander still has them beat on variety of units and structures.A few disclaimers:I haven't played the campaign for this expansion, but the campaign for the first ashes was lackluster in some respects.  I enjoyed it, but it could have been improved.  I've heard that the campaign for this sequel is better, but still a bit underwhelming in general.Be aware what kind of game this is.  It is strategic rather than tactical.  You manage many large armies of units rather than the clickfest of microing each individual unit.  You COULD micro each individual unit and this is somewhat helpful in the very early game, but it will quickly become pointless due to the sheer numbers you would have to manage.  Macro is the skill you need for this game.  You outproduce and counter builds to win.  Flanking an enemy force is also desirable as they will naturally put meat shield type units to the front and higher dps units behind them (you can select a group of units and click a button to get them to self organise into an army group).  Massive sneak attacks and breakthroughs along a large front are things you need to worry about.  Losing units means little; losing resource nodes can be devastating.Finally, there are still some bugs with the game.  I have never experienced anything remotely game breaking, but occasionally unit pathing will screw up and cause individuals to get caught up on terrain.  It ends up meaning nothing in the general scheme of things unless it's something massive like a dreadnought, but it's still annoying."
76561198003074040,Recommended,507490,31147517,Posted: 14 April,all,Jizz flavored fart bubbles,"I'm a big fan of RTS games and this is one of my favorites.  Less micro, more macro.I do not typically write reviews, but I would love to see more people playing this one.If you enjoy RTS games and you don't want something that has to be timed to the second (looking at you Starcraft 2), this is a game for you."
76561198126668943,Recommended,507490,34872972,Posted: 10 September,all,bbc6rgf 57 ytty5 y xy w5gt,"At the time of this review I've put in 159 hours in the base game and 115 in Escalation, which is a lot of time for me so I definitely think it's a good game.CampaignThe campaign's story is fairly average but the missions are enjoyable and there's quite a few of them. The developers added a free campaign a few months ago that also introduced a new unit class.SkirmishThe best part of the game in my opinion. Has lots of options so players can configure it how they want, more resources gained from each extractor, faster build speeds and options to restrict units and orbital abilites being examples. Game speed can be sped up, slowed down and orders can even be given while the game is paused.AIAI is quite good by RTS standards, it's better than the AI in Supreme Commander Forged Alliance, Supreme Commander 2, Planetary Annihilation Titans and both Halo Wars games. At the moment it appears that the Substrate AI is better because it can utilise the unlimited storage Substrate have effectively. The game doesn't have sim speed slowdown either which is great.GraphicsThe weapon effects from units look fairly good but they are all energy weapons so no shells or bullets at the moment. All units are hover units too, the 3rd faction (whenever it comes out) will supposedly alleviate those 2 issues, but that could be subject to change. Unit models are pretty good but it seems like the models could be a bit sharper (maybe I'm over taxing the GPU). Maps look ok but they are a bit bland, the lava/volcanic maps are the best looking in my opinion. The game is supposed to get better graphics sometime in the future.MapsThere's a big selection of maps even without any DLC. There's 6 different biome types: Terran, Desert, Frozen, Volcanic, Crystal and Turinium. There's also 6 map sizes: 12, 24, 36, 48, 72 and 96KM, the bigger maps are gigantic and can support up to 14 players. The game has a map editor but it can be buggy at times.Performance/StabilityMy i5 4690K and RX 480 have no issues playing the game in 1440p with high settings, DX12 gives me the most FPS at the moment with Vulkan only a couple less. I think DX11 gives the best performance for Nvidia cards. I would recommend a 4 core CPU and GTX 760 or higher to get decent performance in 1080p. Lower end hardware can run the game but it might not be as enjoyable. It does take a while for the game to start up but doesn't have load times after that, an SSD takes start up to only a few seconds. I've only had 4 crashes in Escalation so stability has been good for me, I've heard that the game doesn't like overclocks though.UnitsAt the moment there's air units i.e bombers, fighters, scout planes and gunships, Frigates, Crusiers, Dreadnoughts and Juggernauts (all land units), with more to be added later on this year. I think there's naval units going to be added sometime next year.MultiplayerThere's a small but dedicated community that frequently hosts tournaments. There's replays, observer mode and the game gets regular balance updates.ModdingBasic mods can be easily made and the developers have been constantly improving modding support the last few months and are continuing to, with plans to add workshop support eventually.Things I'd like to seeI'd like to have more props/architecture added to maps and the map editor.Option to add neutral units and buildings on the map.A radar that works like Supreme Commander'sShieldsAir transportsGame mode where you can build multiple Nexus (maybe the spawn point of a defeated enemy) and you only get defeated if they're all destroyed.The game has improved a lot over the last few months and by the looks of it will continue to do so."
76561197973388512,Not Recommended,507490,29287555,Posted: 15 January,all,dosadi,"I also have 260 hours in the original ASHES game (which is basically the beta version of the game, only they manged to make us pay twice for a still barely finished game :( )This game has big potential, however I can not recommend it. Unit control has problems, Balance has issues (I.e 1 of 2 races has ZERO economy management now, its basically MICRO vs NO MICRO/THOUGHT. So many gamers these days want to do nothing while they watch the AI perform for them. However, one race is micro/thought heavy, while one is not. And its unfair (and boring). Wish this game could reach its potential. But basically after buying this game twice, I am still not happy. Now I refuse to play this game until it becomes worth playing and they sort their directive out.There are other minor issues but UNIT/AI control is a big game breaker, also the infinite resource hack for substrate kills the game.UPDATE : seems like a lot of people are reviewing this game after playing it for 2-10 hours, like that should be any indication that the game is good? ridiculous."
,Recommended,507490,28734724,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NikkaTrunk,"I just picked this up two nights ago (of course during the winter sale, ftw), and it has consumed my life. I have never felt so threatened by an AI before, but this game will make you think twice about every decision you make. Definitely a must if you enjoy RTS."
76561198058271076,Recommended,507490,26581477,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,DasUnding,Escalation is a great improvement of the base game Ashes of The Singularity. It is a stand alone expension.What you get is a great multiplayergame with a singleplayer campaigne in order to make you ready for the multiplayer. The game is always in development and the developer listen to community feedback. I think if you like RTS games like C&C and Starcraft you get a nice multiplayer game with Escalation for a cheap price. I think if you like games like Dota you will also have fun with the game because of the orbital abilities we have in the game.You can play it relaxed or competitively in the ladder. The playerbase is growing and the people more and more understand the gameplay in multiplayer which increases the gameplay experience a lot.I think simply try the game out. You will have a learing curve but an easy access to the game. What you have to consider is that you need a fairly good graphics card to play the game properly.
76561197978360484,Recommended,507490,26548873,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ekko Tek,"As an early adopter of the original Ashes, getting this for 50% off plus free dlc for 2017 season is a good deal. Plus the devs have been responsive and patched a lot, including adding free new units over the course of the original game and seem set to continue with Escalation (Devs are already releasing a patch in the next few days to deal with early balance and technical issues). It adds new units, new defensive structures and buildings, upgrades to defenses, new orbital abilities, a strategic zoom level, new maps, plus a lot more graphical and UI polish and a new campaign. It adds some much needed complexity to strategic options."
76561197990136227,Recommended,507490,30560625,Posted: 16 March,all,Coverfire,"Ashes of a Singularity: Escalation is what the original game should have been. I can understand why the Developers didn't have all of these extra features at the start, so I am happy that they introduced them now.Pros:- Map Sizes are great. Not at the SupCom level yet, but hopefully someday it will.- 12 Players in a single game, the carnage is wonderful to behold.- Performance is amazing and I wish more companies would utilize this engine. I would love to see a SINS 2 game based upon this engine. I would buy it in a heart beat!- Two unique factions with their strengths and weaknesses.- They added in Defensive structures.Cons:- Only Two factions and they are..similar in that they all hover. I read that the devs did this for Performance sake, however I think it's hard to distinguish units when they all look like tanks and are floating around.- While the game does have as many, if not more, units than Starcraft 2 does - do not expect the same level of complexity in them. Starcraft units can be used in multiple ways, not so in Ashes. Ashes does do not have that extreme unique units that are easy to identify on screen.- After awhile, once you get over the spectacle of the size of the battles (which is awesome), you realize that the gameplay really just comes down to two big blobs fighting it out. That can get old.I do recommend this game for Casual/Average RTS players. The size of the battles and the performance offer an experience that no other RTS game can match right now. If you are an hardcore RTS player and expect indepth strategies and different build orders like Starcraft or Supreme Command..I would steer clear.I'll keep playing Ashes and keep an eye on it to see what the future brings.P.S. - They should just make a Sins 2!"
,Recommended,507490,26653656,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Moza,"Escalation brings in more units, larger maps, more buildings, upgradable buildings and extremely nice balancing changes amongst other great features such Resource gifting, pinging maps (so many features I couldn't possibly list them) overall it's feature packed and this has got to be the best RTS I have personally played building large fleets and enjoying epic battles which imo is unrivaled. There's no unit cap in this game.The developers are outstanding, they are very comminicative with the community and have injected community suggestions on a constant basis. They are always asking for feedback and the community has helped extensively to shape this game with the developers talents building it.It doesn't come without some minor issues though but the developers always listen to feedback and are quick to correct and fix an issues that players have in the game. there's still some niggles (but no showstopper issues) that need addressed but the developers are on it and will fix, comminicate if your having issues with any aspect of the game.Overall. If you like RTSs, large amount of units and epic battles this game is for you. Escalation excels over the base game in everyway and provides the user with a satisying experience everytime. Amazing game."
76561198031034826,Recommended,507490,26697844,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,dlreynoldstx,"I really enjoy RTS war games.  I don't get involved in playing online, although I've recently dabbled in that with my son in law.  I like games where I build bases, armies and eventually conquer the opponent.  I do like the campaigns and would like to see a continued effort in that part of the game."
,Recommended,507490,28248333,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Badnews,"This is a fun game that I just recently linked onto my steam account but have played WAY more hours into it....If you love RTS game, you WILL love this game,however, I have to say, this game is HIGHLY graphically demanding as I actually run this game mostly to test my overclocked GPU, with 2 GTX980 SLI overclocked, I can only run this game at about 35FPS stable... so if you don't have a good computer.... remember to turn down your graphics settings cause this game will eat your computer up alive..."
,Recommended,507490,30245930,Posted: 28 February,all,Not Robert Lawlers,Smashed by the AI. Working as intended.
,Recommended,507490,33839548,Posted: 27 July,all,K3NtheCanadian,"I have played many hours on this game and absolutely love it.This is an EPIC future based mass warfare game. Starts on the principles of Total Annihilation but instead of Commander you have a command hub. You gather iron and radioactive materials and start building your army to conquer the enemy.The maps vary in size, resources, theme and number of players although I personally love doing a 6v6 map size and only a 1v1 with me and the computer.On skirmish mode you have many options to choose from to keep the game interesting like the ability do disable orbital abilities, or set that the air is too thin to fly aircraft. The AI is extremely intelligent but doesn't cheat like other games I find and it doesn't take the same actions every game either, changing its strategy to force you to change yours. At times I can find myself in huge fights on several points in the map, and sometimes it can be overwhelming. The strategic map modes make this easy to manage though.There is no cap on Units, which can be both a blessing and curse. You can build massive armies, but you need to make sure that you have an effective strategy, because sometimes having numbers means nothing. You can see thousands of units you spent 45 minutes building, get ripped apart because you decided not to invest in a unit that can counter what is ripping your units to shreds. I have had 10,000 units on the field at once. And the opponent puts up a hell of a good fight. My favorite part though.... No nukes. It is so nice. I hate nukes.The game play is very well done, smooth and responsive. The DLC's are worth there money and the maps I find included are always fun and interesting to play, and offers a good variety.I was a little upset when they released this game as a stand-alone game when the original was released before. This was simply supposed to be an expansion, but included everything the base game did and more. But the developers did offer extreme discount to this game, and also free DLC and the content that we purchased in the last game. So I would say that it was a good trade-off and the game is definitely worth it."
76561198009477600,Recommended,507490,32322985,Posted: 10 June,all,Lord Of Nothing,"Ashes is overall an excellent game, and while the release version did have a number of issues, most of them are gone now, and the remainder are disappearing quite quickly thanks to some EXCELLENT post-release support. I've found the game good fun and it's scratched the total annihilation/ supcom itch like nothing else has since. I wouldn't quite say it's better than Forged Alliance yet, but it's nearly there, there's no noticable slowdown late game, unlike supcom, and it's still getting better."
,Recommended,507490,30861244,Posted: 31 March,all,Khan,"As a fan of Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance, I really looked forward the first AotS when it was announced and was sad to see that it didn't quite live up to the expectations. When I found out that a standalone expansion had been released I was skeptical, but decided to give this one a shot. I was pleasantly surprised.The resource system is similar to SupCom except the ""energy"" resource is replaced by ""radioactives"" which also need extractors built on certain locations. This does encourage you to be strategic about the spots you take, but I honestly don't think too much about it unless I need to. As a nitpick though I often find that the regions don't yield quite enough and they are too sparse. Often I have loads of metal but absolutely no radioactives which completely stalls my production. Whether it's just me or the game I can't quite tell.It's sort of like a mix between SupCom:FA and SupCom 2, in a good way. SupCom:FA was very deep and fairly slow, but was difficult to get into and it was incredibly easy to mess up early. Especially if you played against someone who was somewhat decent. SupCom 2 was way more casual to the extreme. It was fun for short little games with friends but it was in no way deep enough to keep me for any longer time. Ashes of the Singularity: Escalation is a good mix. It's fairly deep with several tiers of units, high unit caps (is there even any maximum? I have no clue!), runs incredibly well, has turrets that actually do something, and is not too difficult to pick up and play. Game can last for a long time though, depending on the size of your map. So if you enjoyed the long games of SupCom:FA then you may enjoy this.The AI is pretty good. The difficulty of a game depends highly on the size of the map you're playing on (and yes, they can be pretty big!). A big map is probably more representative of what the AI is capable of since it gets time to set up properly, and then they can get pretty tough, even on normal. I recommend that you practice getting a base up and running fast on small maps and that you play with the map ""exposed"" on large maps. Exposed only means that the map is not black, there is still fog of war. I find that it's too much random chance playing on a map where you can't see anything, but some may disagree with me.All in all, I'm happy with my purchase. I know that it won't replace SupCom:FA to a lot of people but to me and my circle of friends this game fits more nicely into a saturday night session."
,Recommended,507490,26548527,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,RelentlessOne,"I own the standalone version of ashes as well as escalation which I purchased for $20.1) I've put 8 hours into into it already and so far I've yet to encounter a bug.2) New unit additions including defensive structures make the gameplay more dynamic. There are a ton of different strategies you could use.3) Each faction has its own strength and weaknesses, this is more distinct now. However, there are equivalent units on both factions like the mobile army teleporter and orbital nullifiers.4) Love the strategic zoom, helps get a good feel of things, especially when you are in large maps.5) Upto 14 players in a map. Seriously, 14.You'll like this game if you like to focus on high level strategy and hate micromanagement. Also, there can be thousands if not 10s of thousands of units in a map and your game wont die.It's basically SupCom on steroids."
76561198056240433,Recommended,507490,30486165,Posted: 12 March,all,McCryBaby,"Overall, I think this game is pretty good. The balance is a little off, but devs do patch every so often so atleast theres that and they do listen to some of the bigger community members and post on the forums now and again. However this game isn't very populated so if you want a very diverse community this isnt the place to find it. However, the community as it is is actually quite friendly and welcoming. If you are thinking about picking up this game i recommend checking outhttps://www.twitch.tv/priestxes. He's the number 2 player in the game but hes quite friendly and he coaches new players and gives tips to help people out.TL:DR -pros:+ interesting map variety and tactics+ good community+ Based more on strategy and not just sheer inputs (lookin at you sc2)+ ranked matchmaking/leaderboards+ priestxeshttps://www.twitch.tv/priestxescons:- small community (you'll see the same people a lot)- devs don't communicate/update frequently enough- weird map imbalances that frankly dont make any sense- hardware intensiveOverall its an 8/10"
76561198212596239,Recommended,507490,26549197,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Draver,"Just finished the last mission of the original campaign in Escalation and it was a lot more enjoyable this time around. I had a blast. The move from Ashes to Escalation feels a lot like the move from Surpreme Commander to Forged Alliance in the sense that the balancing of a bunch of small details (from how units and buildings looks, how units behave, to the time it takes to builds stuff, etc.) makes for a much more enjoyable experience. And that's not even considering the addition of strategic zoom which just make so much sense on a game of this scale. Thumbs up!"
76561198023027303,Recommended,507490,30726552,Posted: 25 March,all,Jase,"I f***ing love the game, its really challenging and can be stressful but really makes you think"
76561198005819240,Recommended,507490,28830552,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shazza,"About 35 hrs into escalation now and i must say as a fan of supreme commander and its expansions i really like where escalation is heading.For those that are new to RTS the Ashes base game is a nice introduction to escalation and the base concepts are still there eg resource management via nodes etc. Its a mix of many RTS games with some nice strategic elements involved.I liked the base Ashes but it was a bit shallow in some areas. The Escalation update is pretty much just that, bigger and better in almost every way vs standard ashes.Pros :- large battles , my last battle i fielded over 10000 units . Escalation has larger maps and hence can support up to 16 player also.- Streamlined army logistics with teleport abilities for both sides for reinforcements , makes building up armies across the map much faster.- Global zoom- upgradable defences and more abilities to boost economy than the base game which adds depth to the economy. You can definately turtle in this game.- AI puts up a great fight i would think for most average players , 35 hrs in and just taking on intermediates on large open maps. Normal difficultly  is going to be a challenge .- Modern graphics engine , dx12 or 11 support. This game will use ALL your hardware particularly in high resolutions / large battles like very few other games can.- Continuous updates from the developers who have a history of supporting their games well.Cons :- Extensive use of orbitals with exponential quanta cost for each use makes long running games a war of attrition as you cannot afford any more quanta abilities / strikes - for heavily encamped defenses this basically means putting more hp on the screen to soak the damage. Conserving quanta for end game takes away some of the fun i feel but i might have to do that in the next few games.- Hardware requirements are still rather high for some peoples machines. This is possibly a game you want to upgrade your machine for.- Often loose the ability to see my mouse curser  in the middle of a large battle due to the sheer amount of projectiles onscreen.In summary if you like hardcore RTS such as Supreme Commander and its expansions with plenty of units onscreen, with a bit of global upgrading involved via Orbitals and global abilities (but nothing like the intense apm needed for the likes of say starcraft 2 etc as abilities are global) then i would defnately recommend this game. Well worth the asking price."
76561198023931281,Recommended,507490,31469471,Posted: 30 April,all,shanejohns,"Far-improved over the previous release.  The previous release felt like there were not enough unit types.  Clearly, this has been fixed.  I have yet to run into another skirmish (1v1 vs. AI) where the computer AI just sat there at the other end with his engineer idle the whole time, as I slogged my way through the defending neutral units to get to him.  So hopefully that has been fixed -- I think the AI unit-scripting went off the rails at times with the previous release.As a Supreme Commander owner/player, I can finally say that 'Ashes' has significant potential -- the game engine is fairly well-developed.  And the expansion possibilities are up there.  You don't have quite the same feel as with SC/SC2 where you're walking around in a unit yourself.  Not sure why they ditched that element -- which certainly upped the suspense, and added quite a bit to the game.  A third playable race would have been better, I think.  SC has 3 -- each very different.  With a bit of further engine development, and support from the community through purchases, maybe a third race could be added..."
76561198040364215,Recommended,507490,31061290,Posted: 10 April,all,L.Z,"Many good reviews for this game: they are all true. I still remember clearly downloading and playing the demo for Total Annihilation before it was released, and the feeling of experiencing something a quantum leap forward. TA went on to be the ""Gold Standard of RTS"" - I gladly bought all of the expansions.  Now almost exactly 20 years later, Escalation v 2.2 is a masterpiece that is a more than worthy successor to TA, and for a LOT less money.Disclosure: I bought AotS pre-release, and got Escalation at no additional cost."
76561198033680960,Recommended,507490,26580499,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,royxdwetering,"This game is extremely amazing. The army size can be really immense. Loads of different units and buildings, and good defense buildings.  The strategic zoom is also great feature.AI is amazing, only in late game it is doing some weird stuff, attacking really big armies with a small army.But this game is also still very buggy, it looks like an alpha/beta version to me.- NO SHIELDS :'(.- If you have a really big army (1 mill+ size), the game wont save anymore, it will not give an error (at least i can't find the save games anymore when me and my enemy got a very big army).- Cloud save games? where or gone?- Units auto (also groups) attack  very very poorly (a + click).  While an army is defending and you do nothing, sometimes the army will also do nothing and just die. Selecting your own group of units and attacking a enemy group of units works good.- only 2 races.- had 1 crash in 1 game of 3 hours. (after the first crash, I did not experience a second crash)Yet I still recommend it, because even with these bugs, this game is truly epic."
76561198078584837,Recommended,507490,34598564,Posted: 29 August,all,Mr. Green,"As much as I might complain to the Devs about this game, I do like it.  It has undergone some balance changes since it was release, and that has helped.  It will take noobies a lot of hours to figure out a really good strategy, but stick with it.  It has good graphics too!!!!"
76561197995220214,Recommended,507490,26608324,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Com0676,"Better than the original. New defences, new units, a new campaign and new types of maps(might of missed some stuff). This is the game that's going to eventually become the next successor for Supcom/TA like games but also sets itself apart from them and carries its own unique interesting mechanics such as dreadnoughts with army systems and lots more. The high amount of players available in a single match  and the intelligence of the AI is astounding and its impressive that it handles all this exceptionally well (In my case at least).  Furthermore the support by the developers of this game is some of the best I've seen for a video game, I'm encouraged that there will be further communication and that this game will continue to evolve into what we all hoped for in a modern RTS.Thanks for reading!Make sure you check the reccomended and minimum requirements before purchase."
76561198133257200,Recommended,507490,31961316,Posted: 25 May,all,Orion Nebula,"Great RTS game if you are a fan of the genre. Stardock keeps working on it and adding stuff too so it doesn't wither on the vine for lack of dev support. Steep entry req hardware wise though, so the player base is small currently but I only do single player making that irrelevant for me, all my friends quit playing games years ago and I hate playing to META's. A new campaign is coming and definitely looking forward to it. Would LOVE to see a dynamic campaign with accrued veterancy for units carried across missions, maybe some cool goodies to upgrade with exp points or something - rewards for time spent -but not many rts's bother with that, focus on multiplayer, booo! Digress ... The game feels slow and hypnotic at first, but it's not. Try the ai on insane, ouch."
76561198128675382,Recommended,507490,30805270,Posted: 28 March,all,kreatorspace,"Amazing addictive RTS, visually stunning with massively scaleable armies and strategy building. Being able to create huge armies in the battle field provides for unparalleled drama. I have been waiting for something like this for a while!"
,Recommended,507490,32279928,Posted: 8 June,all,Souless_Bitch,This game is just epic and the story line is also epic i cant wait for the next episode i really do hope there are more to come.ill rate this game 10/10 it is the only game that come close to Command and Conquer RED ALERT. The fun and i had with this game is just priceless!
,Recommended,507490,29977988,Posted: 16 February,all,Sunbeam,"Ashes of Singularity: Escalation or improved version of Ashes of Singularity is promising RTS game.+ Have it own style to stand out.+ Large amount of single player and co-op content.+ Skirmish vs AI.+ Multiplayer up to 16 players/AIs.+ Strategic Zoom added over original AoS.+ Have editor and modding support+ Developers support is not bad, despite some mistakes they made, over time developers acknowledge them and do what is good for game. It also looks like they do plan long term support for game and do communicate with community.+ Replays+ I like soundtrack- Game visually aren't bad looking, however it visuals no where near to justify hardware that it demand even with DirectX12 performance just not that good. You know how Chrome feeds on your RAM? Well AoS is just like Chrome but it feeds on your VRAM and it's very hungry. Even with recommended 4 GB of VRAM it's just going to eat it all and demand even more just at 1080p for standart settings.- Despite UI overhaul it still need some work on, in some areas I even prefer old AoS UI- In battles it can be hard to tell what is going on with all the glowing firework effects* Supreme Commander type of RTS.* Despite some people praise AI, I don't see anything outstanding, but it also not horrible.* Units and balance still need some tweaking.* MM works, but it's ability to match players according to their skills is questionable.* Game have potential."
,Recommended,507490,30041105,Posted: 19 February,all,LittleB69,Great game that is fun to play but if you are not aggressive you will loose. This has been the problem with this type of games since the birth of RTS.. if you are the defensive type.. you are in problems from game start. If you love quick expansive RTS this game does it well.. but it do not reinvent anything. Do I think it is a great game?YES I do!
76561198067187643,Recommended,507490,26692031,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,coolhand_uk,"Escalation brings more options, features over the base game that it's an absolute joy to play. With map sizes now much larger this allows for more players and even more epic battles in what I consider the best RTS to date.If you enjoy RTS and vast maps to small maps and really large epic battles this Escalation truly is for you."
,Recommended,507490,26711690,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,DAMCORP™,"Amazing games, real improvement from the first games, dont know if its worth another purchase but, if your freinds are getting it, or if this one is your first one I would 100% recommend this game!Great job"
76561198006567656,Recommended,507490,34955720,Posted: 14 September,all,Star Paladin,"When I first got this, it was pretty sub-par and a bit boring.  Beautiful, but ""meh"".But with the constant stream of regular patches, updates and great additons and improvements by Stardock, this game is becomming a classic RTS in my opinion."
,Recommended,507490,35114766,Posted: 21 September,all,O Vengeance Mine,"good game, it takes a while to get used to but theres a lot of units and counters to everything, very balanced if played right. community (on the discord) is extremely nice, host events regularly"
,Recommended,507490,26627689,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Phazon88,"A solid RTS in a day where new RTS games are becoming incredibly rare due to their PC only nature and amount of effort to develop. A decent set of campaigns as well as proper skirmish mode support and multiplayer. There is some solid game design in it as well, with units being able to be grouped into self-sufficient armies that position themselves appropiately in battle as well as resource nodes that are linked in a supply lines fashion that make it easy to plan your next moves.The fact the engine is 64-bit, multithreaded in everyway from AI down to the unit's weapon systems and supportive of DX12 means this game has huge potential. Armies can comprise of hundreds of units. Each unit are able to have multiple weapons and spew out hundreds of projectiles at one another as if it was a bullet hell shoot-em-up game. Maps are large enough to support up to 14 AIs / players.With the promise of more content (both free and paid) this game has a good chance of becoming one of the greats.Note: I haven't played the original Ashes so I can't comment on how it improves from that. I understand some players who bought the original might be upset with this standalone expansion. I believe the developer had good intentions and really wanted to respond to criticisms levelled at the original game such as no strategic zoom and the feeling of a lack of content compared to other RTS games that have already recieved expansions and DLCs. Please give this a chance as it is genuinely becoming a great game."
76561197973355855,Recommended,507490,34911537,Posted: 12 September,all,Baphonaut,"Great game.  I used to be a Supcom player back in the day, and there were comparisons to Supcom when Ashes came out, and questions of ""is it like Supcom"" etc.  In my opinion, AOTS:E isn't much like Supcom, besides the streaming economy and the strategic zoom.AOTS:E stands on it's own feet, is it's own game, and is well done.  It's balanced and interesting.  With enough variety of units, and interesting abilities.  Any RTS fan will probably like this game.The Devs are constantly supporting the game, adding to it, making it better.  They're a small developer, and deserve lots of support.If you're an RTS gamer, I'd recommend giving this game a shot."
76561198053267181,Recommended,507490,30236073,Posted: 28 February,all,byronm77,"Well, I wasn't sure if I would like it, but it's quite fun...a bit frustrating at times...but once you learn what all the units do and how to defend against them, it's not bad!  If you're a C & C fan or StarCraft fan or a fan of any other games like those, I'm sure you'll love it!"
76561197992902335,Recommended,507490,32346394,Posted: 11 June,all,Karyci,"Awesome game. I keep comparing it with Supreme Commander (my #1 RTS) and while Ashes is inferior from a complexity standpoint, it has a way better graphical engine and the developers keep adding great features along the way. I would like to see more players online at the same time too but time will tell if it will raise in popularity.I strongly recommend this game to fans of Supreme Commander and Total Annihilation. While micro management lovers may be a little dissapointed in the slow pace of the game, it can be a nice experience for them too."
,Recommended,507490,34642333,Posted: 31 August,all,robbie.grimm,Still new to Escalation but liked the base game a lot. Very good extension to it. Deep RTS. Still Updates made from developers. Almost a Supreme Commander 3 I have waited for. Please keep up the good work.
76561197970993359,Recommended,507490,28142701,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Giomanach,im not good a reviews ..but if you love RTS games that are large like supcom yet have and old school feel of C&C mixed in then this is for you
,Recommended,507490,30983345,Posted: 6 April,all,Noddactius,Not many good RTS games latelly. This is propably the best in years. Need more then two races though.
,Recommended,507490,26599051,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,EXL™ Λnimosity,"Whilst I enjoy the original game and for those who know me I can be hard to please. Escalation has made this game much more enjoyable to play. With the game speed increased and the actions of each player being much more important. Oribitals matter, not just the avatar which was nerfed or a subspace streamer but all of them now have a place including some new ones.Have fun, and please play the campaign first! It's a lovely story with some good fights."
,Recommended,507490,30444903,Posted: 11 March,all,Salter00,I gave up drinking and drugs for this game.
76561197989775964,Recommended,507490,32804439,Posted: 26 June,all,JoeBloe,"Solid RTS, in the vein of Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander, but with strong improvements on both."
,Recommended,507490,29983221,Posted: 17 February,all,Phat Monkey,"I cant really review this game as it is always changing and updating and because of what it is that is not a bad thing, that is a positive thing, stick with me and read on...IntroYou can easily tell that the development team are really passionate about this game, the communication back and forth with gamers in the Steam forum, the constant updates all comes together to show commitment. Sure everyone makes a miss step here and there and for Stardock their misstep was the first version of the game, nothing wrong with it, but 'Escalation' took the game to a whole new level making the first game almost obsolete.  It seemed to me the team was at odds with itself pushing and pulling and stumbling until they came up with the right choice and risky as it may be fearing a massive backlash from the PC community they decided to discontinue the first game and concentrate on 'Escalation'.People who bought the first game and 'Escalation' are now treated to the season pass free to alleviate some of the negative feelings amongst the gaming community. But from what I have seen for this game the PC community is very forgiving, in fact I have seen nothing like it before, it's as if for this one game everyone agrees the foundation for greatness is there and together we can all take it to the next level.Foundation For GreatnessPlease do not get me wrong, the game looks amazing, it is very well optimised for a DX12 multi GPU config, but I have to be honest, if you are coming from C&C and wanting a meaty fun campaign you wont find it here at the moment, I say at the moment because the game is evolving even as I type this report. The meat of the game is in it's Skirmish and MP, although I am not confident enough to play it in MP yet I do enjoy the skirmish missions.What could make it better?Bases for example could look better, could be larger, I mean there is much fun to be had destroying an enemy base but bases are lacking here, sure there are various builds, but they do not look meaty enough. Units look very similar to each other but they do look great, building a shield wall would be a welcome addition as you fend off against an attack force and that shield begins to fluctuate, now that would be awesome. I also miss ground units, grunts, sniper missions, if only the game had these elementsModdingThey are now opening the doors to modders, this should increase the lifespan of the game and I for one am looking forward to seeing what the amazingly talented modding community comes up with, especially from those modders coming from Supreme Commander.... ;)Should I buy it?If you love RTS games then this is a definite yes, the maps are baron and although they look great they lack detail, but it's one big playground of destruction and boy it has never looked as good as this. I also believe if you like RTS and see this game as a strong foundation to the next level then support this game so Stardock can continue to develop it...Ending notesGive the game a try, if you are an RTS fan the game deserves that much and I am sure once that Skirmish draws you in you will be hooked....www.PhatMonkey.me"
76561198055894712,Recommended,507490,35112927,Posted: 21 September,all,Major General Relativity,"I enjoy the large scale battles and the variety of units. The game never seems to be moving too slow, and I hope to hone my skills enough to play against other humans!"
,Recommended,507490,26628877,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,TheDax,"i love this game, i played the base game and that was amazing. easy to play and amazing to look at. actually bought a new pc just so i could play this properly. cant wait for the next instalment already. and its sartdock so you know its only going to get better. be nice to see a few mionor changes. but i know they will come just like they did in the base game. storry line needs a bit more YES facetor for me as i enjoy playing campains and having side and bouns missions and work up through the difficulties. missions on normal as a bit easy. but really love this game. 9/10 from me."
76561198095930193,Recommended,507490,35094468,Posted: 20 September,all,DINO'S ARCADE,This is a great game! I really like RTS games and this is of a very high quality. The graphics and design are really quite beautiful. I would love to see more expansions and DLC for this game. The developers did a great job with this one. Part of my reason for upgrading my computer's specs was to be able to play this game in flawless quality.
,Recommended,507490,35139623,Posted: 22 September,all,Zoffix Znet,"You know the saying ""You, and what army?""This game has the answer: I built 1000 freakin' units.... during TUTORIAL mission!11/10"
,Recommended,507490,32854670,Posted: 27 June,all,>>Nyuu<< Miesha,"If you're like me and love RTS games, you should totally try out this game. Brings me back to the days of Supreme Commander LANs which I did like every weekend when I was younger. Great fun times to be had, especially if you've got a friend or two to play with."
76561198007146764,Recommended,507490,26622441,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Scavenger,"Extremely great game play, fairly decent campaign, with a friendly and non-toxic community of players who make multiplayer worthwhile and enjoyable. Very easy to/ learn from campaign and players themselves. Graphic heavy yet brings a beauty to an RTS that is rarely seen. Stardock have yet again brought another amazing game in to the RTS genre that will only get better with time. Overall rating 8/10."
76561198011459915,Recommended,507490,29193844,Posted: 11 January,all,Mrnsmo,Great game. A big improvement over Ashes of the Singularity. Buy this version instead.It's alot smoother and runs well. The strategic view is very handy once you get used to it and the AI are very smart.My only gripe is that I want to slowly take over a galaxy strategically instead of their linear campaign. Great story though.I would reccomend this version to old school RTS players.8/10
,Recommended,507490,26540236,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Lion,"This how Ashes of Singularity should be from the beginning, it is not harder or more complicated, it's just have more depth with little more units such as heavy aircrafts and turrets upgrades, when combining this with strategic zoom and and better campaign we definitely have better version for the game than the original one. I recommend this game only for people liked the first AoS or like supreme commander but if you didn't like the first Ashes of Singularity concept then you will not like this also."
76561198051188941,Not Recommended,507490,29834291,Posted: 10 February,all,Jamroast,"I was an initial Beta participant and expected them publishers to do some improvements on that game, which they did. Unfortunately they rebranded the game and charged us twice for basicly the same game and even with the slight improvements and some new units there are still gameplays with unreponsive units that seem to have not changed since the intial release! STOP CLAIMING THIS IS A NEW GAME!! It is a slight rework of the original release and the publisher should be ashamed of their blatant money grab.... I will not recommend buying any games from Stardock as they have proven again and again that they will shaft you."
,Recommended,507490,30134904,Posted: 23 February,all,Cornelius V. Osmond,"After merging with the DLC, Ashes has all the potential to become the next supcom 1."
76561198072988356,Recommended,507490,32232205,Posted: 6 June,all,Catnapper,"Don't be misled. This is a standalone expansion for people who thought that AotS wasn't complex enough. The original AotS had an underestimated playerbase size and didn't want to restrict it any further by making it complicated, so they've released this expansion for people who wanted it to have more depth. If you want a more complex game, get this instead of the base game. If you just want to look at the pretty graphics, get the base game."
76561198033927690,Recommended,507490,30184900,Posted: 25 February,all,daytwon_28,"Great game. Hoping for more expansions.  Each game is played differently, so you can continue to play without getting tired of the same routine."
,Recommended,507490,26591458,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,QuickSilver999x,"Amazing fun, they finally enchanced this game and added campaing. Truely fun"
76561198244248426,Recommended,507490,34872652,Posted: 10 September,all,Morgasm,Amazing huge strategy game made by in my opinion the best in the business.
76561198159930079,Recommended,507490,34996946,Posted: 16 September,all,jvrmako,"First of all, i do (really) recommend this game. Amazing game and even better development team. I have to admit that when the expansion for AotS came i was not happy to pay again,but now that i know how many continous improvements included in the game i have to admit that i am  extremly surpirzed and satisfied.I do not tend to write down reviews but in this case, due to the fact that developers really do an incredible job, i encourage everyone to give it a try.Pros:-New real content for the game updated every few weeks (i honestly do not remember any other dev team with this ratio, i am quite surprised)-Almost unlimited or virtually unlimited number of unit that can be created per army (and many different unit types)-Two different sides with clearly differenciated strengh points and weakness-Nice resources optimization (i can run the game at maximun and keep using anything else without any impact -My computer is not a monster btw)-The campaign may not have the best script in terms of dialogue or story but it i really enjoyed paying it.Cons:-....Maybe add a third faction?-Better story or solo game (no skirmish)"
76561198023044986,Recommended,507490,26541333,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,123,"Great game!!! Great to play with a friend for some oldschool style supreme commander fun. Definitly get it, do the tutorial, and have fun!"
76561198007105901,Recommended,507490,29168529,Posted: 10 January,all,Fairbod,"Bought the original then did the generous half price upgrade route, figured I owed a basic review just for that . I've been playing Warzone2100 as my default RTS  for years 'cause  I love big maps and long tactical games. So guess how happy i am with massive maps ;)  Love the new crazy zoom right out , lots of rework of the original AotS ,plus new units , campaigns and more . Whats not to like? AI kicks some serious asre so if you're a Skermish kind of player your in for a treat :0Running in DX12 it's  amazing how many troops you can get into the fight and it looks amazing. I haven't found anything  Negative to say but only played Campaign and Skermish against the AI so far in AotS Escalation."
76561197985794681,Recommended,507490,31399200,Posted: 27 April,all,lord_zorkly,"This game is pure strategic RTS goodness! 4.5/5.What little is lacking is only in content, and it seems they are continually adding to it.There is very little combat micro, the only think to have anxiety over is how quickly and safely you can expand. From there, you have multiple strategic options to achieve victory, all of which focus on exploiting macro - both in and out of combat.Think Planetary Annihilation, with just one planet, and no Dox.What micro there is... involves timing/coordinating distinct armies, in combat, and positioning & timing of base defenses & economic expansion, out of combat. Pretty standard, exciting RTS-stuff, just none of that Warcraft III unit-micro.Game mechanics are easy to learn, difficult to master. Massive maps and gorgeous graphics make the game feel as if it is moving slowly (or evolving strategically) but rest assured... once things get going, there will be clicks!"
76561197991368766,Recommended,507490,33022109,Posted: 29 June,all,Shrike,"You'll need a top-end computer to enjoy this game, but for what it's worth, it really is a cerebral strategy game, focusing more on where you place your forces than what forces you place are. The zoomed-out strategic maps increases the immersion: you're a commander of a vast army taking over swathes of an entire planet, fighting with enemies and competing for valuable resources. It's definitely a more Supreme Commander-ish type of game with a SoaSE twist."
,Recommended,507490,28712209,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zen1001001,"Massive improvement over the original, Enjoying teh new campaign as well. I actually quite like stardocks way of bring out a game and then gradually improving it based on feedback.If you enjoyed the original then I would recommend the upgrade."
,Recommended,507490,26645043,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Fuwa Fuwa,Amazing indeed. love the new content. Atm the best RTS
76561198027072714,Recommended,507490,30309338,Posted: 3 March,all,p3dr0-3L-n3gr0,"Decent RTS game. You will get great visuals and big battles. The game offers a long-term focussed gameplay. If you like short-term and actions per minute focussed games like Starcraft 2, this game won't satisfy you.When you liked Supreme Commander, you should give this game a try. Compared to SupCom there are some major differences:slighty less army and base management - I am missing transport-routes very muchauto-grouping of units to formationsunit limit must be expanded via researchresearch is managed via special ressources (more unit supplies, increased damage, armour, range)orbital utilites e.g. placing towers, scouting map areasDreadnougts. Big units, even not big as experimentals in SupCom, but they gain XP and can be upgraded with skills e.g. self-heal, dronesdefense structures can be upgraded to different specialization, e.g. morg damage or more range as artillery-positiongame-mode which is kinda like Domination in different FPS games, where you have to hold some POI"
,Recommended,507490,26543222,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Samvega,"What the original ashes should have been to begin with. It's a great expansion that adds many new strategies and layers to the game. Soon it will be compatible with DLC from the base game, I'm told."
76561198008756217,Recommended,507490,28133406,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,[TBC]Xtra,A good solid RTS. Recommended.
76561198030981519,Not Recommended,507490,32928608,Posted: 28 June,all,UfoL,"Honestly i don't know where all that hype came from... for me the game is just average, and for sure not worth its price. I'ts not bad... just far from expectations.The game itself gets boring very fast... Similar to planetary annihilation, games are short and very repetitive. Both of them claim to be spiritual continuation of total annihiliation or supreme commander, but there one map lasted for several hours, maps were vast and let you utilise different tactics. Here... just build a lot units.Weapons have silly range, machines almost have to touch each other to shoot (cmon, supercharged heavy death laser of doom with just 100m range?).Once you create an army it is impossible to give orders quickly to specific units, and vulnerable units often just expose themselves and there is no way to pull them on the back line. Its especially annoying if there are flying units in army - they wont go forward a tiniest bit, they will move as slowly as rest of units, which mean they got killed by AA before they get in range to drop single bomb.Maps consist of network of power generators which you just claim to get resource nodes next to them. This makes it only worth to build anything in those points, while other parts of map are useless, and after zoom out it looks kind of like those mobile games like phage wars, where whole point was in claiming all nodes by moving forces faster than opponent.And the way dialogues in campaingn are introduced... so annoying. You command large force in middle of a fight when suddenly all controls are taken away from you, camera goes somewhere else to tell some story, but when you get control back the battle is over, with various outcome.Overal it feels disappointing, to get a toy instead of strategy which could compete with supreme commander. Even graphics on ""crazy"" setting aren't particulary better than a 10 year old game."
76561198021985351,Recommended,507490,33184565,Posted: 3 July,all,commrade,"Right, I decided to hold off on this game for a while, finaly made the jump and am not disapointed! alot of people say its a dumbed down version of Supreme Commander, but honestly i wouldn't say that, this game has a lot going for itself strategically, it plays alot like Supreme Commander but has a feel of its own,so lets run over a few things that i enjoy about this game and what i think makes it stand out!Recources: there are two resources on the map Metal and Radiation(i think) these are placed on strategic points on the map which you have to control in order to harvest, the strategic points also make lanes in which you have to control so you have supply lines that can be cut which i think is great! adds oportunities for you and your enemies if you like to think outside the box and go for attrition. there is also a third resource which is Quantem(i think) which comes from a building you can build yourself, and you can build as many as you want this resource contributes to upgrading your army and buildings aswell as something called Orbitals which come in the form of defensive and offensive capabilities like turret drops and orbital strikes!Game play: not a vast amount of units to choose from but everything has its place, you have 3 types of factories for land unit and 2 for air kina like Supreme Commander the higher grade buildings produse stronger units, but unlike supreme commander you cant rely completely on your big units as most if not all seem to have no air defence, there are about 5/6 bigger units and all have there roll to play, for example one is a high firing army decimating beast but offers less damage to other dreadnaughts, where as one will specialize in taking down other dreadnaughts but not be as effective against big armies, and you have ones for support like artillary. air units i havn't used much which is crazy because there probably some of the best unit from what i have seen usual fighter or bombers then second tier units strategic bomber and gunship, will update when i have had a little play.Verdict: so yes i would recommend this game, probably better with all the DLC for extra maps, you also get the campaigns and scenarios which seem cool but are only single player (haven't played many so cant comment)"
76561198142348718,Recommended,507490,33126986,Posted: 2 July,all,Bismallion,Great huge-battles game.
,Recommended,507490,28475483,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,SloanStudios,"DX12 is unstable, but they are working on it. Game runs great in DX11 mode though, could use a greater diversity of races. This is a great platform though, upon which I am hoping they will build a truly long lasting strategy franchise. Worth the money, especially if it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,507490,30127131,Posted: 23 February,all,Mr.Toad's Wild Ride,"It's a well done game but lacks severly inr eason to play it. There is a statlingly small variety of units and there are far too many of them to do anything with them but group them all in 'armies"" which just serve to remove what few delusions of control you may have had.  Perhaps if we were offered a formation system or more advanced strategies to order our units to implement the army system might work but its jsut another layerof mediocrity. The game looks great it runs well and unfortunately its far more capable of running itself then it is of letting you run it."
,Recommended,507490,26541271,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Galu,"The game was good in its original state but it felt shallow, overly simplified and not too long. Escalation simply remedies all that and truly feels like a viable replacement for Supreme Commander 2. Whilst it does not have the depth of SupCom FA it is an absolutly beautiful game and the seemless transition from game map to tactical overview is wonderful.You can feel the extra depth the game has been given and for a strategy game in 2016 to cater so much to single player is phenomenal. We can't all spend hours of our lives practicing specific build orders or mouse clicks in order to become passable online. Sometimes you just want to kick back and take on a challenging AI or even an easy AI; and you want to have plenty of different opportunities in which to do that and AotSE provides a wonderful platform for this.Whilst this game is not a spiritual successor to SupCom it heavily takes away from it:- Units are wildly indespensible save for you 'Titan Class'- There are resource nodes doted around the map and control of them is critical- The tactical overlay builds on SupCom's as if it used it as a base and just beautified it- Defenses are good to hold off raids but terrible if anything with some oomph comes at youAll very SupCom-ey to me. :)The only downside I can think of is that this game takes a lot of computing power to even run. Casual gaming devices won't stand a chance of running this.Otherwise, very recommended."
76561198126928817,Not Recommended,507490,29594450,Posted: 30 January,all,Cameron Smith,"MAKE THIS WORK!!  __i7 3770, 16GB RAM, GTX 970__Have played Ashes lots, However I cant get this to run for more than 5 minutes without a crash. Varring reasons pop up, mostly dx11 crash even if playing dx12.. dx11 (safe mode) seems to last about a minute or two longer. Regrardless I love the game but I still cant play it.Buyers beware."
76561197974905411,Not Recommended,507490,29452528,Posted: 23 January,all,Wiesel Flink,"This is quite an interesting attempt to create a RTS game with some big strategic war management. However, the playstyle is mostly the same and there are no real finesse. The lack of details and controll possibilites of Air units, and the absent of more races, any kind of nukes/missiles, and sea units let this game drown in boredomness. I exspected a game, not quite like supcom, but in a bigger scale with not that much micromanagement, but at least proper building queues and the ability to time coordinate attacks.My disillusioning conclusion is to install FAF again and wait for the next RTS."
,Not Recommended,507490,34494651,Posted: 25 August,all,Matt 马休,"This is a closer to a tech-demo than a fleshed-out, fun to play RTS.Graphics and effects are absolutely gorgeous. The pacing is slow. Big blobs crush other big blobs. Factions and units are boring. Campaign is cheesy.If you're trying to scratch that RTS itch, like I was, this game is probably not for you."
76561197960413055,Recommended,507490,32444891,Posted: 15 June,all,Namenottaken,"I bought the original game, the first few dlc's, and the escalation preorder.  I've had fun with it as it grows into something that maybe the devs hadn't originally thought of.  They've rolled with the changes to their visions and have supported ideas for additions to the game that have improved my enjoyment of the game where I feel more than happy to reccomend it.  Check out the dev blog to see what's coming uphttps://forums.ashesofthesingularity.com/forum/1123"
76561198064635478,Recommended,507490,32423306,Posted: 14 June,all,Duplicitous_Avenger,"Been playing since the beta, The improvement that the devs have made are a farcry from where the game used to be. Far more beautiful, engaging, fun, and balanced than it used to be. The community has steadily grown is welcoming to newcomers. The devs really listen to what the community has to say. Definitely a recommend."
76561198050243292,Recommended,507490,32230434,Posted: 6 June,all,thomasivey1976,I Love this game. If you are a true RTS person then this is the Sins of a solar empire of ground play.
,Recommended,507490,26651547,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,masterofdeath14,"This is EASILY one of the best RTS games I have ever played. Two factions, both very distinct, and the quanta upgrades really help make the matches last. No more ""Brute force"" wins, even though this is about as clicky as it gets, after a good ammount of time it gets much more laid back. Please, when you have some money, buy this and enjoy the most engageing RTS I have seen in years."
76561198157485416,Recommended,507490,27385825,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bannereus,"Summary: definitely my kind of game, and a non-compromising improvement on the original Ashes of the Singularity, though in catering to hardcore PC RTS enthusiasts, it might put off more casual players or those with older hardwareTechnical: The Nitrous engine is fantastic, it does justice to its claim of 'first ground-up DX12 game engine' and kudos to the devs at Oxide for putting in the work to do it right.  Especially for a game of this scale it makes a noticable performance difference, which means you are fighting another player or the AI, not fighting glitches and lag. That said, this game is DEMANDING, it scales all the way from 'quite demanding' up to 'requires a supercomputer' ... take note of the hardware requirements before buying, it will slam both your GPU and CPU, a Core i7 does not go to waste.Gameplay: it will feel familiar to hardcore RTS fans (and maybe not the most accessible title to RTS newbies), especially those who have played other Oxide-developed titles, but what sets Ashes apart is the impact of scale on strategy. Micro-management is simply not feasible in every situation, and there are plenty of tools and and AI development to minimize the required actions-per-minute. Seriously, the AI is good as an opponent, and for managing units within your armies. If you enjoy the macro aspects, this might be the game you were waiting for.Story/theme: In the first installment, there wasn't so much to back up the sci-fi dystopian theme and brief story campaign, which is understandable for a smaller developer, and the above points were enough to win me over. Still, I was pleasantly surprised to find far more effort paid to world-building lore in the new expansion's missions. The campaign is still more like an advanced tutorial than the main course for gameplay, but it doesn't feel like *just* a tutorial any more.Misc: Devs are super active with patches and balance tweaks (Escalation seems much improved in terms of balance), and really transparent with taking feedback from the community and their intentions, commendable practices in the software business. The community of players is understandably small for a niche game like this, but generally quite friendly and fun to play with."
76561198052172009,Recommended,507490,34827242,Posted: 8 September,all,GeneralTimmers,Great Game.  Well thought out and loads of fun!!
76561198023307252,Recommended,507490,32536864,Posted: 18 June,all,FriendlyGamerGuy,"All my thoughts and feelings about this game summed up into one sentence:If you are looking for a modern RTS that has a traditional feel to it and countless hours of fun to be had with nice graphics and huge armies, there isn't a better choice on the market right now than Ashes of the Singularity: Escalation.A couple things to note:- If you have an epic graphics card/processor and a good cooling setup and you are already thinking about getting this game, get it!- If you are wondering if this game will run on a budget PC or something that can't really be considered a ""high end gaming PC"" you probably won't be able to run it at max settings, especially in bigger battles. However if you plan on getting a high end gaming PC in the future having Ashes of the Singularity: Escalation in your library isn't a bad idea.For clarification, when I first started playing this game I had 2 way SLI with 2x GTX 970's. They would get pretty hot when I tried playing with high settings, like over 80C and only stayed at 80C or lower after I toned down some of the settings. After switching to a single GTX 1080ti my graphics card never goes above 65C, even with DirectX 12 and maxed out settings. While I know the maximum temperature for the 970's is 98C and for the 1080ti its 90c, the 1080ti was much farther from it's maximum temperature than the 970's were.Basically other than the things I mentioned, this game is awesome and a lot of fun, especially to me as someone who enjoyed a lot of other, older RTS games."
76561197999269893,Recommended,507490,32542374,Posted: 18 June,all,rob__77,"gg. I need to buy new graphics card to be able to play this game again. I think I won't be able to resist too long, really great game."
76561198138271158,Recommended,507490,34866359,Posted: 10 September,all,MadYeAd,It's  a good game in its own way. Definitely not like sc2 and somewhat similar to SupCom.You really need a good computer to run this since there is no cap to how many units you can have in the field.-Not a very detailed review about the game-
76561198057493340,Recommended,507490,27251916,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sirsyuri,This is a great good ol' fashioned RTS that doesn't make things too complicated. Granted there are many levels to this game but it easy to get in and just start playing. Which is one of the things I love about Stardock games. If you love orcestrating the movements of thousands of units seemlessly across giant battlefields this is the game for you. Just be warned the AI is terriflying good in this game... 10/10 would get steamrolled by a comptuer again.
76561198005180861,Recommended,507490,32354100,Posted: 11 June,all,Ruprechtus,Great game and the future of RTS :-)
76561197978094703,Recommended,507490,32728115,Posted: 24 June,all,rjkee52403,This game is awesome!  I love spending time playing it.  The mechanics are balanced very well.  The scenarios are just challenging enough on normal to win some or lose some and have to start over with a new map strategy.  It plays extremely well at high graphics and 4K (GTX 1080ti).  There were a couple of times where it randomly froze or crashed but they quickly patched it to fix these problems.
,Recommended,507490,35282798,Posted: 28 September,all,SwaggerDragon,"A fun strategy game that reminds me of Supreme Commander. The unit AI is excellent and allows you to play strategically instead of micromanaging every individual unit. The opposing AI is also good. Graphics are decent, though I wish we had 180 camera control."
,Recommended,507490,27854370,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,XanderXAJ,"An RTS experience much to my liking.  Not Supreme Commander 3, which many of the enhancements in Escalation move it towards, but a great game in its own right.The campaign contains a number of interesting scenarios that encourage you (and sometimes force you) to play differently to usual.Performance seems slightly favourable compared to the original AotS.Could do with some polish to its strategic zoom overlay, such as never hiding unit icons, and not showing resource-less capture points as metal (to be more like the spacebar minimap).  It would also be nice to form armies from air units only."
76561198181657374,Recommended,507490,35189476,Posted: 24 September,all,tomsdavies,"Although i enjoy the game and would recommend it, it is far from finished. There are many bugs, the biggest personally being that you are unable to TAB out of a game without it crashing or if you did TAB out not being able to TAB back in. Some other issues are unable to load into the game, as my friend struggles with, and connection issues within the same lobby. The game play however is good and well thought out, although it would be great if more than one central base could be built instead of only having one.Overall good but needs fixing."
76561198256619839,Recommended,507490,26692393,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Napo,I really like it a lot.
,Recommended,507490,34833570,Posted: 9 September,all,CrashOverride,"It is a fun game for me. Coming from Planetary Annihilation and Supreme Commander, this works suprisingly well. Use a good gaming computer that has some serious power. I get 40-60fps.The updates keep coming and the company looks like they are in this for the long term... Yeah!"
,Recommended,507490,26669583,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,p0p,nice improvements.This game is awesome ))
,Recommended,507490,32793256,Posted: 25 June,all,☞☝ Shariner ☝☜,Hard strategy game in realtime. I love it!
76561197975340167,Recommended,507490,34846746,Posted: 9 September,all,jmhallock,Good Fun.
,Recommended,507490,35268204,Posted: 28 September,all,Yorekani,"I'm currently playing through what I consider the ""story missions"", so I don't have the complete experience yet.The UI and controls are kind of overwhelming at first. It's a nice touch that the tutorial is optional.That said, since the ""story missions"" usually focus on specific aspects of the game, they can serve as an ""extended"" tutorial. It doesn't mean the missions are bad, because it'd be boring if each of them could be won in the same way.Overall, it really feels like the strategy is the focus here. The land units move rather slowly, so positioning is important.I'm not sure how effective anti-air is yet, but it feels like clustering a few air units makes it very easy to snipe any anti-air the enemy might have.Other than that, I do like this game. It lets me build up giant armies and then crush the enemy, which is what I'm looking for in these games."
,Recommended,507490,26800852,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BluDude-_,IT'S so FUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198281721538,Recommended,507490,28926058,Posted: 1 January,all,SanguineSage#42,"I must say, I highly recommend this game. For anyone that enjoys a good RTS, I honestly don't think you'll be disappointed. The gameplay is highly customizable. The graphics are just amazing (of course, depending on your set up). It takes some getting used to the commands just like any other RTS for that matter. I'm still a beginner but I'm having a hard time walking away from the game. It's worth the price. Definetly check it out."
76561198082409973,Recommended,507490,28504026,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Hentai Fapper Supreme,I greatly enjoy the game and the community. The massive battles that seem to have no unit capacity are amazing but if you aren't careful you might have the game experience massive lag spikes.
76561198087280796,Recommended,507490,28871825,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,jrspringston,"Love this game! Ashes base was pretty good, but escalation takes it a whole other step. They added all the things I wanted: Upgradeble defense, new troops, bigger zoom, bigger maps, more maps. Fancy.They also added somehting i didnt know i need, but it has now opened my eyes: Commander zoom. Theres more, but overall i just love this game"
,Recommended,507490,28700546,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Fwiffo,"Expectations were pretty low from the original launch of ashes, was blown away at how much has been improved and added since the initial release. Some things do still need work, a few of the new units dont really have a purpose or are unbalanced in some way or another. The new maps are pretty good, and the strategic map view is insanely helpful for the larger maps. There really arent a whole lot of RTS games out there anymore, and this is a good start to ""reviving"" the genre. Overall i would highly reccomend this to new players, as well as previous ashes of the singularity players."
76561197998052467,Recommended,507490,28302584,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Biggles,"Many hours have been consumed already playing this game and, I suspect many more to come. Wouldn't mind some more options for the big maps in single player mode."
,Recommended,507490,31499477,Posted: 1 May,all,Ghost Niko,"If you buy this game make sure you check your machine specs, it is a graphics high intensive game.  You need a fairly powerful rig for this game.  You need a solid state drive to run it and a hefty graphics card to run it smooth.  The reason is you can zoom in and out of the map just like you could in Supreme Commander.So, yes my play time is low, but I can say this is an amazing game as I am a veteran RTS gamer.  It will make you rethink your strategy.  The first real mission past the tutorial missions I had no clue as to how to win it with normal setting, I got wiped out a couple of times.  Then I tried very easy and got my butt handed to me.  I had to rethink my strategy and I finally beat the AI.I give it thumbs up because it is a very fun game that gets your mind going.  I am usually a single player type, so this review is from the single player point of view.  If you have a powerful rig and love RTS’s then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,507490,31262588,Posted: 20 April,all,Bliggs,"Interesting story. The two faction are quite different in play style, and the scale of battles can get quite immense."
,Recommended,507490,30207631,Posted: 26 February,all,xxXXKILL99XXxx,more statigic depth than most stats ive played
76561197982815216,Recommended,507490,30271184,Posted: 1 March,all,Fe,"Nice slow pace RTS game, no need to micro many things in millisecond like Starcraft.Pros- good graphic, Grey Goo looks a bit better on 3d models, and terrain textures part, but Ashes have better weapon projectiles visual effect.- Slow pace game design, you will have time to enjoy watching sci-fi battlefield. Maybe this game have slowest pace of all modern RTS.- many types of units and defense turrets per factions  (more than a faction in Grey Goo)- strategic points are not too scattered like Planetary Annihilation, all of your base is connect- there are some creeps to kill, hope the developer would make this aspect more complicated like what they did to pirate faction in Sins of a Solar Empire- automate units building- Option for edge scrolling speed (I always rage when a game that player need to pan map constantly doesn't have this option, you hear me? Amplitude Studios! )- seem like the developer want to add a lot more thing to this game- this game start screen take a very long time to load, but after that everything in main menu is impressively fast, skirmish maps only take 5-10 seconds to loadCons- only 2 factions for now (there is some fan speculation that they will add 2 more factions later)- not many things to adjust in Option menu (Sins of a Solar Empire has a lot more options)- need to restart game after changing any things in Option menu- no key bindings- no way to turn off player avatar in UI. I don't need to see my enormous-sized profile picture on screen all the time when I play an RTS game!- some UI doesn't need to be separated from other UI, it's waste of screen's space.**********************************MY PERSONAL WISH- more 'world elements' for single player skirmish like what they did in Sins of a Solar Empire.Something that make the game world feel more 'alive' like acid mist, forest area for ambushing, meteor rain, thunderstorm, sandstorm, more type of creeps, neutral units that can join your army, ancient artifact that will upgrade your unit.You can release this as Single player Skirmish map DLC so you don't have to worry too much about balance- space platform terrain map like Satrcraft- 3rd-4th factions with bionic units like Zerg"
76561198330012719,Recommended,507490,31466540,Posted: 30 April,all,Doom Caesar,I think this game is very good actually and i would like to play more of the campaing and see how it's going to end .and please add more factions :)
,Recommended,507490,27525376,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Aurora,The best recent real time strategy game.A strong successor to games like Supreme Commander.
76561198060639748,Recommended,507490,28354557,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,RE Zippingdonal,"Its a game that i bought on a whim due to it being used as a benchmark in many youtube channels for the latest graphic cards. When i first saw the page, i was pleasantly surprised to see an rts game, a genre that is hard to develop for considering there are so many different features they can implement and how wrong it could really go. After a bit of reading, i found out that this ""expansion"" was everything that the original shouldve been so of course i jumped over here.Finally i took the plunge and bought it after watching the video on the open page that depicted a battle on a massive scale set in the future.If you havent guessed already, i was and still am a massive fan of the supcom series and huge battle of wear and tear are my guilty pleasure, so once i started the game for the first time, i went head on into a skirmish. Now one thing i must note is the learning curve of this game is quite steep, and balance between factions is quite balanced from what ive observed anyway. The economy is odd at first but is definitely the driving element in combat for this game. While turtling is still a valid tactic, expansion is absolute to secure the necessary resources to construct an intricate and competent defensive line.So after a few hours, I can safely say that this is a solid game, have yet to play online yet so im not sure what sort of meta might have established itself but other than that, if you like large scale battles, then this game could quite easily slot into your library are a fun and complex rts.One thing to note is it is a hog for power, so unless you have somewhat decent specs, the game will not run properly, my poor laptop can barely run this, but other than that, take the plunge, im glad i did anyway :3"
76561197968934263,Recommended,507490,26997869,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Natman,"Great RTS. The emphasis on defensive structures really plays to my tendencies in gameplay and is a welcome change from the initial release. Between this and Homeworld, I have all but forgotten my previous favorite RTS, C&C Generals: Zero Hour. I would love to see some more variation is playable armies, something that Zero Hour got right in my mind, but this is a solid alternative."
,Recommended,507490,27772522,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AjMannTech,"Great title, would recommend to anyone who likes a good RTS."
76561197972072004,Recommended,507490,32540226,Posted: 18 June,all,MrMostar,"It is a very good game, The graphics are outstanding, but it is getting a bit slow on my 4 core processor in late game.The small mouse cursor is barely visible in 4K reolution when there is much action on the screen."
,Recommended,507490,34563779,Posted: 28 August,all,just a lagoon,"It's quite simple, if you like the RTS genre, you will like this. If you spent hours playing Starcraft and Warcraft and C&C, you are going to like this."
,Recommended,507490,35068952,Posted: 19 September,all,totalogic,An Epic story and excellent AI learning that adapts to your tactics.  The Harder levels will challenge the best tacticians.
,Recommended,507490,28683651,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,(PG)Rxios Alfarioxs Auxis,the gameplay is great and if you like RTS then this is the game for youand they just added the DLC
76561198057579161,Not Recommended,507490,29833046,Posted: 10 February,all,cichociemny_norge,Game wont start ... I tried safe mode in DX11 same thing.Big Dissapointment when the game crush under the loading screen.Now Im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off after paying 270NOK and all I see is loading screen for 5 sec.Well you can make the first time impression only once.Thx developers
76561198228969868,Recommended,507490,26577227,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,bnb_home1,"First I love this title and recommend it to any rts player. That being said i have to point out a few things.Pros:1- The new defense turrets add another element to turtel player ( me ).2 - The new units give it new strategic depth.Cons: ( none listed below are any reason not to play this )(those that followed me on the Ashes forum area i have same points in this title as i do with original)1- Base building elements ( walls, shields )2- ability to add new units ( yes i know we can do maps and scripts )As both Aots and Esaclation mature it will only get better"
76561198167778619,Recommended,507490,30515955,Posted: 14 March,all,SalmonForest,"This is chill RTS game, with alot of cool units, long battel like you can have a 4-6 long battels is not boring is allway thing happing on the battelfred. I give it a 7/10 <3 ."
76561198068002611,Recommended,507490,34563468,Posted: 28 August,all,senormom1,Very good game. I have been playing rts longer than a lot of you have been alive. Original Red alert and Age of Empires to name a few. This game has as good a graphics as your machine can handle yet plays well and looks great even on lower settings. Story is good and plays as well as if not better than AOE or Red Alert. Tons of content and the developer keeps adding more. This is a good deal at its price.
76561198025650160,Not Recommended,507490,30825665,Posted: 29 March,all,Astral,"It feels like an uninspired, ground-based Sins of a Solar Empire, but with no real way to distinguish itself. The units are bland, the story is meh, and the combat just feels drawn out and disappointing. Sins had no campaign or storyline to follow along, yet it somehow feels like a more defined universe, even with the single player campaign present.Also, I really hate whoever decided that an airhorn was an acceptable unit response noise."
76561198260864456,Not Recommended,507490,29295320,Posted: 16 January,all,MariJamUana,"This is the full version of Ashes, The last version your payed AAA money for was basically a Pre Alpha. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developer money grabbing.Good game but would not recommend wasting your moneys."
76561198133845992,Recommended,507490,34476536,Posted: 25 August,all,Blitzwing,"Great Game, but you need a really good PC."
76561197970109945,Recommended,507490,32402152,Posted: 13 June,all,bustin_81,"Countless hours of Sins of a Solar Empire led me to this game with high hopes.  It lived up to it from the beginning, and continues to impress with content additions and updated gameplay.  Another epic Stardock game."
76561198052109716,Recommended,507490,29999755,Posted: 17 February,all,Sarumoon,"Ahh what can i say, I'm bummed that i had to pay for a game that everyone else that owned the original game got for free, cuz i was loyal and bought the new game as soon as it came out, and then they rewarded all the people that DIDN'T give them money with a free version of the new game, ok that i dont love, but its a great game and i gotta move on, sometimes you get the bear, and sometimes the bear gets you.Edit: I know about the season pass i got for paying for the new game, but i ALREADY had all the DLC from buying the Gold Edition of the original game, which included all Escalation DLC."
,Recommended,507490,32402089,Posted: 13 June,all,Agent DiNozzo,Absolutely Brilliant. Wonderfully huge battles and plenty to keep busy with.Would still like more unit upgrades and building upgrades however.
76561198097240869,Recommended,507490,30015821,Posted: 18 February,all,raven_179,"Since the original and Escalation merged, I have few issues with this game. It's very well put together. My one issue is that the story is a little bit boring. Other than that, 10/10."
76561198032126493,Recommended,507490,28812650,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Major Senior Citizen,"This game is on the right track.  For those who love the Supreme Commander games and large scale action you should take a good look at this game.  The devs are going in the right direction, keep it up and you'll have a real classic."
76561198011821811,Recommended,507490,29069157,Posted: 6 January,all,jamesnicol1979,I loved playing sup comm so though i would give this a try. playing the single player and it is always crashing on DX11 and DX12
76561198116491640,Recommended,507490,28870996,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,123tanmerican321,"As stunned as I was that Stardock releasd Escalation as a standalone DLC when it just delivers on my original expectation of the unfinished steaming pile of Beta that was AotS vanilla, I still ponied up for the 50% off version of escalation. Worth it. For $60, ashes scratches a unique itch that forged alliance has left untended for years.Units and structures are constructed using engineers and credits over time a la Forged Alliance.Bases can actually be built up and defended in a meaningful way.Some structures can be upgraded, units unlock with the right pre-reqs rather than a clear tier 1-2-3 system.Dreadnaughts, while limited to Rock, Paper, Scissors feel like Experimentals, leveling and earning abilities.Unfortunately if you are looking for online multiplayer action, AotS is completely dead. After bending over every longtime fan of the genre who supported the early access AotS Vanilla, the animosity was bound to have repercussions. Just look at the reviews on the original. That said, I paid for both, $60 total, and I received 20 hours of fun so far and counting. Half the price and twice the entertainment of a trip to a theme park."
76561198016162955,Recommended,507490,28650431,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,2HK||Fail_Hard,"Much improved from the original Ashes of the singularity.Upgradable stationary defenses, new units, and even bigger maps with more terrain!"
,Recommended,507490,29591470,Posted: 30 January,all,Surge,"Brings back great memories of TA and Supcom: FA.Not quite there yet in terms of greatness, but it's damn close and only getting closer. I expect it to surpass FA in time if Stardock can deliver on their promises (nothing suggests they won't)."
,Recommended,507490,29621503,Posted: 31 January,all,Dr Mike,"I have played this game since the original Ashes of the Singularity was available in early access. It has progressed a long way, and keeps getting better."
76561198043905981,Recommended,507490,31127881,Posted: 13 April,all,Trues55,good game Air power is kinda OP thou id recommend it
76561197972213054,Recommended,507490,29959149,Posted: 16 February,all,stuffit25,massive improvement upon last game - which was awesome anyway!!
76561198007856168,Recommended,507490,28849492,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,castildd,An awesome addition to a great RTS game.
76561198000088094,Not Recommended,507490,26725269,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,GOObER,"It is a fun game until you realize it's just a mish-mash of who can build quicker and who can send units quicker. The game has tons of units and ways to be unique in your approach but it ultimately boils down to who can click faster and who can send more units quicker. So I grew tired of it after I figured out the units in the game.This game is like most RTS games today - it gets ultimately boring and limited because it does not bring a lot of new ideas to the table. This is the barrier to overcome for most current RTS games.The next stage of future RTS games would include some of these features ...1. Every unit can level up and gain new abilities no matter how small.2. Each faction is radically different and has radically different goals.3. Leaders and scientists can be attached to individual units and then transferred to other units and buildings.4. Research trees could be dependent on which leaders and scientists are alive.5. Weather could be a new variable in the top down battles.6. Orbital motherships could be involved and have the ability to move and transfer units.7. Landscapes could be changed due to building skills, weapons and weather.8. A vast array of different natural ecosystem obstacles and advantages could be employed.All the old elements of a decent RTS are present in Escalation and they are great but it is 2017 and I am looking for something else."
,Recommended,507490,29099428,Posted: 7 January,all,-KV- Duoinvasion,"got it on sale for christmasif you arent a really good RTS player like me you will find the AI on normal to be extremely hard to beat on some levels.i do like the benchmark feature to see how good my rig is so +1story mode is actually pretty good, not everything is the same from one mission to the next.maps are also a good point as well. would rec this game"
76561198022234313,Recommended,507490,30234015,Posted: 27 February,all,Rodel Ituralde,"Definitely a great game. I can understand some people's frustration as the game does on occasion freeze and require me to shut it down from task manager, but it usually only happens (for me) at the end of the mission, and the auto save is usually only about 30 sec before the freeze. Looking forward to more episodes..."
76561198009650408,Recommended,507490,29052593,Posted: 5 January,all,Ivan,"Pretty good game, bought it to see if someone had made a better supreme commander yet, Answer; No but pretty close to it, i like the unlimited population and the epic units are fun if not a bit samey.A couple of issues, selecting individual units in a mob is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥and units have that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tenency to run off chasing something to go and get killed.But these are minor things. Its a great game and with a little tweaking id say it could be 80% as good as Supreme commander 2."
76561198158021928,Recommended,507490,28904171,Posted: 1 January,all,Zatyzaty223,"I really like this game, and I think it's a great upgrade from the first one, but recently I've had a lot of troubles just launching it. At first it just took forever. I thought it was nothin, but then the launcher is now crashing, freezing up, and not doing its freaking job! please fix this! Also, REALLY SALTY that theres no third faction in this."
,Recommended,507490,28962406,Posted: 2 January,all,OppressionOrifice,"Didn't buy the original game due to the intentional distancing from Supreme Commander. With Escalation the developers seem to have eased off on this position and as such I was interested again.The game is well optimized - my cpu and gpu are both maxed out on 100% usage while playing (DX12). Gameplay is decent however there are not currently as many options as FA (arty, TML etc.) Reading some devposts though T4 units seem to be on the horizon (akin to experimentals) as well as more unit diversity in earlier tiers.This is probably one of the only modern RTS' barring Starcraft with a chance at any real staying power (rip Grey Goo) so if you don't want to be stuck playing Forged Alliance Forever I'd give this a shot."
76561198026658222,Recommended,507490,31284994,Posted: 21 April,all,screwt8pe,"I've had this game for a few weeks and have found it enjoyable to play. It is refreshing to play a game that does not require a great deal of micro-management. You decide your objectives, create your forces, and have at it. If you have time the battles are entertaining to watch, but too often your attention must be elsewhere on the battlefield. The learning curve I've found to be a bit of a challenge, but that keeps it interesting without feeling like it is too much to manage."
,Recommended,507490,32544763,Posted: 18 June,all,Pipboy2010,Its really good
,Recommended,507490,32333579,Posted: 10 June,all,Philldoe ಠ_ಠ,"Ashes is certainly a game RTS fans will enjoy. People who complain about the game being slow and boring are just playing the game on low difficulty levels or avoiding online play. Modding support is mostly in, and te roadmap shows even more ease of modding being added very soon."
,Recommended,507490,32332378,Posted: 10 June,all,Ace Fox,"I can certainly recommend this game for those who enjoy grand-scale RTS like Supreme Commander or Sins of a Solar Empire. It's more about strategy rather than tactics, economy rather than APM, and macromanagement rather than micromanagement. Pacing is slower compared to contemporary RTS like Starcraft, Company of Heroes, Command and Conquer, and etc; this gives you more time to be creative with your strategy and to also appreciate the breadth/depth of the game. Graphic-wise, this game is great but I do wish that the developers make it easier to recognise units when zoomed out (maybe they can try using more distinct/unique unit icons like in the Supreme Commander series)Unlike Supreme Commander which tends to lag terribly whenever you try to form a gargantuan army, this game seems to be able to handle such situations very well. The engine is well-optimised but you will certainly need a decent GPU/CPU in order to take full advantage of it. In terms of gameplay, I especially like the ability to form ""meta-armies"" which helps to significantly reduce the amount of micromanagment you need to do. Meta-armies are basically units which are grouped and controlled (to a tactical, unit by unit level) by rudimentary AIs. It generally works quite well with the siege units staying behind and the frontline units charging forward but I did notice that the support units tend to have a rather bad habit of leading the assault; not a very good thing as support units are poorly armoured and armed.Overall, a great game and certainly worth your hard-earned cash. The developer (Stardock) really does care about the community; they are responsive to feedback and they have a good habit of supporting their games for a really long time (take Sins of a Solar Empire for example; this game is almost a decade old and they still released a rather significant update for it a few months back). Great game, great developers, and the asking price is certainly reasonable."
76561197970589043,Recommended,507490,32321240,Posted: 10 June,all,Ushgarak,"Summary followed by detailed review:+: Focus on decent AI rather than e-sports allows decent singleplayer/comp stomp experiences, with competitive gaming still very possible+: Excellent for those who like large scale, macro rather than micro battles+: Taken good inspiration from various decent RTS games- e. the territory control of Company of Heroes, the basic strategic set up of games like Total Annhiliation etc+: Post-launch support excellent with many free updates and improvements+: Love the Main Menu music+: Future looks good if they can get it done-: Game feels very sterile and hard to get excited about- gameplay stronger than presentation-: Powerful computer needed-: High concept plot not well realised in-game; story only became interesting after a lot of updates-: Two existing factions don't feel very distinct, either stylsitically or gameplay wise. More content here needed, more factions in future may fix this---An RTS very much made with the mindset of me and a lot of my friends- an emphasis on macro rather than micro, not completely focussed on competitve e-spots (though competitive play is entirely possible) and built from the ground up to focus on decent AI, allowing interesting single player and- particularly good for me- decent comp stomping experiences.  It's a territory control game like Company of Heroes and has a certain amount in common with Supreme Commander and Total Annihilation, though vets of those games could produce a long list of the differences. It's a game with a lkarge scale with a horde of units possible, but the price of the scale and the AI focus is that you need a decent computer to run it- people with older PCs will struggle.The basics are all very good and, inevitable needed tweaks aside, the designers have created exactly what they wanted in a gameplay sense and I thoroughly recommend it on that basis- if you feel a slower, non-esport style RTS sounds a good idea, this is definitely worth a look.However, although well designed, it's far from perfect. The feel of a game is important to me and Ashes feels very sterile on many levels. The mostly dull units glide effortlessly over the terrain and tend to jumble into a mass where it's not always apparent which is which, and the visual distinction between the two factions is poor (and gameplay wise they don't play very differently either). The units don't respond to you and have no personality. It's hard to build up any sort of bond to a faction or unit like I might do in Starcraft or Dawn of War (DoW 2, in particular, seems the opposite of this game- full of life and joy but, gameplay wise, shot full of holes, especially playing against AI; I understand DoW3 is similar). The maps are the same- they work well for gameplay (and I think their relative ease of design means they have been made in healthy numbers) but they are all visually dull, basically just dead wasteland backdrops for you to fight in. Some of the firing effects have an interesting aesthetic, like the graceful blue rain of death fired by one faction's artillery unit, but they have no feel of weight or consequence or urgency; units softly blow up or fizzle out of existence. Compare this to Company of Heroes and the fantastic feeling of impact when a tank is shot away and the real feel of ruin when artillery strikes take out units who cry out and demolish what was once a beautiful landscape; Ashes has none of this.This is compounded by the basic plot setup. Ashes goes for a very high concept setting about the early days of humans who have super-evolved, via technology, into higher lifeforms. Their efforts to begin to colonise the galaxy lead to the creation of a hostile AI and general tensions and warfare all around. It sounds like an intriguing plot but it's often not well realised here. Something so high concept is not easy to explore in an RTS but what is surprising is that the writing seems at odds with the concept- the so-called 'Post-Humans' look human, act like humans and apparently have all the failings and limitations of humans. As far as the viewer/player is concerned, they pretty much just ARE humans with the tech to broadcast themselves to other planets and remote control armies; that's neat tech but doesn't feel like a new concept of evolution. The central concept of a super-evolved post-human society is not realised at all. The AI faction suffers the same story issue of many AIs- they often have no personality. There's one central AI personality which is of some note but her plot is right out of the basic ""AI goes rogue because of abusive humans"" book. Even in the main AI camapign, virtually all of the discussions and plot advancement is from the Post-Human perspective, making the AI feel a bit of a non-thing. It's all a shame for me as a few touches of presentation to a faction which help me form a bond can lead me to enjoy a game much more.If you are a veteran RTS gamer, note the AI on its non-cheating settings isn't THAT good yet. Once you learn how to play Skirmish you will level it pretty easily; the claims that Ashes' Normal AI settings can beat most players seems to be based on the idea that most players trying out Skrmish don't know how to play, on which basis I imagine even the games with rubbish AI win. In particular, whilst the AI is good logistically, it is poor tactically- for example, it often advances long range units that could level base defences at a distance into the range of those defences. It also makes poor use of the 'Army' function of the game. Similar to fleets of Sins of a Solar Empire but more developed, you can combine your hordes into great 'metaunits' that act as a single intelligent entity, units placing themselves within the group as needed at the cost of slowing the force to the speed of the slowest part of it. The AI breaks up its metaunits far too much, meaning they are easily crushed piece by piece by larger forces you create, Incidentally, the army system itself doesn't always work properly, and with too many units the 'Form army' button simply stops responding, an unusual technical failure in a modern polished game.But what outweighs all of my concerns above is the fantastic post-launch support this game has had. It's already had an effective re-launch under the 'Escalation' label, which added new things and fixed various issues, and there's been numerous free and cheap extras thrown in at regular intervals, and they are striving to improve the AI. The day before this review, a new six-mission campaign, continuing the main plot, was thrown in for free, along with a new super-unit for each side, adding a new unit tier to the game. This is all very much appreciated- and despite my concerns about the plot above, the effort they have made has meant that I am now starting to get interested, The Post-Humans might be conceptually poorly realised but they do have personalities and they have got themselves intro a plot plight that I am actually interested to see develop. The plot is also hinting at two extra factions that may make their way into the game, which would be an enormous boost to it, especially if they are visually distinct and give the game some of the 'oomf' it currently lacks.All in all, nothing is perfect, but there is no other game I know of that is even trying to build an RTS geared towards the singleplayer/comp stomp side of things, the post-launch support should be rewarded and the game could have a very interesting future. It deserves a try from any RTS fan, especially those who aren't exclusively competitively focussed."
,Recommended,507490,32572697,Posted: 19 June,all,z1ggy,"It's a pretty good game. AI is really competent. Graphics wise it is really pretty, the map can fit a lot of units."
,Recommended,507490,28200830,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Bluetooth Battleaxe,"Very much a spiritual successor to Supreme Commander.  Ashes of the singularity: Escalation is a huge improvement from the base game that came out earlier this year.If you enjoy battles with lots of units, getting dizzying arrays of resources/powers at your command, you will enjoy Ashes.  The one major difference if you haven't played the base game between this and most RTS's (Namely Supcom), is that resources are driven by capturable nodes, that are improveable by your engineers in order to generate additional resources.  Having to expand yourself very thin in order to capture enough nodes to keep your war machine running can be very challenging at first, but is a very rewarding style of gameplay that forces both the AI and players to look at other options rather than simply seizing one point and holding.Overall, I greatly enjoy this game, and am very excited to see what comes next."
,Recommended,507490,35205807,Posted: 25 September,all,calvin.isk,it's good.
76561198011573920,Recommended,507490,26734173,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,rit,"A very good games engine. If you like single player campaign games you will find what is included is fun, but can be completed very quickly.It seems that the campaign is just a prelude to future (chargeable) content."
76561198020736110,Recommended,507490,26757258,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dolmant v2.0,"Great game, encourages lots of action and army building with the creep and point control mechanic. Everything I liked about supreme commander rolled in with a bit of COH style multiplayer. Great game!"
76561198087048315,Recommended,507490,28320730,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SoD.Cliff,"I love RTS games, played a lot of starcraft 2 in the past few years and this game reminds me the macro aspect of starcraft. I really like that style of gameplay and Ashes does it really well so i loved it. Great game hope they will keep developing it and that the community grows because there are  so much more to explore and techniques to develop."
76561198006305662,Recommended,507490,35146271,Posted: 23 September,all,EarthenVessel33,"A lot of fun!  There are many new units and upgradeable buildings in Escalation!  An army can also be supplied by reinforcements being teleported in...if you have the required unit or have tagged a Substrate unit with the ability.The campaigns were a lot of fun, and challenging...at least for me!  :-D  It took a while to figure out how some of the new features work.  It would be nice if the developers were required to keep the documents up to date!  Add a unit or feature...update the documentation or update the documentation and implement it.  The latter is what is taught when you get your software engineering degree, but never updating documentation is what managers insist upon! :-)They even left new features in for the King of the Hill scenario [of course they made sure there is a hoard of dreadnaughts that spawn at about 29 minutes]!If you get stuck with one of the campaigns there is someone on Youtube that has recorded it.  ;-)REALLY great graphics, and a lot of fun!  GG!"
76561198231310572,Recommended,507490,26666312,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TheGameHen,Really nice.  If you are into RTS games you will really like it.
,Recommended,507490,26700973,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,QuantumTV,"if you are a fan of warhammer style RTS then this game is for you, although it is relatively hard on the gpu/cpu i recommend using a sli set up before purchasing this game as one gtx 1080 was only able to push out 45 fps, whereas my now sli 1080 build pushes it up to 67. Streaming this is another matter even with my oc'd i7 6900k (8 core) i was only able to achieve 15 fps (of course i was streaming at 1080p) all in all it is a really good game def would recommend it."
76561197994262079,Recommended,507490,26703063,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,revised_placebo,"To keep it short:This is a better version of the Ashes. Bigger, better, more enjoyable simple - more juice :)New single player campaigns are well thought, and  yes, finally the substrate side is nicely presented there.Pros:+New single player campaign showing substrate side+New units for both side and new maps+Strategic overview (similarly  as in supreme commander) which helps navigate over the battlefield+Better AI compared with the AotS+Looks like the game is less resources consuming on my PC - means better optimised.+Music - as in AofS  - epic music reminding me a little bit Jeremy's Soule Total Annihilation. This really adds up to the atmosphere of the battlefield with all of its twists and spins.Cons:- Still for me the single player campaign is too short and a little bit too simplistic - there is a lot of possibilities to be exploited in my opinion- health of units grouped in the army is not so easily visible which may have dire consequencesAnd one general remark - I was a disappointed that it is a stand alone game and it is not somehow consolidated with the original one. Currently, these are two different games with  different DLCs (soundtrack for example). Maybe developers should think about making it as a one game - of you have bought two? Such a solution in the future will be more than wlecomed. As now - it is a little bit irritating and also require more HDD space.Anyway - if you like Supreme commander or SC FA,  most probably you will like it."
76561197997965510,Recommended,507490,26737016,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Ruthless Crow,"Pretty good game all in all, Takes a bit of muscle to run so check required and recomended specs.  I have had no issues running the game, no crashes, no real issues at all. So then it comes to taste. This game is more Supcom that starcraft.. The maps are huge, to small, alot bigger than any Supcomm, or any other RTS i have tried. Can be daunting trying to keep track of everything. The Devs delivered exactly what they said they were going to."
76561198007270635,Recommended,507490,34861863,Posted: 10 September,all,rbarnson,My favorite rts game. A must have.
76561198039020670,Recommended,507490,26667636,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Coach Awesome,"For what it's worth, I actually liked the core Ashes of the Singularity game as well, but Escalation is better in every possible way. More units, more environments, more teams, and defined differences between the factions now. Haven't even had a chance to play the updated campaign yet, but this is a definite recommendation for any fans of the strategy genre."
76561198018932132,Recommended,507490,28399752,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,don60w,just plain old good.
76561198035627408,Recommended,507490,32346143,Posted: 11 June,all,Spartan 1337,"Thought I would help out the Devs by leaving a review.I for one, absolutely love RTS games, and good ones are a little hard to come by. At least, in my kind of taste, e.g: Large scale, lengthy, full of explosions and wreckage and destruction and... etc. Ashes of the Singularity: Escalation feels quite a bit like a modern Supreme Commander mixed with Sins of a Solar Empire, two both amazing games.However, not only does the game shine in it's scale and beauty, the developers, Stardock, are completely in love with their game, and are incredibly passionate about their creation, as they should be! Plus, they are equally supportive and passionate about their community, which is arguably one of the most important aspects of a great development team!Basically, game is awesome, looks good, massive scale, and developers who are passionate about the game and their community! Awesome work guys, looking forward to the future of this game!"
76561198076849258,Recommended,507490,34816850,Posted: 8 September,all,diniq87,"BIG MASSIVE RTS GAME. Love it, wish more like it. thanks"
,Recommended,507490,34833399,Posted: 9 September,all,Snake,Such a beautiful large scale RTS. 11/10
,Recommended,507490,26695681,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,scrappinak,Excellent RTS game which reboots and sets a new bar for the genre.
76561198161381437,Recommended,507490,28192630,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,MattPark1,this is a great RTS game that I have a would recommend to anyone!
,Recommended,507490,28334450,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Improbable,"Okay, so first things first.THIS GAME IS NOT CASUAL.It's not as fast-paced, every-second-matters as, say, Starcraft, but generally plays faster than SupCom. I have played a lot ofr strategy games and consider myself pretty good at them, but this one is tough, punishingly so at times. Take that as you will.The campaign is well-thought-out and engaging, although the third and fourth missions I thought were a bit of a slog. Skirmish play is entertaining and intuitive enough to make AI play worthwhile, which is good, because the community is pretty small by comparison to many.I like the system of global upgrades and orbital abilities, they make it far easier to manipulate the battlefield on large maps as well as adding the interesting dimension of hunting for the other guy's jammer so you can drop a tungsten rod on his head.Unit rosters are simple enough to understand with little difficulty and balanced enough to force a varied army composition, but be warned; no amount of the small-class ships will even make a dent in a dreadnought. Small ships in general could use a buff, if only to make them marginally useful in the late game.On the subject of things that need buffs, the static defenses. No amount of upgrades make the ground defense turrets worth the investment. Air defenses are a neccessity, as are the orbital-ability jammers, but artillery and cannon turrets may as well be peashooters against anything more than scout craft.All in all, good game. I've enjoyed it immensely, and though it's not perfect, I expect to play this one a fair bit more."
,Recommended,507490,35315563,Posted: 29 September,all,Dead Eye,This is such an amazing RTS that seemingly came out of nowhere for myself. I got hold of the original game when it was in Early Access and haven't regretted it since. The game play and design is good and the campaign(s) weave an interesting and captivating narrative which is such a massive bonus for players who aren't necessarily into the whole multi-player aspect.
,Recommended,507490,26638253,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,BRUDAH,"Good improvement over the first, adds more depth to units, settings for games and much better campaign.would like to see 1 more faction to make rock paper scissors. As right now both factions counter each other too easily imo."
,Recommended,507490,27261054,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Banana Joe,An excellent addition to the first game.  Great storyline and game play as always is stunning.
76561198010714231,Recommended,507490,28524072,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Neomorph,Great game for any RTS fanatic.
76561197972914481,Recommended,507490,28539576,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The Imperator,"Its a very good game and is a good step up from sc but i would prefer lots more unit diversity and perhaps long range artillery, The economy system is interesting and the region concept is very good, the campaign is very good one of the best i've seen! So more troops, more map diversity and i would love a navy, maybe even nukes.  maybe multiple planets as well on the same map, like planatary annihaltion if not maybe jsut the same orbital system. Overall great game, great performance and a fresh perspective on rts's"
76561198030881751,Recommended,507490,29110897,Posted: 8 January,all,Sarge,"I paid full price for the game after missing out on the winter sale, but it was still definitely worth it. This is easily the best RTS out there right now. And with more features and units on the way, some of which will be free DLC, the game is only going to get better.There are a few small bugs and the occasional crash, but hopefully that will get fixed soon.Really looking forward to where this game is headed. A definite recommend. If you like RTS (and have a decent rig) give this a try."
76561198022059517,Recommended,507490,31024526,Posted: 8 April,all,talon1to1,"Overall, Highly Recommended, especially if you like larger scale strategy like forged alliance.This game has taken RTS genre to the next pc evolutionary level, with dx12 performing off the scale while compared to other titles. While the terrain is at times a little bland, this is a small price while moving such large, and manageable forced across vast maps.The A.I. WORKS.    no more broken a.i like in other r.t.s titlesNO BOTTLE NECK ISSUES....Mod support.... With Bated breath.cons:I found that when  forming large fleets, odd aircraft would venture off to the far corners of the map.more stable (launching) if steam overlay is disabled"
76561198006595716,Recommended,507490,30381768,Posted: 7 March,all,Hyperion,"Escalation is a solid strategy game, which delivers on massive scale battle and fast paced engagements. Stardock has some misgivings on suposedly finished products, but playing the game a few good months after release, I see no negative impact on gaming experience. Graphics are eye-candy and zooming into action looks like a breeze.Multiplayer pace is quite good, with each tech tier taking reasonable time and leaving some option to the player. Expect no hand-holding however on the campaign mode, AI can be brutal even on average difficulties.All in all a great game."
76561197998672013,Recommended,507490,30249551,Posted: 28 February,all,elier,"Really enjoying this game, it allows me to play at my own pace as I learn the ropes. Nicely done.  :)"
76561198007421150,Recommended,507490,30250204,Posted: 28 February,all,KRC,A Beautiful Game   10/10
,Recommended,507490,33573535,Posted: 15 July,all,IÐani the Baconator.,"A great RTS game love the large scale warfare, no pop limits, and amazing game engine. If you want to see a game utilize your CPU to the max try this!"
76561198165216554,Recommended,507490,33170669,Posted: 2 July,all,redpointcrux,Great RTS. As fun as Supreme Commander.
76561197976907755,Recommended,507490,33361334,Posted: 7 July,all,Cpt.Krunk,"So, just beat the last mission of all the offered campaigns. Besides a few bugs every few missions, and some seriously over  powered units (which both you and the AI get), this game is quite fun and more importantly, challenging. That coming from someone who has 100% achievement completion on all 4 Starcraft 2 campaigns. Main take aways, the more ""terran"" looking army has pretty bad hunkered defenses in comparison to the more alien looking upgraded defenses. What I liked most is that some missions were more focused on building up strong defenses inorder to slowly amas an army behind your turrets and finally push forward, while other missions almost required fast expanding as much as possible simply to prevent the enemy from taking them, or a combination of both strategies. I also liked how through each campaign, more and more units were unveiled.Overall: 8/10 compared to other RTS's.Graphics: 10/10Scale: 9.5/10 (maps could be larger but armies and simultaneous battles never saw a slow down)Sound: 9/10, some of the dreadnaught weapons sounded amazing (but honestly could have more cool sounding ones). But the ""bleep"" like notifications every time a unit is completed, is quite annoying.Macro: 5/10, the imbalance towards dreadnaughts is a little annoying. Basically requiring you to build them or eventually get crushed (unless you mass bombers and nuke their nexus). Throwing 100 small/mid sized units only to have them all be crushed while the Dreadnaught still has 90% hp. (I know armor penetration is sadly a thing.) The ease with which enemies can steal resource nodes using orbital units is a little too easy it seems.But if you like RTS campaigns, this one is quite good, not quite as polished as Starcraft 2 or some others, but beautiful, cool inter-army formation mechanics.Oh, and the patrol function is♥♥♥♥♥♥for planes. They will stick to the route when enemies come in range, forcing you to make the patrol move along their travel path, or the bombers will be almost useless."
76561197972416134,Recommended,507490,31328260,Posted: 23 April,all,^1Snapᵂᴬᴿᴾ,"absolutely fabulous game!  My 2nd best rts game is now age of kings 2 , Ashes of Singularity is my favorite now!  this game is well balanced and it can be very challenging.  I recommend this game to any that like Real-Time Strategy games!"
76561198067668875,Recommended,507490,33302777,Posted: 5 July,all,danielwp_84,"Great game! I like how more missions are being added. Can be a bit challenging, got to get those defences up or the enemy will take those generators off you in a snap. I like to take my time in each level, so I tend to scale down the speed cause if things are going too fast you can get overwhelmed.  Definitely recommend this game"
76561198020007485,Recommended,507490,28429404,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,stilgar84,"More stuff, Nice campaigns, still good if you like strategic RTS (and not tactical ones like most of the recent ones)"
76561198075012592,Recommended,507490,34563402,Posted: 28 August,all,el_duderino,its good n stuff
76561198012366499,Recommended,507490,28410118,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Sachotic,"I love this game, the planned updates are only going to make it better"
76561198010938140,Recommended,507490,27628122,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rockbuddy9,"Despite having roughly 30 minutes of loading screen time (on multiple launches), I recommend  this game now, it is everything you wanted from the orginal (Ashes of the Singularity) with better ui, frame rate, graphics, units, terrain and optimization. Not to mention a whole 12 extra campaign missions."
,Not Recommended,507490,31331952,Posted: 23 April,all,Jabalwan,Will be amazing when all the bugs are fixed. The DX12 version has been removed from the game. On some of the worlds the lead in scripts take so long to play that there is not enough time to start your first move.Waiting patiently for multiple fixes and game stability.
76561197993527197,Recommended,507490,29151222,Posted: 9 January,all,kZ,"I didn't get the original AoS, got escalation during the sale, so I'm completely unaware of what issues existed. I was a bit hesitant at first but I played Sins quite a bit so I figured Stardock would deliver. I'm really enjoying the game now. It took a bit of getting used to, but the more I understand the game the more fun it has become. I highly recommend to anyone who enjoy RTS games.There were a few reviews about poor performance, I can only speak for myself that dx12 has been completely crash free, not once have I had an issue in that area, I'm happy with the performance with maxed out settings.Most importantly I'm very excitetd about the direction the game is going towards, new tier of units, addition of naval units and confirmation that there are 2 other races that will eventually show up in the game."
,Recommended,507490,30272870,Posted: 1 March,all,sp_oky,"Great, fluid gameplay."
,Recommended,507490,30155691,Posted: 24 February,all,StStep,Its a fun large RTS
,Recommended,507490,30540215,Posted: 16 March,all,enigmatic,"Greetings Post Human, this game has very little in common with Sins of A Solar empire. Yet the theme of it is very memorable. Probably the best DX12 game I have in my library.The fact this is the same game as the original combining the Stand alone Expansion into :Escalation is a big selling point and should realize this game does take quite a bit of understanding to even match the normal non-cheating ai  although I am not very experienced  Myself, I have seen how a experienced player plays. You will form armies and the small tactics will be managed by the concioussness and the singularity will become more apparent. Your aggressive nature will make expanding a natural thing to do, The army size and scale is rediculous but the pacing is something of a fine tunned art. This game is technically very impressive,  but if that's not what really draws you in it will be the challenge it presents to save human kind. The tutorial reveals this game is quite a simple concept (in the sense it's a unifying idea) but the game itself is a lot to take in when you just start out. The music alone makes the game stand out as a unique and killer game,I would complain about the lack of Hot key customization. However the choice between Arrow keys and wasd combined with the utility of the mouse may be just enough too make fixed hot keys acceptable."
76561198316875232,Recommended,507490,31153334,Posted: 15 April,all,agent1933,"Do not rule this software title out because there is still lots of potential for this RTS, but lacks content and diversity in relations to Supreme Commander Forged Alliance."
76561198014604398,Recommended,507490,30365316,Posted: 6 March,all,Bronze Ego,Great RTS if you like games like Supreme Commander and Total Annihilation.  Good campaign and multiplayer is very active.
76561197970756092,Recommended,507490,30437174,Posted: 10 March,all,"Lambert, Lambert - What a prick.",Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance is still the better game despite it's age. You can safely get this one tho if you are done with supcom or just cant stand the dated graphics. But you might find this title very basic and find yourself missing stuff supcom does that this title does not.
76561198027839352,Recommended,507490,30310322,Posted: 4 March,all,Marth,Great game and good buyThe devs seem very friendly to the community. Game is similar to SOASE
76561198018634369,Recommended,507490,27882462,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,nhcvf9,"As an RTS veteran from back to the original C+C, I reviewed this game on the Vanilla version and recommended it because of its superior A.I in the genre (really adapts and challenges you and is very scalable) and its solid resource/unit mechanics and visuals.Its faults back then were a slight lack of unit variety, a couple of U.I issues and its lack of complex tactical options like stealth or naval units.I'm back to say Escalation is a solid step in the right direction and well worth the purchase for new or returning players (only 20 dollars for returning).It did a great job fixing the slight wonkiness of army management and the strategic zoom really helps considering the games huge map scale that only keeps getting bigger (I will say my computer is not a fan at all of the ever-increasing on-screen army sizes lol)More importantly, though, Escalation adds new defense options with upgradable turrets, and new ways to break that defense with strategic aircraft. Both were sorely neeed to give some variety to unit choices and strategies, and with the 3+ additional ground units added per faction as well, there is now a very solid tactical foundation for the game with several strategies one could decide on and change on the fly. I am really pleased by how much they added without flooding the game with units. I have completed all but the last mission of the campaign and its well balanced this time around. The devs have certainly learned from their early hiccups and that is a very good sign!That being said, on to the downsides. Though the Global Abilities (like C+C Generals commander skills) have been given a once over and several new and cool things added to your arsenal there, I can't really say that a new tactical ""layer"" was added. Warping in units and defenses on the fly was always in Vanilla. Its just better and more thought out here.There are still not any stealth mechanics, naval units or burrowing units in the game, and it slightly suffers because of this. That does give the sense that there is plenty of places to go from here, but be prepared to invest in that development too, as the devs have shown that paid DLC is their drive for continuing to enhance the game. The stand-alone part was just to get another shot a review scores after those enhancements go live.I, for one, am completely willing to invest in the game. Its the shot in the arm RTS needs with Starcraft II's bar of entry so high and, so far, the paid content has been well worth it."
,Recommended,507490,33800278,Posted: 25 July,all,jmichaelboonstra,Simply put. I have not enjoyed an RTS this much since StarCraft & the original Company of Heroes.  More missions.
,Recommended,507490,34749385,Posted: 4 September,all,C486,So this is basicly Supreme Commander.I'll give it a +1.
76561198006415513,Recommended,507490,34033691,Posted: 5 August,all,cjweiss97,"I've owned the main game for a long time which i love , the expansion just adds a lot more. Juggernauts are a awesome new unit. which you will love. Well done to the developers, i say."
76561197991990782,Not Recommended,507490,29941972,Posted: 15 February,all,mestrez.m,Poor unit choice - no real spesialisation or tactics - just build the biggest army as fast as possible.Region control is just boring or repetitive.
76561198022178470,Not Recommended,507490,30149917,Posted: 24 February,all,Jacko,"Unfortunately, I don't recommend this game.There are plenty of other reviews that point out the pro's of this game.However, being a massive lover of supreme commander, this game didn't live up to expectactions.My main problems with the game are a lack of unit variety, and (mainly) a poor user interface. You can'd distinguish between the units on screen and the selected units aren't highlighted very well. Considering it's meant to be a strategy game, a big part should be deciding what units to use, as opposed to... make loads and bung them in a massive ""army"". Which seemed all too easy.As a result i've requested a refund after 113 minutes of play time. Just kept inside of that 2 hour playtime refund requirement ;)."
76561198075263945,Not Recommended,507490,34550849,Posted: 28 August,all,Brechnor,"Don't get me wrong the game is good and playing on expert should be frustratingly hard... but there is a broken progression system here in the campaign and it isnt a curve, it's a cliff edge.I can do hard strategy, but this is not right, at all.Take imminent crisis for example, first 3 planets are no brainer without any difficulty selection.Deneb on expert is workable, spam as many units as possible and send them north, there is enough time to do what you like.Yorkshire on expert is workable, play it like a classic macro RTS and rush the points before your enemies can tech up. Treat this one like a skirmish, not a campaign.So far, there is clear logic required to win.Then we get to Calethaon and the imbalance for expert shows.Method 1: BALANCEDa: send a couple of units to cap top middle to aim for critical mass, send the remaining starter units to the lower capture point.b: make factories and medium level factories for balanced army.RESULT: enemy rush obliterates balanced set-up time required.Method 2: TURTLEa: a: send a couple of units to cap top middle to aim for critical mass, send the remaining starter units to the lower capture point.b: build anti air turrets north, build sentinels lower main base mixed with a few smartiesc: build brutes to defend turretsRESULT: attrition kills at red bar before critical mass.Method 3: SUPER CHEESE TURTLE STYLEa: Spam smarty systemsRESULT: Seems just as effective if not sligtly better as the other turtling method and loses at same point, probably too effective considering how absolutely cheesy it is, all the other methods simply don't compare to this.Method 4: PUSH OUT AND HOLDa: do the basic setup tropes, 2-3 fatories, armoryb: scatter various air defences at backc: rush forward and hold forward defence point, place extractors down around itd: Produce brutes and archers to corral around forward point with frigate killing cruiserse: while fighting happens around that area, build up defences around factories in main base for giant wave push.RESULT: surprised? Not really, it's the same result. You get the idea by now.Method 5: SUPER CHESE UNIT SPAMa: rush extractorsb: rush factoriesc: spam everythingRESULT: face planted in sand and pushing up daisies.LOGICAL CONCLUSIONS:1: you have to create air defences at the back, at least 4 constables within a few minutes or forget it, restart.2: Most of the enemy is frigate spam, so you have to build to counter this, and do it FAST or again forget it.(this ALREADY severly limits potential opening moves)3: Cheese is better and more effective, less effort than any method in defence.4: No matter the CPM, result is the same.THOUGHTS:I am assuming expert at this point received far less play testing than the other difficulties because here's the problem;The first and second main missions have clear ways to beat them, yes they still require some SERIOUSLY quick clicking starcraft 2 style but combined with pre-planning and thought they are fine. The third mission that has expert selectable difficulty however, nope.I love defence missions in RTS games and have been playing them since battle for middle earth 1 helms deep, so im not green in missions like this... but for the third expert mission we have this much of a unit spam coming at the base from dot? Something seems slightly off considering the options you have are scattered around a handful of basic strategies with the map layout and time of attacks with their frequencies.This mission should have been longer with more sensible enemy wave patterns that still stretched you to click and think as fast as possible but not hit you with a hammer and fist right off the bat IMHO.I mean, ignoring the tutorials it's basically campaign 1 mission 3...o_0 *twitches eye*I'm worried about the rest of the expert balancing in the game as I progress now."
76561197993184713,Recommended,507490,29851846,Posted: 11 February,all,PieFiend,Escalation feels much more polished than the original and they have diversified the factions further. I would highly recommend it if you enjoy large scale battles.
76561198297811813,Recommended,507490,29877892,Posted: 12 February,all,the bossatron,it was great
76561198022818563,Recommended,507490,29847071,Posted: 11 February,all,neo8544,huge step above first installment many bugs fixed love the new units highly recommend for those into this genre
76561197984452762,Recommended,507490,32587447,Posted: 20 June,all,Smilin' Dave,"I can see why this game wouldn't be for everyone, but I like it. Love the scale and the emphasis on strategy over micro-management."
,Recommended,507490,29263834,Posted: 14 January,all,TigBits,"I came to this game from the Sins of a Solar Empire universe.  I play other RTS games like Supreme Commander/FA, Homeworld, StarCraft 2 and the like.This game is very addicting and fun to play.  I currently don't play online at all, but I enjoy my time playing the Single player ""campaign"" and other scenarios.  If you are for Solo play, I would highly recommend this for the list. As for online play, I hear it is great as well, but I can't offer comment on it.As far as the gameplay itself goes, this is a wide scale, massive army game.  I find that there are a good selection of units and strategies to employ.I feel that I must note:  There are quite a few negative reviews on here, and I found out why from a mere 5 minutes of searching Google.  There were some bugs on launch of the base game, but my experience with the expansion/recent patches show no bugs of note. The game plays smoothly on my machine with no crashes/fps loss until the end game of a large map with multiple massive armies.  Even then, the fps loss was negligible, and I was able to finish the map with satisfaction.Another ""grudge"" I saw was people were mad that the expansion was released for $20. People were apparently mad about the price and the fact that they thought the expansion ""finished"" the base game and should have been free of charge.  I bought the base game a long time ago but only just started playing.  I played through the campaign (aka Acendancy) and enjoyed it.  I immediately bought the Expansion when I was finished, and I am currently playing through all of the original Acendancy missions AND the new missions from the expansion.  I love it.  I think the price was worth it and this game will be supported by the Devs for a long time to come: aka - new missions, updates, expansions etc.Tl;Dr - I think this game is amazing, and any RTS fan would enjoy it.  The Solo play experience is well worth the price alone.  I easily translated from playing Sins of a Solar Empire and Supreme Commander to this.  I highly recommend this game to any fan of RTS."
76561198051068683,Recommended,507490,30937411,Posted: 4 April,all,L7Hachi,"If you liked supreme commander, I believe you will like this more :). Very good RTS, even though it doesn't reach quite to the level of starcraft and company of heroes (2 personal RTS favorites), the game did surprise me very positively."
76561198010312642,Recommended,507490,30893337,Posted: 1 April,all,AntronGolden,"Really well-designed game.  The scroll-back UI reminds me of my favorite parts of Supreme Commander and makes the chaotic game MUCH more manageable.  (Though I will still scroll back in to see the awesome battles take place).  The game has obviously realized what parts of it are time-consuming or annoying for the user and improvaed them.  While there are many examples, one is the lobby design system.  I can invite my friend with 2 clicks, jump into the game, realize that the settings are wrong, jump back out, and restart the game in about 30 seconds,"
76561198006223475,Recommended,507490,31005502,Posted: 7 April,all,crownmonarch,"If you want to experience some truly epic-scale RTS battles, this is the game for you. There's also a single-player component, which explores the backstory, although it's short and not particularly interesting, and the difficulty curve is not very well tuned. Unfortunately, you won't yet find a lot of players in multiplayer, but other than that, Escalation is actually a very fun RTS. Just note that it requires a relatively powerful computer to run."
76561198017194150,Recommended,507490,29264690,Posted: 14 January,all,caseylund,I liked everything about the game.
76561198033189470,Recommended,507490,30268786,Posted: 1 March,all,DTPO,Great game. Time has never gone so fast as when playing this game. Challenging campaign. Good AI. OK story.  Has alot of pontential.
76561198028349935,Recommended,507490,29680865,Posted: 3 February,all,Vadona,Could be a GREAT game if it did not CRASH all the time.
,Recommended,507490,33904164,Posted: 30 July,all,Stormblessed,"I really like the basics of the game - solid economy system linked strongly to map control, having units behave automatically in the (mostly) best possible way allowing players to focus on strategy rather than tactics. Gamepace starts slow but increases through the game to satisfying levels.Single Player AI is surprisingly adequate opponent.The not so good:The game went through a lot of balancing and people playing since the start went through a many up and downs with glitches, bugs and glaring imbalances. The balance and resource collection tend to force certain unit compositions rather than allow variation.The units in the game are mostly bland. There are dominant strategies that ideally should have good counters but presently do not. Aircraft behavior is weird - permanent flying in circle - and makes for plenty of accidents.The Bad:Multiplayer community is barely existing. Rarely there are more than 15 players online and queing for a match often means waiting 15 minutes for a quick, one-sided slaughter... you see, cant really implement a match-making system with so few players. Really poor solution was placing AI bots in multiplayer to ""fix"" that.Whatever the positives of this game I can't stomach the total lack of effort on the developer side to increase multiplayer player pool and have mostly given up on playing.TL:DR:If you are looking for multiplayer experience - stay away for now.If you are looking for single player experience - it is good, get it."
76561198042459136,Not Recommended,507490,33572040,Posted: 15 July,all,ax-dettmer,"Ashes is to Sins like Unreal 2 is to Unreal.The ages old Battlezone 2 is by far a superior gaming experience,despiteon a smaller scale in mumbers of units and just (meanwhile) dx9 as far as eyecandy goes.Against the AI in skirmirsh mode there is litte strategy or tacticsinvolved. In the lower difficulty settings it is way to easy,in higher difficultysettings the AI gets not smarter but more and more bonuses over the player.I mean in form of resources and unit production times. So it can happen while the playerhas around double the resources of the AI but still struggles to produce big units the AIsends a constant stream of large armies against the player including juggernauts.The outcome of this is pretty predictable. Its a simple numbers game.In fact the whole affair is even more obvious than in games like CIV Beyond Earth Rising Tidewhich is (without mods who adress it) likewise ""balanced"".In addition this game is very powerhungry. So if you have a budget gaming pc,forget it."
76561198046286925,Recommended,507490,29346922,Posted: 18 January,all,Finch871,"I really Like this game. Best part is the competitive ranked and the massive custom battles.I think is one of the best Real Time Strategy what I played last year.There are there things what I miss, we really can use a third fraction I think it would make the game even more exited. Also a unit what can capture the enemy fraction troops or building and than you would be able to craft some of his units, and for last if we can have an observer option for custom multiplayer when you died and you would be able to see the end of the battle.All and all is a really good game guys thanks."
,Not Recommended,507490,33290374,Posted: 5 July,all,DotS,"3 hours in and it already seems way inferior to some of the better games in the RTS genre.Less possibilities to use tactics, the interface and commands are very basic, superweapons seem way overpowered, artillery strikes hard and from well outside your field of view, units are basically made of glass and an army that took you a while to build up is quickly wasted... And an AI that keeps telling you about requiring more logistics. Every 30 seconds. Can't turn it off. Can't increase logistics within a given timespan. I also noticed some crackling sounds in this game.Overall I don't think I can recommend this. Nice graphics, nice unit count (unless you don't keep upgrading those logistics....), but overall it seems like a step down from classic titles. Every single C&C game beats this hands down.A waste of money if you're looking for an actual game beyond the graphics demo. After 3 hours, I uninstalled it and will likely never touch it again.If I weren't above the 2 hours limit, this would be the very first game I'd ever get refunded."
76561198278928073,Recommended,507490,31576903,Posted: 6 May,all,thomasbigus,This is one of the most fun games i've played in a while. You start up a new skirmish and the next thing you know its 2 hours later and the game is starting to get intense.  The game does crash my system rarely but its no big deal. try it. you'll like it.
76561198015390097,Not Recommended,507490,33666021,Posted: 19 July,all,sketchyd,"Such a dud. I loved Total Annihilation. I thought Supreme Commander was pretty fun. This game somehow evaporated the feel of both of those games while still keeping the bones.The visual design lacks contrast, so you feel like you are staring at nothing blips, and the ux wrapped around it is the only thing that indicates its a unit and not more sandy ground.The pacing and resource battles are plodding. Its hard to tell from a distance which resources are which.The units themselves lack variety."
76561198011867908,Recommended,507490,33243980,Posted: 4 July,all,jsagor,"What can I say the game is fun.  I love playing in the skirmish modes.  I also like the ability to upgrade defensive buildings.  Note: You cant snack while playing the game, just too busy beating down the enemy.  Do not play against an insane level enemy, unless being abused is your thing.Improvements:I wish there were more large maps to play on, or a safe place sponsored by the game site to down load safe maps built by other players.There should be a switch allowing you to build a facility on a captured nexus that allows the building of engineers.Need an easy to read cheat/guide sheet  that lays out the upgrades available for buildings and units.Well worth the money.Fun"
76561197981652183,Recommended,507490,33391610,Posted: 8 July,all,zolop,"System informationAMD Vishera 8 core 4 gighertz32 GB system Ram2x R9 290sWindows 10 64xgoing to make this simple review and to the point will update it later on.GameplayThe gameplay in this game is good and it is better and larger than starcraft and similar RTS games.  It has a army system that micro organizes your army to work as a unit, replenishing shields or repairing army units.  Units move information automatically.  The resource system is very similar to Supreme commander games.  Units movement types include hovering and flying.  There are 4 level of units, frigates, cruisers,dreadnouts and Juggernaugts. Sadly thjere is no transport units in the game.  There is also instant abilities like in Command and Conquer games, but thankfully, at least for me, you can disable them when you host a game.  The units were designed very intelligently, with each being of good use in certain situations.  This is especially apparent when the player forms a army, as the army takes care of itself (repairing, reinforcing shields, increasing attack speed abilities, etc). Dreadnougts have their own veterancy levels and get bonuses when there reach a higher level.You also have Quanta resources in the game that you can spend on upgrading your units basic stats, using instant map abilities or increasing unit count.  There are also ""Jammer"" units that can block a terrain area so orbital instant abilities cannot happen in a area.GraphicsGraphics are really good, not much really say anything more.  Since I don't know if this should be in the gameplay I'll put it in graphics.  When you zoom out you have a icon only view of the entire map, similar to how SCFA worked. (SCFA=Sup Com Forged Alliance).  Everything has a icon and numbered groups show up on the map when zoomed out.Sound/MusicThis is good too, not much else to say.SingleplayerHave not played much of it so disregard this review if you are wondering only for singleplayer.MultiplayerIt is very good,  You can have 14 players playing on the same map at one time.  You can set teams for team matches.  You can disable or enable any game mode.  You can disable instant map abilities too.AIVery challenging, in ways that is intelligent.  It will scout the weaker parts of your base and take them apart.  IT will use the information about your armies and counter with units and abilities very well.  Now only if flying transports were in the game.....Is this game worth $40 as a RTS game?  When compared to other RTS games at the same price, it is.  It cannot compare to games like SKyrims replayability if they were both at the same price ($40).Buy it if you are comparing to other RTS at the same price, because it offers a very good RTS.But for a reviewers slant, for me the Best RTS List (1 being the most favorite).1. Supreme Commander Forged Alliance2. Ashes of Singularity Escalation3. Supreme Commander 24. Grey Goo5. Earth 21606. Earth 21507. Starcraft8. Command and Conquer Kanes Wrath (this would be in the 7 spot, if Superweapons were taken out)."
,Recommended,507490,33005281,Posted: 29 June,all,WabbitSlayer,"So far,only one crash."
76561198108343955,Recommended,507490,33408518,Posted: 9 July,all,upchur09,"Fantastic strategy game. Models look great even if the background can be a bit bland. Interesting storyline with varied scenarios. Haven't tried multiplayer yet because I'll probably get wrecked, but single player is more than enough for me."
76561198060293556,Recommended,507490,31567297,Posted: 5 May,all,Achaemenid,"I have played this game a fair bit and it is a quite good RTS but overall I find it a bit too simple compared to the indepth game play of games such as Starcraft. Main reason for this I believe is that you don't have any control of your units abilities as they are all auto-cast. Also the units are not as complex as, for example, Starcraft 2 units which can switch modes from flying to ground or have powerful area of effect abilities.However in Ashes of Singularity you do have something called orbital abilities. However they can be easily countered by unit and buildings which completely lock out orbital abilities and the AI does not seem smart enough to get rid of all those units but rather picks of one or two only. This allows me to always beat the AI by building a critical mass of units with enough orbital blockers and anti-air and then just do a straight beeline for the enemy nexus and finish it off. And the AI seems to have no answer to that as it takes him down every time, even though it might control more resources than me.Still the game is pretty fun for 50-100 hours but I can't see myself play more than that unless multiplayer is really good. For the single-player to be more compelling they have to improve the AI as I have repeatedly destroyed the AI nexus despite him having more dreadnoughts than me. It does not seem to prioritize protecting it's Nexus, which is a major flaw in its design."
,Recommended,507490,31556845,Posted: 5 May,all,Jon,Such a brilliant game and totally addictive!
,Not Recommended,507490,34788665,Posted: 6 September,all,Scuba Corgi,"good single player, bad multiplayer. Player count extremely low. Be warned if you're going into this looking for multiplayer pvp RTS."
76561198078087131,Recommended,507490,33792336,Posted: 25 July,all,jfourish,A new play style of RTS gaming! just finished up all campaigns through the escalation and can't wait for more.
76561198005771481,Recommended,507490,34514948,Posted: 26 August,all,Frank,"With lots of attention and upgrades since its original launch, this has become a very good sci-fi RTS.  For example, originally it did not have the capability to do replays of your battles that you could watch and learn from, and now it does.  It also now has a more extensive campaign.  Credit to Stardock for supporting its product. This game is Stardock's test ground for developing the next generation RTS.  It also has many levels of difficulty to choose from in the campaign and skirmish, so new players can learn the game starting on the less difficult levels and progress up.  That also means that if a campaign mission is hard for you, you can lower the difficulty to complete it if you wish (and then try playing that mission again at the next level of difficulty).  There is much to master in this game, including orbital abilities.The game has more features than I've seen in any other RTS. For example, here's a useful feature not even found in Starcraft 2: game speed control during the game.  In Starcraft 2, you can set the starting game speed to faster, fast, etc, but only at the starting conditions of the game.  In this game, you can change the speed in-game.  I like that because there's more happening in late game, so slowing down the speed in the late game allows more time for thinking and controlling all those units.  This game also has 'free pause', so you can also pause in late game to assess the situation and issue orders."
76561198058491566,Recommended,507490,34773139,Posted: 6 September,all,Πάντα δολοφόνος,Great fun game has aspects that other strategic game do not and it change the game so much for the best had so much fun in this game looking forward to see if there is another coming out.
76561198058506808,Recommended,507490,26700790,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Trtl,I cant say i was to much into the origanl but this one is different and i prefer it over the first ..very much recommended.
,Recommended,507490,26760963,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TargetofTarget,"Great game, very well paced - not like Starcraft - but you can have tons to pay attention to. Just a different pace.Cons:I just wish there was more mapsWish the unit AI was a little smarter.I have a GTX 970 and the frame rate is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. No reason for that.Pros:Great paceLots of unitsBattles look amazingActual strategy to the game unlike Starcraft, where you can mass one unit and have a great chance of winningNo rushing since your main building has defenses"
,Recommended,507490,26766752,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,B411sOfSt33l,Nice game. IA is really hard but fun.
,Recommended,507490,34528197,Posted: 27 August,all,Bigdogpete,I like RTS games and this one is fun to play. Though there are some boards that are challenging at times and most of the times you feel like the whole world is after you (which they are). Overall fun to play and a great RTS universe.
76561198195613559,Recommended,507490,28113371,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,alsblues,"think the game is good have enjoyed playing a couple of the easy maps. runs very smooth and looks fantastic. the only issue is on start up. loading can take between 5 and 8 minutes. this is unusual on my machine it is the only game from steam that takes that long to load, twice it has failed to load at all. even tried removing and reinstalling no change in start up."
76561198091173851,Recommended,507490,31961389,Posted: 25 May,all,FinalFrostasy,I enjoy playing Ashes of singularity more so than a game like starcraft or age of empires. The battles are colossal compared to AOE3 and its fun to build up unlimited defenses and economy to crush any opponent. I don't like the fact their are only 2 factions to play as there needs to be at least 4 imo so I hope the developers get into that more but overall I would recommend the game to anyone who enjoys a good RTS especially if it's on sale.
,Recommended,507490,33985060,Posted: 2 August,all,Stone Monarch,"Great game, air units are OP tho. little bit of balancing still required but 110% worth the money"
,Not Recommended,507490,34565168,Posted: 28 August,all,Klaital,"Not a *bad* game at its core, but it has none of the niceties that I've come to expect from an RTS. Hell, Brood War has QoL features that this game lacks, like adding new units to existing control groups.If they would make unit management smoother, this could be an excellent game. Until then, I think I'll go back to Supreme Commander, or Sins of a Solar Empire.Oh, and I want the ability to skip the intro sequences in the campaign. They get really repetitive when you get killed a lot for not getting the gimmick right."
76561198031123827,Not Recommended,507490,34543613,Posted: 27 August,all,Eugster,"I am still playing the game and trying to decide if the game will grow on me or not.  It has the basic building blocks of Supreme Commander, but this game is no where as good as SupCom in its current state.  The user interface of this RTS needs to have another streamlining pass.  I am undecided on whether I like this game's fundamental balancing and strategic options (especially compared to SupCom's), but I'm playing more of the game and allowing it to grow before making any final decisions.  One thing for sure, however, the glowy graphics of this RTS engine is very pretty.So right now, I cannot give a recommendation to the game.  It did not immediately jump out at me as the next great RTS in its current state, although with more work it could easily become my next favorite RTS along the SupCom / Total Annihilation line of games.  But my ""No"" recommendation is not to say that the game is terrible.  It just needs more work, more refinement.[Note: I've put more into the game than the 2 hours stated here, mostly on an off-line machine.  I am playing this game in single player mode only.]"
76561198278121308,Recommended,507490,28192804,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,alex,"New ""Escalation"" is a mixed bag, good new units, bigger maps. But on the other hand bad visibility of ""paths"" between nodes :(  especially in darker maps (lava, ice) , no ""story"" missions in single player ???Overall - Highly Recommended  !I have spend hours and hours killing time and having fun ;)"
76561198006674364,Recommended,507490,28405924,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Melkirth,"While i was initialy put off by the fact that it is a stand-alone Expantion(Or stand-alone DLC depending how you look at it i suppose)I do recommend this game, it adds new stuff that makes it alot more fun than the original.The new upgradable buildings, Bigger maps, strategic zoom and longer campaign really make it feel worthwhile(For me atleast)I like to play against the AI and ignore the whole multiplayer aspect so i can't comment on that part of the game.But playing agianst the AI is alot more fun now, i can safely make alot of good base defences and go assault the enemy with my units instead of leaving half my army home for defence purposes."
,Recommended,507490,33736982,Posted: 22 July,all,RubberDucks,"Rating 9/10(Single Player)Explanation:A little over a year ago I wrote a review detailing how the single player killed the game for me.Revisiting this new expandalone, I can see that the developers listened and created a functional single player!I will have to admit that this is not the most exciting single play I have ever played. They had a rocky start but showed they are up to taking feedback, correcting issues, and improving the experience for us gamers.   And given the lack of new RTS and strategy games, this has to be one of the best up To date RTS games you can play right now.I really like the concept behind Ashes of the Singularity.  I believe this series has a lot of room for growth.  And I  look forward to seeing what new games and updates come from this."
76561198007675654,Recommended,507490,33757438,Posted: 23 July,all,Fffearsome,"Fantastic game and well worth the money if you enjoy base building and the progressive amassment of superior power in order to finally conquer your opponent - that is after reloading numerous times from your save-game after being crushed for making a stupid mistake!I do see the similarity to Total Annihilation with the Hades (skyship) swarms, which I quite enjoy.I'm not sure if I like the orbital strikes but it's cool that one can disable these when setting up a skirmish; I later realised it cripples your opponent to waste Quanta on this, so I now play with it ON.(This game kept crashing when I first played it. After extensive testing, I discovered my GPU, peaking at only 71 degrees, was failing and lowering the temperature resolved this. Interesting, as it's the first game that's exposed this weakness in my SSC GTX960. Ultimately I resolved the problem by using a custom fan curve which dropped the temp down to 59'. )Some minor things I think could be improved after 40 hrs:The very long start up time - tip: the game can load up in the background so alt-tab just after clicking it, or go make coffee which you'll need.The building object designs - it's hard to tell one structure from another by its appearance.Need an option to locate a building by doing something simple like search-clicking on a build icon.The PHC Charon is hard to select when in a group or army, You'll find out why that's important when you've played it.Changing the camera angle is buggy, though you don't really need to do it, although one might if it worked!The second campaign seems to be a tutorial which should precede the first campaign."
76561198021992691,Recommended,507490,34777502,Posted: 6 September,all,Bob O,"Put of getting this game because people complained about it, i strongly regret that now, its a great game!Its not sup com it plays different, almost a bit more like Sins TBHCool extra game modes aswell, like defned a hill top aslong as u can against endless waves of enemies. Gets hectic fast!"
76561198059500755,Recommended,507490,26701136,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Green Raven,"Its absolutly awesome, but make sure you can run it..."
76561198006866647,Recommended,507490,33798669,Posted: 25 July,all,xkeltx,Glad I picked up this game. Very enjoyable. Runs smoothly on recommeded specs. Also got the expansion for free.
76561197985807618,Recommended,507490,26757777,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Dreapen,"Was in the best team of 4 for Supreme commander Forged Alliance, with that said- I know imbalances when I see them.Either a bug or serious game breaking issue: the hyperion.You can have air units, 2 units at same tier, with a slow encroaching 30 units by sets of 3 not even come close to destroying this guy, while it whipes out the base defenses and your main capitol.the repair speed and the coupling of air units unsepparable from ground unit groups (your air and ground combine to an insepparable Single Army Unit, not allowing any micro or separation), creates a huge reduction in player creativity rendering the strategic prospecs and hopes absolutely useless.Will update asap as new patches and fixes come out. For now, the game seems like a complex way to fool someone into thinking it is simliar to other macro-rts games."
76561197964589302,Not Recommended,507490,34514278,Posted: 26 August,all,0xbaadf00d,"This game, like this review, both will be lost in space and time but for different reasons.I played every RTS game ever. KKND, Original war, Starcraft(both), Total Annihilation, TA Spring, Supcom, FA and Warzone 2100 for a few honorable mentions of good games.They tried so hard to repeat Supcom, and just failed. They have not understood what makes supcom a good game.I had what I can from the game, I don't feel like playing it any more.I got it 50% off and even that seems a ripoff to me.There are better games that are free. If you want multiplayer go play Zero-K or Balanced Annihilation, both free and WAY better than this.-----EDITSo you want to know why I don't like it?Unit balance is stupid, it's very rock paper scissory. Extremely. I sent 500 frigates against the enemy base, as a test. I upgraded the HP and damage of my units to 5 times normal. Still can't beat 3 anti frigate turrets.Unit formations are bad. If your army is split up, they won't group up when you give them an order to attack, they go in single file. There is no quick way to remove units from an army, apart from disbanding the entire army. Engineers get grouped to armies when you order two to build the same thing.Units are boring and aircraft just look weird. It's like they aren't affected by any known physics. I have my graphics set to Extreme and it still looks dull.When fully zoomed out, you cannot give orders to units.There is something off with the UI. The menus just don't work quite as good as I'd hope they would.Just a few thoughts, I bet there are professional reviews around which are way better than mine."
76561198172479758,Recommended,507490,26528760,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Summonable,The tutorial was legit I'll update after a few more games
,Not Recommended,507490,34549351,Posted: 28 August,all,Carnagath,"A RTS where you smash blobs of rock/paper/scissor units into other blobs. Like Supreme Commander, but with half the unit variety. Also, Supreme Commander looked gorgeous for its time, this doesn't. Terrain looks blurry, unit detail is meh, effects are mediocre, all that on max settings. It's also a resource hog, on a 4790k, 16g ram and GTX1080 at max settings the framerate drops to 40-ish frequently. The recent Vulkan update, which was advertised that it would make a massive difference in performance, does not. I get very similar results on the benchmark compared to DX12. The campaigns are playable but nothing exciting. I would only recommend this on heavy discount, it's definitely not worth full price."
,Not Recommended,507490,30276455,Posted: 2 March,all,ChrisMcMahon,"Sci-fi RTS is my favourite genre, so I hoped this would be a better Supreme Commander:Forged Alliance - the gold-standard in RTS, IMHO.It's not. It's not even half the game SupCom is.The game looks good, if you have the system to run it with all graphic options turned on. But it's gameplay is fairly shallow with it's limited number of unit types. The current DLC don't add any unit types either, just new maps or scenarios.But my major issue with the game is the lack of polish. Small, but annoying things like, having to quit and do a lengthy reload every time you change a graphics option (which happens surprising often as crashes seem to reset them). Also the game runs the installer every single time you launch it. It's also a really badly behaved multitasker with other programs. It'll hog 100% of the CPU for long periods of time, even pausing the game doesn't stop the sound or reduce the CPU load.But most annoying is the constant crashes. I can't play 2 campaign missions in a row without a CTD, generally on the opening cinematic for the 2nd mission.Buy Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance instead (if you haven't already). It's cheaper. It has lower system requirements. And most importantly, it's a much deeper, more polished and stable game.http://store.steampowered.com/app/9420Even Supreme Commander 2, the less well received ""console friendly"" dumbed-down version of SupCom, offers a better experience than Ashes currently does.http://store.steampowered.com/app/40100If Stardock release a few DLC unit packs, gets rid of the crashes and makes the game more system-friendly I'll change my review, but at the moment it's one step forward, two steps back over SupCom.Update: There also seems to be a group of fanboys who are down voting negative reviews, possibly to silence detractors? Well if pointing out issues with the game, and taking the time to write something more than a two word review, as well as suggesting better alternatives is ""unhelpful"", then I guess I'm guilty as charged."
76561198009545323,Recommended,507490,31771532,Posted: 15 May,all,ertendeger,The AI and the game mechanics are so profound. I rate this game 9/10. I wish the scenario could be longer.
,Recommended,507490,31903369,Posted: 22 May,all,GeoffSmites,"I know SC:FA.And sir, youre no SC:FA."
,Recommended,507490,32394602,Posted: 13 June,all,WhiskeyPinata,DIS GAEM IS GUD. U BUY NAO. haz juggernotz and dey go booooooom
76561198030753524,Recommended,507490,29509532,Posted: 26 January,all,[CT] Forced Jaketh,"Have enjoyed this game greatly, great to see some decent RTS out coming out again.The resource system in the game is a streaming economy akin to Total Annihilation and Supreme commanders, which I enjoy personally so its a plus for me. This allows me to que up tasks and choose when to pause and start them again at will depending on the situation. I enjoy taking my time and building up defenses as well as sometimes taking a more aggressive strategy which this game allows, though i honestly haven't tried out the multiplayer only skirmishes and the campaign.I found the campaign fun if just a little sparse in the story between missions, which is okay I did enjoy the cinematic and story i did receive. Hoping to see more campaign content in the future, perhaps a grand campaign style skirmish mode to extend play-ability ;P The leap between normal and harder was noticeable, which is a nice change, meaning i lost a few games to not using the right strat or not paying attention (oops haha).For some reason the game runs my computer fairly hot, Im not sure what thats about, no lag or anything still smooth pretty looking game play but my computer starts pumping out heat as soon as i load it. BF1 and stuff are fine but oh well. Ive also encountered some freezing at the end of missions. Never during mind you, only when i finish it will lock up but continue playing sound which meant i had to manually quit it and watch the cinematic online. Do note I didnt go look up a fix, i just dealt with it as lazily as possible haha.Give it a shot and enjoy the campaigns. Skirmish is great and get on and judge multiplayer for yourself :)"
76561197971505833,Recommended,507490,31102069,Posted: 12 April,all,Bradolf Pittler,"I am writing this quick review in regards to the 2.20 update optimizations. I purchased the orginal AotS during beta and was suprised to find Escalation in my library earlier this year. With the recent update, I am seeing a decent optimization increase with AMD cpus while noticing much smoother gameplay with large numbers of combat units on the map . Playing on a 21:9 3440x1440 34'' panel at 50+ fps with high/ultra settings is impressive considering the age of my pc hardware. I am still recommending this as a fun rts game with good developer support that that most AAA titles seem to be lacking these days."
,Recommended,507490,31007203,Posted: 7 April,all,Creativeworks,"Reviewed Ashes of the Singularity with disstaste, but wow, they made the game what it should have been, its a great game now."
76561198011306490,Recommended,507490,32061181,Posted: 30 May,all,geopirate3,This is a pretty good RTS and they are still working to improve it.I'm looking forward to the Vulkan renderer and the possible Linux port that they keep teasing.
76561198297725915,Recommended,507490,31907859,Posted: 22 May,all,Lord Bandeye,"This is a great strategy game.  The multiple units to build and combinations you can put in an army to accomplish tasks are unlimited.  Capturing territory and how your strategy turns out is awesome to watch unfold as the enemy tries to take the regions.  I have mastered none which is also a great indication of the depth of this game.  You must, as a general manage resources to accomplish the goal and win."
,Recommended,507490,31814073,Posted: 17 May,all,ΘΑΝΑΤΕΣ 4.0,Epic
76561198016509149,Recommended,507490,30927740,Posted: 3 April,all,Tech2014,Got it on sale for $24.00 (usd); worth every penny.
76561197972695011,Recommended,507490,26699564,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,dhughes03,"good game ,keeps you coming back for more"
76561198008261630,Recommended,507490,34535379,Posted: 27 August,all,radwyn,Best RTS available if you like big battles and great AI.
,Recommended,507490,34590668,Posted: 29 August,all,FassQi,simplified supreme commander + sin of the solar empirenice tried yet not enough.I still recommend.
,Recommended,507490,34539636,Posted: 27 August,all,Mr. A.J. Naz,"After seeing people use this game in benchmarking their awesome pc. I took it upon myself to get it while it was on sale and start learning it in tutorial mode. First I'll address some minor hiccups I noticed right away.Launching the game the first time yeilded some problems. Main menu, nothing was selectable. Cursor moved and in game chat was fine.Steps I took to get rid of this problem. Close the game, verify game files. Results came back saying 1 was missing.Installed the latest nvidia driver, I wasn't up to date.Instead of launching the game again, I decided to take 1 look at the games default settings from the games start up client. I found it launches at 1080 resolution. I changed that to my monitors native settings and everything worked fine afterwards.I then used the games ""benchmark"" option to see how my system fairs in running the game as is. I didnt change any quality settings yet. Turns out I was running 29-35 fps and that was the gpu stress test. Theres an option to bench your cpu but its not available yet?If you played starcraft theres some qualities of this game you will enjoy, such as having larger number of units to control and build. More resources to harness. If you seen the gameplay of this game at its highest settings, you would know it looks amzzing too. I've heard some players who had 1080ti graphics cards say even they had some performance hits. Thats the scale of power you are able to reach.All in all, easy rts game to get into, addicting, looks amazing, lots of dlc to go along with it as well."
,Not Recommended,507490,33338305,Posted: 7 July,all,Alcor[NL],"the game play is nice and challenging, the only bad thing is that the game is very onstable! (total crash in the game :() in DX12 and not really good for Sli setup :("
76561198120424257,Not Recommended,507490,33468144,Posted: 11 July,all,ngserdna,"It's definitely a new take on an RTS.  There's still plenty of bugs tho, some of which are game breaking.  I've just finished the campaign, and I feel like the AI is definitely untamed.  The last mission took me two hours to complete.  I haven't played online yet, but I feel like it will offer good variety for many people wanting to play a slower RTS.  Though, I'd only recommend this game for casual players, and not people that want to get into this competitively.  The controls are enormously clanky (I click an army and order it to move away, but it wont; sometimes, if you click too fast, the ""clicking mechanism"" will glitch out and you need to reselect your army before it will accept a command;  You can ""group"" workers to build stuff quicker, but you can run into a glitch where even though you click ""disband"" to break apart the group, it will indeed break the group apart, but the group will remain, and only 1 worker will be able to perform actions--that is, all your other workers wont do what you tell them to do, and you've essentially lost them; the list goes on and on...)  In the long run, I will probably go back to starcraft 2.  I moved away from starcraft 2 because I wanted something slower, and although this game is slower, its somewhat broken.  Honestly, this game would've probably been my perfect game for a while, but the sometimes-unresponsiveness of the game is unfortunately too much."
76561197981714611,Recommended,507490,35078819,Posted: 19 September,all,r3dshark,Best RTS ever.
76561198030853973,Recommended,507490,30215431,Posted: 27 February,all,Island Ed,8.5/10
,Recommended,507490,30046570,Posted: 19 February,all,akaimahomiru,"Very much enjoying this game, well done fixes on the original I see no issues so far with this game."
76561198023795308,Recommended,507490,32592505,Posted: 20 June,all,Arbiter,"Classic style RTS that is similar to supreme commander. Highly recommend to anyone who loves there RTS! dlc storyline is interesting, evolving the campaign in a solid storyline."
76561198286202889,Recommended,507490,29667337,Posted: 3 February,all,General Z,The game is excellent. i like the most of startegy games. but come to AoTS is kill me away..the graphic is excellent.
76561198021464795,Recommended,507490,29519018,Posted: 27 January,all,Trill,"Really cool game, good graphics, smooth,fast paced, simple yet difficult. Multiplayer is great. In the future i wish to see talent trees for races hence adding a leveling up system for multiplayer, once a certain level is achieved then do you proceed on earning your mmr. Please add area of effect shields!."
,Recommended,507490,30999875,Posted: 7 April,all,Kreater,"A decent RTS game. The campaign is a lot of fun with battles vs. 10 AI oppents with hundrets of units on huge maps. Some missions are easier than others but overall it takes you an hour to complete a mission. Expanding works like a conquer mode where you have to capture undestroyable points on the map which give you ressources and can be retaken by the enemy. This opens possibilities for nasty surprises but also keeps the game dynamic and fluent. Overall it's strategic oriented gameplay, meaning decisions matter more than fast clicks, but it's also fast paced and you have to keep an eye on multiple spots.Some mechanics are not what you are used from other RTS games, for example selecting some units and right clicking on other units automatically groups them together. But that's only minor stuff which you get used to quickly.About the technical issues some people write: I had 1 crash in 30 hours so this is not a problem for me. Plus the devs are actively patching the game, improving a lot of stuff."
76561198041411958,Recommended,507490,34496714,Posted: 25 August,all,Hagar,"Ryzen 1800X just crashes in benchmarking mode. This was something that was supposed to be fixed in patch 2.4. Sadly it is not fixed.Game has many good reviews. I would like to add to it, but fix the SMT bug please.EDITRan the benchmark several tiomes now . Seems to play very well. I recorded a benchmark. There is some disputes on forums still that Aots will run on Ryzen.https://youtu.be/9hSR7ekYmUs"
76561198092332225,Recommended,507490,33692039,Posted: 21 July,all,^愚蠢shi治不好de,few chinese like the game without the chinese languagewhile the RTS even not sopports the third-part chinese patchso little sopport for the game and ignore its Gameplay
,Recommended,507490,29676078,Posted: 3 February,all,Inferno Star,Pros:*GraphicsThe graphic is so nice to look at. So amazing*AIThe Ai is one of the smartes ai I have met It feel more like a human than any AI I have played against.Cons:*Interfacethe old interface was more easier to navigate through but this is more a pain to do
,Recommended,507490,33542009,Posted: 14 July,all,Svenito,+ Well done Improvement from the original game+ Balanced Units+ Advanced AI+ Stunning Graphics.- End-of-Match staticstics could be improved (more like Sins of Solar Empire).- UI in menus sometimes has annoyingly long loading delays. (Behaves more like a slow Webbrowser)
,Recommended,507490,33551604,Posted: 14 July,all,Rayvix,"Pretty solid RTS.  Very similar to Supreme Commander, so it scratches that itch.  Worth sale prices for sure.  Worth standard price if you are pretty into these kinds of RTS's."
76561198021823372,Recommended,507490,33241133,Posted: 4 July,all,ShieldMe,This game is super fun to play and i would like to see more players online. The fractions are balanced and even the AI is very strong. Good to try new strategies against them.BUT game still crashes way too often without knowing why... popping up some weird written error message. Fixing this should be focused very soon.
76561198029886480,Recommended,507490,34693182,Posted: 2 September,all,jonnyporkchop,AWESOME SAUCE
76561198100496141,Recommended,507490,29388839,Posted: 20 January,all,SilentFactor,"So I really enjoy this game. It is hard to master and control but that is the point. Lot's of skill in commandy a massive army, and completely different from the basic RTS that I`m used to. Loving it!"
76561198041998737,Recommended,507490,30821363,Posted: 29 March,all,karel.ike,If you're a fan of Supreme commander i strongly recommend this game your gonna love it !It's awesome !
76561198300608577,Recommended,507490,33560889,Posted: 15 July,all,strongbow82,this game is really good the massive scale of the battles are amazing
76561197970628269,Recommended,507490,32315501,Posted: 10 June,all,Pheonix8809(Main),Awesome game with now regular updates. The only game of this type I have seen active updates being done. Love the newest one and am looking forward to the next. Defo recommended if you like C&C type games.
,Not Recommended,507490,29575607,Posted: 29 January,all,^1-=UK=-^4lindley,"If you enjoy just the basic campaigns, then i recommend, its fun, although highly bugged and weird, sometimes the AI will sit there and do nothing half the game on normal (by nothing i mean battle with the same respawning creeps over and over without progressing, and therefore not expanding) it will send units 1 by 1 to a creep nest, til it eventually wins, by this point you've got artillery cruisers raining fire on their HQ.The campaign storyline is also messy, when uve played the 2nd campaign, the first campaign really doesnt make much sense, the 2nd campaign (escalation) is supposed to be a pre-sequel to the 1st game, its a mess. i tried to do the entire game on harder, 1st campaign no problem(other than last mission), using escalation to play the first campaign makes  the AI cheat, they use buildings, units and abilities from escalation that you cannot(not could they originally), because they were never apart of the original campaign, dragging games out into hours til you just spam enough hades to wipe out their nexus, even though its a cheap move, you cannot progress against a harder AI while they are cheating.Skirmishes and scenarios are even worse, the cheap cheating AI takes all the fun out of the game, its lazy, ""oh i cba to programme a proper AI so we'll just adjust the level it cheats at for each difficulty""  overall its a good but failed attempt at a modern RTS, like supreme commander except half done. I bought merely due to the £15 upgrade cost, absolute no motivation to play MP. The new units they added were clearly imbalanced in the campaign and very obviously exploitable, not something i want to observe in MP."
76561198034242193,Recommended,507490,31712794,Posted: 12 May,all,ryan,Great Game.
,Recommended,507490,32844893,Posted: 27 June,all,Cookies,"Nice game, but bad performance. I have a nice laptop but the game is running at only 20 fps. The graphic is not even enjoyable.Would love it more if the game can run better on my laptop."
76561198095132095,Not Recommended,507490,26544017,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,progamerguy1996,"Buggy as hell!I brought the first ashes of singularity back in early access, and the game had less issue back then compared to escalation. obiivion turrent doesnt shoot anything, dreaduaghts wont finish productions, a lot of graphical bugs when you pan the camera even at max setting, such as poor lighting, texture poping, etc. apart from that this is basiclly the first ashes game, with a few extra units, and a altered ui.This is not worth spending a full £30.00 on, i feal riped of even spending £15.00 since i get a discount as does all people who own the first ashes. i mean you only get extra units and abilities the only new feature that sets this apart from the orinigal is the ability to upgrade turrents and some other abilities which i never even bothered with since the game is buggy.it feels like this could of been a £5 - £8 dlc and an all round update to the oringial  game, if you own the orinigal ashes and enjoy it, keep to it and dont bother buying this until the issues with are fixed or the price is halfed, and if you are buying this game new, consider the orinigal before buying this since its cheaper.its a shame they wasted the potential of a game like by creating an ""update"" for the orinigal, this game could easly surpass games like supreme commander, its art style is fantasic, but this game really is to plain, yes you can have massive battles but you can appericate them, theres to much management. you can just leave your base and watch a massive battle take place, since defeneses in this game suck, you cant build shields, walls or anything to turn you base into a fortress whcih for me sucks.dont buy this game until bugs are fixed and if your a fan of suprmeme commander style games, other wise you will be dissapointed"
76561198074643696,Not Recommended,507490,30485651,Posted: 12 March,all,wizard07,"This game was obviously designed as an RTS, but the controls and gameplay interface fall far short of that goal. Problems include level design being more of a top-down dungeon crawler like Diablo 3 than a free-roaming Supreme Commander-like RTS. In particular, the canyon-based level design severly limits both the formation of armies and the strategic and tactical moves that may be employed against a given enemy position.The game tries very hard to do a lot of unit management for you, to the point where units will ignore directions to attack a specific unit in favor of the unit they are ""designed"" to attack. While great for ""attack-move"" commands, units should target a specific unit if told to regardless of what they ""want"" to attack. Units can also not exist in multiple control grouups at once, and selecting a single unit in the group selects the entire group. While that can be convenient in certain situations, it would be better if that was a simple hotkey. This also severely limits the micromanagement of armies. For example, getting 3 engineers that are in a group to each start building a defense turret in 3 different locations.There is no build grid displayed, and the entire build interface feels clunky. You can't click and drag to build multiple structures of the same type, which is a useful feature for constructing defenses. Either the build, orbital command, or upgrade menu(s) are ALWAYS displayed with no way to hide them, which takes up a lot of visual space. The hotkey list displays dots for the units in the list, which makes them take up more space with very little feedback of what units are actually in the group (maybe use the strategic icons for units rather than just dots?). Engineers can't be told to work on separate tasks at first, then cooperate to build a larger structure (2 engineers each go off to build resource collectors, then work together to build a factory) which makes micromanagement of build orders much harder.No visual indications are given of what unit you are about to click on, so clicking in the vague vicinity of something is more likely to cause the game to ""shift"" your click to that nearby unit rather than where you actually clicked.Forming groups of units into armies is a great idea in theory, but in reality it makes the units spend 2 minutes doing nothing but sorting themselves out before they start moving in an agonizing slow fashion towards their objective. The ""slow"" part of that is understandable since the units have to move at the rate of the slowest army member to all stay together, but the ""group"" part is annoying with narrow maps. The armies might work a lot better on a more open-ended map, but I don't know since I wasn't able to bear playing the game long enough to find out.The map structure (narrow canyons with lots of tight turns) for the 5 missions I was able to stand playing hinders any army movement greatly.Campaign Mission design is asinine, with the AI's being given units that the player can't build nor can counter. The AI for campaign missions should have the exact same units, or equivalent, as the player. Boosts can be given to starting position (more points already controlled), resource production/upgrades, or resource cost reductions to change the difficulty. But giving the AI dreadnaughts but not the player is just ... wrong. I get that this makes the game ""harder"", but that combined with all the other map issues makes it almost impossible.I was done with the game at the point where I had to walk my army through a narrow gap with 3 dreadnaughts raining fire upon my head whilst the enemy air units harrased my flanks. The anti-air units I had with my army took one look at the first dreadnaught and either died of fright or the first bullet, it happened so quickly it was hard to tell which. The only counter for dreadnaughts I could find to build were Nemisis Cruisers, which literally died by the dozens as the dreadnaughts kited them to death since the dreadnaughts could move faster than the cruisers. No ability to build dreadnaughts of my own, no air units, and no way to slow the dreadnaught down and force an engagement and I was done."
,Not Recommended,507490,35122483,Posted: 22 September,all,Dubian,"I can not put my finger on why I just do not enjoy this game. I love the idea, the graphics are amazing (but also not?), and this game has good roots with sins of a solar empire before it with some SupCom inspiration. BUT. There is just something about the game. I have played RTS games for so long. C and C and Starcraft. Loved those games and the sequals. Sins of a Solar Empire is one of my favorite RTS games of all time. I thought for sure this would be one of my top 5 too. It is not.I want to recommend this game to everyone but I can not. It is very niche. It has a mix of  SupCom, CandC, Sins of a Solar Empire, and Starcraft. They tried to make this game the NEXT BIG RTS. It does not feel like it at all. I feel bad for saying it but only get this game for super cheap on sale."
76561198000431590,Not Recommended,507490,30997724,Posted: 7 April,all,Argent,The game itself is ok but the crashing is too frequent.
76561197995874167,Not Recommended,507490,31248742,Posted: 19 April,all,Sudain,"I'm a fan of RTSes in general but not this one.  Each side had basicly the same units and the 'variation' in abilities was neglegable.  If you like well built games that don't cause massive GPU drag, skip this one.  :("
,Recommended,507490,30067085,Posted: 20 February,all,Slothstronaut Swag,Great game. Performance could be improved and audio cues need work.
,Recommended,507490,30949326,Posted: 4 April,all,FILTHÖUND,"9 hours play time. all of which was just benchmarking and trying to make this game not crash. If you want something that will simulate crashes and let you test out DX12, this games for you! I played like 20 minute skirmish, was fun while it lasted. Once this gets a few more updates its going to be a beast of an RTS, which is why i am not giving a negative review.EDIT: Game runs amazingly and really pushes my hardware now! If you love RTS, buy it."
,Recommended,507490,34525963,Posted: 27 August,all,embecmom,supreme commander by anyother name
76561198020114741,Not Recommended,507490,29553229,Posted: 28 January,all,PriestXES,"Factions unbalanced, dev team slow to release new balance patches, it's basically still a beta with a small community."
76561198066913167,Not Recommended,507490,28485864,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Never,not recommended game;
,Not Recommended,507490,28298528,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,AnM AntiAir,not a game for you if you expect big battles and a long campaign as there is about 8 missions and the rest is skrims and it only has about 3 ground units 3 air units and 3 motherships and 5 medium ships in all classes and when i say all classes there is only 2 fractions i enjoyed the first 3 missions and the rest were boring
76561198066537730,Recommended,507490,26646164,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Veknu,This game is proof that RTS games are dead.Great game with a currant base of 12 people...and 14 sales
,Recommended,507490,32039722,Posted: 29 May,all,False Motive,Great game. A diamond in the rough.
76561198193153031,Recommended,507490,28241035,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,jrage47,C&C or Starcraft 2017
76561197971495859,Recommended,507490,28318009,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,mikiebob,outstanding.
76561197971015695,Not Recommended,507490,33008054,Posted: 29 June,all,MOBB,"fun game but buggy graphics with directx12 and 1 other game breaking bug.many of the textures and all the cutscenes flicker badly.  there are still some notable bugs that will grind your system to its knees.  for example, if you select drone upgrades for the phc dreadnaught it will constantly spawn them until you are running at 4 frames per second.  I say this running a 7700k i7 and a 1080ti both water cooled.all in all stardock need to patch this game before it can be recommened."
76561198152730461,Recommended,507490,26550303,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,FirstDawn,"Keep on going dev team! No matter how much dlc's your throwing at me, i'll buy them all!! Wonderfull game!!"
76561198014241544,Not Recommended,507490,27355526,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,wooaa,"While the game its self is fun, it has sevearl bugs that make it unplayable. the worst of which is that upon quitting the game my mouse's scroll function is disabeld. the only way to fix this is by reinstalling the drivers, and the devs have been no help."
,Not Recommended,507490,30357703,Posted: 6 March,all,TroutDD,"Even with specs above the minimum... 10FPS.  Even on the minimum settings, its barely playable.  Could be a great game, but the specs are (not even just a bit) off."
,Not Recommended,507490,30282553,Posted: 2 March,all,wolfoenix,"My reference was Supreme CommanderEvery thing is slow, unit movement, building, ...I hate the fact that camera movement is forced to show you some things during campaign (as you selecting unit, preparing buildings, ..etc), I have NEVER seen that behaviour in any gamesI hate the fact that you need to pay DLC to be able to play other tacts (is that an STR)And even more, there are still very anoying bugs that are still on since the begining (I have recently retry playing Escalation 2.1 last update) like :- capturing a point by building an amplifier, makes the amplifier invisible- having some planed buildings on map, they appears as ""ghost buildings"" ok right, if your constructor get killed, ""ghost buildings"" stay on map instead of disappearing (we are talking about ones that have never been started). So when you fight to defend a region, imagine what the map looks like after some times ...- making groups of constructors and sometimes strange behaviour where you can't controll them anymore- and many more bugs like ground canons not firing at ""brute"" unitsAnd I'm not talking about the lak of units and maps.I'm doneI'm going back to Supreme Commander, it's much more cheaper, have a nice community still activeDon't buy it !"
,Not Recommended,507490,30269951,Posted: 1 March,all,LaughingBovine,"Here for more SupCom and Planetary Annihilation?  You can find it ... elsewhere.  AS:E takes all the things that made those games great and boils them down until it's a glorified version of one of those mobile RTS's.  Think move your blob from point to point, taking things over.  Maybe have two or three blobs.  Every decision you make seems like it should be substantial but feels like it makes no difference.  My strategy is going to be the same thing, with the same units every time.  Blob up, hope you dont get flanked (units are so very slow), and send it at the enemy.  If I change my units, will I see anything different?  Nope, still slow, still just as powerful, still a rock-paper-scissor game you are basically playing at random (good luck getting the right units there in time).  Ugh..  just mad this is going to sit in my library."
76561198015183295,Not Recommended,507490,30267017,Posted: 1 March,all,unite_01,"unplayable cause of restricted ui size @1680/1050 and total disregard from dev on the issue, requesting refund."
76561198060067357,Not Recommended,507490,28896398,Posted: 1 January,all,sourcecode,"It's pretty fun. But the controls are really really bad. SC2 makes everything really easy. You just can put stuff in control groups. And you can select parts of your army to move them. In this, everything always gets stuck together. Then bundled up. It shouldn't be automatic. It should be manual. If I want to take a unit or a portion of units away from the army, it selects the entire army as soon as I click a unit. Automating it doesn't make things more convenient. It makes it much more difficult.The game is supposed to be more macro oriented than SC2, but you still need to be able to control units properly so you're not a-moving your army mindlessly. You still need to be able to separate units back if they take damage. Especially the heroes. As well as be able to harass with some squads. I was able to pull of some of it in playing practice with somebody. But the controls is a really big problem with this game. There should at least be options on how you want the controls and bundling to work.I wouldn't necessarily recommend this game to anybody until it gets more polished. It can be a waste of money if you end up playing it just to get tired of the controls. If you do get this game, the tutorial is terrible. However, the campaign is a tutorial as well. It does much better at teaching you everything. I'm referring to the base campaign. I haven't played the Escalation one yet. I went straight to upgrade."
76561198054120040,Not Recommended,507490,26612008,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Helpful Bot,"Extremely opaque game that is either way too easy (97% of the time) or stupidly hard. The AI is so random; sometimes you'll crank the difficulty up but still get an opponent that never leaves their back yard. I found myself having to play on the hardest difficulty to get any sense of challenge but the catch is that hardest difficulty is just AI resource godmode. In combat, I feel like like i'm just guessing at whats hurting my units 95% of the time and that just isnt enjoyable. Unseen math kills your units while the actual projectiles (that I guess killed them? I think?) land a couple miles away. I'm a player that is easy to please but this can't keep my attention for♥♥♥♥♥♥ Why are there so many good reviews on this game? How is this in any way shape or form a step forward for the developer that gave us Sins of a Solar Empire?P.S.Thank you for your responses! So I think I should've pointed out a couple things in my review about how I play the game. I don't play campaign and I don't play multiplayer. I don't do 1v1 but rather I like to play RTS games in 2v2v2 or 3v3 or FFA using usually at least 6 AIs. I've found that even if I handicap myself with a ""tough"" AI teammate, that the opponent AI cannot compete on anything below ""painful"". I still win so handily against ""painful"" that I felt forced to throw ""insane"" AIs on each opposing team as well. But the insane AI's don't just throw a kitchen sink at you, they materialize a sink factory and empty it on your head. I actually think that is fine and good because there should be a difficulty like that; I take issue with the ""painful"" AI not stepping up to the plate. I'm a long time RTS player and not a young guy so I get that I learn these games extremely fast but still. I should'nt be beating the AI on its hardest difficulties in my first couple games.Nope Nope Nope"
76561197995739759,Not Recommended,507490,31114812,Posted: 13 April,all,cetrespeo,"Nice game, but still full of crashes and bugs.Not recomended."
,Not Recommended,507490,29236238,Posted: 13 January,all,RentACop,"Big thumbs down, terrible units (small unit pool to boot), slow gameplay, huge R-P-S emphasis, bad pathfinding, singleplayer missons that oscillate between ludicrously overtuned to super easy, lame plot, overpriced, graphically unimpressive (so many times I've seen shots fly past a unit only for the unit to then explode) just the pits.Now, they do have some pretty significant plans for improvement, but considering they cranked this thing out 8 months after the first release, I'd be shocked if they didn't charge another 40$ whenever that time comes around.If it was on a heavy sale I could see getting it for skirmishing with friends and comp stomps, but if you want the poor man's supreme commander get Planetary Annihilation and Supreme Commander 2 already exist, making this the poor man's poor man's supreme commander"
,Not Recommended,507490,28732988,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LeBerduk,"Requested refund after running benchmark tests. Optimization in this game is abysmall. While it maintains steady 50 FPS on average, it taxes both GPU and CPU too much even in the lowest possible setting. My CPU was running at 88 degrees celsius and above 90% usage rate most of the time. No other game, including the infamous Tom Clancy's Division, taxed my laptop so much. My specs are i7 6700hq, GTX 970M, 16GB RAM."
76561198024005946,Not Recommended,507490,34722000,Posted: 3 September,all,sieistganzfett,"If you loved SupCom and TA, I implore that you do NOT get this based on other reviews saying it’s almost as good or one day can be as good as those if you are interested in the single player game only. The missions in Ashes of the Singularity Escalation on normal difficulty sometimes are way too easy and others were nearly impossible. If you think one mission is way too easy on normal and you decide to try Hard, it’s ramped up 2 or 3 fold and will be impossible. If you think normal is too difficult and try beginner, you will find that’s nearly just as impossible to win depending on the mission but on another mission would be way too easy. It’s a horrible balance and quite frankly I decided that amount of stress and anger it was causing me was not what a good game should be. I do not enjoy playing this. I tried skirmish and it was too easy against AI on one occasion. Playing against AI and on missions in this game is like a craps shoot and the story line is just aweful.As for the cut scenes that steal the camera focus to obscure parts of maps induces anger as well how it auto saves the worst possible points that are useless to resort back to for a load. The game in single player basically boils down to wasting your time and trying to find the EXACT COMBINATION of units that would be required to win in that one mission. Then the next mission is totally different and requires investing time/reloads on finding that maps exact combination required. If you have anything but that required exact combination, you will eventually lose. The upgrades while at first are kind of like SupCom2, however you have to choose very wisely in Ashes because if you pick the wrong ones at the wrong time, it means you are not going to win against the AI. Every single unit has a dedicated function, you have to micro manage and then the strongest units cannot be grouped together (dreadnaughts) like the weakest to middling units such as frigates and cruisers. You cannot do certain hotkey combinations like you expect in TA and SupCom/SupCom FA which causes selection of units to be an annoyance. I decided to uninstall this after 14 hours against the AI. The DLC missions are horrible too. While everything is unique and has variety, it’s just not fun in any sense after playing 7 hours or so and the rest of my 14 was in anger trying my hardest to overcome that. I only enjoyed my first 3 hours playing this.. I truely love and miss TA and SupCom. I compeletely abhor Ashes of the singularity escalation. The intall of 26GB is too much and i gained way more fun and hours of enjoyment from a $5 SupCom FA than a $30 install of Ashes with the DLCs. Ultimately, I feel like this was a waste of my money and feel that those that love this game must love it only for the multiplayer and never played single player on it."
76561198055181639,Not Recommended,507490,30296238,Posted: 3 March,all,BlackCorsair,"Game ideas are very decent however it is hard to enjoy it. Here are things that annoy me the most:1. Crashes... every ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hour or so.... really? developers?2. user intrface is so bad, did not see that uncomfortable game in a while...3. armies behaves very weird in fights... you cant just let it go because your medics would run in front and all dies or something similar..If you can live with all that than game would be not bad."
76561197974872538,Not Recommended,507490,30262038,Posted: 1 March,all,leebruk,The lack of keyboard customization options and skirmish mode options in particular have forced me to refund. Forged Alliance is better than this game.
,Recommended,507490,26573290,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Lagcharge,neat
76561198257211391,Not Recommended,507490,30391288,Posted: 8 March,all,emery368,"This looks like a good game, but the slow boot-up time is stopping me want to play it. Please try to improve this 4-5 min load time.Sometimes it crashes back to the desktop and i have to start again, load the game, make a tea ..... etc. Would help if it had a percent bar to show progress, I know my PC is not the fastest but it runs fine on middle setting once loaded."
76561198002302905,Not Recommended,507490,29766337,Posted: 7 February,all,Rainman7,"The game locks the whole computer for no reason - no error message, sounds starts to jitter and full lock. Only way to get the PC to responds is a full power off for 10 seconds, then power on. This sucks. I have the latest drivers. I have a powerful PC and this should not happen"
,Not Recommended,507490,34517359,Posted: 26 August,all,Sokolov,"Horribly campaign design. Even on easy difficulty on the later missions on campaign the enemy sends dreadnaughts to your base very quickly.The voiceover even says ""when and if the dreadnaught breaks through my base, be ready"" when the dreadnaught is already killing my home base. Either a bug or stupid design."
76561198018243884,Not Recommended,507490,34045488,Posted: 5 August,all,makay81,This game it's just wrong. As it's name it keeps escalating until tou have no chance.The only option to defeat AI it's to work so fast that you lose all the fun.In the begining it was intresting until I reached the final missions of genesis. It's just stupidly hard.Otherwise the interface it's nice and the distribution of units. Until you reach the point of Jougernought when it becames a little stupid. There is no defence which can stand an army of those. And AI brings more than one and some Dreadnoughts with them. You can't coordinate as many units as AI so you lose...
76561197970521426,Not Recommended,507490,28616223,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,18c,"I'm somewhat disappointed with this purchase.  The original game required you to choose DX12 on the launch dialog.  When I did not see the same dialog I assumed that Escalation determined I had Win 10 and defaulted to DX12 but it defaulted to DX11.  Since this was an upgrade I didn't check the settings until the first crash because I thought it probably used the same settings.  I was wrong and I should have known better because it left the original in place.  The Original Ashes of the Singularity is using 12.3 GB and Ashes of the Singularity Escalation 22 GB.Long story short Ashes of the Singularity Escalation crashes in DX11, DX11 Safe Mode, and DX12 on several maps in the Episode I: Imminent Crisis campaign.  The new “campaigns” seem to work fine.The Event log points to issues with AMD with error events such as:amdacpusrsvcacpusrsvc: IOCTL_ACPKSD_KSD_TO_USR_SVC_SET_FB_APERTURES: FAILED [EVENT]:andamdacpusrsvc[EVENT]: SERVICE_CONTROL_POWEREVENT: RESUME: IOCTL_USR_SVC_TO_ACPKSD_POWER_STATE_NOTIFICATION: FAILEDI purchased the Original Ashes Beta and liked it but held off on purchasing Escalation until the upgrade was on sale for $15.  I waited because I felt cheated after purchasing the Beta and only receiving one DLC campaign.  I've been playing RTS for a long time and I like to play the campaigns first.  Even though I had already played it in the original I started with the Imminent Crisis campaign and since it crashed at about the same place on certian maps I was quite mad.  Stardock Entertainment needs to work on the crashing before I am willing to recommend.Core i7-3770K, 16GB RAM, SSD, and an R9-290X"
,Not Recommended,507490,26700606,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,[3DES] Teh Guvenah,"With Escalation, Stardock finally figured out what Ashes should have been in the first place. It scales far larger, and the ability to upgrade defenses and such provides another layer to the game.Sadly, even with graphics turned almost all the way down to the minimums, you have to be using a high end i7 in order for this game not to run sporadically like complete crap. It doesn't seem to be a problem with graphics persay on my i7 laptop with an Nvidia 960, as so much it is the fact that the AI pathing goes to hell when a bunch of drones or planes get on the field.This generally makes the game run around one frame per second with a few blips of clarity every few minutes, right when you're at the peak of battle.I've not had this issue on my desktop, but my desktop is also a 6 core i7 running at 4.5ghz. Perhaps, it's just fast enough? Even with it though, I still get the classic Ashes crashes to desktop with no bug report or errors, but not as often thankfully as the first 3mo Ashes was out.It's one of the best RTS's out, if you like the Supreme Commander style massive battles. I just wish it could be reliable, instead of so frustrating that you quit playing and uninstall it.**UPDATE**Even now with a GTX1080, the game will occasionally drop to desktop without a single error reported, or routinely grind to a halt when there are many drones on the battlefield."
76561198019961071,Not Recommended,507490,29732915,Posted: 5 February,all,lordcrekit,"I was really hoping I'd like this.. but honestly at the end of every game I'm just super bored. Maybe if you didn't have to spend so much time microing your economy and engineers i'd like it more.The 2 resources thing is really annoying- they should have just had 1 imo.oh-- and the orbital abilities are super overpowered, and way too cheap.But mostly it's just constantly microing your economy for hours on end gets really, really tiring :/"
,Not Recommended,507490,30459272,Posted: 11 March,all,Viral,"Bear with me.Game is good, design is good, its fun. Im not playing it right now but will in the near future.Why the down vote? Alot of gamers bought both games as they thought they had to, mass complaints, devs didnt care.Recently devs do care as more stuff is coming out they need people to buy. Merged games, no longer need to buy both, even though 90% of players of the game in the near future will already have...Reason to buy the game right now, is maybe its worth it, do some checking on what content you get or dont.Common theme in my reviews, good game, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dev ethics.A legitimate game reason for a down vote... Hmm, well the balancing is way off sadly when it comes to powers. Rebalancing as time goes on doesnt help. Too late for some bad ideas."
,Not Recommended,507490,34631021,Posted: 31 August,all,Snow,Not worth its money. Buy this game only if it for at least 10$ or less.-Not a lot of content. ( For someone who doesn't care about Story)-Control over the units is really not precise.-Your better of playing other RTS Games then Ashes of Singularity.
,Not Recommended,507490,32570853,Posted: 19 June,all,Ryan,"Still boring af,-2 Factions-not many units-not really challanging- models and texture are poorly made- no new Supreme Commander"
,Recommended,507490,31203676,Posted: 17 April,all,Casual,"Stardock is off my shitlist. Thanks for the free upgrade. Will support them in the future, and THANK YOU Stardock for staying loyal to your fans. Other companies can do what this company did, but they didnt. Thanks again STARDOCK!!!"
76561198114900549,Not Recommended,507490,35238435,Posted: 27 September,all,Sabotage101,A poor copy of Supreme Commander or go further back Total Annihilation. That really pretty much sums up this game.RTS of today really coming to an end. Nothing and no one out there can bring anything new into the genre?Recommend this to anyone? Well if its hits the rock-bottom bargain bin (£4.99 or below) yes sure.  :) The only thing I liked about the game is the music background. Its pretty good but cannot really play good RTS which just music can you?!
76561198007889647,Not Recommended,507490,30178613,Posted: 25 February,all,Daisai,"Pro -Dx12Looks decent for a strategy game.Cons -Horrible AIVery poorly balanced.Crashes way to much when starting a skirmish.For a game that only has 2 sides and so few units its rather suprising that this game is so poorly balanced, you would expect that a developer that has made strategy games before knows how to balance a game.The good thing is that the game runs smooth when it runs and when it doesnt crash when starting a simple skirmish."
76561198234787812,Not Recommended,507490,30905163,Posted: 2 April,all,GrandLrsn,Prepare for this game to crash everytime you play it.
76561198015443105,Not Recommended,507490,32905288,Posted: 27 June,all,sinogard,"Was unable to even get the game to run. This is after verififing game files, reinstalling, and waiting for the game to load. I do not recommend supporting games that do not run, so this one right here. I have a pretty beast set up with a GTX1080 and Ryzen 1800x. So unless you really like staring at a screen that tells you its loading assets, give this one a skip"
,Not Recommended,507490,30232297,Posted: 27 February,all,Mr Poopy ButtHole,"I honestly thought this game looked good it kinda reminded me of a cross over with starcraft and command and conquer but I couldnt get into the game. I tried three times and all three times the game either froze and i had to either ctrl esc or alt f4 or just compeletly shut down my pc. and when i turned my pc back on it finally said ""oh our game crashed please...etc etc etc. Please fix"
,Not Recommended,507490,33114351,Posted: 1 July,all,rvyne,"coming from Sin of Solar Empire Rebellion developer I was expecting a lot from this game, End up buying during summer sale but returning it before 2hrs lapses. The issue is not sure but the vs AI game is bit dump down mechanics never tried the multiplayer but I always think skirmished is important this type of game."
,Not Recommended,507490,29156972,Posted: 9 January,all,Azrielus,"I can't even click on ""OK"" on the message of the day bit so that I can play the game. Henceforth, avoid this game, it's a bug strewn mess."
76561198025006012,Not Recommended,507490,32808967,Posted: 26 June,all,david b death,"I was really really disappointed by this game, so much so that I requested a refund. The tutorial wasn't very indepth. The game controls lacked an ability to select all land units, or combat units. You could select all air units oddly. I had an issue where units would group themselves automatically and when I would ungroup them they would stop the task assigned. I tried the playing the first skirmish king of the hill on normal for, 4 hrs and could not win. Most RTS games i play on absurd difficulty. Also resources are super scarce leaving you resource starved. I don't think I will ever play this game again even if i don't get the refund."
76561197964938960,Not Recommended,507490,30518442,Posted: 14 March,all,Donnti,"I have played Ashes of the Singularity a few times now and for being an RTS there is no strategy to the game. The units move way to slow. This game is all about just building units and then go fight. For me, being use to the micro-management aspect of other RTS as you usually have to build up your infrastructure and/or do a bunch of research to get better units well this game doesn't have that. Sure you can upgrade your units but you have to just purchase the upgrades. I find this game way to boring and time-consuming.Things to make it better would be to give the units more speed to move. I do understand that the bigger the unit is the slower it should move but holy cow a snail would beat a fleet of units in a race. Another one would be to have better formations like short ranged units to the front. I would also like to see formation options like a V or wedge formation along with others depending what you have in your group.If you are a strategist like myself I would suggest not to get this game but if all you want to do is build up armies and go out fighting this is the game for you.They do need to make other races or faction as you only have a choice between 2 different ones but they do the same thing."
,Not Recommended,507490,35457559,Posted: 3 October,all,Izunundara,"Keeping in theme with the unscalable UI that's so small even set down to 1200x800 resolution that ingame text is TOTALLY illegible, I'm going to write the rest of my review just as small..,........ . ,.., . . . ., .,., ., . ., ,. ,. ,. ,. ,... . . ., . . . . . . . . . . ., . ., . .,.,..,.,. ., ., .,,.. . . ,., .... . . . ,.. . .,., . .. . . ., ., ., .,,.,........ . ,.., . . . ., .,., ., . ., ,. ,. ,., ,. ,. ,. ,. ,... . . ., . . . . . . . . . . ., . ., . .,.,..,.,. ., ., .,, ,. ,. ,. ,. ,... . . ., . . . . . . . . . . ., . ., . .,.,..,.,. ., ., .,. . . . . . ., . ., . .,.,..,.,. ., ., .,,.. . . ,., .... . . . ,.. . .,., . .. . . ., ., ., .,, . . . ., , ,. ,. ,. ,. ,... . . ., . . . . . . . . . . ., . ., . .,.,..,.,. ., ., .,. . . . . . . . ., . ., . .,.,..,.,.  . . . ., .,., ., . ., ,. ,. ,. ,. ,... . . ., . . . . . . . . . . ., . ., . .,.,..,.,. , ,. ,. ,. ,. ,... . . ., . . . . . . . . . . ., . ., . .,.,..,.,. ., ., .,, ,. ,. ,. ,. ,... . . ., . . . . . . . . . . ., . ., . .,.,..,.,. ., ., .,, ,. ,. ,. ,. ,... . . ., . . . . . . . . . . ., . ., . .,.,..,.,. ., ., ., . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . , . .,.,..,.,. ., ., ., . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . . . ., . .,.,..,.,. ., ., ., . . .  . . ., . ., . . . . . . ., . ., . ."
76561197970990562,Not Recommended,507490,32397174,Posted: 13 June,all,fred,Its bad. No time to waste to describe this. really it is just a waste of time.
76561198271361391,Recommended,507490,34465071,Posted: 24 August,all,Nogger-Black,"5/10 ""A meh of a game"""
76561198219889955,Not Recommended,507490,30181791,Posted: 25 February,all,Phoenix,"Turned graphics all the way up, still everything was fuzzy on my 3840x2160 60Hz 4K screen.  Wierd.  My units didn't always feel like doing an attack move or force move.  Only have my clicks for that were ignored by the game.  Map scroll was jumpy.  Could not zoom in or out enough.  Nothing like the promo vids."
76561198116373651,Not Recommended,507490,28854590,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,菲珞希尔,Unstable.
76561198010572438,Recommended,507490,34344217,Posted: 18 August,all,bue.kris,Very fun!
,Recommended,507490,26531732,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Remorse,Had to change my pants twice.
76561198212922351,Not Recommended,507490,29189317,Posted: 11 January,all,loopyhedgehog,"terrible game, zero strategy involved, no depth what so ever, just plain boring and a poor attemt at dethroning sc2. do not buy, just go get sc2."
76561198001128011,Not Recommended,507490,30227235,Posted: 27 February,all,[USSR] Mad Dog 64 jr,Proshuge scaleconbad graphics like really bad. StarCraft 1 1998 > AshesKept getting stuck on loading screen/movie didn’t play correctly / felt unfinishedReason for down vote the graphics were just too much. I could not look at the screen and not feel cheated by those fake♥♥♥♥♥screen shotslove sins of solar empire hate supreme commander another reason why I don’t like this probablyFinal VerdictGo make Sins of Solar Empire 2! Use my 20$ to make sin this was a cool experiment but time to make Sins PLS
76561198128794076,Not Recommended,507490,31136597,Posted: 14 April,all,Victor,"Save games is broken. I try to make a save game but its not apearing in ""load game"" menu. Please fix it."
76561198090234955,Not Recommended,507490,35130887,Posted: 22 September,all,biu,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game constantly hangs after each mission.Upon hanging the game locks you out of the system forcing you to restart your com.DO NOT BUY.
76561197980596126,Not Recommended,507490,28699683,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Major Richard Head,"DO NOT BUY THIS POS GAMEThe campaign is beyond ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the compter on normal CHEATS MASSIVELY worse than any game I have even played.  They constantly keep important buildings from you for 0 reason other than that they are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who can't design a challenging level to save their life and the voice acting is horrible.  Oh and top it off with them constantly taking control of the camera while the game keeps on playing.0 of 10oh and bonus it crashed constantly, to the point of needing a system retart."
76561198078244240,Not Recommended,507490,34500702,Posted: 26 August,all,chara,i hate this game it never loads why is that i am so angry
,Not Recommended,507490,30104774,Posted: 22 February,all,TRIGGER,Very boring game.
76561197977267103,Not Recommended,507490,31128747,Posted: 13 April,all,Conspiracy Theory,"To leftys who Buy & play left-handed (reversed mouse buttons); the Training instructions throughout this game (as in too many ignorant games such as this);the Game Instruction ordering:-""Press the Left mouse button""Should be:-""Press the PRIMARY mouse button""&the Game Instruction ordering:-""Press the Right mouse button""Should be:-""Press the SECONDARY mouse button""(the way Microsoft described them before 1999).Otherweise its just annoying to the 10+% of us who keep being misled/irritated by discriminators."
,Recommended,507490,29563780,Posted: 29 January,all,Xiaoluobo,"Great for RTS fans. Great graphic, engine, and netcode. Slow, macro-based gameplay. Excellent AI. Works great online and in a LAN setting. Worth a buy for sure!"
76561197965262459,Recommended,507490,29568518,Posted: 29 January,all,nugzboltz,"This is a solid expansion to the original game and with it being stand alone, there's no real reason to choose the base game over this. With more units and defensive options and the strategic zoom, this game is advertised as being the ""expert"" option but you could ignore those things if you are new to the game and figure them out as you get better.Since I play mainly SP (haven't touched the MP yet) and love to turtle, I really like the new turret upgrades, which now make them able to stand toe to toe with attacking armies. Strategic view, which should've been in the game from the get-go, makes managing your numerous armies and units much easier.Overall, this is a game that comes off as somewhat bland (many of the units and buildings look very similar and I still have trouble differentiating them) but the gameplay is good enough to get me past that (love the colorful, large scale battles and the control points that encourage expansion and engagements with the enemy). The best part is the continuing support from the developer, who plan on adding tier 4 level units to the game for free."
76561198280856355,Recommended,507490,29552177,Posted: 28 January,all,myjunk1,"Several suggestions:Lately my friend and I (on different systems) have been experiencing instability crashes of AotS while playing custom matches (2P v. 3AI).We would like to see the general hotkeys improved, as well as the unit formation into armies (i.e. multiple dreadnaughts per army).Being able to select air units more quickly would also be nice.Even with setting ""Quantum Coherence"" to very high, we feel as if all of our time is spent building quantum relays.  We appreciate research being a component of the game, but we would love to see a reduce need to build so many quantum relays.Also, it would be nice to be able to change the game speed in multiplayer custom matches versus AI.The map terrain can be hard to see elevation changes, which are critical for defensive placement.Please consider adding additional unit stances (e.g. hold, defend) and improving the patrol stance.Since the use of drones skew the kill count and loss, please consider allowing an option to remove the count of drones from the end-game statistics.There seems to be an issue with the Substrate defenses not firing when units are visible and in range, specifically Pulverizer Turrets not working without Drone MRV turrets nearby.Also, a pause ability for custom PvAI matches would be lovely.Furthermore, we would like to be able to set the Victory Points higher than 10000.Having to click twice or three times on the mini-map to flare can be downright annoying.Initially when the first control-group of units is formed, the designation is lost and you have to re-control-group them."
76561197980157368,Recommended,507490,29678078,Posted: 3 February,all,Laserak,"This is the game Ashes was suppose to be, but even still it falls short.If you're expecting anything except a half-way copy of the supreme commander formula (But failing to actually successfully copy it) then I would stay away from this cash grab.It also seems this company don't really like their customers, just look at the forums.http://forums.ashesofthesingularity.com/480705/page/2/#3666042Edit: They decided to delete the post but I found it on reddithttp://imgur.com/IHpPNTEUpdate: March 11th 2017Stardock have combined the 'games' into one, Escalation, as they should have from the beginning.This means no more cash grab or split gamer community, worth buy now, to see what they do with the game."
76561198061901421,Recommended,507490,28159887,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,When the cat can fly.,This game is stuck on the loading screen for 10 minutes.and finally i can play it.I ever experienced AOS so jump in with 1 vs 1 hardest computer.I got wipe out.
76561197973249567,Recommended,507490,28615511,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kaiser Konig,"I was really dissappointed with the original...but this expansion is worth it if you like supreme commander with a sins of a solar empire twist.  Like other reviewers, I can't quite figure out what is better than the original, but it feels a lot more smart.  Strategic zoom is awesome and love the large maps.  Campaign is good to get your feet wet."
76561198047621393,Recommended,507490,28800239,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wolf8312,"Have not played enough to be able to say more yet. Sadly its 2:30 in the morning here and I have a young baby to look after tommorow and am no longer a child any more who can stay up all night playing silly computer games blah blah blah blah...But wow wish I had a few more hours or a full day or a week to myself with this game. Its seriously hooked me into it and I havent even scratched the surface. It really gives a great alternating sense of either omnipotence or hopelessness, but it really seems to have great strategic depth too and is overwhelming in a nice kind of simple way.The campaign is really easing me into the game mechanics nice and slowly though, so far, I wouldnt say theres much of a story. If this game had red alert type mission briefings to add to the immersion it would be a 9.5 for sure, though so far I'd still give it a 9 cause these days it takes rather alot to get me excited about a game!One of those games you almost literally fall in love with and even when not playing are still thinking about it and trying to find other places online that you can learn about and study it further!In short so far I fricking love it and will update this review maybe when I get a better understanding of the whole game.On the negative side. I have had lots of crashes in SP during cutscenes though am hoping I have it sorted out now but not sure.Devs dont deserve to be panned for the game crashing though as the sheer frustration the crashes are causing me really are a telling measure of how much I am liking and wanting to play the game!  Sure the crashes are a pain but the game itself! Great!"
76561197996005999,Recommended,507490,28790727,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Boomer4900,"A typical top down strategy game. Players of Company of Heroes, Star Craft etc will love it. Not to complex to play and the ability to set ai levels in Single player makes it easy to try out different methods to win or lose the game.  I recommend it."
76561198005609955,Recommended,507490,32518556,Posted: 17 June,all,Graulk,May be the best RTS in years!
76561198041561547,Recommended,507490,32500775,Posted: 17 June,all,sabulia1202,Best RTS game I have played. Game keeps growing and changing so there is great replay scope.
76561197975703492,Recommended,507490,32462735,Posted: 15 June,all,wordling,"Large scale RTS gameplay especially suited for those that don't enjoy APM focused strategy games. Unit variety can be seen as lacking compared to its direct Peers, such as Total Annihilation and Supreme Commander, but it's it's well enough for engaging counterplays and variety between matches. Battles on large maps can getreallymassive (without much of a slowdown if you bring the hardware) with multi-frontal engagements between several large armies but quick 1v1 matches of 15-30 minutes are just as doable. The map pool is of decent size covering from 1v1 all they way up to 16 players. The first campaign (there are three at the time of this writing) is perfectly functional while unremarkable.What really drives me to recommend this title, though, is the very active (andinteractive) developer. Regular updates, providing user-feedback-driven balancing, bugfix and QoL improvements, are the norm. The average unit variety mentioned earlier is already better than at release with new units filling in certain tactical holes and a completely new end-game focused ""experimental"" unit type has recently been added for both factions. Ashes of the Singularity has grown and improved considerably since release and there is no indication of it slowing down with a new, paid, addon featuring naval warfare, as well as Vulkan and, possibly, linux support underway."
,Recommended,507490,30851546,Posted: 31 March,all,Deltatech,"I played Early Access and the finished version is still too slow and needs more Units ,buildings and unlockables.I hope your experience is better than mine.I got too dissapointed at Launch and it killed this game for me, In high anticipation I downloaded it, I clicked play, waited 2 minutes on a loading screen, ALt+ F4 ,then disappointedly unistalled because The install was corrupted.After my initial dissapointment wore down a little a few days later....After a reinstall with an update to the game now loads in 10 seconds.( I knew something was wrong because it didn't take 2 mins to load during early access)It should have been this way from Launch ,but wasn't.I played a few instances in a campaign,basicly the tutorial. Even on the fastest game speed it's still too slow. I said the same thing last year during Early Access and still stand by it.On a good note, The game runs nice and decently smooth with the occasional stutter on cutsceens. I played for a few hours with no crashes. Which in todays standards for gaming is phenominal.I've noticed  it still has a lot of placeholders in the U.I. and it seems as if it's missing quite a bit. I'll be sticking with Civ V and Company of Heros which are still  my main RTS games. I doubt I'll be playing much of AOTS unless there is a DLC that adds more Units and buildings. I really wanted this game to ROCK... It didn't.I'm still dissappointed. None of the things that I mentioned during Early Acces have changed.I know getting titles to run well on thousands of different builds takes time but the clock ran out,the hype wore off and I'm going to go play Civ V now.Ashes is an attempt and some will hate it, some will like it.There probably wasn't enough time for more buildings and units because they decided to do DX11 and DX12 and both due at launch.I'm executing in DX12 mode on an Asus Z/97 Deluxe3.1 ,Intel 4790k (OC to 4.8),16 GB 2500 (OC) DDR3, 2x Nvidia GTX 970 Sli. All settings on MAX. The first time I tried to play there was no loader.Final: If it doesn't go right the first time some will not give a second chance to dissapoint even if it is beyond your control."
,Recommended,507490,26577147,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Celeritas,Such recommend much pew pew
76561197973630718,Recommended,507490,29280571,Posted: 15 January,all,Fuzzy Viking,"If you are a fan of the RTS genre, and are looking for something new along the lines of Supreme Commander, look no further. The difficulty level is higher than the latest ( and largely too easy ) supcom, more in line with the earlier, superior ones. Make no mistake, this one is no pushover and will keep you fighting a while :)"
,Recommended,507490,29324972,Posted: 17 January,all,Double--Walker,"I have been playing alot of games lately and not many have grabbed me and had me on the edge of my seat like Ashes, I was a little put off by paying the full price but I have to say it was well worth it compared to the money I have spent lately on many early release games.If you want amazing graphics and great soundtrack along with massive scale battles i highly reccomend it."
76561197968741290,Recommended,507490,29316224,Posted: 17 January,all,gremlin,"A good tactical/strategic game, I expected a Supreme Commander clone and was not really disappointedThe idea of ""power"" lines and connected territories like Company of Heroes was a nice touch, but so far the maps I've played don't have bottleneck territories or single point of failure territories to uncap an enemies whole supply+ No clear tiers of Units(i.e. SupCom)+ Kinda Research (called quanta)+ Solid foundation+ Simple resource system+ AI is very good+ Army management is nice- Own Pathfinding AI is horrendous , turning and turning and turning army (yeah i clicked TO MOVE!)- No Uber Units (Monkeylord anyone)- Tactical View has no Icons for AIR- no ""hedgehog style"" of play possible, health of buildings scale, DMG of turrets does not (though DMG & HLTH ofunits does scale )- health overview in army managemtn is total (dreadnought or army leader always excluded :( )- No research for metal/radioactive extractionAll in all nice game, for a while, but grows bored fast, minor irritating ""features"" like the pathfinding AI and some missing features like o hedgehog style of play"
76561198034385273,Recommended,507490,29284991,Posted: 15 January,all,Chainfire,"Is this as good as Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance? Definitely not (yet). However, this game is the first in 9(!) years to be in the same neighbourhood, and its still actively being developed and improved upon.I don't see anybody else currently have a shot at getting to that level. It may be a while still, but I have high hopes for these guys - even if it takes a few more years, DLCs, or sequals to really get there."
76561198067692156,Recommended,507490,29299870,Posted: 16 January,all,yac,"I enjoyed the original Ashes and Escalation is an iterative improvement which makes even better grand scale macro strategy game somewhere between Supreme Commander and Sins of a Solar Empire.PROS:- developers seem to care about their game and fixed a bug I reported quite quickly- your decisions are more important than your typing/clicking speed (macro > micro)- interesting territorry/resource control not unlike Z or WH40k- grand scale, big maps with real terrain, ridiculous amount of units- smooth unzoom to icons only map plus nice strategic map (improved in Escalation)- amazing take on radar as a heat map- massive dreadnoughts of doom (kinda like capital ships in Sins)- units are quite smart and don't need much babysitting- each units serves its purpose and unit composition matters (new units in Escalation)- balanced defences (upgradable turrets in Escalation for turtles)- air is an option (tech 2 air added in Escalation)- orbital abilities to outsmart your opponents- most of above has fabulous animations! PEW PEW PEW- I really love the setting and story... we are to create singularity soon in RL after all :)- very nice and responsive AI. I bet it's neural network based which is creepily relevant to the story :D- assymetric races (PHC and Substrate)- half the price for original Ashes owners (66 % discount like PA:T would be more appropriate, but mkay)- great benchmark for your shiny new PC master race graphic cardCONS- some people expected original Ashes to look like this and now feel cheated. That is a valid point, but OTOH it's a grand game in the end, so consider forgiving Stardock it took them a little bit more time and money to finish it. Much like Uber with PA:TITANS :)- resouce intensive, can't play with potato computer peasants- only 2 races... better than 3 unalanced and borken, I guessOVERALLFor me, Ashes of the Singularity: Escalation is one of the most interesting and fresh RTS games I played in a long time.Kudos Stardock!"
,Recommended,507490,29309638,Posted: 16 January,all,Krillian,"Great game. Haven't made my way through most of the story line since I bought it for the multiplayer. Huge maps, The GTX 1060 3GB struggles with anything above low-medium and there is a 760 running physx.The 2 races you can use are wildly different in how you play them.Not enough people playing, I would say this has something to do with advertising. It is not often that the developers actually listen to the gamers, so it is a shame that the community isn't larger. Don't get me wrong, there is still tens if not hundreds of thousands of people around the world playing. but it is nowhere near starcrafts following. The only reason I heard of this game was because of benchmark reviews etc.I give this game 4.5 out of 5 as the story is enjoyable and teaches you a lot. Multiplayer is fun and there are so many ways to win. Loses half a point with me because I often get matched with higher level players or the same players. I have beaten a rank 2 when I was rank 8 but I bomber ran him in the first 10 minutes to get that victory out of desperation. With a larger community this would be my favorite game."
,Recommended,507490,31047141,Posted: 9 April,all,Detox The Great,Great game!
76561198038059212,Recommended,507490,32228006,Posted: 6 June,all,robert.busseau,"The game has good play, but it always freezes when I exit. I am forced to log out of windows or reboot."
,Recommended,507490,32381311,Posted: 12 June,all,『　　』,"Extremely well done game. A bit heavy on the specs side of things, but on the upside, this is made to be able to handle crazy amounts of units in game without slowing down by much. Also, it's still in development, and new stuff being added.Pros:Lots of unit diversity alreadyRoll for all unitsLong-term game with new stuff oftenBalanced game for fair gameplayMultiplayer works great for huge gamesCons:AddictingStrong Computer neededSlightly steep learning curveSome UI elements can be improved"
76561198041840770,Recommended,507490,32378743,Posted: 12 June,all,Sebiksia,"Great game!  Initially seems fairly basic, collect resources, build army.  Once you play and get a handle on the basic mechanics, the depth of strategy is really surprising.  Everything has a counter/counter unit, multiple paths to victory, tech upgrades, powerful orbital abilities.All in all, very deep once you get into it, just need give it more than a couple of skirmishes to really open it up."
76561197962981576,Recommended,507490,32400225,Posted: 13 June,all,Shurai,Great RTS if you got the hardware for it. Goes for the Supreme Commander style and succeeds in it.
76561198024150829,Recommended,507490,32412202,Posted: 14 June,all,Vale902,"I'm someone who loves to play RTS games.As player I would reccomend to buy this game to anyone who has my same hobby.Who loves playing in single player, this is the game for you with a very competitive and challenging AI (The player's majority play in single or team stomping AI).The game has been made from various Devs who have already worked for other famous RTS games, such as Sins of a Solar Empire Rebellion.They are not a big company but I can say they are very nice and opened in listening to their players (this is very rare, considered how worst are getting the gaming companies).My English is not perfect, hence I'm opened to any critics.P.s.: I'm looking for others players to play with and stomping AI."
76561198011429318,Recommended,507490,32387704,Posted: 13 June,all,roshak_avion,"If this game is intriguing to you and have the hardware to run it, you'll want to pick up this game.I've only played the Escalation version of Ashes when it was released but even after just 1-2 patches the game has gotten significantly better. It's gotten more stable, units feel more balanced and useful, abilities and resource management has been streamlined or improved.What's unique about this game is that you lack direct control of your units. While you can order specific targeting in an army how your individual units behave is left to the army composition and units themselves. While this can be challenging at times since they don't always respond the way you want, if you can make a few armies and compensate based off of terrain and unit types you'll have much better time when getting into battles. You will lose units so keeping them alive is difficult but not impossible. And you're supposed to be making and losing armies as part of the game.What most impressed was the feeling of large armies crossing the map. It wasn't you need to counter these units but actually zooming out, planning the best sectors of the map to attack and what unit composition. This is a slower pace game but it allows you to make these decisions and focus on more strategy. Line of sight is hugely important, terrain is a big factor, what units you bring is factor, how you mange your economy is factor to how well you'll do in the game.If you like having the feeling of commanding huge armies across a battlefield much like Supreme Commander did, you'll enjoy this."
76561197982891800,Recommended,507490,32376051,Posted: 12 June,all,Anteater,Large battles and good graphic performance.
,Recommended,507490,32393863,Posted: 13 June,all,tomasz_exe,"The Positive:+ Great use of current technology+ Very large scale maps and battles+ Juggernauts+ The developers keep improving the game and adding content.+ Has a campaignThe Negative:- Very demanding for your PC (most steam users can't properly run it)- Many small DLC (some find this a negatief)- Only 2 playable factions (there are plans to add more factions)- Not much unit variation (they all hover or fly)- Campaign missions difficulty passing is not constant.Conclusion:A great RTS with some problems, but has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,507490,32416665,Posted: 14 June,all,DarkNicademis,"Enjoying this very much and appreciate the free additional content and support the developers keep adding.  Ashes of the Singularity and especially Escalation, keep getting better and better."
76561198013430639,Recommended,507490,32423122,Posted: 14 June,all,DirtyUndys,Good Evening!I find this game challenging and fun. The AI will shift its tactics and the story is compelling. There are not enough RTS's out there so I hope this one does well.Happy hunting!
76561198065436167,Recommended,507490,32420386,Posted: 14 June,all,Avatar Pabu,A solid RTS with a decent learning curve and enormous depth
,Recommended,507490,32431390,Posted: 15 June,all,Boomer the GUY G[A]MER,"A game that has seen amazing improvement and post launch support. It's also a solid RTS in its own right, although the very small playerbase makes it very hard to play this online."
76561197987094314,Recommended,507490,32325882,Posted: 10 June,all,Dr. Assbeard,"this is a great game akin to total anihalation supreme comander and planetary anihalation, if you like large scale rts this is your thing"
,Recommended,507490,32330526,Posted: 10 June,all,eku952,"Quite the awesome game if you ask me, would definitely recommend especially with the new expansions to the game and story being free."
76561198007905021,Recommended,507490,26536839,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MaG3Stican,"Game changed, devs stopped hoarding dlcs."
,Recommended,507490,28852497,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"Updated 7/22/2017 - Alright, so first off I've upgraded to an EVGA GTX 1060 6GB from an EVGA GTX 960 4GB ftw edition. Played for almost two hours straight and the game is comletely stable for me now using both DX 11 & 12. Now I'm not sure myself, but assuming since it's a new better GPU, I imagine this is the biggest difference unless there have been updates I'm unaware of which heavily addressed stabiliy issues. But, as said, the game appears to be %100 stable for me now using this new GPU.Updated 4/30/2017 - Stability seems a bit better, though about as intermittent. Killing any third party programs still seems to help, but in the end, killing every process I can, lowering graphics, underclocking and et cetera, I still experience fairly consistant CTD's on both DX11/12. I suppose I may be in a unique set of circumstances, but seeing as things are still improving on Stardock's end and that I really do like this game in spite of technical difficulties, I'm changing my recommendation from a ""no"" to something of a ""soft yes."" Just keep up the work and get this game a bit more stable!This is still something of an early impression review, as I'm not done with the campaign yet and haven't played multi-player.Now I do like the feel of this game, a streaming economy which feels a bit like how the Dawn of War games and Rise of Nations works. Combat feels fairly smooth with the 'army' function, which allows you to conform multiple units to act and behave as a single unit which increases the armies effectiveness. It's actually a pretty nifty and the AI acts well, that said the enemy AI is compotent and doesn't behave weird or plain dumb like a lot of RTS games which suffer from dumb AI. So kudo's on that.Now for instability. I'm to understand the game was designed for DirectX 12 and Windows 10. Both of which I'm using and the game is pretty unstable, or at least was. I still experience crash to desktop every so often, but when it will happen is totally unpredictable. Though typically I'm able to get a good hour in before the game cleanly drops to desktop, sometimes with an error stating my video driver has failed and recovered. I've lowered my graphics down and disabled an overlays, such as the Steam and Nvidia GeForce experience overlays. Now I can't say whether or not this problem is unique to me, but from searching I can see a lot of people have problems with this game and instability.So where the game is kind of fun, it fails on it's technical side on a subjective level. Though I imagine better rigs with superior gpu/cpu's may perform better with stronger stability, I can't recommend this game until these issues are addressed by the developer. But this game is worth keeping an eye on if you're really into real time strategy games.Pros:-On higher graphics, this game looks fantastic-Strong AI-Unique gameplay mechanics, though very subtle-Decent tutorial and introductionsCons:-Game is very unstable-Game is very taxing on gpu, pushing high temps and bottlenecks very quicklyI really don't have much bad to say, though ten years down the road this could be looked at as a run of the mill real time strategy which failed in the shadow of it's better bigger brother Sins of a Solar Empire (a much much better game, same developer, Stardock games) which is much more worth checking out."
76561198259173273,Recommended,507490,30152482,Posted: 24 February,all,shimbalama,Best RTS out - the new sup com. Easy to learn hard to master
,Recommended,507490,26630266,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Schism Navigator,"""Epic Scale RTS Made Interesting""This review comes from the perspective of someone who is already familiar with Ashes of the Singularity. Please see my review of the base game for full context.First take everything that the base game did. Epic scale, macro over micro, powerful engine and AI. Read all of the user requests for more tactical information, more turtling options and more unit and ability variety. Now more than double your dev team's size and tell them to get to work or Christmas will be cancelled. About 8 months later we have Ashes of the Singularity Escalation.On the surface Escalation might not look like a huge leap from the base game, but trust me it is. There are the obvious additions of course key features like a strategic overlay, new UI, much, much larger maps and a new campaign. However, the addition of new units, defensive structures and a plethora of orbital abilities (both support and offensive) means that you have a great many more options to configure your army and strategy during the course of a game, evolving to beat your opponent.Even the most simple change like allowing the Substrate to collect infinite resources radically changes how you approach each faction and what kind of strategies you might employ during the course of your macro game. When combined with the addition of massive 14 player lava and crystal maps, the game really does feel like a more engaging version of the original game made for advanced RTS players who are looking for more dynamic gameplay.+ New options both in setup and in actual gameplay means a more intense and cerebral strategic experience for veteran RTS players.+ User interface improvements elevate Escalation to have a better quality of life experience than the base game. It has been improved in nearly every way.+ Memories and Escalation campaigns bring more of the lore into the forefront. I would place the story above Supreme Commander but below Homeworld, with the mission variety of Red Alert 2.+ Awesome looking and gigantic new maps that allow 14 players and/or bots to wage planetary warfare.+ AI has been improved even further to make use of the new units and tools, it is more aggressive and wily than ever.+ Includes all of the advancements made in the base game including improved unit pathing, performance enhancements and selectable AI personalities etc.- Same warning as before about this being a very demanding game on hardware if you just barely meet the minimum requirements. Ideally have at least 4 GB of VRAM as opposed to the minimum 2 GB and it being a DX 12 card.- Can be too complex and hectic at times. Definitely not for people new to RTS.- RTS players expecting their APM to win them games will be disappointed.- Still missing some of the elements people loved from games like Supreme Commander like a navy. But there are plans to continue expanding the game so all this and more are on the way.Edit:Since the time of this review’s original version new additions have come.+ T4 Juggernaut class vessels+ Lobby improvements+ New campaign+ Vulkan support+ Improved modding support"
,Recommended,507490,26546439,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,A Gallant One,A terrific game both for single player RTS fans and for multiplayer.
,Recommended,507490,34571511,Posted: 29 August,all,Dildo The Butt Pirate,"Tried for over an hour to get it to work.Managed to get past the loading screen where it locked up before, all the way to the menu. Game crashes on starting campaign or a skirmish.I have a 6700k running at 4.8ghz and 2 x GTX 1080's....Disabling SLI solved the problem."
