user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,510570,25337385,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Raichu ϟtyle,"I have not yet finished this game, but I am 2-3 hours into it.Curse is an immersive horror game where navigation is done by point and click. That said, this game is strictly modernized. The graphics are amazing, the animation is silky smooth and the audio is chilling to the bone.There is a lot of text and story to this game, so if you enjoy reading while residing in rich horror atmosphere, then you are going to love this game. It can also be mentioned that there is an introduction part which gives you some backstory and prepares you for the task at hand.As someone usually not a fan of traditional point and click games, so far I am really enjoying this experience. You quickly forget the fact that this is point and click, and you just enjoy trying to stay alive while figuring out what even is going on!If you want to have a look at what it looks like, then I have just uploaded me playing it to YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhMzMHCkG6w&feature=youtu.beFor horror lovers, I can definitely recommend this game."
76561198042261571,Not Recommended,510570,25403715,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Jamie,"Just in time for Halloween, it's Curse. A point and click adventure you should buy, but for the length, price, and rage inducing, I can't say yes. I feel like saying no isn't right either, but it's not a yes.The sad thing is, Curse has a lot going for it. While the story is slightly cliched, it starts off strong and it's actually kind of pretty. It's going to remind you of a lot of nostalgic games you played as a kid. It's not too easy, it has a slow creepy and WOW THAT'S DISTURBING WHO CAME UP WITH THIS! factor, and an approach that I do actually like.I really wish there was an ""on the fence"" feature because that's what I really am for this game. On the fence.Really. I should be praising it. There's a minor combat system in a point and click game! But it's actually difficult even on easy mode and severely spanks you for not getting it right the first time, then forces you to replay that slow action that led up to the combat over and over again until you pick route one, two, or three and get lucky to shine the flashlight on the ghost. It's pure luck and if you guess wrong or lift your finger off the spacebar too slowly/quickly, you're dead and it's START AGAIN FROM MUNDANE AND SLOW ACTION. This has led to at least four extra hours of playing time and no, that's not an angry exaggeration. I really wanted to enjoy that because combat, even if minor, in a point and click is pretty awesome and while it's not perfect, that's a pretty nice try. Just punishing me so severely for not getting it right feels like a kick to my stomach. When you get lucky enough to zap the ghost, they are disabled in a brilliant display of green fire and you feel pretty great about yourself.Again, if you got lucky enough to zap them.Then there's a bit of a disappointment that we have two ""main baddies"" to banish. There's a pretty interesting storyline and after you conquer the one in the first half, the one in the second half hardly matches up to the first one. Admittedly, a lot of video games suffer from this. The point is to hook you because you're probably going to stop playing after you get so far in the first half. It starts of amazingly strong and the storyline does keep you clicking around going ""BUT WHAT NEXT? TELL ME. TELL ME!"" It's not a let down at all that things aren't what they seem in the ""Blood Manor"". It's more that you're honestly wishing there was more to it and there just isn't as much there as you hoped. Especially since the regular price of the game (even if I got it on sale) makes me think I'm getting a little more. I was hoping for more than two (three-ish) ghosts. If this house is that haunted, I was hoping to make contact with more than just what I made contact with. There's a lot more hinted in story that happens and I was just hoping to see a little more.Curse also has this ugly illusion of choice. Sometimes you get to investigate on your own...but only what the game illuminates for you to investigate. You get the option to not 'read' certain items and this will keep you from being attacked by the ghosts in the house, but that's not really a choice. Truthfully, the biggest choice I got to make in the game was left or right. And then everything else was YOU MUST CHECK EVERYTHING ONE BY ONE AND ONLY WHAT WE SAY YOU CAN LOOK AT. It felt very, very painful to do that. You can't even make your character go backwards to double check something. It's ridiculous.There is the minor issue with the options. I can't mess with my mouse options, which is all over the place in this game. Listen, my mouse isn't this sensitive on my regular screen. How come I'm metaphorically sneezing here and it's going bonkers? You need to give me some more options here other than fullscreen/windowed and to change the dimensions. You really need to do a little more here for me. I can't be the only one swearing when a game does this.There's also an odd imbalance to the ""jumpscares"" from the first and second half of the game. Second half has some silly skeletons under a sheet that made me giggle and yell spoopy while the first half of the game made me feel very upset and emotionally attached to a ghost trying to rip my face off. The pacing just seems weird. It's almost like someone played half way, got offended, and then they decided to done it down with a silly crawling ghost and ""spoopy scary skeletons"" and ""standard covenant with Satan"". It's fine, it's just a horror trope and one many are tired of. While I don't care, it's something people are going to hone in on and start shredding to bits...Let's look at some strong points here. Say we try to look at Curse as a haunted house simulator without too much key collecting. Mission accomplished if so. You've got a decent sized house to explore, get a few scares, have things peer at you from outside, and then move on to the next room. Not bad. We've got a virtual ouija board without the threat of inviting demons and great aunt Ethel to come haunt us. Awesome. We have pop culture references to classic Ghost Busters and even a slug at Five Nights at Freddy's. The game also seems to be self aware at general paranormal silliness. There's a lot to like here. The character design also is rather nice when it comes to Mary and Eve. You know...when they aren't dripping blood, throwing scissors, or punching you... Oh and the music is lovely. It matches the feelings of the investigation into the manor. From tense violins to sad music while investigating a child's toybox, you'll notice the music is really nice...It's just all of those nice points are hard to remember when I'm dying and I have to replay parts over and over again while I'm watching a ghost punch me in the face and hearing the little gagging death noises. It really harshes my vibe. There goes my enjoyment just because of my stupid frustration. That wasn't all that got my goat, so to say...There's also a few game crashing bugs present. If you try to switch your difficulty after dying to a ghost and restarting your game, that ghosts will not show up except for cutscenes. You cannot play the phonograph in the hall and you cannot progress. If you want to switch difficulties after dying, please exit your game. If you die to a ghost and want to fiddle with options in between, just don't do it and wait until you have a ghost-free moment to do that. You will seemingly bug out your game and need to restart everything. I encountered these bugs more than once.As standard with my reviews, here's your health hazards. Flashing lightning and other bright lights are not appropriate to those suffering from seizures or those sensitive to quick changes of light. While I suffer from severe migraines and this did not trigger a migraine, this is certainly migraine territory gaming. Game with caution.Listen, it's not a horrible game and I don't regret it, but I nearly threw my laptop and I'm very tired of doing that. Think about this game long and hard. This is certainly something to get if you really like point and click while feeding your nostalgia monkey on your back. The jumpscares really aren't gonna do it for you if you're a horror diehard. They're not that good and not that convincing. It's a middling game that I really can't find strong feelings for or against."
76561198048974498,Recommended,510570,26049665,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,rjmacready,"Sigh, okay. I concede. It may be time for all us smarmy-arsed reviewer types to put our tails between our legs, because somebody just managed to make a genuinely impressive game using Unity Personal Edition. Sure, they needed to reduce the otherwise ""real-time"" move mechanics to pointing-and-clicking, but that kinda thing is just ""resourceful"" in my book. First rule of being indie: don't try to take on the big boys. You ain't gonna make Bioshock: Infinite 2 on a free engine with a staff of less than ten people, boys and girls. Those kinds of production values are BOUGHT, plain and simple.So how do you compensate for that? Innovation. And while Curse evidently isn't the most jaw-droppingly original game ever made, it certainly does a commendable job of turning its potential shortcomings into assets. That's clever game-making, kids.So the first people I'm going to recommend this game to is anyone else - especially you lazy ♥♥♥♥ing Europeans - who are contemplating making a game with a small team on ♥♥♥♥-all money. This game will do a great job of teaching you all how to make humble pie, while still retaining enough flavour to produce an agreeably tasty little treat.One group I definitely WOULDN'T recommend this to are the anti-linearity brigade, 'cause, yup, it's pretty darned linear. There are moments where you have a bit of agency as to what order you investigate things in, but beyond that, the tightly-constructed plot pretty much leads you where it wants you to go, and decides in what order you open what door or investigate which piece of furniture. It's up to the individual to decide how much such a storytelling device ♥♥♥♥♥ you. Me, I'm fine with it as long as there's good enough reason for it, and as long as I'm still taken on a heck of a journey. This game mostly succeeds on both of those counts, in my opinion. You may not agree.Oh, and those people who don't like to READ: I'd be tempted to warn you people, also, if it wasn't for the fact that you can actually ignore the longer texts and opt for the short ""summary"" which the game offers (which you've basically gotta click through anyway, in order to progress through the game). In other words, those of us who DO like to read can take our sweet time, and the rest of you can just skim past all those ""boring"" bits. So best of both worlds right there. (Oh, and to the aforementioned Euro indie game developers: this game could also teach you a thing or two about how to WRITE NOTES in a competent and entertaining manner. In English, no less...)Which brings us to two of the biggest questions you're all liable to ask, namely: can an ostensibly point-and-click game be SCARY? And is there any ""action"" to speak of, or is it entirely free of danger and/or time-pressure?Answer to the first question: yes, it's pretty scary. Not persistently terrifying, perhaps, but certainly relentlessly spooky. Oodles of atmosphere, and quite a few reasonably effective jump-scares. Oh, and some real-time do-or-die bits as well. Which brings us to our second question...Yes, there is real-time action. Every now and then a nasty ghostie comes for you, and you have to destroy them with a concentrated burst of flashlight (why hello there, Mr Alan Wake)! It's no great shakes as action game mechanics go, and regrettably provides the game with some unnecessary ""cheap deaths"", but provides enough real-time tension to ensure that you'll have your flashlight at the ever-ready for these admirably tense occasions. Minus these moments, this would essentially be a mere ""walking simulator"", and I know how much you philistines hate THOSE.Oh the whole, Curse reminded me of a cross between Layers of Fear, a limited-agency interactive novel, and the flawed-yet-interesting point-and-click ""classic"" Scratches. Don't get me wrong: if I were to compile a list of my all-time top forty horror games, this wouldn't even come close to making the grade. If, on the other hand, I was to compile a list of the top ten horror games released on Steam in the past year, I'd fancy its chances.Is the price a bit steep? Yes. Probably. But Steam sales are a dime a dozen, so just wait for one of those if you're still unsure. If you only play three horror games a decade, don't make this one of them. If, like myself, you play at least a dozen each and every year, this is probably one worth checking out.Verdict: 8.5/10."
76561198131393059,Recommended,510570,25489275,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ScareCAT,"An excellent, scary, and fun ghost hunting game for once with hardness levels you can pick at the beginning! This is not your typical ""point and click"" adventure. Combining more a mondern style of point and click with first person action scenes throughout, this game surpasses many first person ghost games that are twice as expensive. You find yourself, a psychic ghost hunter, investigating the infamous Atherton Manor. Once there, you cannot leave and have no choice but to discover the secret to the hauntings that definitely can, and will, hurt you. The graphics are excellently creepy; dark enough to give that scary atmosphere with colors like red and dark umber saturating the scenes, but light enough that you can see what the heck is happening..most of the time ;). Every fear I have so far has been addressed, lol, from large spiders to darkness to ...well, won't give away too much; I don't want to ruin the great jump scares. This is not a game for people who do not like to read. Full of notes from a past ghost hunt gone bad in the 1980's (Gnarly dude!), you find yourself following their bread crumbs to the source of evil in the manor. There are also wondferful little additions that true horror movie lovers might recognize from classic horror films such as a recorded message left by Mr. Atherton via a victrola that plays itself when you enter his dark abode, similar to the same event in the classic  movie ""Hellhouse"" from a Richard Matheson award winning book of the same name.This game ROCKS!A 10/10 game for playability, graphics, storyline, atmosphere, and originallity. Absolutely was delighted with this and hope Stormgod Studios makes more!"
76561198022600614,Recommended,510570,25367087,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Ouijabored,"I'm going to write a long paragraph about this game.  As much as I've played thus far, this Unity-based game is quite unique.  You get to play the role of a ghost hunter sorta like the ones on tv, except you don't see with nightvision goggles and aren't searching for spirit orbs.  You are blessed/cursed with the ability of psychometry at your disposal and you also get to have (take a deep breath) .....a flashlight!  You point and click where it allows you to; to nativigate around the haunted estate with a macabre history.  You also point and click to investigate clues/notes or to pick up keys or cursed items when allowed to.  You have a basic inventory system that allows you to utilize those keys or items when you're prompted to do so.  But (this is the downside), you don't get to do any free exploration and this I have to say, makes this game feel like it on rails.  However, What makes this game FUN is that you'll feel that the manifestations or malevolent paranormal entities could try to appear and also try to kill you at ANY time.  You never know what's going to happen next in terms of WHEN these haunting manifestations will occur as you are playing.  Although this game has sequentialized jumpscares, you'll get to use that SPECIAL flashlight or yours to defend yourself whenever you are attacked, so you aren't completely helpless like most other indie games with jumpscares.  I've encountered many (oH♥♥♥♥♥♥ Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥) instances where I had to quickly turn my flashlight weapon on at a moments notice.  The cool part is that if you get killed you have the option to pick-up right about where you were just before you became the ghost's 81tcH.  Additionally, during the flight or fight encounters with these evil spirits, the paranormal entities do not attack from the same location twice so you're randomly being brutalized.  The devs did a great job of creating a tense atmos-FEAR in regards to that. The music is creepy.  The creeks of doors and drawers opening on their own, the random scatch noises, and the echoing whispers, voices, and giggling sounds of the spirits are astounding.  The story is also fascinating in that you uncover in the beginning that a paranormal investigation team had been dispatched to the same estate in the recent past but their disappearance became an unsolved mystery.  You're tasked at trying to solve the unsolve mystery of their disappearance while trying to excorcise the estate at the same time.  That's just awesome right there.  Try this game out when the free demo gets released.  If you enjoy it like I do, then BUY the game."
76561198112464101,Recommended,510570,25627189,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,TaeTae,"As a 30 year old chick I ABSO-FRIGGIN-LUTELY liked this game.....It was awesome!!!!  Keeps you at the edge of your seat the entire time and keeps you interested.  As i progressed farther thru the game the less i wanted the end to come.  Big Thumbs Up....I really liked it .  I Would like to find similiar games, Great Job Devs!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,510570,26304133,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,✩ cℓσvεяsтειη ✩,"SPOOK SAUCE:mildI can't recommend or not recommend this game. I'm pretty neutral, as much as I'm annoyed with some parts.You play as a ""professional"" (can you get a steady job in that???) ghost hunter in a spoopy house.Another ""professional"" ghost hunter group has already been there.Spoiler Alert:They're FREAKIN dead.Pumpkins EVERYWHERE. It's Halloween. Evenspoopier.♡ The Good ♡- The story actually got me interested, regardless of cliches. (Oh hey, there's reading!)- Atmosphere is pretty alright.- There are some jumpscares, but they're pretty harmless.- The automatic saving is helpful in most cases.✘ The Bad ✘- It's very hard to maneuver when using a mouse. Not sure about controller...- Sometimes you do not see things right away. Can be super dark. Why is that an issue?- Your flashlight has a battery!!!!!! (Not sure what happens when it runs out.)- I'm assuming you die. Because I die, regardless. (Some choices will cause this!!!)- You move pretty slow, zero freedom to explore. Click where it wants you to go. (But that could also be a plus, because you can't really get lost or confused.)- Okay, but who even actually has that wallpaper design in their house? With the little eyes? You can't convince me ghosts put that up themselves JUST for Halloween."
,Recommended,510570,30152991,Posted: 24 February,all,chadyboy,"This game really surpised me. Why? Well.... you're just going to have to read this review!Let me start by saying this game is a point and click game. If you thought this was a free exploration game it's not, but shouldnt keep you from buying and playing. Overall, this game was impressive and unlike many horror indie games, nailed the horror atmosphere. The music, sounds, and design will give you that errie feeling horror junkies crave and being an indie developler the graphics were impreessive!The story was awesome. Being the paranormal investigator you are, it's your job to seek out clues to various rumors about the haunted mansion you've read about and breifed on by your employer. You have abilities that set you a part from normal investigators that come in handy as you inspect items throughout your journey. For the record, the begining does start out slow but builds up so be patient. After awhile the jump scares are cheesy but they do get better. Throughout the mansion you find lots of clues that actually mean something... unlike many games use for filler which gets annoying. Articles, notes, keys, and your investigative powers really matter in the game and help drive the story. Some parts do get cheesy... I won't lie. Certain scares are passable as you keep clicking away and could be better. The game makes up for this with the handy flashlight your employer gives to fend off ghosts and I died lots of times not timing things right when they start to attack. The scariest parts of the game was from that alone which was awesome...the click and play aspect of the game really shines here.Graphically the game was pretty good being an indie title at this price point. The details from the lighting, to the spiders and rats, and animations were really good! The soundtrack to the game was great but the audio in the game was off and should be updated because even with my volume all the way up, I couldnt hear some of the noises or sounds as much which I think has to do with the game...not so much your sound system. (remeber to turn up your volume guys...pending the developer issues a patch) Other than that, the sounds and music really helped drive this game throughout.Overall you guys... this wasnt a bad game and I loved the story. I was impressed and I finished the game in about 3 hours. This was one of the better horror games ive played and I look forward to what this developer makes in the future."
,Recommended,510570,25530760,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Cozmin,I don't have the balls to finish this game.
,Not Recommended,510570,30803865,Posted: 28 March,all,xaun36,"This isn't a game. It's barely interactive and progressing past the level ""boss"" is entirely based on luck."
,Recommended,510570,30223792,Posted: 27 February,all,The YELLiTOR,"Ok. So I personally don't like the game but thats only because I don't like point and click games that much. With that said, it still scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. I will recommend the game because its bot a bad game, its just not for me.Heres my LETS PLAYhttps://youtu.be/xYbUJH9uJz0"
,Not Recommended,510570,34422899,Posted: 22 August,all,UnsolvedMrE,"More of a ""click-to-play-movie"" type than an actual game. Would probably be a good introductory game for kids ages 8-12 into the horror game genre, but can't say it really did anything for me as an adult. Very slow moving, predictable unimaginative.It's a shame because it had potential. Great graphics and interesting idea, just poorly executed."
76561197974060304,Recommended,510570,26071956,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,GasLitTales,This game is a lot of fun. It has good atmosphere and enough tongue in cheek moments and references to make it memorable. I love the Ghostbusters easter eggs. It was refreshing to play a horror game that did something fun. My only critique is that the finale was a bit annoying but all in all thumbs up.Edited: i was clicking around looking for a game to play and saw that the devs have updated the game for Halloween. Loaded it and love it. Currently on my second playthrough and I still get the same Halloween haunted house feel that I appreciated originally. Thanks for the bonus update. I look forward to what this team does in the future.
76561198109613794,Recommended,510570,29206748,Posted: 12 January,all,janix7,"Game seems to require more graphics card memory than I have in my integrated video card.  I have been trying to change the resolution to be able to play, but its not that effective."
,Recommended,510570,25831954,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,melfm24,"This is an interesting game in terms of the story line and the level of creepiness. Having said that, the limitation of not being able to freely move around is slightly annoying, however it might serve the purpose of attacks by ghosts. However this is certainly not worth paying $16.99 as there is not much content to the game!"
76561198294715378,Not Recommended,510570,30786862,Posted: 27 March,all,BladeDraconis,"This game is ridiculously bad. Glitchy and slow paced. The game does not save. Oh, and if you die, you have to start from the very beginning. Are you kidding me? What is this 1995? What a waste of money. Mind you, I played on Nightmare difficulty and was bored out of my mind."
,Recommended,510570,28602796,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,FiilthyGore,"The game itself is great visual quality, purchused during the winter sale and did not expect it to be a point and click game. Reasoning I didn't know: I don't watch the videos, I clearly want to play games based on their graphics so I go straight to the pictures. Altho I only played 12 minutes, I do admire the storyline. Thumbs up!"
76561198040697164,Not Recommended,510570,28314625,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,sexylaydi,the game moves very slow.  sound and actions don't match your moves. Not in sync.   I hear the footsteps before I am actually move. its all off.  I die no matter how fast i try to move around.
,Not Recommended,510570,30148908,Posted: 24 February,all,YancyStreet,"Slow, boring, INCREDIBLY STUPID plot contrivances, and full of typos. Also, it kept breaking whenever I tried to exit. Do not play this game."
,Not Recommended,510570,33062640,Posted: 30 June,all,Premium Rumpus,This is the wrong type of bad.
76561198016807668,Recommended,510570,26621237,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Velpecula,This is a great game!
76561198084382500,Not Recommended,510570,26277997,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,MAKELELE-MAN,"slow,boring, no free walking and exploring ,my main issue is that there is no free walking around +far too many 'click and wait' sequences, refund in process"
,Not Recommended,510570,30212761,Posted: 26 February,all,aoikami_13,"One of the worst aquisitions I ever have made... If it was free, then it will be already a high cost !"
76561198277633596,Not Recommended,510570,28384008,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,guilfoylevegguilveg,my cursor on my mouse does not function when i play. is this a fault in the game and if so i would like a refund because i can not play the game
