user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198039385766,Recommended,510520,33416874,Posted: 9 July,all,andrew.hoffman79,"***POSSIBLE MINOR SPOILERS***If you've ever been slapped in the face in the dark, you know what it feels like to play through LIttle Red Lie.On the surface, LRL plays like a sprite-based adventure game, where certain poeple or objects need to be interacted with to proceed to the next piece of narrative.  Of course, ""interact"" typically doesn't involve the types of decisions and actions you'll be making in this game.  Naturally I won't spoil anything major, but let's just say that scrambling to rub one out before a work meeting doesn't come close to some of the the scenarios LRL will guide you through before the climax (see what I did there...)This is a story that had to be a game - a book would not suffice.  The ambience of the music, accompanied by the ryhmic pauses of the written dialougue, pulled me into each encounter like no page with words ever could.  By the end of my 5-6 hour play through, these were no longer characters, but poeple I had given voices to... people I might have known otherwise.Make no mistake, though.  There is an antagonist in Little Red Lie, and depnding on the player, once it clicks, it clicks.  Sure, on the surface it may seem like we are dealing with typical adversaries such as anxiety, depression, illness, and unquechable greed - but that's simply window dressing.  What will truly exhaust the player is self-reflection.  The mirror that this game forces in front of your own face is far more punishing than anything I've encountered from FROM Software.  It is this reflection, like being interrogated under spot lights, that had me laughing out loud one minute, to choking back tears the next, to just simply putting the controller down and staring at the basement floor for a while.After the credits rolled (and after a very unexpected experience that had me recalling moments from Nier: Automata's finale), I spent some time reflecting on the spiral I had finally reached the bottom of - completely convinced of my own sociopathic nature - and I felt a sense of resignation.  This is game you cannot win, nor would you want to be able to win.  It's a mirror to your soul, and an indictment on your existance.  It's also fanatstic and necessary.Why would I lie...?"
,Recommended,510520,33448999,Posted: 10 July,all,tchu,"What a wonderful little game, full of poignant commentary on society...both that of today and of the foreseeable future. The writing is completely solid. I love this type of story-driven experience. Some sassy fourth-wall breaking also needs to be mentioned. Overall a very welcome gaming experience!"
,Recommended,510520,33747417,Posted: 23 July,all,FamousAdventurer77,"I just finished playing Little Red Lie and ho-ly ****.I've played a lot of serious games with really strong narratives. Seen writing of all quality in games that express my generation's fears and frustration with what we have to contend with. None of them spoke to me on such a visceral level as Little Red Lie did.While not a 1:1 analogy of my own life, I found myself in tears at several points of the game because of how much it mirrored things I lived through. I've been poor. I've been wealthy. I'm very fortunate to be comfortable right now. Went through the awkwardness of seeing a friend who once treated me to coffee now washing dishes...and the icy fear of seeing clients from my very last professional sector job in their homes when I had to take a sharing economy gig to pay my bills.I identify with Sarah's character a lot. While I'm a tad younger, I see so many of my past behaviors before I got treated for depression. The strained relationship with her sister, worrying about being her sole provider someday. I was totally transfixed because it felt like my life was suddenly on a screen.Play this now if you want a hard-hitting narrative that might hit REALLY close to home if you're stuck between Millenial and Gen X/older Millennial. It reminded me of why I went through everything I survived to become a game developer. To hang onto that hope despite the world of **** our generation got stuck with, and tell the stories that need to be told."
,Recommended,510520,33654105,Posted: 19 July,all,Vogue,"Pessismistic and fuming, Little Red Lie is less an arc and more a pulse check on a flatline.If you're frustrated, Little Red Lie will speak to you. If you're not, it might elucidate the way that a significant % of your neighbors and friends feel."
76561197970742658,Recommended,510520,33430946,Posted: 10 July,all,polly4dj,"Will O'Neill crafts another amazing narrative driven adventure. The fact that the only possible action is ""Lie"" will unsettle you in more than one occasion. The feeling you have towards the characters will shift oh so many times. Prepare yourself for a emotional rollercoaster that will probably left you pretty drained (if you, like me, play the whole thing in one sitting).A+ for putting a key that highlights everything that could be interacted with and avoid the fear of missing out something. Interact with everything will expand massively the story and let you enjoy even more the amazing writing."
,Recommended,510520,34116277,Posted: 8 August,all,XpandoObject,"Game is savage... don't let the people telling you (correctly) that it's a work of art or a great narrative make you think this is some kind of schmaltzy hyper-reflective slow-burn. Nah. This game is punchy as hell. I'm a pretty underread dumbo so bear with me here: it reads like a more mature version of Chuck Palahniuk or Bret Easton Ellis or George Carlin or Aaron Sorkin. Maybe you think those guys are fundamentally dumb, but they're not boring! This game isn't boring, so it avoids the biggest problem that many narrative games have, which is being boring. The characters have acid-tongued inner monologues and it's fun to read even as the actual content of the story makes you grow grey hairs. With some luck, images of this game will end up being posters in some ding-dong's dorm room.I appreciated a lot of aspects of the game but that was what I appreciated the most. I'll leave the rest to the other reviewers.In terms of grievances, I have but two:- Small technical issues. Some bad collision bounds. Some text that should have been red but wasn't.- The story has blanks which the reader is meant to fill in. By the time these came up, the game had proven itself as a trustworthy dissector of modern society. It had the right to fill those blanks in.Anyway it's a real achievement. Speaking of achievements, I finished the game with 3 of the locked, and I really want them, really badly! That means the game is good."
,Recommended,510520,34003177,Posted: 3 August,all,taloketo,"Little Red Lie is a very sad story, and the saddest part of it is that it feels so real. Here's my no spoiler review.The game is about money, it's about some people desperately needing more of it, and some people having more of it than they can spend. The story is told through well paced sequences and the game keeps throwing little surprises in your way to keep things fresh.The pixel art looks fine but the art really shines through the HD drawings that come up on important events. Realisticly drawn images silently blend into the very dark nature of the game that stretches its realism into events and symbolism that goes far beyond the realism it seems to be proud of.It's a very well written story, the kind that we as players don't get to witness very often if at all.What might make you not like this game? The story is mostly linear, and there aren't many decisions you get to make in the game. The writing is dark and texts are long, and it takes its subjects seriously, that might not be for everybody. Know that what you are getting into is more like a thoughtful movie than your everyday game. You are mostly playing to read, and observe the story.I am happy that this game exists, it's not something I thought I would be playing. It's not a game that could exist as a product 10 years ago. These type of themes are a great fit for movies and books but we rarely get to play them. I think this game is important and you should give it a chance. Play an hour of it and you will know if it's your type of game or not."
,Recommended,510520,33548154,Posted: 14 July,all,Fledo,"Lie to get attention on Steam(I don't know if I should recommend this game)(I certainly don't know what effect it will have on you as a person)(Then again, I want to trick everyone to at least experience Melissa)Little Red Lie is like nothing I've ever played before. You shold *definitely buy* this game! I *love* it!"
76561197984820498,Recommended,510520,33992120,Posted: 3 August,all,Giaddon,"Will O'Neill is one of the best fiction writers out there today, and his chosen medium is video games, apparently.If you've ever been finacially insecure, or if you just like tragic, funny fiction, or true stories about our lives, get this game."
,Recommended,510520,34764972,Posted: 5 September,all,BobCat,"I bought this game because I loved (if that's the right word) the developer's previous game, Actual Sunlight.Similar to Actual Sunlight, LRL is a narrative-based game with minimal choice and interactivity. However, the game uses this limited interactivity very carefully, allowing you to pace the game as you want and explore as much of the character's inner thoughts as possible.The game is an exceptionally well-written exploration of debt, capitalism, family and mental illness. I'm not sure I agree with its uncompromising nihilism, which at times can come across as a bit of a rant. But everything is written with such flare that this doesn't become an irritant, even over the 6 hours of play it took to finish. At least for me, the writing was constantly challenging my expectations and making me challenge the characters, the game, and my own prejudices. So I may be coming down too hard on the nihilism - the ending of the game left me wanting to say ""screw you, game, I'm better than that."" It's difficult to know which responses are intentional and which are just my own unique response to the game - by my consideration, a good test for a complex piece of art.All in all, a highly recommended game. I feel like I ought to revisit it in the way you revisit a great book. Unlike most games, I feel there are still many depths to plumb in this story before I feel I adequately understand or appreciate everything the author has tried to do."
,Recommended,510520,33550153,Posted: 14 July,all,GodArmz,"Remember that part in ""Lisa: The Painful?""...the one where you climb that latter?And after climbing that latter for so long, you think: ""Whatever's at the top of this latter's gonna pay off! It's gonna be the GREATEST thing in this entire game!""...yeah."
,Recommended,510520,33831133,Posted: 27 July,all,sociohat,"A wonderfully written narrative game with excellent presentation. It is bleak, but it avoids being too overbearing by being uncompromisingly honest with its subject matter; something that other writers try but fail at.One of my favorites this year. Buy it."
76561198086486560,Recommended,510520,34042175,Posted: 5 August,all,Grayson,"Really enjoyable, story driven, dialogue heavy game about the lies that we tell to get by on a day to day basis. Really highlights the lies we tell to make things easier for others, versus the lies we tell to manipulate others.Thoughtful and insightful views on modern life, I would expect nothing less from developer Will O'Neill."
,Recommended,510520,34026768,Posted: 4 August,all,Pat_Bren,"A very good and important game, about illness, debt, death, and what people have to do to survive in modern capitalism. It can be overwrought and I'm not sure if the minor ""meta"" element works, but Will O'Neill, the creator of Little Red Lie (and the excellent Actual Sunlight previously), obviously feels passionately about the aforementioned issues, and his game is an important and mature work, completely unlike any game with more than a triple digit budget. LRL is a grim and often extremely dark game, but one well worth playing."
,Recommended,510520,34060404,Posted: 6 August,all,Jasyla,"Little Red Lies tackles everything from mental illness and poverty to sexism and the economy. The writing is fantastic and I loved that this took place in and around Toronto. Everything was familiar, not just the places but the characters. Sometimes it felt like the game was talking right to me and other times it felt like it was talking about people I know.Though often uncomfortable and always scathing, this is a very effective work of interactive fiction. For a game all about lies, it has a lot of brutally honest things to say."
76561198219076364,Recommended,510520,34033218,Posted: 5 August,all,UncoloredPage,"This game is a great representation of things that are really happening right now, to a lot of people. I feel like a lot of the characters in this game have some sort of relatability that you may be able find in yourself or people around you. It also deals with a lot of heavy topics like debt, poverty, depression, addiction, things that not a lot of games would be able to handle properly, and I’m glad to say Little Red Lie delivers. The pacing is on point and it throws a fair amount of curveballs at you throughout, especially from the halfway point onward. The end being so exceptionally mind-bending that I had to take a walk afterwards to put into perspective what actually happened.So what we have here is an excellently written, narrative-driven game that has a very relatable concept and handles these issues with a sense of grim sincerity. This definitely isn’t a heartwarming triumphant story that you’ll be smiling about, but I don’t think that was it’s intention. I very much enjoyed what I played and if this game sounds remotely interesting to you, I highly recommend buying it. For only $10 on Steam, I can definitely confirm it’s more than worth it."
76561198000025916,Recommended,510520,34109997,Posted: 8 August,all,AJ - Gemini,"A story focused game with branching converations and a lot of text. It was a little slow of a startup, but once things started kicking in I was engaged enough by the drama unfolding to play the entire game in one setting. (I might not reccommend this, as I know I missed a lot of stuff, but it worked for me.)This game is actively unpleasant to play - it's very dark and cynical. So it's not for everybody, especially if you don't want to deal with playing as someone designed to be disliked. One main character is particularly unpleasant to embody. I actually kind of dig being a jerk in a video game but this guy is really over the top (at times he felt less like a real person as just a parody of the worst imaginable possible person, but the game rather acknoweldges this in a way). To be real, I liked very few of the characters yet I was still dying to know what was gonna happen to them.I also learned new things about the Canadian health care system.Play if you like text, so we can discuss whether or not you got a real ending and what you think it all means."
,Recommended,510520,33666460,Posted: 19 July,all,Sean,"The writing in this game is excellent.  It would be very easy for someone less talented to make the story feel pretentious or edgy, or weighed down too heavily with its intense topics.  But there is a balance and flow to this narrative that consistently keeps you invested in the story and the characters within it.I appreciate that the writing isn't overly focused on one particular element, because while it touches on many perspectives, it doesn't feel like it's overtly giving a political, philosophical or cultural message.  Those elements intertwine naturally, which is nice for the viewer, since it allows you to mull over little intricacies in the writing without being distracted by what you feel the writer was clearly trying to say.Finishing this game felt like finishing a good book, and i loved the experience.  Very excited for what Mr. O'Neill's future projects may bring.I'd definitely recommend this if you'd like to dive into an intense story that makes you think.  Understand also that it's heavily driven by the story, so don't come in expecting tons of mechanics."
76561197983467155,Recommended,510520,34267037,Posted: 15 August,all,2Mello,"2017 has been a great year for games, and Little Red Lie continues this by speaking directly and aggressively to me from my computer screen about the harsh reality we now live in. At most points hopelessly bleak, at other points disgusting, and yes, sometimes, hopeful, the story gripped me and would not let me go until I finished it, even on nights when I had other things to attend to.You may not enjoy playing this game, not because it is difficult (very simple gameplay based on interaction with highlighted objects) but because it is uncomfortably true. Similar to NieR: Automata, another great story-heavy game from this year, it will make you think about things that you do not want to think about. Things that we all strive not to think about. You'll be willingly doing this to yourself, so prepare for that--but for me, it was like entering a sauna of my own present worries and just letting them surround me for a bit in order to feel better later.A lot of indie games are created by optimistic, hard-working and creative people, and this sometimes carries over into their products and gives them a positive outlook, somewhere within. But Little Red Lie, like NieR: Automata, gives it to you straight and lets you decide whether you're gonna let it crush you or continue to build."
,Recommended,510520,34211933,Posted: 13 August,all,PoisonIvyCarter,"I loved this game and I really think it's a shame that more people aren't aware of its existence; I, myself, only found out about it from Snapchat. It's definitely not one for the faint of heart with its hard-hitting narrative and I think it should come with a trigger warning because of some of its more graphic scenes, but it's unlike anything else I've ever played and I don't feel like it would work as well as it does within any other medium besides a video game. It's one of the most well-written, thought-provoking and innovative games I've ever played and although it can be hard to actually physically play at times, due to its aforementioned graphic content, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it for its overall experience."
,Recommended,510520,33679821,Posted: 20 July,all,Volrath,"This game (or 'interactive story,' which is more accurate, since the only gameplay is wandering around interacting with things) is a brutally, unflinchingly honest dose of truth about what's broken in society. Spoiler alert: The answer is 'a lot.'It's not easily summarized but you have two lead characters - Sarah, who is dealing with escalating medical costs and the resulting strain on her family, and Arthur, a rich prick. His story may not always be as engaging but does provide some welcome comedic moments. If you've lived for a while (and this is a game meant for adults, not cause of swearing or whatever but because it's about things you deal with as you get older), you'll recognize a lot of the issues that come up. If you're American like me and imagine Canada as the promised land of health care, this depiction will come as a bit of a shock...and perhaps a disconcerting feeling of ""Jeez, if THEY can't make it work, what chance do WE have?""It's often super depressing (although Arthur's excesses can be very humorous like I said), so heavy that I was taking ""breaks"" although it only takes about 4 hours to finish. But it is VERY well-written and sometimes it's healthy to get a dose of the awful truth. That ""culture of positivity"" stuff you see on social media (""nobody can make you feel bad except you LOL"") could use a beating once in a while and this game sure provides that. Like Actual Sunlight (and this is the same writer), it's  a story most people wouldn't dare tell but deserves to be told nonetheless."
,Recommended,510520,34385243,Posted: 20 August,all,Baasvik,"An incredibly striking and gut-wrenching look at the society in which we exist. A literary work that deserves creedence and praise for its honesty in a time when we seem to be losing grasp on the truth. I really could not recommend this enough to anybody unafraid to get an alternative perspective on the current state of the economy and truth. I review games on Youtube, but ocassionally break to do full-on critical analyses of games when they deserve the thought and effort and this one does. If you already played it, I discuss some of the important themes and give more thoughts in the video below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1Dw86LRytM"
76561197988130111,Recommended,510520,33729399,Posted: 22 July,all,DarkFarmer,"An adventure game which is predominantly a visual novel, Little Red Lie offers phenomenal writing and artwork and gets a very strong recommendation to narrative game fans for both its small cost and short, but adequate length.The developer of this game first came to my attention a few years ago with Actual Sunlight, a similar game about the protagonists struggle with depression and thoughts of suicide. Despite the dark subject matter, the writing of the game was humorous, touching and witty, putting a very human face on the very serious problem of depression and suicide.Little Red Lie is more about society than mental illness, but the take on society is every bit as dark and dismal as clinical depression. And, its not wrong. The issues brought up by the game are very real and the arguments are very convincing. The two protagonists are fully alive, with their own struggles, personality, and experiences shining through. I feel like I know Arthur and Sarah like real people and I am glad I got to meet them.Although the writing, dialogue (much of it internal) and characters are excellent, the game struggles a bit with the story arc and game design. I like that the game is short, but I think it could have been much longer, and would then justify more art, music and writing and really move beyond Actual Sunlight in terms of scale, scope and value.Nevertheless, I couldn't stop playing this one until I got to the end, and I recommend it to any narrative game fan or gamer who likes to read, or write serious literature.Some other narrative VN/adventure games I have played and enjoyed would also include: All 3 Zero Escape games, The House in Fata Morgana, Steins; Gate, Yumei Nikki, Mad Father, Higurashi when they Cry and of course, Actual Sunlight."
,Recommended,510520,34070617,Posted: 6 August,all,SchmidtSource,"Little Red Lie paints a grim picture of the human condition and shows you the difference money can make. If you find the frustrations of poverty familiar or frightening, you'll cycle through anger and despair in almost equal measure between the tales of Arthur Fox and Sarah Stone. It's a raw, real and heavy ride right to the finish line, and it'll reinforce a lot of harsh realities that'll leave you with plenty to ponder after the credits roll. If that sounds up your alley, come stew in the darkness for a few hours. It's a delightful time!"
76561198170847469,Recommended,510520,34002398,Posted: 3 August,all,Rhotur / Based Adhoc,Wow
,Recommended,510520,34079299,Posted: 7 August,all,stillisles,"a lot of videogames get called ""well-written"", but that's often because people don't want to think playing a 30-hour rpg was a waste of time. i think little red lie does everything it was supposed to do, and a lot of that is communicated via text.it's a good game to play in whatever time you have between work and sleep. i can't imagine trying to marathon it. take your time."
76561197981176945,Recommended,510520,33731577,Posted: 22 July,all,matt,"Little Red Lie is a dark, but excellently written visual novel. This is by no means a happy game, nor would I say it is an ultimately satisfying one. There's a lot of story here to chew on and despite some weaknesses towards the end, the heights are sharp and often devastating.If you've played Actual Sunlight, you've got some idea of what you're in for. Overall, this game is broader in scope covering a number of characters rather than the singular focus of the previous title."
,Recommended,510520,33757603,Posted: 23 July,all,KeenDreams,"You know that something is well writen when you begin to understand and empathize with characters that you found revolting at the beginning of the game - even though I did have unconditional positive regard for Arthur Fox, which is what I imagine Kevil O'leary to be like in his secret life.This story is what is happening in Canada and North America. Most people can't, and are not making it without significant financial support (or significant luck) from somewhere else.10/10. Some of the best and most genuine writing I've experienced in a game. It's about what most of us fear or are intentionally or unintentionally oblivious to.""Cash, Rules, Everything, Around, MeC.R.E.A.M.Get the moneyDollar, dollar bill y'all"""
,Recommended,510520,34604784,Posted: 30 August,all,Drulius Caesar,"I'm not through the game yet, but the writing is stellar and the game hits hard. If you want to play a game for adults, or a narrative game that's interested in being more than just your usual coming of age/whatever nonsense,  this is it.Also - check out Actual Sunlight if you haven't already.I'll update this review when I'm through the game fully!"
,Recommended,510520,33756680,Posted: 23 July,all,The Golden Geist,Little Red Lie is the best $10 I've spent in a long time.
76561198138470540,Recommended,510520,34411909,Posted: 22 August,all,Matcha,"I've been a fan of RPG Maker games either playing it myself or watching lets plays. When I saw a post on Twitter about Little Red Lie, I was immediately intrigued by the summary and ultimately driven to purchase the game. Prior reviews were right, this game is a fantastic piece of work in aspects of rich narratives, characters, and portrayal of modern day society. I've never felt so engaged with a game such as this one, perhaps being a Millennial, I strongly empathize with what Sarah experienced regarding work, family, and attitude towards life. I appreciate both Sarah's and Arthur's narrative as they reveal many facts and processes that are and had been going on in our world... and that's what make this game so appealing to the players because we can relate to these ""lies"". Plot-wise, I honestly could not predict what happened given that we can't control what the characters ultimately say or do in the game, but that's satisfying because like the real world, there's uncertainty. I assume that I am not the only one who loves these narratives, which are the core to what make this game such an enjoyable play experience. I'd be lying if this game didn't have any influence on me reflecting on myself, family, and money in a serious manner. This is an exceptional game that cannot be measured by words, so I recommend others to try it out. You won't be disappointed and perhaps may even gain something from it."
,Recommended,510520,35264867,Posted: 28 September,all,pliny,"Maybe the best thing I can say about Little Red Lie is that I finished it a week ago, and have thought about it every day since.LRL is a parallel character study of two people you won't quickly forget. Writer/creator Will O'Neil cleverly plays with the ""Adventure Maker"" genre to tell a story unlike anything you've every run across in a video game.It's relentlessly bleak--strap yourself in. But it it shows people who need to be seen and it says things that need to be spoken out loud."
,Recommended,510520,33739048,Posted: 23 July,all,Awaiting Death,"If you like hipster angst, you'll love this!"
76561198308812683,Not Recommended,510520,35006228,Posted: 16 September,all,BlackKnightJack,"I went into this game knowing full well it was going to be bad. I went into this game assuming this was going to be a progressive hipster's commentary on society and thought it'd be fun to mock on that basis alone. As such, I expected this game to naturally be a bunch of pretentious twaddle, but even my expectations were blown out of the water. This game just WILL NOT SHUT THE ♥♥♥♥ UP with its inner monologues that think they say WAY more than they actually do. And because you get inner monologue which is basically just the creator's pseudo-philosophical ramblings every 5 seconds or so, you don't really get to appreciate the story even though the story is, frankly, quite dull. Don't get me wrong. Sarah's story certainly picks up with a nice twist at the end, but the problem there is the creator managed to ♥♥♥♥ it up in the end anyway.Word of advice, Will O'Neill: If you're going to label your game as ""Story rich"" then learn how to write a story first. The writing is so bad that it makes Twilight look like Hemmingway."
76561197975870609,Not Recommended,510520,33801323,Posted: 25 July,all,Megaton365,"Incredibly disappointing. Based on the developer's past work and reviews of this title, I expected much more. There's no gameplay here in any sense of the word, essentially just screens of inane rambling by a writer who thinks themselves far more important than they are. Please don't waste your time on this."
76561198117261509,Not Recommended,510520,34197269,Posted: 12 August,all,kristensix,This is more of a book and less of a game. . . No gameplay at all. Very disappointed.
