user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,512180,31692213,Posted: 11 May,all,Chudah,"Nightshade is a game that I simultaneously enjoy and dislike.  That may seem like a difficult task to pull off, but it's possible.  Now, I admit, the artwork is absolutely gorgeous and the voice acting phenomenal. BUT... those two things can't carry a story, and that's where Nightshade falters.  Plot issues aside, the characters are where the game truly shines and is what kept me interested  beyond my first play through.Let me get straight to gushing about the game's characters.  While I wasn't in love with each and every one of the obtainable love interests right off the bat, most were interesting and likeable enough for me to seek out the resolution to their individual storylines.  Yes, all of the standard character tropes are present, and although Nightshade doesn't break any boundaries when it comes to its romances, it does them well.  And honestly, that's all I'm really looking for out of these games, well-written romances.  Of course, while some of the guys are more appealing than others (Goemon and Hanzo), there's at least one that will have you completely smitten by the end, maybe two.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=918425771When it comes to artwork, the game is stunning.  The character sprites are not only amazingly detailed but feature emotive facial movements that lip sync to the dialogue.  Although this isn't the first time a VN has accomplished the feat, it's always appreciated and certainly helps bring the characters to life.  Nightshade's CGs are some of the best in the genre and are not only beautifully drawn but emotionally poignant, wonderfully emphasizing the more dramatic scenes in the story.  The dialogue and voice work are also top notch with fluid writing and believable acting.  Seiyus generally do not make or break a game for me; if they're bad or distracting, I simply turn them off, no big deal.  I do admit they're really good here, and it helped immerse me in the times I felt my immersion beginning to wane.Unfortunately, where Nightshade stumbles is in the plot department.  Granted, I've read worse otome stories, much worse, but there is WAY too much repetition in the sequence of events that follows the common route chapters.  Sure, there are some minor changes in details, but for the most part Enju spends a good portion of the game traveling through the forest evading capture by the same 3-4 shinobi clans.  It isn't until the final chapters that things change enough to rekindle my interest, but it's just not enough to keep me engaged past the 3rd character route.  By my 4th and 5th play through I had shut off my brain's story ""receptors"" and was merely hoping the relationship between Enju and her beau would quickly move beyond hand holding.  And no, I'm not expecting anything saucier than some light kissing, but when that's all I have to look forward to?  Well, just kiss already, dangit!!!  That said, there are plenty of feels to be had and a few enticingly steamy situations that had me begging for more.  The build-up of the romantic tension was handled splendidly in just about every route and is reason enough to play through them all.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=908388325Sadly, the abundance of feels wasn't enough to leave a bigger impression on me. I really thought I'd walk away from the game with a stronger attachment for it than I have.  As a lover of pathos and angst, there's certainly enough here you'd think I'd be in heaven, but I feel kinda...meh.  Don't get me wrong, Goemon is worth the price of admission alone (seriously, if anyone claims to hate his character, FIGHT ME). I just wish there were more weight to the story, and maybe that's a result of not relating to Enju more.  Whatever the case, I feel a little empty now thinking how this beautiful game didn't quite live up to my lofty expectations.  Perhaps someday I'll come back and play it again without those same expectations holding me down.  Still, I recommend it if you enjoy otoge at all; even with its shortcomings, it's better than most of the current offerings on Steam."
,Recommended,512180,32632061,Posted: 21 June,all,G_shen,"I want to start by saying that for the most part I really did enjoy Nightshade. It’s a little tragic for an otome, but the artwork and characters are stunningly beautiful and it's a very well polished game overall - which isn't really surprising given the price. The voice acting is extensive and very emotionally impactful; it really adds to the quality of the experience and if you have yet to try a game that's fully voiced (in Japanese FYI) you should definitely give it a go.After reading a few reviews however, I couldn't find too many that really address how dissatisfying the game can be, so despite the thumbs up here I go.The story can be quite tragic, and when done properly it was very bittersweet, but more often than not I found it to be a bit jarring and at odds with the romantic character arcs. For example, the MC might have just witnessedthe horrific deaths of people very close to herand then moments later gets giddy and embarrassed because her crush held her hand?The routes share a couple of interesting twists but when you boil it all down that's pretty much it. Most of the game is spentrunning through woods and having random encounters with enemies.All in all I can't say that's something that woud ever deter me from enjoying an otome game - I'd be lying if I said I'm here for the plot - but lumped together with a couple of other niggles makes it all a bit of a naggle (mixed experience).The protagonist is a bit floppy and does very little herself. I understand the need to be rescued every now and then, but when it’s done constantly by not just the love interest, but every single guy around (and always out of nowhere), it gets very old fast. She's a bit like a sack of flour that's just thrown around and hoisted over people's shoulders all the time. If she manages totake down a skilled enemy on her first mission,why can’t she pull her head out of her♥♥♥♥♥and intervene, or even, god forbid, win, when people she cares about are threatened?Throughout the game it’s emphasised that Enju has less experience than some of the others and that she must be protected etc. In fact, this is probably her defining characteristic and the writers seem to have bent backwards trying to create excuses for why she can't do something herself when other outcomes would just make more sense. There seems to have been more effort put into Enju's intense phobia of having a spine than anything else in the game. This leaves her with very little impact on the world around her, especially for someone so central to the politics and schemes of the era. She should essentially be making some of these important decisions but she ends up spectating and then dressing wounds more than anything else (you’ll quickly find out for yourself that I’m really not exaggerating).No one buys an otome game expecting a highly realistic historical narrative, but when setting out any good story there should at least be some consistency in world building and characterisation.I have a sort of love hate thing going on for most otome games on the market and I'm just gonna shamelessly lay it out here because I'm so tired of seeing the same thing over and over again.In almost all the routes, Enju has a lot of incentive to figure things out for herself or take action, but for a spy/assassin she’s shockingly dim and naïve, and it really irritated me to see that potential go to waste. I know it's pretty much the norm, but it would have been so satisfying to see a story crafted around someone capable and intelligent, filled with intrigue and espionage, without resorting to the classic born-yesterday-MC you find in every game. Her passive nature also makes almost every interaction feel one-sided or even kind of demeaning, which, barring a small niche demographic, can be very uncomfortable to read as a player.Generally speaking, the characters are sweet and often likeable, especially the MC as she puts herself above others and it manages to come off as genuine thoughtfulness without being too irritating. As a protagonist, I thought her design and background were quite unique and it's nice to at least be an actual shinobi instead of the usual princess or bystander. A number of the scenes the characters all have together are funny and set up emotional attachments for the player, but the dialogue does feel a little padded out sometimes. There was a lot of exposition and occasionally the more dramatic scenes were very repetitive or lasted far longer than they needed to. Conversations often go in circles and everyone keeps saying the same thing over and over in different ways - not for dramatic effect but just... because? Not to mention a lot of the ""mysteries"" are not very mysterious at all and I'm pretty sure a 7 year old with a decent grasp of logic would be able to understand everything before the MC does. I'm not sure if this is all done under the assumption that teenage girls will somehow not be able to handle a more complicated narrative, or if the developers are just sticking to the ""delayed-reactions-are-easier-than-plots"" otome gold standard, but it does come off as a little insulting sometimes."
76561198074286822,Recommended,512180,31123943,Posted: 13 April,all,Kira ☆,"[Read Full Review Here][Walkthrough can be found here]STORYLINE 3/5Pros:* Immersive world of ninjas and samurai, based on a real historical time period (End of Sengoku Era)* Refreshing storyline, and captures your interest from first impressions within the early chapters* Conflict between the ninja clans within an overarching political war created a more complex plot* Great world-building, and detailed background on the universe of Nightshade* A lot of unique ninjutsu incorporated into the game, which made it more exciting and authentic with the ninja theme* Tale of adventure, self-discovery, self-worth, familial loyalty and love* Writing and execution of the storyline was a strong point of the gameCons:* Main linear storyline is prevalent in all the routes (common route is the same for all characters)* Game branch diverges into two linear story paths.* Although there are alternate events and different endings for all the characters, the core events of the storyline are repetitive. This makes the game become rapidly stale by around the third or fourth playthrough.* Events that would once invoke surprise or shock became predictable due to the linear storyline.* The character routes are not fully disconnected from one another, and they all build from the same premise.* No true/canon ending.CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT 4/5Recommended Route Order: Goemon → Hanzo → Kuroyuki → Gekkamaru → Chojiro (storyline makes the most logical sense and greater spoilers throughout the Koga ninja trio routes)Pros:* Captivating cast with fun and interesting relationship dynamics with one another* 5 obtainable bachelors; each with different and unique personalities* Interesting character pasts and twists* Delves into the thematic concept of what it means to be a Shinobi, and sense of duty conflicted by morals and beliefs* Crafted stronger attachments to the characters, due to the multi-faceted dimensions of their personalities due to the tragedy of their pastsCons:* Ieyasu Tokugawa is not an obtainable character, which is a huge waste of his lovely seiyuu and character design.* Needed more diversity in the character roles* They're all ninja, whereas including Ieyasu Tokugawa would have created a significantly more refreshing and multi-dimensional storyline in comparison to the current cast.* Would have made a unique path with a different perspective to the current storyline rather than running as a fugitive in every route* Would have liked epilogue endings for the characters with bonus CG for a more wholesome conclusion for the character stories.DESIGN 5/5Pros:* Highlight of the game* Surprising number of character sprites in the game that are illustrated and voiced* Beautiful character designs (especially for Enju's outfit and colour motif).* Backgrounds especially well done, they look like a water colour painting.* Nice character sprite poses, especially their fighting stance, ninja outfits and unique weaponry* Teita is the same artist for Norn9 by Idea FactoryCons:* Artist is a little inconsistent with hands/body poses in some CGs, but it's a negligible point that can easily be overlooked.* Side profiles were noticeably the most awkward in CGs* Small discrepancy in quality between character sprites and the CGs within the gameMUSIC AND VOICE ACTING 5/5Pros:* Lovely music and OST* Enjoyed the battle theme* Experienced and famous character cast, and emulated their personalities very well.* Similar voice actors to the Hakuoki series, will instantly recognise their characters and voices.* For example: Hattori Hanzo (VA: 津田 健次郎 Tsuda Kenjiro | Yu Gi Oh as Seto Kaiba, Hakuouki series as Chikage Kazama)* Goemon Ishikawa (VA: 緑川 光 Midorikawa Hikaru | Fate/Zero as Lancer, Starry Sky series as Yoh Tomoe, Fire Emblem series as Marth and Haven't You Heard? I'm Sakamoto as Sakamoto)* Chojiro Momochi (VA: 鳥海 浩輔 Toriumi Kōsuke | Naruto series as Inuzuka Kiba, Hakuouki series as Saito Hajime)Cons:* NoneSYSTEM 3/5Pros:* Includes all basic functions such as save slot, skip, quick load/save and CG Gallery.* Nicely designed UI* Nice extra effects such as leaves falling, sakura blossoms scattering and rain animation.* Character animations such as blinking and mouth moving when speaking were included.* Flowers appear on screen hovering over the bachelor whom you earned affection points with.* Memories tab allows you to replay chapters of your character route, and unlocks bonus events upon completion of route.* Had very clean fighting animations, definitely made the game a pleasure to play as the action unfolded* Variety of bachelor voices to choose from for the system dialogueCons:* First day release had text spacing issues. The team did fix after a couple of hours, but for a delayed release of 4-5 months after the original release date, you do not expect for these issues to still occur.* Text font choice could have been much better and clearer to read.* Had trouble initially adjusting the text speed because it kept setting text speed to 99% rather than 100%. As a result, text did not appear all at once and took some fiddling around with to work. This is a problem I have never encountered before.* Ease of use of the UI is average, and is on the clunky side.* Would have liked to see scene recollection included, rather than only being able to play the specific chapters of the character routes.* Jump button would have been useful (for skipping to the next decision) especially during the common route.CONCLUSION* Solid game* Heavily inspired by Hakuoki. Athough Nightshade has it’s own fair share of suffering and tragedy, it overall was nowhere near as dark and painful.* Had more light-hearted moments and genuinely happy endings rather than the bittersweet ones in Hakuoki.* Main highlight: beautiful artwork, stellar voice acting and great music.* First playthrough = 8hrs, subsequent playthroughs were 3-5 hrs per character. Total Game Time: 20-30hrs, which is fairly short.* The linear storyline and lack of character role diversity really took away from the overall feel of the game. It definitely lost its momentum and surprise factor by around the third playthrough, as it essentially only followed one of two linear game branches that both revolved around the same concept* Enju's character development did not feel as fleshed out or as well-developed in the other routes in comparison to Hanzo's story.* Not having Ieyasu Tokugawa as a character was a huge waste of potential for both storyline and character development* Would have liked to see a true ending/canon ending route.* Captivating character cast* System could have been greatly improved* Nonetheless, it is very enjoyable and one of the better otome games on the market* Would recommendOVERALL RATING: 3.5/5"
,Recommended,512180,32274303,Posted: 8 June,all,ultimate waifu,"Man, I can talk lots about how awesome this game really is. It seems like you're watching a good anime and suddenly you're in the anime and things get bloody, and then you want to die but you don't want to die and when you look at the time you realise it's 5 am and you gotta work in 3 hours and tell yourself ""Ok, I'll go to sleep as soon as I'm done with this chapter"" and keep saying it until you finish the game. help"
,Recommended,512180,31163722,Posted: 15 April,all,Junebug,"A Thrilling Shinobi ExperienceYou play Ueno Enju, a young Japanese woman who is a novice shinobi, caught in the middle of peacetime politics and government espionage. Nightshade is a gripping story set in the Sengoku Era, very loosely based off of the years after Nobunaga Oda's death. You will come across original and fictionalized historical characters and, depending on who you choose, your heart will soar or be crushed—or both! Besides the main character (MC), this visual novel is fully voiced and the art is a stunning interpretation of the period.(I will mostly be referring to Hanzo's route here) Sometimes I'd look at Enju in awe because of her love for her friends and her ability to adapt. While admirable, she was the typical naive, porcelain skin, young woman that is seen too often in Japanese VN's. I also wish she weren't so docile and self-deprecating (though I understand it is a result of her environment) but I love who she becomes. Another thing I am grateful to the writers for is that some of the love interests (LI) never blame her for horrific things that happen. For example, Gekkamaru and Hanzo understood that situations were out of her control and explicitly said it was the other party's fault. Oftentimes in VN's, the LI would get irrationally upset and blame the MC, saying it could have been avoided but that never happened. I loved it.At the beginning, sometimes I wanted Kyara to be the protagonist or to have her own route (still do). Kyara is confident, down to earth, funny, vulnerable, non-apologetic, and there's just a lot to love about her. There were missed opportunities to open up for more political intrigue and action sequences. In addition to Kyara, the game would have also benefited with a route for Ieyasu, mostly because of what I found during my brief research of the Nobunaga Oda (yay, tangential learning!). Ieyasu was a historical figure who, as a child, was a hostage of Nobunaga's clan and eventually grew to be one of his strongest allies. Again, missed opportunity.The overall story is intriguing but doesn't branch very far. Every route is linear, whether you choose dialogue for the good or bad ending. Besides the finale, the same thing will always happen each route but the MC's characterization and development may vary. If you were like me and wanted to go down Hanzo's route first, it is nearly impossible to get it without restarting multiple times or following a guide. Even if you chose neutral options for other characters, simply picking the wrong area to visit will ensure you don't unlock his route (or your desired path). I'm not expecting Bioware-level decision making but having to choose places to visit with no indication of which route it benefited dragged things out; it's an inconvenient storytelling mechanic if you want a specific path.The voice acting is phenomenal. I don't mind that Enju doesn't have a voice. It allows the player to place themselves into her shoes more easily. I also suggest using the MC's name instead of customizing it because the characters actually say her name aloud. Plus, it's odd to have dialogue suddenly cut off, especially during heated moments. Another mechanic that was completely unknown to me until recently is, if you have a mousewheel, you can scroll up to review and rewind back to a dialogue you might have missed. Lastly, some of the audio was recycled which broke immersion because it'd make me laugh. It's funny hearing the same kissing clip multiple times. It can be easily overlooked though!My recommended order of play (spoiler-free; Bad Endings not considered;routeratings—not just LI):Name5-Phrase Traits, Route RatingReasons For Placement and ReviewHanzomysterious, pragmatic, motivating, encourages Enju to be more independent, respectful of his enemies and peers (10/10)I usually recommend best for last but this route will give you a good understanding of the politics to start off. By the end, the route featured the most dramatic and best character development, the perfect balance between angst and hope, the best slow burn, unsurpassed fight sequences, and the fact that Enju has a very healthy relationship with everyone throughout the route—especially with Hanzo. All of it = relationship goals. I've replayed multiple times and will always return to this. Sidenote: Ieyasu is at his best in this route.Chojirodutiful, serious, reserved, strict, humble (1/10)Skippable; it felt like 10 Naruto filler episodes in 1. The majority of the plot is spent on minor characters—which gave me some relief until the route felt more like a Bad Ending plot from middle to end. The MC reveres him in extremely unhealthy ways, even when he did horrific things. I loved his design and I might have been more lenient if he weren't her cousin (so yeah, incest warning) but even then, his route was sleep-inducing. I like him in other routes and I feel like this would have been better if it were about his strengthened familial bond with Enju, with an emphasis on Chojiro's ties between Iga and Koga clan. Another missed opportunity.Gekkamaruimpulsive, loyal to a fault, idealistic, hotheaded, dramatic (6/10)Provided a lot more backstory for Enju's and Gekkamaru's family history. There's also a bit of a slow burn and a lot more angst than I expected. Many of the unfortunate things that happened in Chojiro's route occur here as well. It's not as infuriating but it's one heartbreak after the other so brace yourself. Even though the relationship is a bit fragile and not as happy an ending as I'd hoped it would be, I enjoyed Enju and Gekkamaru's dynamic all the way to the end.Goemoncheerful, often makes a pass at Enju, cunning, manipulative, trickster (6/10)This will give you a bit of a break from all the angst, especially if you decided to do the Good & Bad endings first. Goemon can be way too assertive at times, but he almost always asks for Enju's permission (almost). While not the best, this interpretation of the historical figure was okay. The plot was filled with unpleasant twists and the drama leading to the end dragged on for way too long.Kuroyukiplayful, cocky, emotional, brutal, overzealous (4/10)I and many others recommend reading this route last because many untouched parts of the story are revealed. This route was not fun and it wasn't supposed to be. Kuroyuki and Enju had a destructive codependency that reminded me of Chojiro's route, only it was so much worse. I thoroughly enjoyed the way minor characters were woven into the story and how the main arc was elaborated through this route. I also liked the ending with the minor characters more than Gekkamaru's. The humor, strength, and persistence in Enju's friends was the highlight of this route.There were times when the narrative and characters fell into overused VN tropes but it can be endearing for the novelty. If you can power through that, I'd say this is a win just for the production quality alone. There are still some bugs but the developers are always patching and they've been very responsive to the community which is terrific. People may also appreciate a diagram of the keyboard/mouse mechanics; hopefully it will be added! From the historical revisionism (particularly Hanzo and Goemon), to the visuals, the soundtrack and acting—you'll find yourself in love, in awe, in tears. Despite its shortcomings, you'll be entertained for hours on end and Nightshade may even re-ignite your love of shinobi legends like it did for me. TL;DR: Play for Hanzo only.6/10"
,Recommended,512180,31176325,Posted: 16 April,all,Swekana,"Finished Kuroyuki's route and can't force myself to start the new one, because me and Enju promised him to be together forever and this little pure kitten needs love like nobody else in the game.Feeling fixated and deeply bond to fictional character again. 11/10."
,Recommended,512180,35056664,Posted: 18 September,all,Arisa,"Beautiful graphics, animation, and voice acting. I loved that they animated the characters talking and their actions (bringing their weapons out/fighting/standing in front of you). Several routes had bittersweet moments, which kudos to that because there is no such thing as a super happy ending.I still cry whenever my ninja squad diesSome of the downsides are that the fight scenes were too long or there was too much it for my tastes(I just wanted to get back to the plot) and I got easily bored with the interactions between characters and skipped over a lot of dialogue. Oh and dat price.My favourite route is definitely Hanzo's (his voice actor has a very noice, husky voice <3)"
,Recommended,512180,31168496,Posted: 15 April,all,AbsolutelyAbsolem,"""why dont you try loving the men that we have""""none of them can princess carry me and speak grass whistle code and also are the world's strongest shinobi""Extremely easy to play (i.e. very easy to figure out how to get on a certain character's route and get their good/bad endings), controls are not explained but are pretty easy to figure out (space to hide text box, right click for main menu)choices aren't complex (which can be a pro or a con depending on your preference) mostly just binary good/badThe VA are top notch A+++ and almost all characters are voicedRoutes vary from very happy to extremely tragic which gives it more variety in an otherwise straightforward gameBeautiful music, though I feel some tracks are over/under utilizedVery cheap in comparison to other VNs of similar caliber (especially with the launch sale at time of writing)I have 80 hours at the time of writing this from leaving it open for like 3 days straight listening to the music and playing it between other activities, still gonna play my fave's route for like the fourth time now ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ If that doesn't say how I feel, I don't know what does"
,Recommended,512180,31257513,Posted: 20 April,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"Hyakka Hyakurou is a rather short game with a straightforward story. It don’t not recommend it to anyone who is looking for a complex story with heavy plot, though other than that, it’s actually a good game. The art, the cast, the BGMs, and of course, the awesome battle scenes, are all excellent.Pros+You Get To Date 5 Good Looking Ninjas+Well Drawn Arts+Nice Soundtrack and Ending theme.+Multiple Endings with a lot of replay value+reasonable price for an 40 hours + game.Cons- i found none since i am enjoy reading through till the end.Note: This game is usually aimed at a female audience. A game with a female protagonist, with the central focus on developing a relationship with one or more male characters."
76561198354866983,Recommended,512180,31093061,Posted: 12 April,all,crysania.lmt,"If you are at all bothered by poor typeset / spacing you might want to avoid it.  The Japanese version is perfectly spaced (I just wish it included furigana) but the English version is all over the place, its extreme distracting.I would still recommend the game long as you can get past that fact. The seiyuu are great, the art is pretty and the story is nice.Edit:  not sure if it was updated, if it was only the first 3 chapters or I just had issues the first day but the spacing seems better, still not perfect but the words are not overlaping now at least.  I would not even say it would be a noticable issue anymore."
,Recommended,512180,31098140,Posted: 12 April,all,Saitzu,"First thing to say is... wow.The art style is awesome, the same as the one seen in Norn9.The story of this game is pretty different to what I am used to play, it has not much romance (compared to some others) but it has plenty of drama, so if you don't like drama and maybe cry (depending on how sensible you are) you might want to skip some routes.The seiyuus that worked for this game can be easily recognized, some of them being pretty famous for their voice acting in some animes.Every single character is voiced, except the MC, including secondaries. The OST is great, I really loved listening to some of them and I even bought the OST. Even the sfx are well done in this game, thing that you can't see in every single game.Another interesting thing about this game is the fact that you can change the voice that is used in the menus, maybe for some this is something useless but I find interesting being able to hear their voices. Then another important thing, in my opinion, is that they added a relationship chart. A lot of games lack this option and is pretty hard to know how you are doing with the boys.Some of the characters that appear in this story, were real, like Hanzo, Ieyasu, Mitsunari and Toyotomi. I think this is something that makes the story funnier.The game is pretty good, but of course, not everything can be perfect. The fonts in game are different to the ones displayed in the store, the letters are too separate like they wrote it like  t h i s  instead of like this. For some people, it might be annoying but doesn't make the game unplayable.Overall the game is awesome, I have been waiting for this for a while so now is my time to enjoy a great story and characters.Edit: The problem with the space has been fixed so it is perfectly readable."
,Recommended,512180,31121079,Posted: 13 April,all,Angel ♥,"The concept of the story isn't new in any way but it is believable, the characters are believable and so are the surroundings (it helps that some people, events and places are historically correct). The voice acting, art and the immersion is just perfect.I got sucked in from the start and at the time of writing this review (9.5 hours) I've only completed one route, so it's not a short game at all.My opinion of the game is very subjective so it shouldn't be taken as a guideline, everyone will have their own individual experience. I felt that it was great that the story wasn't just about romance. It was also about friendship, failure and success.All in all, lovely game.EDIT: I forgot to mention that I would have loved an epilogue to wrap up the story nicely. Some sort of final conclusion at least."
,Recommended,512180,31411282,Posted: 28 April,all,Nyxeris,"A Fantastic PurchaseI bought this rather hesitantly, but I have absolutely no regrets. It is 3am, I just finished my third route, and.... wow. This game has sucked me in completely. I have been binging this since I bought it three days ago and can hardly stand to step away from my keyboard.Fair warning:this isNOTa lighthearted game, and deals with somepretty dark themes.ProsBeautiful artwork + character designRich storytelling--there's a lot more going on than first meets the eye, and in order to fully appreciate the story from all its angles it may be best to follow this route:Goemon->Hanzo->Gekkamaru/Chojiro->Kuroyuki. I personally played it Goemon->Kuroyuki->Gekkamaru so far, and it has been a wild ride.Hours upon hours of readable materialExcellent voice actingSmooth and intuitive UINo stat-building (personal preference, but I play otome games to enjoy a story, not to worry about my stress level or whether or not I poured enough into my stats to secure a Good End--then again, this is a VN, so it's not surprising)A fair number of choices to make that influence the path of the gameConsMinor spelling and grammatical mistakes throughout. Not a big deal for me, but it can break immersion.There are a few spots where the script uses the preprogrammed name or just says [name:] instead of the one you entered--again, it breaks immersion a bit, but thankfully it doesn't occur in any really important spots.I honestly cannot think of any others.This game may or may not break your heart.Kuroyuki is an enjoyable yandere but his route has a lot of spoilers for the game's plot which can make the other, lighter ones (like Goemon's and Hanzo's) less enjoyable if it's played early on; and I was not preparedat allfor the soulcrushing sadness of Gekkamaru's route. I mean, he appears at first to be the most obvious choice, as your devoted bodyguard. I went into it thinking it would be a sweet, fluffy time after the heaviness of Kuroyuki's route.BOY was I wrong.If you've got the money and you like to feel deeply connected to the characters and their struggles,BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,512180,31403787,Posted: 27 April,all,Camy,"I thought I was ready to get on this ride, but wow, it sure did turns I didn't expect.   I thought it was going to be light-hearted, ahahahaha.  Ha.  In terms of the feels department, it's way more so than Hakuouki to give a comparison.  The BGM is also excellent even though I have to lower it since I get distracted by it if I don't as usual in these games.  The artwork and CGs are really great as well, it'll definitely make you squee and other noises - even mentally.The MC was pretty interesting, probably my favorite right after Code: Realize's and Scarlet Fate's.  She goes through development and changes on which route you go on especially some certain ninja.  I would use the Discord eyes if I could.  She's the kind sort but she has backbone and reacts as one would expect given her background.  I can't say much or it'll give away the plot.The story itself is like a mystery/action/romance novel which was so good, there were literally no holes I could find and you'll notice that there are differences between some routes too.   The order I went is kuroyuki -> goemon -> gekka -> chojiro -> hanzo and I'm so glad I did because Hanzo's route is the greatest way to end this game on.  I have only done Happy Endings since I don't think I can manage the bad ones just yet since I don't think I can survive them.Hugely recommend this to any visual novel fan, it's very well worth the price.  I bought it when it first came out with a discount but it's still worth it full price."
76561198140306503,Recommended,512180,31321542,Posted: 23 April,all,ifearonlyhim,"At first glance, I suspected that this game was a clone ofHakuoki(which I didnotenjoy), and after playing 75% of Goemon's route, I was sure of it. I'm so tired of weak MCs and semi- to outright abusive relationships with severely troubled partners that I was tempted to just delete the game, but I'd seen high praise for Hanzo's route and finally decided to give it one last try.Wow. That route was worth all the money I spent on this game. The age difference and some worries about Stockholm syndrome aside, I'd go so far as to say it's one of the best I've ever played in an otoge. If you're like me and prefer honest, healthy relationships in which the partners help each other grow into stronger and better people, give Hanzo Hattori a try. He won't disappoint."
,Recommended,512180,31175980,Posted: 16 April,all,Charlotte ♕,"I highly recommend this game. Very well-worth its price. This is my very first playthrough with Kuroyuki but man, this game just blows me away. Now, I'll proceed with the pros and cons.Pros:+High-quality voice acting. Delicious ear candy.+Beautiful graphics and animation.+ Gripping and riveting story. The story takes you on an emotional roller coaster ride (and I like it!) You are able to put yourself in your character's shoes and directly feel what she feels. I love how this game can keep you in your seat and be entertained. The story seems pretty long but I don't dread spending more time to unlock other character routes. In fact, I'm looking forward to them!+ Relationship bar. It's a nice feature to see your romantic progress with each leading man.+ The heroine isn't annoying at all. I was initially expecting the typical and usual irritating, damsel-in-distress, no spine heroine you usually find in other visual novels but I was proven wrong. She can actually hold her own and has a mind of her own. The heroine is easily relatable.Neutral:There are a very few typos and grammatical errors but you can easily brush them off (unless you easily get offended by grammatical errors and typos) since they don't affect the storyline in any way. No biggie.Cons:- Sometimes the music doesn't really suit the current situation and the music can be quite repetetive.- Some parts of the storyline has a bit of a slow progression but it's totally bearable.- I just found it a tad annoying that my character kept on saying ""Kuroyuki"" almost every time she's speechless or while she's listening to Kuroyuki speak. If I had a dollar for every time she did that, I'd be sleeping on a huge futon of dollars by now.- No Tokugawa route. :(This game is really difficult to put down because it's addictive to play. Personally, I couldn't seem to get enough of the story. Even if it's already early in the morning, I found myself clicking away so I can find out more about the story. If you love visual novels, historical fiction, handsome men, and Japan, then this game is totally for you! Please buy the game and support the devs. The devs deserve support for all their hardwork for bringing us this beautiful, spared-no-expense game."
,Recommended,512180,31195271,Posted: 17 April,all,Vidservent,I was really looking forward to this because it looked like Hakuoki lolIt has a similar affection system which is actually more simple because for each route there's only a true end or a bad end that happens in the end plus there is no alone or normal ending.There's practically 2 different plot lines that's not too different from each other which will branch in the middle of the common route.The art is pretty and the sprites blend with the background and CGs. There's full Japanese voice acting for everyone except the MC and a gallery.Definitely recommend for Otome and VN lovers.
,Recommended,512180,33404035,Posted: 9 July,all,Syao,"I usually go into otome games with the lowest of expectations in terms of MC heroine and writing. So playing this game was a pleasant surprise.PROS- less-annoying-than-average MC heroine (she's still Mary Sue-level of kind, but she has character growth and does not depend on her love interest for everything)- BEAUTIFUL artwork- quotable romantic lines- actual interesting storyline with historical BG ala-Hakuouki, but with a more useful MC heroine. Plot isn't afraid to tackle suicides or murdersCONS- not enough CGs :("
,Recommended,512180,31302161,Posted: 22 April,all,Nova,"lovely art and nice story. Wish Ennosuke had a route though, he's really interesting as a character ;v;"
,Recommended,512180,32146433,Posted: 3 June,all,demonic_innocents,Overall this is a great game though not without its faults. I found 1 or 2 of the routes didn't quite fit in the long run and sometimes the choices given arn't ideal but other than that I had a lot of fun playing this game.
,Recommended,512180,33311443,Posted: 6 July,all,Saito-kun,Hanzo's route on its own is worth every dollar. Best writing in a VN I've experienced so far and Tsuda Ken's voice acting is top notch as always. MC is strongest in this route as she discovers her own will to learn and survive while kicking♥♥♥♥♥ Hanzo also develops in tandem as MC grows. He seems like the heartless badass ninja trope stereotype at the beginning but as the route goes on it really shows how multi-dimensional his character is. There's believable build up in their relationship and growth despite the extraordinary circumstances they find themselves in. Music is good. Sprites are good. CGs are good. uhh yall mind if i hit that recommend ??anyway best boy hanzo buy this game
,Recommended,512180,31193353,Posted: 16 April,all,(ง ื▿ ื)ว,"this game is a real HOOT{spoilers, ya'll}played hanzou first. he's old enough to be and had actual potentional in being enju's father. 11/10 still banged and would commit sudoku againplayed goemon second. a thief """"libertine"""" (a prost itute lets be real) who stole enju's heart and probably her virginity too. 11/10 would be stabbed to death againcurrently paying choujiruo's route. 11/10 was not mentally prepared for friends brutually dying.conclusion: it's day 572 and i refuse to keep playing choujiruo's route (stopped at the beginning of chapter 10). i will force myself to, eventually. will update with my pain and suffering as i get to kuroyuki's and gekkamaru's route"
,Recommended,512180,31564366,Posted: 5 May,all,Lin,"Nightshade was a highly anticipated game for me and I don't regret my purchase at all, I enjoyed every route and I love the characters...Especially Hanzō.I recommend purchasing a copy of Nightshade if you enjoy otome games or visual novels in general, the story is well written and the length is decent. I have 54 hours in it, but I'm a slow reader.Pros+ All characters have their own unique personality, including the support characters. They don't feel empty which can be an issue in some visual novels, especially the ones that focus on romantic routes.+ Wonderful voice acting, it's amazing how they could bring the characters to life - especially during emotional scenes.+ Artstyle, I really enjoyed how the non-CGs looked. The fact that they actually moved around made me enjoy the game even more, it's a small thing, but it's still amazing.+ Themusic, I loved the soundtracks in the game. The piano OSTs are absolutely wonderful and I'm going to pick up a copy of the soundtrack whenever I can.Cons...?- I can't really think of any cons except the translation which can be a bit janky at times, but it's not something that ruins the experience, at least for me personally. My first language isn't English,clearly, so I didn't notice a lot of spelling mistakes. The ones that I did see were really minor things."
76561198096405133,Recommended,512180,31286459,Posted: 21 April,all,SK7、,"First of all, I’m attracted to The Nightshade because the theme song has a sense of substitution, by watching the prologue animation I found that I like Bro Ghojiro, Kuroyuki and Gekkmaru, I just focused on this game. Once I saw a message filled with gratitude for this game (LOL) then I decided to buy it and play, I believe the good stuff sells by word of mouth. This friend wants me to share feelings about the game. So after first run I write this game-repo, but I’m not much professional for the first time, please excuse me:1. About the plot: for the first run I chose answers according to my mind ,I didn’t have a special purpose of them, (actually I wanted go into Bro Chojiro’s route - -), but I went into Kuroyuki’s route and had a happy ending with him. To complete his all route I deliberately went into his bad ending, I couldn't stop crying!! Although the bad ending is also sweet, I don't know how to say it , maybe I was moved or just made me sad. In a word, the story is attractive!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=9103522262. About the sound: I bought the nightshade OST bundle, I have to say that OP and ED both are orphean, of course, cast’s performance is excellent~ And you can choose the voice of the system with whose you want XD3.About the image quality: there is no doubt that character’s design is great, and speed is very smooth, it’s just like watching anime, but I think the gallery of CG should be more beautiful.、I hope that these help to you  :)"
76561198328986186,Recommended,512180,31146027,Posted: 14 April,all,peyveste93,"I love this game. Any otome game that has voice acting rises on my list of favorites like immediately anyways but not only does this game have voice acting, they have popular voice actors to play each character. For example Hanzo is voiced by the same actor who voiced Kazama in Hakuoki.It has moving sprites so it looks like they are talking and they do blink. Plus the background moves sometimes as well with shaking screens and falling leaves.I only played one route so far but it had a solid plot that made me emotionally connect with each character, cry and laugh with them, and appreciate the plot.The art is also gorgeous. It is done by the same artist that worked on Norn9 so if you liked the art in that game/anime you should enjoy this as well.I really like this game and hope to get a VITA port for it in the future as that is it's original platform."
76561198203099629,Recommended,512180,32667354,Posted: 22 June,all,Sarabellatrixx,"The feels are strong in this one.Also, Hanzo is the best husbando. Gah. I love him so much."
76561198092478626,Recommended,512180,31213096,Posted: 17 April,all,FragolaGelato,"TL;DR Nightshade is the equivalent of an AAA game in the otome world, and absolutely worth its price.First for an overview.Nightshade is a visual novel on what it means to be a shinobi in the Sengoku era of Japan, during a time of tentative balance teering on the brink of change. The main character (I strongly recommend keeping the canon name Enju since the other characters will actually say her name) is a girl who is determined to give back to her shinobi village, and finds herself way in over her head in a conspiracy.There are five routes the story can take, each involving a romance between Enju and a specific shinobi man. Each route is the perfect length IMO, not too long and not too short. In total, the game should probably take between 18 to 30 hours depending on the speed of your reading. There are a total of five routes--2 of which are angsty, 2 of which are hopeful, and a third in-between (slightly more on the hopeful side though).Pros:-The historical Sengoku era and shinobi aesthetic is very cool even for someone who knows basically nothing about the historical figures (but was inspired to look them up more after finishing the game.).-Writing across the board is high quality, with each route taking their own spin on the game's overarching theme--what in the life of a shinobi is truly worth living/fighting/dying for. Suspense and tension are very nicely maintained. The stories know when to be serious and when to be playful, so this consistency in tone is reassuring. Some plot threads are picked up and then dropped, but that is pretty natural to any visual novel with multiple diverging routes and in this game it never occurs on a truly bothersome scale. Overall it's extremely easy to immerse yourself in the story IMO.-Character development can be absolutely superb in some routes. The side characters are great fun to have around and also ripe for drama of their own. I can say that in every route, the main characters change in a believably human way with consistent motivations and goals.-Voice acting is stellar. They shelled out for the VAs, and it shows. Every main character has a perfectly fitting voice. You can even choose which character's voice you want to hear when you're navigating the main menu! I do wish Enju herself was voiced, but oh well.-Visuals are generally beautiful. The portraits are gorgeous, the backgrounds are lush. Teita's art style fits this game perfectly. Even the fight scenes are somehow very captivating despite the typical visual novel limitations (can only be written with portraits blinking around, clashing noises, etc.)-Soundtrack is good overall. There was one screeching guitar track I disliked during action scenes, but that was the only one of its ilk, while there is a particular dramatic action track I absolutely loved.Possible cons? Your mileage will vary on whether these are negative or even positive.-Story only has a single very fundamental premise. Of note, there is one /giant/ branching point early in the story that divvies out the five routes into two branches. The plots and reveals of the two branches are fundamentally different. However, there are two routes in the same branch that have quite similar stories, so if you do one your suspense during the other will be significantly decreased.-Some routes get more closure in terms of the overarching story than others. However, I can say that every route does achieve closure. Often the routes that didn't get that ""overarching story closure"" often received far more satisfying ""individual journey closure,"" so it's not a strictly bad thing.-Just like every otome game (nay, every visual novel) in existence, some character archetypes will naturally appeal to you more than others. As a result, most people find themselves with one or two favorite routes that they want to reread over and over. Those one or two routes alone could justify the entire price of the game :P On the other hand, this means most people also find themselves with one or two routes that are unappealing.-UI can be a bit clunky, but it's tolerable and very much usable. It has the much appreciated industry standard options of Quick Save/Load, see the previous script, jump back to an earlier scene, etc.Other notes:-There were text readability issues for the first few days, but it has been fixed. I can safely say that right now the text is perfectly comfortable to read.One last word, don't let looks deceive you--Hanzo is the cutest boy in the cast."
76561198048886643,Recommended,512180,33894932,Posted: 29 July,all,kasaisupritto,"To start, I've only done 2 routes, but I was wildly impressed with this on the first, so I'm ready to write this review.Pros:-Art is good-Music is good and mood-setting-They somehow figured out how to make action scenes action-y with STATIC ART.-Protag has a personality! She has goals and fears like she's a person or something! She got a few ""non-responses"" as I call them but generally had thoughtful dialogue and internal monologue.-This game is QUOTABLE. Like, things were said I will actually remember cause it was so COOL (in spoiler just to be safe):""He only taught you how to die. I wish he'd taught you how to live.""""He never told me how to die.""""You learnt it watching him. Same thing.""-Hands down, this game has the best translation I've ever seen in a VN. They did a great job.-When other reviews said I'd cry, I didn't believe them. Guys, my heart broke over characters that weren't even romanceable. And that was a GOOD ending. It hurt so good.-This game actually makes use of themes, instead of just trying to put together a situation for romance things to happen. I'm not going to say the story is great literature, but I did actually get invested. There are lessons for all the characters to learn. Yes, ALL, not just the protag. The ""bad"" ending is when those lessons aren't learned. The characters themselves are surprisingly well-rounded. Just...not the villains.-One of my pet peeves is when sexual assault on behalf of the LI is presented as romantic. So far, this has not been a problem, and the game actively steers away from it. Also, protag has a meaningful friendship with the men she's not romancing, and other women in the story too.-LIs vaguely fit into the common ""type"" tropes you see, but they were more dynamic than that.-Basically everything good the other reviews say about the protag's development are entirely accurate.Cons-You may have to exercise your suspension of disbelief.-Villains are bad. Not just evil, but objectively one-dimensional.-Could do with a few more CGs, could do with some slightly better ones. They are adequate.-Very few choices to make, maybe just over 1 per chapter. Didn't really bother me, though, because I generally agreed with the choices and liked reading how they unfolded.Recap: EVERY NON-ENGLISH VN SHOULD USE THESE TRANSLATORS; They did the protag and friendship stuff super right; I felt real feelings for stupid fake people, like, 3 layers of tragedy. 11/10, give me more ninja tragedies.P.S. Don't listen to other reviews, Hanzo is not the best route (though it was very good). Chojiro is the best route. All the feels, guys. All the feels."
,Recommended,512180,33600452,Posted: 16 July,all,Cake,"Good writing, artwork, and soundtrack. Interesting characters and routes. Amazing voice acting. You can definitely get multiple playthroughs out of this. My only complaint is the price."
76561198067488075,Recommended,512180,32954204,Posted: 28 June,all,Custard's Ire,"Daddy Issues: the Visual Novel...But for real: pleasantly surprised by the stories and characters, Hanzo is bae."
,Recommended,512180,31109400,Posted: 12 April,all,silentthievess,"If you guys wanna check out an English Let's Play of Nightshade, Prologue and Chapter 1 (and Chapter 2 soon, can't go beyond that since it's forbidden by the developer) are on my YouTube channel :D here's the link to the first vid! (REVIEW DOWN BELOW)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cw73zXfzOqQAs for the review, I am absolutely loving this game! The bois are gorg (GEKKAMARU IS MY BAE), the artwork is TO DIE FOR, the music is beautiful, and the story flows well! And a piece of advice: if you don't like how the text bunches together, just go to settings and put the text scroll setting on the fastest speed, that should fix your problem! Definitely check out this game, I love it so far <3 (it's very obvious in my LP lol)UPDATE: Just finished Gekkamaru's route! Wow...it certainly was not what I was expecting. There was tension, there was drama, there was death. But please, PLEASE do not let that deter you from playing the game. His route is a masterpiece, and genuinely tugs at the heart."
76561198029721827,Recommended,512180,31099397,Posted: 12 April,all,707 Trash (´• ω •`),Reminds me a lot of Hakouki in a way with the atmosphere and story.  I really recommend it!
,Recommended,512180,32173915,Posted: 4 June,all,Raizura,"Steam Cloud Support would be much appreciated... but so far so good!Will possibly update this when I'm done. :3but as for now, THANK YOU. please continue to localize more otome games.*coughmoreTsudaKencough*"
,Recommended,512180,31199983,Posted: 17 April,all,Naruchin ☆,"A lovely otome that managed to positively surprise me. One of the best thus far on Steam. Absolutely recommended!The sprites and CGs are gorgeous. The soundtrack, which I usually mute in VNs, didn't bother me and fit each scene pretty well (I had also mistakenly bought the OST bundle instead of the game as standalone, so I felt almost obliged to give it a go orz). The voice acting was stellar and each voice fit the characters extremely well. I blushed several times, courtesy of Goemon and Kuroyuki dulcet tones. The fight scenes, despite the limitations that a VN format brings, were not dull thanks to perspective changes on sprites and a great use of transitions. I was so impressed I needed to praise them, this production value is a breath of fresh air.The first 4 chapters form the common route, and there are 13 chapters in total. I'm a fast reader, in 20 hours I managed to read all the good ends, force skip to get the bad ends and get all memoirs (those were hellish to get orz) to get 100% completion.There is no description of the love interests on the store page, so I'll write a line or two about each guy and his route:Goemon is a flirty and carefree guy, older than the MC, tho it isn't specified by how many years. I found his route extremely sweet and the most positive overall, with some angst only near the end. If you feel a bit overwhelmed by the angst of some routes, you can do him right after to take a break. Bonus points for his sultry voice.Hanzo knew MC's mother as they were childhood friends. While this might creep you out (and big age differences are never really brought up cusdifferent timez), his route is honestly so healthy, so positive. Mutual and self respect are big key points in his route. There is angst near the end, but MC grows so much, I was proud of her in the end.Kuroyuki is MC's age. His route has some supernatural elements. He's impish and, you'll notice soon enough, fixated with MC in averyunhealthy manner. They will grow codependent from one another. BUT. Everyone else will warn MC. I was so elated when MC's friends helped her snap out of it herself. And if you make the right choices, their relationship will take a turn for the better. It's a pretty dark route nonetheless. Bonus points for his voice, I think I like his the best.Gekkamaru, 3 years older than MC, shares with his brother the obsession for MC and light supernatural elements in his route. Your journey with him is an angstfest. His obsessive, protective attitude towards MC, despite being good natured, felt really creepy (was even worse than Kuroyuki's for me). If you're into Master/servant dynamics this will be your stuff.Chojiro. Where to start. He's 6 years older than MC, he's her teacher and on top of that, her cousin (basically I kept him last because my face was :/ when I thought about romancing him). They downplay the incestcuz different timesand despite it being a squick of mine, they brought it up infrequently and so halfway through I had forgotten about it. He is serious and duty bound. He's also absent for almost half of his route, which focuses more on the support cast; when he's on screen, it's an angstfest. Bonus points for his design because I'm weak to long, silky hair.My recommended order would be Goemon > Hanzo > Kuroyuki > Gekkamaru = Chojiro. Goemon's route is the most positive. In Hanzo's the angst becomes more serious. Kuroyuki's route serves as a grand finale of the three and the beginning of the true angst™. Gekkamaru's and Chojiro's should definitely be last, with Chojiro's route being a big hit or miss due to the POV switching/his absence for a big portion of it.The only pet peeve I had, call me petty because of it, was that kisses/hugs were as far as physical things went. I was expecting at least a little bit of intimacy to go with the mature themes. The lack of it becomes unbelievablein Goemon's route, Kuroyuki's and Gekkamaru's. Goemon's an experienced man. Should I really believe he asked MC to marry him after they shared just some kisses? Kuroyuki manipulated MC to make her dependent on him and... no sex? In Gekkamaru's route the description for emotional sex is used... for hugs??Idk there were several moments when I felt that the intimacy was forced away from the plot (possibly because of rating?). Maybe I'm old, maybe I've been reading too many Dogenzaka smut mobage ports. Maybe I'm hoping for a 18+ fandisk. Who knows :P again, minor pet peeve.Quality of life suggestions fromyour friendly local libertine: if you keep Enju as the MC name, it will be voiced when the other characters call you by name (instead of generic nicknames)! In the settings you can change the speed of auto read and skip. You can also change the character in charge of all the little voicelines in the menu (I set it to random to have some variety).tl;dr: one of the best otomes on Steam, great cast, there's angst™"
76561198023270186,Recommended,512180,31164123,Posted: 15 April,all,BishieFanatic,"Official release of a game! Ending and Opening song! tons of content! TONS OF CGS TO COLLECT, even memoirs that add extra content to the game that ARE VOICED! Buy this game! Don't pirate it! I want to see more game like this from the genourous companies who bring it over! >_< BUY NIGHTSHADE!The localization is extremely good in this one! The plot is interesting, I at least loved it! The guys are handsome! And it had me hooked from beginning to end with Gek's route! BUY IT!"
76561198105560892,Recommended,512180,31668749,Posted: 10 May,all,haikku,"*~Slight Spoilers~*If you're looking for a decent otome game with some really nice art, would definitely recommend this game. All in all the story is pretty meh. Nothing too outstanding and nothing too out of the box. The art is fantastic though. Great quality all around, no weird poses. They really put a lot of work into the artwork for this VN and it's probably the best aspect of the game (to me at least).I would also like to applaud the animation for the fight sequences. It's nothing extravagant, but just having the characters move around the screen instead of reading blocks and blocks of text was a huge + for me. It was a big help when trying to visualize what was going on.The game kept me interested for at least a few routes. After that the main plot, apart from the romance, was a snooze fest. It's also a bit confusing, because they use different plots and motivations for different routes. It kinda screwed up what I had originally thought was going to be a coherent overarching story. I really hate it when they do this. Because of this there is no real ""correct order"" to play the routes in. Though if you're really wanting to go by some sort of list I'd recommend doing Goemon -> Chojiro -> Hanzo -> Kuroyuki -> Gekkamaru.--Skip here if you don't want spoilers--Now in terms of romance...I had the most beef with Chojiro's route. You spend half of his route pining for him instead of spending time with him. Ugh. He got cucked more than Gekkamaru, and Gekkamaru is the childhood friend archetype. What is this. AUGH, by the time you finally get to be in the same room as him I was already done with his route. Sorry. I did finish it, but nothing in that route could save my interest at that point.Gekkamaru, on the other hand, had a pretty decent route overall. I was surprised cause his archetype usually ends up being the normal one. The control. The one you get out of the way cause everyone else will have a more interesting route. But I found his to be the most balanced route. Good from start to finish. 8/10 would maybe go through again.His brother though...what a doozy. Drama from beginning to end. If you like that whole angsty spice, then you'll love Kuroyuki to bits. Not to say there aren't sweet moments, but I'm not into stockholm syndrome story. It's a big turn-off. He's a cute kid with a sad past, that's all I really have to say about his route.I saved Goemon and Hanzo for last because I love the stoic and playboy types.Goemon was...ok. I was a bit disappointed, guess I expected too much. His was route was far from being bad, I just felt there were a lot of missed opportunities. It's also the ""everyone lives happily ever after"" route so after playing every route where SOMEONE DIES I just...it was way too lighthearted to end with. I regret playing his route last lol.Hanzo, on the other hand, was refreshing. Mainly because the mc doesn't act like a wimpy little girl even though she can obviously fight as a ninja too?? She talks a lot about wanting to prove she isn't a liability in the first few chapters, but she acts like a martyr in 4 out of 5 routes??? Can you tell I was really bothered by it? Cause I was. IT WAS SO NICE to see her stand up to fight instead of standing up to DIE for once. The romance was good. I didn't have any strong thoughts towards it. Oh, and his last cg was the most disappointing CG I have had the privilege to witness in this VN.--End Skip--Some of the translations miss their mark, but what can you do. It's not terrible to the point where things are overlooked, so don't worry too much about it.I'd order the routes (imo):1. Hanzo2. Gekkamaru3. Goemon4. Kuroyuki5. Chojiro1 being the best overall, 5 being the worst overall.This ranking is also influenced by my preferences, so take it with a grain of salt.All in all, I did enjoy Nightshade. It wasn't Bad but it wasn't Great. Would definitely recommend you buy this when it's on sale because its base price of $35 is (imo) too expensive for the amount of content you receive. If you look at how much time I spent playing this game, it's not too excessive. But I can tell you a few hours were me getting up and doing something else or else I would've fallen asleep lol."
,Recommended,512180,31327144,Posted: 23 April,all,Prufrockery,"Really wish I hadn't played Hanzo's route first because it honestly made me reluctant to move on to the other routes.  What I loved the most about his route was the progression of their relationship and their characterizations were reasonably well done. I'm a sucker for the brooding/ workaholic/actions-speak-louder-than-words type of male characters so maybe that's why I loved Hanzo's route as much as I did. Hanzo's role isn't just to be MC's romantic interest but also as a mentor. I thought his treatment of her (In consideration of his age, his occupation, and his initial motivations) was reasonable and it didn't venture into Hanzo deviating into a completely different character in the end just so we can have our fan service.I was very worried that the MC would devolve into a 2 dimensional character whose only purpose is to be the damsel in distress so that the romantic interest can play the knight in shining armor. Obviously, there are some moments when the MC will have to be rescued but the story is developed well enough to where you feel actual anxiety instead of exasperation. She actually uses her ninja skills, fights, and trains so she can be better. Imagine that. I also love me some angst and this one definitely delivered it in spades. The price is so worth it even with just Hanzo. Nevertheless, I soldiered on and tried Chojiro's and Goemon's routes.Didn't mean to fan girl so much over Hanzo, but...uh...yeah. Definitely play his route. You won't regret it.Overall, this game has A+ voice acting, music and art. The supporting characters are pretty good (with the exception of Kasumi specially in Chojiro's route). If I had one bad thing to say about the game, it's that the overarching plot doesn't really change too much regardless of which route you take but I guess it makes up for it by giving you a different dilemma depending on which romantic interest you're with.I definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a good Otome game!"
,Recommended,512180,31214775,Posted: 18 April,all,DarkSerenity,"I don't want to say too much.. What i will insist on is that no matter wich route i took, i ended with an intense feeling of sadness, happiness, satisfaction.This game was made is the most perfect way to grab me by the heart and feel everything as if i had lived it myself. I'm a hardcore otome game player and this one here is one of the best otome games i've ever experienced."
76561198039411720,Recommended,512180,31234548,Posted: 19 April,all,Aslanasadi,"I just finished the first route and I'm absolutely in love with the game already. Great story line, with twists and turns, which kept my emotions in a whirlwind captured. The art, animaton and graphics are stunning imo. As far as I look at it, this game is worth every Euro I spent on it <3"
76561198077739683,Recommended,512180,31201255,Posted: 17 April,all,aurana86,"I had been waiting for this game since I knew they would translate it into English! And it has not disappointed me at all in my expectations.It has a cast of seiyuus unbeatable: Wataru Hatano, Hiro Shimono, Kohsuke Toriumi, Hikaru Midorikawa and Kenjiro Tsuda among others. I really like Enju, the protagonist. She is a girl who shows courage and weakness in the right moments, like any human being and I think that her reactions have been consistent with her personality and her past. The graphics and drawings are impressive and very beautiful, as is the music that accompanies the whole story. The story does not stop surprising you with its twists and drama and, although the romance is not the central axis of everything, it develops naturally and credibly. For now I have only played Gekkamaru's rute, but it was very exciting and I have not been able to stop reading until the end. I will certainly see the other points of view with the other guys, because they all seem interesting to me.If you like otome games, you will not be dissapointed with this one. It is worth every coin you spend on it. I really hope people to support these games and more of them can be translated to English."
76561198041810417,Recommended,512180,31162953,Posted: 15 April,all,Katana,"I really have no idea what to say about this game, but I will try my best.---I like everything medieval so the setting and atmosphere was appealing. I think it did a fair job conveying it.---The sound track throughout the game nicely coincides with the atmosphere. I did not tend to like the opening theme song, but, in hindsight, it works anyway despite it.---The artwork was well done and for once most/all the characters are dressed stylish instead of sad and pathetic (I am especially looking at you Amnesia memories).---Most of the time there is only one dialogue option in each chapter and I personally did not see how one option could change the flow of the story THAT much . The characters do not seem to act much differently and quickly continue on the story without ""seeming"" to have make much change in their behavior or the story (with the exception of the endings). If the floral symbol gains color this is how you know you said the right thing, but the other options are not necessarily bad either.---The MC is generally likeable, but I personally found her flat as a character. I am not sure whether this is because she is the only character unvoiced or (more likely) how most otome MC's tend to go with the flow of the story and just happen to lack character because of it.Enju is kind, caring, and gentle, which are likable traits, but she also a victim most of the time. In every route she depends on others to help her, protect her, and guide her and rarely does the reader see Enju display any other kind of passion outside her default emotion of sorrow. In other times she is simply complacent.  Even when she does decide to stand up and take action she is constantly filled with self-doubt, regret, or believes herself undeserving of any sort of praise. Enju IS the epitome of the victim complexity. I would have liked it if she surprised me with some inner strength and fire within rather than her find it through fluke or with the help of the other characters. It is not bad that the others helped her, but it would help to explain why she is especially special to the other characters other than she is ""kind.""---consistencies was fairly consistent between routes with some minor instances suggesting otherwise. Example:if Gekkamuru is the protector type character he tries to fulfill that role in EVERY route. But ONE flaw between the consistency of character, in my opinion, was Chijaro. His route raised the question of whether why or how these character really love the MC. For some characters it seems obvious. Gekkamuru had been the MC's protector since before she was born and they have been together for a long, long time. Chijaro, also, has been with the MC since she was born. The problem is his reaction towards the MC in his route in comparison to the other routes. Chijaro is a Shinobi that will follow orders no matter what they are. In many of the routes (and this is a big spoiler fyi) he will try to hunt the MC down and take her life. In his route he also attempts to hunt her down when he is given the order, but once he has her in his hands he hesitates, backs down, and realizes he can't do it. The only difference of this change is the fact the MC and Chijaro have a few more interactive conversations, the MC gifts him a handkerchief, and tugs on his sleeve. Would he have killed her in the other routes if the other characters did not attempt to stop him? And just how precarious are his  emotions towards the MC when things like that could sway him from his resolve, but not just simply seeing her again? I found this to be a major flaw and/or simply underdeveloped in his route.---It was interesting to have the characters fight battles. Most of the time you just see flashes of what can only be called as sword slashes across the screen. It would have been cooler, though probably more expensive, to have a short video of the fights. I started thinking of watching anime fight scenes like those from SAO.---I think I generally made all the points I could to nick pick at this game. Just because I did, do not let it completely sway you from this game. I write the bad to give a complete and honest review as unbiased as possible. This being said, it is one of the better Otome games out there on Steam. I have played Amnesia Memories, Ozmafia, and the ones from Cheritz though I didn't like the Cheritz ones (sorry over there) and I feel I have more experience reviewing Otome games now. I suppose I should change my opinion on some of the others, but probably won't since that is how I felt at the time.Nightshade is pretty good and you can tell there was some time and love spent on it. I love everything medieval and the atmosphere felt authentic and the romance (though I hated the sound effect of the kissing...ugh...no thanks, silence please) it was not over the top. (thank god.)Yes I would recommend it to Otome lovers and I believe most will be generally pleased. I guess I should add I am very happy adding this game to my collection. I am not sure if it is my absolute favorite since there are a couple I really like, but I would put it up there. I am not sure which of my favorites is my favorite."
76561198165783469,Recommended,512180,31146023,Posted: 14 April,all,KatlynRe,"Great story (though it pretty much one story told 5 ways)~I love the characters (Hanzo is my daddy)MC isnt terribly annoying which is rare (though I wish she was voiced....)WHY DOESN'T IEYASU TOKUGAWA HAVE A ROUTE?! THERE SHOULD BE RIOTS IN THE STREETS!Better than OZ MAFIA AND AMNISIA (Oh the dissapointment)Was expecting sexy times because of time period and other similar themed otome,but no trash porn for me :(Overall good game~ I do not regret spending the $27.99 of my hard earned mula^^"
76561198076486543,Recommended,512180,33654704,Posted: 19 July,all,L0rang,"Hanzo's route is one of the best written routes I've played through. This game had a story that made me laugh and cry, and the romance in each route felt genuine and varied. Can't really ask for more in an otome game. It's definitely worth it! It's definitely one of my favorite VNs."
,Recommended,512180,32540495,Posted: 18 June,all,ysthian,game with amazing artwork and story
,Recommended,512180,32657487,Posted: 22 June,all,Javanna,This game ruined my life.(Very good character development and art!)
76561198087259785,Recommended,512180,31158697,Posted: 15 April,all,Dami Nam,"I'm not sorry I bought Nightshade because I like the characters and the art, but it's never going to make my 'favourite otome games' list because I did not like the *story* and there was too much sadness for my tastes even in the happy endings (I only played the happy endings for each character, btw...I haven't tried any sad/bad ones)...I like a bit more happiness. Which is why Goemon's route was my favourite and Hanzo's came second, even though I like their looks the least of the five.  The game was pretty good but it didn't manage to capture my imagination very well.  I do think that most otome fans will find it to be a worthwhile addition to their collection, though, and if you really like ninjas, or if you prefer bittersweet endings, you might go totally crazy for this."
76561198373802953,Recommended,512180,32623683,Posted: 21 June,all,Misaki,"D-don't even think of playing this game if you have a weak heart. haa'haa'haa! Goodness I hate drama in the first place but this is too much!! I cried every chapter. Ahh. I regret playing Gekkamaru's route first. The feels! My head hurts from crying too much I dont even know if im typing the right thing. To be honest this only cause me pain, and I feel like the happy ending is not enough to ease the pain from all that happened. But I can't say I regret buying this despite that, cause this is a MASTERPIECE! The plot, effects, the twist of the story, everything! everything is excellet! (except sometimes my name changes from Misaki to Enju. Lol) So, I will still recommend this, BUT! I'm warning you, breath in breath out before playing this. You're lucky if you're reading this cause at least someone warned you unlike me! I was shocked!! Goodness!Haaa. I'm not making any sense anymore, mybe this will happen to you too after playing this ( or I just have a weak heart for drama ).Anyway, what I don't like about this is all five routes have the same storyline, but different characters. What I mean is, a lot of scenes are the same but you will never know when it will change, so its hard to just skip it. But hello? am kind of sick playing the same scenes for five routes you know. I thought at least the story will change. :( thats all.And to tell you the truth I played this after playing Amnesia: Memories, can you believe that? Are these otome games trying to kill me?! But oh well, I chose this. I need to recover, i think I need to play Mystic msgr, 707 silly jokes is all I need right now.But if you think you can manage a lot of heartaches unlike me, then don't hesitate on buying this, as I've said this is a masterpiece. Handsdown to the people behind this.So, I just finished it (except for memoirs) and came to update my review.My favorites in terms of:Routes: Hanzo - His route is the only one who makes me feel contented with the ending.Personality: Hanzo - never mind my reasons above, I just love him that's all. I'm always with the character who doesn't talk much and scary looking. Lol. Oh and Chojiro, i like his personality too.Feels: hhmm. Though i cried and cried every route I can't decide if its Gekkamaru's or Chojiro's route. Gekkamaru is my first route and Chojiro is last so the feels is still fresh but I think its Gekkamaru cause I cried the whole day in his route. Can't even go to work the day after. Lol.Face: Hanzo- no need to explain. second is Goemon, he's so hot! Ugh!Love for the heroine: Kuroyuki. No one can beat him in that aspect, wanna know why? then play his route, you'll see. :D heheheSo that's it.  don't want to play the bad ends, dont care about other cgs and memoirs anymore. I just want happy endings for them in my memories.( oh sorry for my bad grammar, im not fluent )"
,Recommended,512180,31148600,Posted: 14 April,all,Komamari,"Absolutely fantastic! At first I thought the dark themes in the game would be a little much for me, but I was so quickly immersed in the story that I no longer cared! I'm determined to see how each route is and will be sure to play through them all.Honestly, if I could buy it twice I would."
,Recommended,512180,31232800,Posted: 19 April,all,Princess Emmaline,"I'm roughly 7 hours in and just had to report that this visual novel is wonderful. Definitely worth the $$ for the beautiful art, super engaging story and great characters (that voice acting!) As a huge fan of otome games, this is right up there with my favorites and I haven't even finished one route! The story is complex, and I found the political intrigue in some ways more interesting than the love stories, haha. I kept thinking the route would end because many VNs are very short, but this one has layers and layers and layers. You play as the typical main character in these sorts of things (naive, good natured, you know) and the boys each have their little personality quirk... but that's where the similarities to other VNs end. I found this game to be really something new--something I hadnt experienced before. A must buy for VN and otome fans! Off I go to finish my route and begin another... :)"
76561198179183025,Recommended,512180,31215366,Posted: 18 April,all,Hyglemnir,"this visual novel is really good, i am not dissapointed after waiting for so long XDStory is good, music, especially the CG! >_<[SPOILER!]be caution, most of story is really serious. I highly recommended you guys playing Gekkamaru route last, since he is loyal dog :p, nope since his story contain some of story from other routes.Recommended order playing route (my opinion)Chojiro -> Kuroyuki -> Goemon -> Hanzo (the best) -> Gekkamaru.i hope steam can localize other visual novel, especially otome :P"
76561198267484900,Recommended,512180,31237848,Posted: 19 April,all,raven_claw735,"I say that I don't regret shelling out some of my savings just to play this VN, spend a whole day completing Hanzo's route, and doing his route over again until I realized that there are still other routes available to pursue. And then after playing all the good endings, I played Hanzo's route again because I'll never get tired of the slow burn of a romance, the positive character change that happened with Enju, as well as with Hanzo, the drama and the struggle at the near end, and the satisfying ending that came with it. And no, I don't care if he's actuallythe childhood of friend of Enju's mother and old enough to be her dad, because I'd still bang him nonetheless. If this VN will ever have an anime and they're going to use Hanzo's route....Gah, who am I kidding? Gekkamaru is considered to be the main guy here! But still, I'm going to throw my money at the screen just to see this happen.Overall, Nightshade is a pretty solid VN. The MC is not as flat and irritating as I expected in visual novel heroines, the LI's are all interesting (I'm biased towards Hanzo but Kuroyuki and Goemon's story are also good as well) and the side characters have their own quirks as well. I just wish there was an Ieyasu route in this game, something that focuses more on the political intrigue instead of all the routes become ""a runaway ninja"" story.Gekkamaru and Kuroyuki's routes have the biggest twists in the story so better save them for later if you don't want to get spoiled (and possibly depressed throughout your playthrough). What I just don't like with Gekka is that he is just your ever faithful, Captain America-level of perfect, loyal protector from start to finish.His conflict of whether he wanted to be her servant or her lover doesn't really hold my interest because whatever he chooses, he's still latched to her. Ultimately, Gekkamaru's and Chojiro's routes left a bad taste in my mouthnot because of the Hunger Games-esque character deaths, mind youbut because of how the major plot twist turned out which actually deflated the whole conflict which made me say ""Wait, so that's it?"" instead of anticipating what's going to happen next upon the revelation of the surprise.Kuroyuki's route is interesting because you'll see the other side of him. A bit of yandere-ish and stockholm syndrome-ish at the start, but trust me, the will get better further through the story as you see Enju and Kuroyuki's relationship develop into something healthier (with the help of their friends who made them come to their senses).And also, this is the only route where Enju will remain as a shinobi, so that's a plus, I guess?Choujiro's route is a mixture of depressing and WTF?! and I haven't even played his bad ending yet (what's the worst thing that could happen in this route?). But I guess I'm not too interested in him because for me, Hanzo is the only perfect shinobi. <3Goemon's story is the most lighthearted among the five guys and should be done whenever you are feeling heavy after playing the other routes. You'll, of course, know the story behind the ninja-turned-thief but that's just the icing on the cake. The true gem comes from the character interactions in this route. Just a tad disappointed that there's no further ""action"" (if you know what I mean ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ) from our friendly local libertine.The art for this VN is great, although there are still CG's where it seems ""off."" The action scenes are made more exciting by the sprites clashing or through forced perspective between the characters. It's also fun seeing that the MC's sprite also gets included with the other characters in the conversations. It makes the character to be immersed in the story as well.The music may become a hit or miss depending on one's taste in music but there's nothing too jarring that it will distract you from reading. The OP and ED especially makes me want to wish that this VN will get an animation deal someday.So TL;DR,buy this game. It may look pricey but it's worth every cent and every minute you play this. It will lead you to a roller coaster of feelings and its variety of characters and side characters will get you hooked in this story.Now I must go and do another run with Hanzo's story.."
,Recommended,512180,32336309,Posted: 11 June,all,Loli Chibi,"Great Art. Love the plot. Loved every character, must finish every route."
76561198170151549,Recommended,512180,33371187,Posted: 8 July,all,SheWolf,"Amazing game, I enjoyed it so much! Its a well made game - good plot, amazing art and brilliant voice acting. What more could you want?? I TOTALLY recommend this game.. Just buy it already :3"
76561198053277808,Recommended,512180,33465559,Posted: 11 July,all,ur fuckin kidding me,Great game but if you buy it get ready to be bombarded with emotion and also maybe cry.
,Recommended,512180,31142071,Posted: 14 April,all,xXBlackCatXx,I just finished the game and I really enjoyed it!  It was worth every penny! <3I really hope this wasn't the last game of its kind. ^^
76561198349891522,Recommended,512180,31754352,Posted: 14 May,all,Miyu,"I honestly like this game. I already got very excited than I was watching the promotion video and the opening movie to this game. Also because I recognized some names of my favourite seiyuus for example Midorikawa Hikaru and Toriumi Kousuke (I mean I love Diabolik Lovers, what do you expect of me XD)The story is awesome and even though I caught one or more tears at one or more scenes... I already heard that you should not get used to one character... But I did... I got used to all of those precious beings... xCMy favourite of all is probably Kuroyuki... Sorry, but who wouldn't like him? I guess after that I would say Gekkamaru and Goemon. They share place two xDAnd I bought the bundle with the OST because I think the music is really fitting and... to be honest... I love it!Well.... The only minus point is that no one explained the instruction... But now I get it! Thanks to the comments!Characters? 5/5Music? 4/5 only because the opening song of the movie wasn't in the ost xCStory? 4.5/5Voice actors? 5/5!!! They've all done such an awesome job and got me feels ;;"
,Recommended,512180,33865109,Posted: 28 July,all,🌸 Michi 🌸,"Great graphic, story and bgm <3"
,Recommended,512180,31140597,Posted: 14 April,all,Seaniar,"Finally, more otoge on steamreally excited since last year and just had played 2 routes, kuroyuki and hanzothank you so much for bring this title to localizeif you :- love otoge- plus more into seiyuu- no had problems with historical backgroundi recommend this game to play!"
,Recommended,512180,31353738,Posted: 25 April,all,тєнc๏ffєєz๏мвιє,"This is probably the best otome I've played on steam. (though admittedly, I haven't played all of them ever, but you can check my account to see which ones I have). I liked all the guys. All of them. Even the yandere. (and normally I hate Yanderes. Also, normally there's only 1 or 2 dudes I like, and a bunch who are just. /no/) There's awesome side characters. In fact the only disappointing side characters are probably Mitsunari (because I'm very used to his SW incarnation, and this is not it), and the people who work with him (Yodo-dono, and a bunch of dudes who didn't get art).I really like how they did character development across the different routes, the protagonist is adorable, and again, I can't say I dislike any of the guys. Most of the routes made me really sad though. This isn't.. a happy otome. Even if it's a really good one. Def a game to pick up if you want an otome, especially if you like kuuderes (there's 2!), or like the Sengoku period (though you disappoint me Mitsunari. For not being cute enough, and having that old man voice.)"
,Recommended,512180,31362462,Posted: 25 April,all,Miradell,Good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,512180,31141664,Posted: 14 April,all,animesynthesia,Single Player game...HAHA YOU GOT THAT RIGHTTHIS ISTHE ONLYTHINGI NEED*sobs*
,Recommended,512180,33659520,Posted: 19 July,all,Thai,It worths every cent I paid. If it was necessary I'd pay 3x the price. This is a masterpiece.
,Not Recommended,512180,33499192,Posted: 13 July,all,♡ Bunny,"I was pretty excited on getting this game but I was highly disappointed at the same time :(out of like 10+(?) chapters, I was able to count on how many times I got to choose my response on each story line.I was expecting this to be very interactive like mystic messenger but the lines were so limited that I just got so bored and skipped the entire thing.The graphics is beautiful, each of the characters were drawn beautifully. the plot was alright, nothing interesting. Similar to the Otome  ones you pay for on IOS.For the price... i don't think it is worth it, UNLESS you are into visual novels where all you do is read read read read....TLDR; it was my own fault for not looking into the game or reading reviews about it, COULD NOT  HELP BUYING AFTER SEEING ALL THE BISHIESSS THO."
76561198374599094,Recommended,512180,31128354,Posted: 13 April,all,kimchaerin19,"nice story, nice art, worth it for buy this otome game <3"
76561198319059318,Recommended,512180,31652474,Posted: 9 May,all,falexan21,"I was ridiculously excited when I heard Nightshade was being localized on Steam, and after playing through each route I have to say that I would purchase it all over again.- Art is BEAUTIFUL- Music and voice acting is AMAZING- MC actually develops/has a personality in routes- Storylines are great (personally I love angst, so 10/10 would cry through Chojiro's again)- In general, just a really well-made localized otome that's usually hard to come acrossFor anyone who's into historical fiction/romance/angst/ninjas/troubled guys professing undying love....I HIGHLY recommend this game."
,Recommended,512180,31570312,Posted: 5 May,all,Lady Veronica,10/10LOVE!
76561198381848960,Recommended,512180,31666672,Posted: 10 May,all,randomreader,A really good game that demonstrates the struggle of being a shinobi. Enju has to choose between saving her friends and the one she loves or to doom them all.
76561198256127547,Recommended,512180,34412413,Posted: 22 August,all,Nat,"This is one of the best Otome Games I have ever played from all which have been released in english for other than the cellphone. :)I expected nothing and got the best I could get. As others are already stating, art, voices, music and storylines are well made. I had trouble to stop playing because the exciting routes would not give me a moment of breath. I hope that there will be more good Otome games like Nightshade coming in future for the english-speaking community. Pure love <3"
76561198070472742,Recommended,512180,31572572,Posted: 5 May,all,LiQui,"(*´ω｀*) i LOVE the game~ (=ﾟωﾟ)ﾉI'm pretty satisfied with the order of the routes that i started out with and ended the game with.(Kuro, Gekka, Hanzo, Choji, Goro)From a sad start to a happy one. ( if i state the reasons.. its probably gonna end as a spoiler for people wanting to play the game). On the other hand... Ieyasu sama is a mysterious one... i wonder why he trusts MC(Enju) so much. (∩´∀｀)∩I loved the game too coz most of my fave Japanese Seiyuus are in it ( *´艸｀)Overall... i like the story, chars, BGM, OP/ED songs, and everything else. (Everytime i hear the OP song, 1st thing i remember is kuroyuki's mischevous smile) (・´з`・)I play other otome games too, and this one is surely gonna be one of my faves as well~Once u start playing and liking otome games, ur gonna get hooked on it (if ur that type (''◇'')ゞ )I guess thats all i have to say for the game."
76561198062802435,Not Recommended,512180,32634456,Posted: 21 June,all,sita8200,"Played through two routes, story doesn't change all that much between the two. Both ""romances"" lacked heat and believability. Characters & plot were super tropey. Highly recommend you sample this game on a YouTube vid before you buy."
,Recommended,512180,31125556,Posted: 13 April,all,"if your names wen yang, call me",get your tissues ready
,Not Recommended,512180,31568022,Posted: 5 May,all,ßαmßεε,Really wanted to play this game but it always crashed at the menu screen. Tried everything under the sun to get it to work but nothing did. Really disappointed and I hope no one else has this problem.
,Recommended,512180,31109233,Posted: 12 April,all,🎵Kaede🎵,Hiro ShimonoHiro ShimonoHiro ShimonoHiro ShimonoHiro ShimonoHiro ShimonoHiro ShimonoHiro ShimonoHIRO SHIMONO!!!!!!!!!!Also Hikaru Midorikawa
,Recommended,512180,31255009,Posted: 20 April,all,รักมิวสิคนะฮับบบบ,"Story is good...Music is goodbut...wtf with heroine are you ♥♥♥♥ing blind? some whining and keep fighting.almost all otome games.Heroine is likes ♥♥♥♥ing good girl, kind and has autism.good thing that she can depend on men.awwwww that's sweet girl.until all men ♥♥♥♥ing scold you.even her friend call her stupid.luckily she grow some balls on Hanzo route...and other routes are useless.kayra? kyara? or something even has brain more than heroine.8/10 minus point on  Heroine's personality is  too good.too stupid.should die.prefer bad ending."
76561198380406172,Recommended,512180,31117785,Posted: 13 April,all,rtran513,in Nightshade i cant not lunch the gameplease help
76561198085401374,Not Recommended,512180,31547596,Posted: 4 May,all,ChibiAoi,I really like the Game!The game is nice or could be nice if it wasn`t f**** CENSOREDAnd the Job isn`t even good done!...regret buying itI hate YOU STEAM !Sorry i`m just really angry/dissapointed right now :(
,Recommended,512180,31168668,Posted: 15 April,all,hayashi,Probably one of the best otome game I've ever played!Soundtracks are worth buying but I wish it also included the endings for each characters as well.Nothing really bothered me in this game since all the bugs (like the fonts) were fixed immediately.
76561198272399492,Recommended,512180,31191281,Posted: 16 April,all,Icecrystal Moon,"I really liked this game! I would recommend this game to any otome lover. There are a lot of sweet moments, but some of the routes do have some sad bits as well. So, you have been warned!Overall, with what little I have played, it has been a good game so far, just don’t forget to have tissues next to you."
76561198339200469,Recommended,512180,31179365,Posted: 16 April,all,nicopudding,"great game, the heroine is amazing."
,Recommended,512180,31190066,Posted: 16 April,all,Alisaur,"Don't let the price deter you! It's well worth it for the time spent. Please support the english translations of these games so that we may see more!If you're a big otome connoisseur I highly recommend this one. The art is beautiful, all the characters are likable in their own way, the music is great, the voice actors are fantastic, and the female lead isn't completely useless. Very simple to play and achieve desired endings. The stories are plenty long without feeling like it's being drawn out. Endings that might be loose in one story are tied up in another route. All around great game for the avid otome fan. This will be one I revisit time again."
,Recommended,512180,31268886,Posted: 20 April,all,Yunadesu,"Nightshade's theme revolves around Shinobi (ninjas) so there's a lot of angst going on with the main character's beliefs. The characters all have their own redeeming qualities, and charms. Not to mention the artwork for this game is simply beautiful. It's by the same artist for another otome game called Norn9, it has a very refreshing feel. The soundtrack isn't too bad itself, considering it an otome game. Some of my favorite tracks inculde ""Nogarerarenu Sadame"" and ""Kirabiyakanaru Toki"" so I'd say the soundtrack is worth the buy.On another note I think the game goes a bit dry with the different storylines and they all pretty much end up the same. I mean don't get me wrong I enjoyed every one of the routes for each character (especially Hanzo's). Although in the end, they are pretty much all similar with slightly different scenes and conversations. It sorta made me feel like I was repeating the same playthrough.I still enjoyed the game overall though and would definately recommend this to other otome game fans espeically if you like historical themes like Hakuouki (Although its not as heavy)."
76561198305340952,Recommended,512180,31245687,Posted: 19 April,all,MisterNoob,NICE GAME!!
76561198255978106,Recommended,512180,31329913,Posted: 23 April,all,Yashu,"I really enjoyed playing this game! I believe the story is concrete and worth the money so if you haven't bought it I highly recommend trying the game out. Personally my favorite routes were Kuroyuki and Hanzo~even though I say that, all of the routes so far have been really interesting so its hard to choose fav's. Another cool part of the game is that it lets the reader/player sometimes have a change of pov (sorry, hope that makes sense? You'll know what I mean if you play it) to another scene a few times.To put it nice and short, since the other reviews did a fine job in talking about the game, do try out the game I'm sure you will be as addicted as I am! Oh yeah, and I recommend playing it in order ofGoemon → Hanzo → Kuroyuki → Gekkamaru → Chojiro <3Sadly I didn't follow the order but it makes sense if you go from this order since chojiro's route is how to describe it...bittersweet ;w;...Did I mention I'm addicted?"
76561198316149378,Recommended,512180,31331558,Posted: 23 April,all,losing17colors,"I am REALLY in love with this game.. It's hard to put down. The art is beautiful, the music is good and the voice acting is excellent!The first 4 chapters get a little tedious as they are the same for all the routes, but after that the stories are different enough to keep you engaged.Whether you play the good ending or the bad ending the story is sad.. so bring a kleenex.I especially liked Kuroyuki's and Kanzo's route!"
,Recommended,512180,31314795,Posted: 23 April,all,fluffsterr,Love this game. 10/10 would recommend to anyone who enjoys otome games and visual novels. This game has everything anyone could possibly need:-Compelling plot-Grade-A husbandos-Awesome voice acting-Beautiful art-Incest
76561198272963713,Recommended,512180,31354698,Posted: 25 April,all,Whooki91,"This is the first otome I play where I enjoy all the routes and the characters don't disappoint me.Each route was a roller coaster of happiness and angst...especially angst that totally broke my heart.The staff worked really well with this otome: great art style, amazing voice actors, plot that followed shinobi's lifestyle...etc."
76561198339857112,Recommended,512180,31226835,Posted: 18 April,all,stickyandtwiggy,"I ADORE THIS GAME ;3; I was first drawn to it by the beautiful art previews i'd seen, and finally, it came out after a month or so of me anticipating it's release. This is without a doubt my favorite games alongside Hakuoki.-the character routes are loNg, lots of content-the art is gorgeous (and the men HHmMm)-the text is lovely, funny, expressive, and beautifully written-the voice acting is GAHHHHHH SO GOOD-the mc has her cool moments, depending on the route of course, but i actually really liked her ^-^-for the guys, character deVeloPment YO-and the background music is such a nice touch, I'd never really appreciated the background music a ton in a game until now??????? thAT one sAd pianO piece evEry tiMe-For those who prefer their otome games with a twist of tearS and sAdness and a sprinkle of anGst, THIS IS FOR YOU!After playing so many happyhappyhappy ones, this certainly has it's numerous tear jerking scenes and hOW COULD YOU moments. I was shocked. This game by far soared past my expectations and then SO MUCH MORE!!! Definitely worth the price. I've completed 3 routes out of 5 as of now and I'm in looooooooooooooooove ;3;3;3;3;3;3;3;3;3;3;3;This game threw me on an emotional roller coaster and i have nO REGRETS!"
,Recommended,512180,31228689,Posted: 18 April,all,Dracotaka,"This visual novel is quite the rollercoaster but it's worth it all. I enjoyed a lot of the content, the CG, the voice acting, the music, and everything else you can think of. It's a great otome game and I'd recommend it to others."
,Recommended,512180,31229482,Posted: 18 April,all,rubydoe,"First thought, was that the story was surprisingly long. My route didn't have too many swoon moments but the ending with very sweet. Good twists and turns. Worth the buy!"
76561198372824369,Recommended,512180,31244173,Posted: 19 April,all,korinanc,This is one of the best otome games I have read yet.... and I have read a LOT of otome games! Can't wait to see what other games this company brings to us. Will buy in a heartbeat. SO glad that more otome games are coming to the West!
76561198121438933,Recommended,512180,31559355,Posted: 5 May,all,Miss。B,"I was a bit hesitant to buy this considering the price but honestly it was worth every cent. I very rarely feel the need to play several branches in a visual novel because I find I grow bored after I acheive a good ending with my favorite guy (who I choose very quickly based on overall impression and looks). Nightshade is the exception.Each of the charcters has depth which only adds to an already rich story enviroment. I like how this game focuses on character developement as the main shinobi events unfold and have a genuine effect on changing the way the character's behave and think.Not to mention that the art is beautiful and the emotion of the voice actors (I'm rather used to listening to Japanese) really adds to an emersive playing experience.I literally squealed with delight when I got reactions I wasn't quite expecting from a character that I judged initially as drab and uninteresting - this coming from someone who doesn't often feel emotionally attached to character's in 90% of the stories/movies/mangas that I consume.My only criticism is the protaginist, she made me rather livid in one of the branches I played. I honestly dislike female protaginists that remain frozen and uncertain when action is desperately needed. That being said it could still be a good thing because I was invested enough to actually lose my temper.I highly recommend Nightshade. It was more than worth the expense and I will always look back at it fondly when I manage to finish all the branches."
76561198031675511,Recommended,512180,31552333,Posted: 4 May,all,AngryBudgie,"Really beautiful art from the amazing Teita with some really interesting visual effects thrown in to go with your visual story. The battle scenes are really cool. The backgrounds are lovely but after 2-3 routes you will notice the recycled art. For me this did not detract from anything at all. Another fully voiced (minus the heroine) game with some top quality acting from some favorite voice talent. Your ears will thank you for playing. Each voice is really matched perfectly to the characters. The music fit well and I really enjoyed it. I wish I had gotten the OST bundle but I plan to buy the soundtrack anyway later.The story itself is beautiful but often it gets rather tragic. These period warrior pieces tend to be on the sad side more often then not and Nightshade is no different. Saying that, the romance is well done and builds slowly over the course of each story. They did a great job of trying to keep it in the realm of believable. Sometimes I got really frustrated at the heroine's inability to decide if she is shy or not. There was also quite a lot more overlap/repeat in the stories of each route then I would have liked but at that point its just being picky. The story itself is good with a few interesting twists per route.Each route seems to only have 2 ends (good and bad). I wish there would have been more endings and/or more dialogue choices for each one. That could be a matter of preference though. I like when the story makes me feel like I have an impact on it. Otherwise, I really enjoyed it and there was no shortage of swooning thats for sure! Two thumbs up from this player :)  I would not at all mind seeing a part 2 to this one with a continuation of their stories or some sort of epilogue of their happy ever afters.The menu/ui is pretty standard fare for a VN. Skip goes -really- fast but theres some options in the menu to customize that.  Auto mode is nice to sit back and enjoy. Theres also the standard gallery and a memory section to re-play chapters. Nothing to exciting. If you don't set the character name in the extra menu then all memories will default to 'Enju'.  You can also set the menu's character voice in the settings which is a nice little addition.Unrelated to the game itself but a personal gripe of mine... I really wish more companies would release some of the merchandise our way when they localize these titles! Theres so much they put out but its so impossible to find as we often don't get translations at all or until years later and have to scour auction sites."
76561198337440764,Recommended,512180,31545137,Posted: 4 May,all,rita517113799,"The story is very attractive and interesting. I would like to suggest this  game to everyone that loves watching romantic movies or reading romantic novels. It's also better than normal otome games because the story is related to real Japanese history and Ninja. It is good for me to know a lot of Japanese Ninja culture as going through a real Ninja's story, I love almost every character in this game. And I also loves their voices. They are all fantastic. If there is a same kind of otome game like this, I will definitely buy it again,"
,Recommended,512180,31483280,Posted: 1 May,all,MashTomato,"What draws me to this game is the art quality, I didn't read much reviews, but most of them is positive.I played blindly without any guide, somehow ends up in Hanzo's route lol. This is one otome game where the MC doesn't dissapoint you.Storywise, it's good so far, judging from Hanzo's story path, not much plot twist, but enough to get me curious about other character's path. No obvious plot holes, which is good.Stat building wise is pretty simple, I actually achieved a good end without using any guide. it's pretty straightforward.Music is okay, didn't really care much in the first place. Just make sure you set the Voice to be louder than the BGM and SFX. which is what I always do to most otome games settings.Cheers :D"
76561198090303747,Recommended,512180,31499538,Posted: 1 May,all,XxBunnyhopxX,"This Game is totally worth to buy it.  I play lot´s of otomes but these Storys are freaking good. I would say, every Story have a little bit of this ,,Angst Route"" effect. I loved Hanzo´s and Kuroyuki´s Route, last of them has a little bit of fluff mixed in. Every Route is gripping and powerful and the MC isn´t annoying ( this is often the case that make things worse in such games xD). So this ist my personal recommendation."
76561198259736893,Recommended,512180,31402487,Posted: 27 April,all,Fenra,"Great MC, characters and story.Do I need to say more?"
76561198226287820,Recommended,512180,31401828,Posted: 27 April,all,menma,I lovvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvve this game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198380946796,Recommended,512180,31475764,Posted: 30 April,all,MANA,"I like many others thought I was ready--but my heart was ripped out and I had many surprises thrown my way. As well as wonderful and powerful. ""AHA! I KNEW IT!"" moments.All the routes were thoroughly enjoyable, only one of them did I find subpar compared to the rest. Which typically I don't tend to even play all the character routes but this time I wanted to discover each detail of the plot surrounding Enju.Not all the routes intersect each other, but playing each of them you come to understand everything as a whole. Why someone wasn't present at the time, why this character felt this way, etc. etc.It is well worth it to take time to play each of the characters.It was beautiful and heart wrenching story to watch unfold.I also appreciated that many typical controls found in otome games were still present in steam (this is my first steam game!).The designs are beautifulThe plot is well thought out (the story makes you so frustrated for the MC)The MC I think is very realistic, at times she is weak, strong, devastated, driven, etc. A very dynamic character for the tragedy she is in.I love that we have the option to change the language text. So, this will be a wonderful study tool! I wish all my otome games had this option.One downside, for those who do not understand Japanese there is one super cute thing I think the audience will miss out on...After the game, if you complete a route's happy ending, the character's route who you were one will say a brief phrase and it's adorable!! I'm surprised they didn't translate that in anywhere (if they did i missed it, oops).lastly, another feature I love, being able to change the system character voice.Please support and check out this game if you have not already!"
76561198084121995,Recommended,512180,31918352,Posted: 23 May,all,Lilly,"This was a great game!  I'm so happy to have spent the money to purchase this.  The artwork is great and beautiful, and the storylines are strong.  I don't really have an issue with anything within the game.  So happy about this and would love more!"
,Recommended,512180,31923079,Posted: 23 May,all,Kiki,One of the best otome games I have ever played!The story is captivating and kept me interested the whole way (I even stayed up till 6:30 AM finishing Hanzo's route cause I needed to know how it ended)! All of the routes were very interesting unlike some otome games where certain characters had better routes than others. The voices were perfect and well suited for their respective characters. The female MC is one of the more stronger ones (she can hold her own in some routes) whereas some otome games have very weak female leads that can't do anything for themselves.I hope this releases on the Vita so more people can experience it (I've recommended it to a few people and they say they would love to play but can't because they don't have a working PC computer). I would definitely repurchase this if it came out on the Vita and hope there will be spin-offs for this so we can see how the characters progress after the main story!
76561198393257745,Recommended,512180,34726123,Posted: 3 September,all,Shimmer.exe,I loved this game!! It was just the storyline that really shocked me!! I cryed so hard on some parts because it was so sad!! But i really did enjoy the game!
76561198248142662,Recommended,512180,34877446,Posted: 10 September,all,Ashley.dafoe,"So far I really like it, but I have to say it's killing my heart! I got the ""good"" ending for Chojiro and yeah... well... I'm sad.  I hope some of the other playthroughs are more light hearted. Still amazing but I usually like super HEA's. If you like otome games or romantic visual novels you will probably like this. Just prep yourself for some tragedy and heartache. </3"
76561198054969760,Recommended,512180,33721840,Posted: 22 July,all,JetBlackRose,I definitely recommend this game. It has been one of the visual romances that I played through with every character and loved them. Some of them were surprising and those which weren’t surprising had depth that made you like them anyway.
