user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,512600,25328139,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,goka9696,"I meanIt's animeArt is alrightIt teaches you how to cook and overall gives tipsIt has episodes for Western, Japanese, Chinese, and the ""normal"" food aka stuff that is suitable anywhereThe only problem is that translation can be weird  at times but it doesn't ruin the game."
76561198120710146,Recommended,512600,25314998,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Traceon,"Learning to cook with waifus, what more could you ask for in a game. Basically the food only version of Go! Go! Nippon!"
,Recommended,512600,25338357,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,(PK) Abowlofkimchi,Have you seen chef by John Favreau ?
,Recommended,512600,25490360,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Illusion PlayHome,"I've always wanted to cook ever since I watched the likes of Asian Food Channel, Master Chef, Shokugeki no Soma, and all other cooking programs/animes but none of them have lit My trigger to actually start cooking and learning from the Basics because most CookBooks or guides out there in the Internet are not noob-friendly, they assume that You already got the basics down :(But this Gochi-Show game's MC is similiar to Me, near zero experience with cooking so we are actually starting on the same page ^^ I've watched the trailer and I liked it already, I already have a feeling I would hate the chibi kinpatsu and I still kinda hate her even after playing the game lolPros:1. Moe Charas2. Has good storyline and plots but don't expect too much like other Visual Novels, this is just casual3. List of Cookware and Ingredients needed are quite detailed and noob-friendly4. You really start from zero, making rice, egg, etc. So its perfect for those people who are just starting to be interested in cooking5. It is quite cheap, only around $5? The contents provided by the game developer is quite many, I think it should cost around $15 not $56. Seiyuu's Quality is superb, it makes me cringe and melts the heart hahaha XDCons:1. UI is kinda wonky2. Resolution can't be changed apparently, I am using Predator X34 so its kinda weird playing the game on such a small space window3. Translation is ok but there are still some errors though its understandable due to cultural and grammar differences4. Getting Points for Recipe or progress Storyline is a hassle ""Mendokusai"" If You are one of those guys who can't wait at all, I suggest try to spam ""Creamy Chicken Stew"" its 30 Points and it is quite fast (choose the bottom or 3rd option, seems to be the shortest dialogue)I've also found a bug where You can't proceed in a storyline no matter what choices You choose in the Final Cooking Section, if all 3 happen to fail You, You might want to re-start the Episode and DO NOT SKIP TO LESSON.Answer all the choices You were given in a conversation and make sure You got good responses (With Hearts and yorokobi) I think getting stars is fine as well but I'm not sure, just get Hearts/Love response to be sure and when You get into the cooking scene select the most top option ""Delicious"" that should clear You the episode.Reminder: Do not restart and directly skip to the lesson when all 3 options failed You, You must restart and answer the conversations before the cooking lesson else You will be stuck in a loophole because the game remembers your last options and use them again if You skip to Cooking Lesson directly"
76561198069159152,Recommended,512600,30566964,Posted: 17 March,all,wrb41977,"This is an interesting mash-up of a visual novel/dating sim and a cooking trainer. In order to unlock chapters in the story, you have to cook items. You can get around that by quick-clicking in some areas (especially if you are just doing the story, and want to leave the cookbook for later), but it still is fun.There are four sections. An intro section of food that can go anywhere, that after ending that chapter, unlocks three others, which are Western-themed, Japanese cuisine, and Chinese cuisine. The story is sweet in its own right. And the food looks interesting, though I wonder at the availability of some of the ingredients.Still would recommend."
,Recommended,512600,28021460,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bored,Learning to cook in game. It is interesting because the main character has no cookinig experience like me. I can relate and learn along with the story.
,Recommended,512600,30881014,Posted: 1 April,all,SusuKacangSoya (No mic),"Old review (First three great lads who marked this helpful were referring to this):https://docs.google.com/document/d/117HxJL9jaug0POoRkpqshqMn5q8_GX1Tovp4DHkXWHc/edit?usp=sharinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNBMlPF7vEcI've just finished the Satomi route for this game; I consider my playthrough done at this point.TL;DR: its ok, eks deesrsly, this review is too long for almost literally everyone who will notice thisplisThese guys put mirin in everything. I know it's minor and makes things taste better, but they've turned most dishes into an alcoholic one.I don't think I have ever seen Mariko chill. Full time troll. She's like a child at times with her excitement.Momoko is dangerous. I know she's not yandere; stay away anyways.Why is the protagonist the only decent young man in the whole visual novel?There are some rather cringe moments. Fortunately, it's not the kind of thing that I feel completely disconnected from; they're like... the cringe you encounter in daily life. They aren't unusually cringey, at least for me.criFirst, let's address some unsavory parts. This game has quite a collection of translation weaknesses and spelling errors. In my playthrough (Main storyline + Satomi route), I've only gotten one confusing translation, which made me pick the wrong option; the myriad of others were merely mildly distracting, and shouldn't be hard to correct for a native speaker.There's a subtitles button where you can see the subtitles for the other language (English subtitles if you're playing in Japanese, vice versa), but it kinda blocks the middle of the screen. If you're sensitive to keeping an absolutely clear view of what's behind, it might be a bit shoddy of a placement for your tastes. It is still a useful feature, however.Plus, although it's mostly sane, sometimes you have a confusing inconsistency in the length of the English text and the Japanese text. The worst offender is theTempura recipe, where the text box shows a quick English sentence, but Satomi says 2 or 3 entire Japanese sentences. This wouldn't be too bad of a problem, if not for the fact that sometimes you have a Point dialog that comes after all dialogue is complete, which can be easily skipped if you get impatient and click the 'Next slide' button (This is a much bigger problem for me as a YouTuber instead of you guys, though).Adding to the inconsistency is the difference in volume and tone between the episode and the recipe inside of it, as well as the occaisonal seeming voice actor substitution (I might be wrong). And speaking of inconsistency, it's not that the translator is bad. They seem like a native speaker in their presentation and words, but it drops sometimes.Furthermore, there is a rather poor selection of options. You can't change your resolution, nor can you change the volume. This is a bit of a train wreck for recording the game because you get hit by a copyright dispute (monetisation claim) every single episode, unless you mute the entire game, because the music in this game is entirely from the NASH Music Library.Sometimes you find that the sprites for the characters get unsafely scaled up, and they don't have enough resolution, so they look a bit pixelated. Furthermore, the selection of background scenes and characters is literally worse than a free Indie visual novel. It's rather embarassing.Plus, a tiny issue; There's a rounded black bar at the top and bottom of the screen when you're in an episode or recipe, for seemingly no reason.question markThe game introduces two unique features in all the visual novels I've played. To finish an episode, you have to pass the Clear marker. You can progress by picking good choices that favour affinity with the Cooking Club members, recipe included. You can easily afford saying one or two neutral or bad options. However, if you be completely yourself and have the bad luck of picking all bad choices, you'll fail the episode after the recipe and lose all the Gochi Points you used to unlock that episode... which means you have to go repeat recipes to get them again. If you're ever panicking, just say your food is perfect after the recipe; that usually gives a massive boost.And Gochi Points are the other mechanic. They're great for encouraging players to go check out unlocked recipes instead of just spamming the plot and running off, but it's a bit optimistic to expect players to read all of them through, let alone follow through in the cooking.noiceNow that we have all those silly negatives out of the way, let's get into what's good about this game.I like how you aren't block from skipping anything, and this is useful for collecting Gochi Points for unlocking episodes. Many preparation lessons also won't begin unless you say ""Show me how"", so you can easily spare yourself from the repetition. However, it's nice how the different characters occasionally have different ways of doing things, or at least to different recipes. Hearing two different characters recite the same lesson is nice.The subtitles button is a boon for English players if you want to keep track of what they're saying, and/or learn Japanese. Of course, it's the more advanced kind meant for native Japanese speakers, but if you're at that level, give it a shot.But what kept me going in this game is the plot. It's not magnificent, but you do get to see each character have different personalities. You recognise their voices and their signature interjections. You do genuinely feel like you're a part of the plot (although you might have to intentionally remove yourself and see it in third person if you disagree with the protagonist's choice, like eavesdropping in the bath scene). I felt engaged enough to react to what's going on. I laughed at the jokes and occasional roast.And although you couldn't favour anyone in the first storyline, I liked how you could choose your own route towards which club member you like, in complete violation of the club's rule, and it was something I looked forward to when I spotted those routes, locked, while doing the first storyline.Considering that in Satomi's route, you get her as a romantic interest at the end, I'm guessing the other routes have the same. It isn't all part of some connected universe where every route is inconclusive; they are genuinely separate.Also, I saw somewhere that you get to meet Mariko's dad, so try her route out.And of course, the VN is rather good if you're a complete noob in cooking. It has the flaw of not expecting you to screw up massively, but past that, it teaches some new things. I didn't know about buckling and drop lids before playing this (though drop lids are a Japanese thing).Protip if you find the VN too static: Try to imagine the scenes yourself in your mind, like you're reading a book. Let the visual novel just initialise the environment for you. It helped me past the post-cooking conversations that usually were uncomfortable.verdantI got this on a sale. It was worth the money.Out of sale? It's up to you and your wallet. I'm giving a sort of neutral review, considering that it can only closely compete with top tier free VNs. This VN isn't at the level of quality of Nekopara or Hatoful Boyfriend.But if you're warm to the idea, play this. It deserves more players and coverage, and I'd support the developers for their next project. They've already finished the Shoujo version of Gochi-Show.For my standards? 7.5/10, would play again.For everyone's standards? 6/10."
76561198063592608,Recommended,512600,25319770,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Madoka,See you guys in the next iron chef. Me and my waifus will kick all of your butts!!
76561198085653339,Recommended,512600,25354858,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Sneaky Spider with Cider,This is my saddest purchase yet!
,Recommended,512600,28199801,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Awoelkchen,"I have to admit I really love the concepts of Creative Freaks’ games. I really like the idea of playing a game but also improving yourself at the same time. For me, cooking is one of those necessary life skills that everyone needs in their arsenal and because of our busy lives, it’s so much easier to just go out and eat or buy quick frozen meals. Unfortunately, you never really know what companies put into those foods and eating out gets expensive. When you make your own food you are at least 90% sure what you put in it and your body will reflect those good choices.  Working out is only one part of the battle to stay healthy and this game is the perfect complement to Creative Freaks’ other game, Burn Your Fat With Me. For the most part, this is a very well made game and it doesn’t hurt to have good looking eye candy to cheer you on as you learn to cook! I’m really looking forward to seeing other games Creative Freaks will come out with in the future."
76561198063112866,Recommended,512600,25834860,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Futanari Aqua Sama,I've been cooking eggs wrong
76561197976081787,Recommended,512600,25831996,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,mdwbm,"This is definitely a visual novel first and cooking second.The game is broken off into 2 sections. You have the story mode where you learn to make the food and the cook mode where you redo the recipes in order to get points to unlock each section of the storyline.This starts off easy enough where the first section is free and the story you cannot fail at. After a few recipes in you have to make sure you pick the right choices to say to the girls or you will fail the chapter and have to redo it over.  Which means you have to run through all the dialog and lesson all over again in addition to having to pay again to do said section.The good:A good set of things to cookInstructions are explained wellOverall visuals are decentMusic is not anoyingThe Bad:Super repatativeFew recipes give good points (you will use them consistently to unlock things faster)Lots of typosOpen up in a window (Press Alt + Enter to go full screen)Almost no settingsThe initial storyline is a horrible pretext to start cooking but after that, things get better. Although there are some huge plot holes it is a decent VISUAL NOVEL. Not really a bad game but not all that great either."
,Recommended,512600,25485704,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,kraken2341,Cooking with waifus.Pros:Well done instructions for both recipes and cooking lessons.Kawaii charactersArt StyleCons:UI is a bit wonkyGetting to the recipes/lessons is a painTranslation can be weird at times
,Recommended,512600,25443932,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,wallhugger \_/7,"I played the first episode/chapter/part.It feels a lot like a dating sim.pro?Well so far, most of the words from the characters are spoken in Japanese.As far as I can tell they leave very little out.The instructions for the cooking are actually pretty well done. I learned something new.con?It plays like a dating sim, there are no cooking actions that you can do. I was expecting some sort of gaming mechanics when learning to cook an egg. But no, all you get are instructions / ingredients.I recommend this to because I'm giving this game the benefit of the doubt. I've only played 20 minutes so far."
76561198170605491,Recommended,512600,32598977,Posted: 20 June,all,Xelam13,"This game is awesome I actually learned to cook with this.The story goes like this (no spoilers) you are a young man(make your own character) in college, who cannot cook cause reason...the reason is a spoiler so i won´t say anything, one day, you have a prophetic dream(no joking ) if you keep going like you are now your wife will abandon you,she will take the children and you will die slowly and painfuly,kind of.In order to avoid this, after a very enlightening chat with your average perv best friend you will join the college cooking club, will you learn to cook AND get a waifu before your terrible fate arrives?!The story is not as much cliche as you may expect is quite original,so if you like VN and wanna learn to cook then what are ya waiting for?!"
,Recommended,512600,31580303,Posted: 6 May,all,Oppaidaisuke69 ツ,"If the content was ecchi, This would be Shokugeki No Soma (Food Wars)Anyway, if you're a fan of Food Wars, you'll gonna definitely love playing this one.(Note: Moe girls are around, feel free to take them as your waifus) :))Enjoy the game and keep cookin'"
,Recommended,512600,30938975,Posted: 4 April,all,Person 404 the Nebulous,Who put a dating sim in my cookbook?!
76561198043745469,Not Recommended,512600,28655802,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Moe Blob,"I was pretty sold on the concept of this game from the moment I saw that it was a visual novel about cooking that actually walked you through the recipes themselves.But then I got to the end of the first chapter and the game softlocked. It proceeded to softlock every time I went through the chapter in story mode, only really allowing you to make progress by hitting softlocks at the end of every chapter, then closing the game and reopening it, only to play the same recipe again in recipe mode.This game is a great concept, but is so poorly programmed that it can't even avoid softlocking when making progress, so I can't really recommend it to anyone unless they're willing to waste hours of their life working around the game's broken design potentially to have anime girls teach you how to cook in a mess of a game.If there's one thing I can thank this game for, it's for making me learn how the Steam refund system works so I could request my first ever refund of a game. Thanks for that, Gochi-Show."
,Recommended,512600,25501260,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,bean,gimme my tea ♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,512600,33108867,Posted: 1 July,all,Bruh,"Hey guys,Greetings from ya boi, chef Wubby.As a 5 star cullenary chief, I can tell ya now this game is A1 steak sauce my guys. You'll be pulling in some mad Asain pousy in no time if you play this game.Catch me at Buffalo Wild wings Monday-Friday, Asian zing large boneless I dont mess around.Anyway thanks for the great game. I would rate 10/10"
,Not Recommended,512600,29452919,Posted: 23 January,all,[IFN] John Genova [M],SO ive been playing your game for about 10 minutes and already ive made a mess. i cracked aan egg and it exploded everywhere! OUTRAGEOUS! ♥♥♥♥ YOUR FRIED EGGS
,Recommended,512600,25433173,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Tanpopo Kuraishi,"If you're looking for any gameplay other than the usual visual novel stuff, this is not the game for you.There are no minigames to play, like.. let's say Cooking Mama.but as a visual novel it's alright, I guess."
