user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,512790,32609037,Posted: 20 June,all,[CFK] Tender Vittles,"After being disappointed with The Witness, I was eager to play a truly Myst-like puzzle game. I happened upon Quern, which I had not heard of before, and it was exactly what I was looking for.Although the beginning of the game relies too much on finding ""key"" items or solutions to ciphers that will allow you to progress if you can simply figure out where to use them, the real fun is in the creative puzzle machines scattered across the world. These are introduced about a third of the way through, and get more elaborate as the game progresses. At 15 hours (YMMV; about 10% of that time was me wandering around frustrated, which I'd consider smooth sailing for a game like this), Quern was neither long nor short, and kept me wanting more.The graphics are great, although I would have appreciated more environmental variety, and the music provides nice atmosphere. The story is pretty boilerplate--just an excuse to throw puzzles at you, really--but the voice acting is good, which is always a relief.Honestly, though, I don't even need a story--just give me a big brass pipe-organ-looking thing with levers and lights (and no instructions) next to some locked vault-like door, and I'm happy. The bottom line: Quern had enough of those machines, big and small, to keep me interested."
,Recommended,512790,32659870,Posted: 22 June,all,ChaosPatriarch,"Quern is beautifully philosophical, it makes you think about how important is for a Proffesor his own research and what it means to him to trust you with it. In the game you follow Prof. William Maythorn's guidance into an elaborate puzzle inside a world filled with his great discoveries and investigations.  What i like most? It's how he is preparing and training you, like his dear student. Honestly he was like a father figure in some way. He trust you and he teach you what he has learned through letters and his own experiments that you use to solve his own puzzles.Honestly i've never felt so deeply inspired with a game since Life is Strange. Usually puzzle games don't have great stories but QUERN really has an emotional story without using annoying cutscenes and without telling much about it: it's just the game as it is, it has an inmersive soundtrack and when you beat the game it leaves you with a great moral question. Will you earn yourself a place among the greatest of history? It's up to you, if you want so...It even has a community facebook group and the developers actively participate in it! This is so great coming from an indie game! Just BUY IT!!!! Great thinking investment!!"
,Recommended,512790,28112118,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/s0CkeEuVdX8TL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Quern - Undying Thoughts is a fantastic first person exploration adventure completely loaded with puzzles.You have been brought into this unfamiliar place, and you are trapped against your will by an unknown man. He has some purpose for bringing you here, but you have no clue what it is. You are left alone in a beautiful world to explore, as your captor leaves puzzles everywhere to test you. I found the story intriguing, and it’s told through the letters left by your captor to give you some guidance.Gameplay wise, this game is filled to the brim with all sorts of different puzzles. The puzzles make use of everything from numbers, to codes, to hidden messages, to sounds, to using the environment. You don’t have any clear cut objectives, so you need to be observant, and pay attention to all the clues around you. Some of the puzzles I was able to solve quickly, while others were very challenging, and had me searching for clues for hours. At times I felt utterly clueless, only to realize I missed something that should have been so obvious. Perseverance and determination certainly pay off, and this is a game where I never wanted to give up. Although, I did facepalm a few times for having missed a few blatantly obvious things.Overall, I really enjoyed almost all the puzzles, except for the one sound puzzle, and the “Simon Says” puzzle where I actually had to grab a pen because the sequence to remember was 14 digits long! The way you explore the island, and find your way through to open up new areas is satisfying, and I was surprised at how many different parts of the island there were.Pros:puzzles are plentiful, diverse, challenging, and seamlessly crafted throughout the worldexploring and solving puzzles is very satisfying; there are also some secrets to be found for achievementsvery intriguing storysound effects and the voice acting are done wellthe soundtrack is great, and the music changes as you move between the different areas; I found it to be quite soothing, especially while I was struggling to solve some of the puzzlesgraphics are beautiful, and the scenery looks fantasticCons:(nitpick) there is backtracking later on in the game; it wasn’t too bad, but it was a little bit tedious going a long distances to test things out (usually when you mess up or are unsure of what to do)(nitpick) sometimes you'll get caught on the terrain as you run over uneven areas(nitpick) some minor texture popping issues (but it's easy to ignore since you're so focused on the puzzles at hand)(nitpick) while most of the keybindings are customizable, the movement keys are not, and there is only partial controller support right now (most people will be fine with this)The game took me over 17 hours to complete, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. As with the nature of puzzle games though, they lack replay value because once you know how to do the puzzles, there’s not much reason to play it again.Conclusion:Quern is an excellent puzzle exploration game. I was impressed from the start through the finish by the multitude of diverse, and challenging puzzles. This game is a must have for any puzzle-lovers out there.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,512790,28214231,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,cheshire.panther,"I really wish this game have more visibility, hence a review.Quern is a rare breed of the Myst-like games that previously never really managed to match the original. Cian failed spectacularly with Myst 5 / URU / Myst online for the reasons completely unknown to me. Obduction was a very good comback, but let's face it, it was lacking. Puzzles wern't as good, loading time was slow, and the end of the game was quite rushed.I struggled for years trying to find substitution to the Myst / Myst 3 and every single game failed short. (like Schism or Aura).The Witness was probably the closest one I managed to find even despite the storm of negative review of people who did not quite get it. And also The Room.So when I saw Quern, I thought it would be another small budget adventure game inspired by Myst with the couple of puzzles and a few hours of gameplay at best. Nothing special, but given the price I decied to give it a try.Oh my. Boy I was wrong.This game bleew my mind. A game that I was desperately searching for years. This is a top notch quality product of tremendous effort and tremendous love.Let me summarize what I like about it and what makes it good.PROS:* Production quality is terrific. Great mbient music, amazing world design, very soft and atmospheric lighting, small neat particle effects like ocean breeze and sparks of fire, I love it.* Every single puzzle is hinted and telegraphed. This is a signatural Myst approach where game shows you on some small samples or simpler puzzles how world mechanic works.There are a couple of puzzles that don't quite do it right (alchemy lab book and stone wheel for example). As I recall devs are aware of it and plan to slightly adjust  them.* There are no NPC, no inventory combination and no pixel hunting. All puzzles are elegant and very concrete (i.e it is always a mechanic puzzle with a meaningfull way to solve it).At first I was concerned when I noticed inventory, but devs managed to make inventory management really straightforward. There was *never* a time where I had to brutforce items hoping one of them will fit and do somethign useful.* Backtracking is an interesting concept, and it is difficult to explain. Think of it as a metroid crossed with a quest - a lot of areas are not accesible untill you solve some puzzles or unlock certain items, but more importanly some previously solved puzzles can be reused in an interesting and unpredictable way. This is a first myst-like game I'm aware of pulling this trick.* The game is ♥♥♥♥ing HUGE. By huge i mean incredibly huge. I have no idea how did they managed to fit so much content in two years. (I have no idea how they pulled a development of a game of this quality). Think of your average indie quest and double it. Then double it again. I would say it easily matches Myst and Riven, and tops Myst 3 and Obduction.Now some CONS:There is only one game world, and it is mostly done in gray pastel tones, so after 5-6 hours of playing it may start look a bit dull.The game world is well connected and has a lot of shortcuts, but sometimes it is rather tiring to walk around it. I mean, there is so much backtracking that it can be nauseous.There are a couple of puzzles that don't quite well telegraph how you are supposed to solve it.(Also, devs, if you are reading it and planing a sequeel/ addon, please for god's sake don't include sound puzzles. I beg you.)Finally, the story felt very nominal and green sprite narrator did not put the same impression on me like Myst characters.__This is a minor stuff though.Overall this is an amazing game and I love the hell out of it."
76561198044418189,Recommended,512790,33104984,Posted: 1 July,all,lindahlopolis,"I never bother to review games.  This is literally the first game I have ever written a review for, and there's a reason I chose to start with Quern.  The reason is that Quern is that damn good.I am a very experienced puzzle gamer.  A few of my friends and I get together to play through mind-bending puzzle type games, and over the years, we've played through bunches.  We've finished all of the Myst games, The Talos Principle, The Witness, Obduction, and countless others.  Up until this game, our collective favorite was Riven, but now I think we have a new front-runner.Quern features beutifully designed locations, an engaging soundtrack, and a perfect variety of puzzles.  The puzzles are challenging, but they never feel unfair.  The 'A-ha!' moments come frequently and always feel appropriately rewarding.  Numerous puzzles are 're-visited' throughout the game, but seldom in a way that feels derivative or tacked-on.  Every time that a new twist is put on an old puzzle, it feels like a nice throw-back to the original.My friends and I have played for about a dozen hours in total, and still have not completed it, although I suspect we are close...ish.  It's nice to play a game with enough content to keep you engaged for multiple gaming sessions. Really, I can't give this game enough praise.  Get it, play it, and enjoy."
76561198187710435,Recommended,512790,30938177,Posted: 4 April,all,celticcat,"Where do I start.  I am a die hard Myst fan from way back.  I haven't enjoyed an adventure game for well over 7 years.  I have been disappointed with pretty much all the ""adventure"" games I've tried as they are very low level, hidden object style.  I mean they are great games and offer a mindless enjoyment, but sadly not what I was looking for.  I'm old school, I don't like using the in game notes, I prefer to draw my own diagrams and write my own notes.  With Quern I took my time and refused to use a walkthrough.  I can assure you that at times I was tempted but walked away and resisted the urge to do so.  I wrote over 30 pages and drew all the diagrams, I took my time and spent 64 fantastic hours with this game.  When I finally finished it I felt like I had lost a friend.  I had invested so much of my time with Quern and even when I wasn't physically playing, I was thinking about my next step or a possible solution to a puzzle I was stuck on.  I didn't think I would ever find another game that even closely resembled the Myst series but with Quern I found a game that is the best Myst clone I've ever played.  Please make more games like this.  I've tried Obduction and yeah, it's great but it's not the Myst of old.  Quern to me is a winner, and allowed me to relive a gaming experience I never thought would happen again in my gaming lifetime.  I can't thank you enough.  If I could give this game more than 10 stars I would without hesitation."
76561197989724295,Recommended,512790,28059418,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,thefriendlyinsomniac,"Did you play (and enjoy) Myst, Riven, or Obduction?  Do you like games that make you think and don’t hold your hand when it comes to progression?  Do you like taking notes during games or having to remember clues/noteworthy places?  If you answered “yes” to any or all of these questions, thenget this game!Heck, even if you’ve never played Myst or anything like it and don’t know where you stand on puzzle-based games, I’d recommend you try it out.In the time-honored tradition of all adventure/puzzle games, Quern unceremoniously dumps you on a mysterious and seemingly deserted island with no clear way of getting off.  Your only clue is a letter from someone claiming to have trapped you the island for a purpose.  From there, you explore the island, learn more about its (former?) inhabitants, and solve puzzles that range from relatively straightforward to fiendishly difficult.  (NOTE:  That point about taking notes above?  Do that.  A lot of it.  There are codes to decipher, diagrams to read, and information to remember.)The mechanics aside, the game is gorgeous to look at and provides a consistent picture of the mysterious world that you’ll explore throughout Quern’s storyline.  The spot-on visuals are augmented by solid sound design that not only provides atmosphere, but also give the player solid feedback when interacting with objects/puzzles.  This is all wrapped up in a wonderful score that sets the pace and mood for the game: It’s not a game about rushing from one puzzle to the next.  It’s a game about taking your time, noticing the little things, and drawing conclusions from your observations and notes to progress.Overall, I highly recommend the game to anyone who is interested in or might be curious about games like Myst and Obduction.  If you’re still on the fence and/or want to see what the game looks like before purchasing, take a look at the below video where I play through the first ~25-30 minutes.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqFA8TNzg4E"
76561198028004126,Recommended,512790,28299942,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Meowfurion (Marty),"I was skeptical at first.And I was wrong.I can say, without hubris or exaggeration, that this is one of the finest games I have ever played in my 30+ years of gaming.  I am an ENORMOUS fan of The Room series (1,2,3)...and this one leaves them all in the dust. Quern is elegant, beautiful, polished, sophisticated, fun, aristic and surgical. I skipped two Christmas parties just to stay home and play this. I love it that much.  This is precisely the kind of game I like the most in this world. Mystery Puzzle games featuring ancient technology and fantasy meshed together.  The music in this game is nothing short of perfect.  I just sat and listened to the Underwater Tunnel atmospheric music for a half hour, it's that beautiful and fits so well. Voice acting? Top notch. Story? Sublime and engaging? Graphics? 10/10.  Ease of use? 9/10. UI? 10/10.This game was worth $50 but sells for half that. I am going to be gifting it to friends for Christmas.Thank you, Devs. Thank you."
76561198008320655,Recommended,512790,28293956,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Adnamhain,"To understand my excitement for this game you have to understand-when the original Cyan team said they were coming back with a new game in the grand style of myst and Riven, I almost ♥♥♥♥ myself.  the Myst series was a cornerstone in my life as a gamer, and has shaped my tastes in gaming ever since.  When Obduction came out, I bought it instantly and played for days whenever I could.  And while I was happy with the game, it was lacking.  Cyan reached to far with the story line- so many different species and things going on that the solid core of the story seemed much weaker than the intrigue genereated in Myst / Riven.Now we come to Quern.  I've been thinking long while playing how to best describe this game, and all I cacn think of is ""Amazing"".  I can't speak to the intentions of the developers at Zadbox, but what they have created here is a masterpiece in the grand tradition of Myst-likes.  This is what Obduction SHOULD have been.  Lets break it down as best I can without giving up to many of the secrets- this is a game of exploration after all.StoryThe story moves you through a mysterious island world seemingly frozen in time.  The islands previous resident, a 'professor', has brought you here to learn about his work and the secrets this world hold; as well as to help him complete an experiment of unknown scope.We learn the story of Quern in pieces via notes scattered throughout the world. Fantastically rich and well written, and the voice acting is just outstanding- really helps set the atmosphere and progress the story in a meaningful way.PuzzlesThe thing that made Myst, and later Riven so unbelieveably successful was the thoughtfulness and integration of its puzzles.  in this type of game, having a puzzle exist for no reason other than to have a puzzle is game-killing.Quern takes that page from Cyans old playbook, distills it, and creates puzzles so well integrated into the story, landscape, and lore of the world, that they're challenging to even find.I've had so many ""I know EXACTLY how to solve that puzzle... I just can't figure out how to GET TO that puzzle!"" moments I've lost count.And the puzzles themselves, once found, play perfectly off the lore of the world, and are so well designed that they act almost as story-progression devices all by themselves.The AtmoshpereAnd i find myself apologizing to the devlopers-so many comparisons to Cyan when their game is just as noteworthy.  But hell, if you're a fan of Riven, you know how the music, the story, and the graphical design play off each other to create a world that feels almost real.  This game blows them out of the water.  Zadbox has really perfected that art of immersion and brought it all into the world of Quern.conclusionI rarely write reviews, and when I do, they then to just be a short paragraph.  With over 700 games in my library and 7+ years on steam, this is the FIRST game I've felt deserved a brain dump of this length.  This is something that ANY fan of the original Cyan series, and anyone that was slightly dissapointed in Obduction but didnt quite know why should experience.Quern is an absolute 10/10 in every category.  If you have even the slightest interest in this type of game, get it.  It's worth every penny and then some!"
,Recommended,512790,30183673,Posted: 25 February,all,Marked One,"Did you enjoy Myst & Riven? Did you enjoy complex puzzles that require you to sit down and take time to process what the hell is going on with these weird characters and chemicals in front of you? Do you enjoy having a pen and notebook nearby to scribble down notes and clues? If you answered yes to any of these, buy this now. There have been many indie devs who attempt to capture the unique feeling of Myst, but few have ever managed to capture it on the dot like Quern has.The puzzles and the logic behind them require a vast amount of processing. They will have you writing down things, expirementing like a child seeing something for the first time trying to figure out how things work. These aren't a bunch of random hard puzzles thrown together in a hastly manner. These puzzles took time and effort and affect the entire world around you each time you beat a puzzle is one of the most gratifying sensations I have had in gaming for quite some time. That feeling of being watched all the time is also in the game, which makes the game feel almost spooky, without actually feeling spooky.The graphics & visuals are striking and unique in a very good way. Many developers have tried to make a unique looking world but end up with stereotypes that just make the world feel bland. In this game, the world feels very unique, buildings have a never before seen look to them, while throwing in some buildings that give it a Myst/Riven feel. The look and feel of the world just feels perfect yet unsettling all at the same time. I would personally recommend this higher than Obduction (Cyan studios new game), it feels like the original 2 games in the Cyan series, but managed to do it in such a unique way. It honestly feels like playing something Cyan Studios made back in 1998, but with a real game engine. This is a great game and should be ranked one of the highest in the puzzle solving genre. I am curious to follow the developers for their next enteries.Just a warning, for those of us who have issues with Audio Tones, there is a puzzle that requires this in game."
76561197994694710,Recommended,512790,28905873,Posted: 1 January,all,Buck Waffle,"Where can I start...Over the past year I've came across 4 great puzzle games that have kept me begging for more, The Witness, Anitchamber, Obduction, and now Quern. For me The Witness blew my mind and I caught the bug for puzzle games again. I couldn't remember playing a puzzle game that great since the days of playing Myst.Then Quern came along, and after having just played Obduction (spiritual successor to Myst) I realised just how lacking Obduction was when compared to Myst. Quern in my eyes is the true spiritual successor to Myst.The type of game I enjoy is certainly a game that makes me take notes without holding my hand at all, and currently I'm sat here with an A4 piece of paper covered with notes from the past few days. I'll admit there were a couple of occasions where I was stumped, but for me that just feeds my curiosity and motivates me to figure it out. It made me question certain solutions that I thought would be a stab in the dark, to the point where my mind was repeating ""Clever girl"".It's content is not only huge for the price but the amount, quality, and variety of puzzles in Quern is astonishing, and the story unravels to a great finish. And to top it all off, the presentation of the game is simply beautiful.I can't wait to see where Zadbox goes next."
,Recommended,512790,28770750,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Nelson,"Best Myst-like puzzle game from the last few years in my opinion. Most of the challenges were very reasonable, and I really like the color palette - the environment is low contrast with color given to important objects which is much easier to look at for longer periods than Obduction was. The ""binary moral choice"" at the end was also harder to decide than many games."
,Recommended,512790,28463609,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Jinxology,"I'm surprised that this game has only 49 reviews. It is a massive undertaking, it just never ends. Great story, great layout, interesting art, and soooo many puzzles. I honestly think that it was too hard (hard to go into why without spoilers), but the puzzles on their own were really innovative, balanced and fun. I loved this game and I highly recommend it. I can't wait to play the next game that this great team makes. Nice work guys!"
,Recommended,512790,34895180,Posted: 11 September,all,a gigglepuss!,"Way too many references to Myst in the comments. You want a review without any nostalgia for puzzle games of old? Here you go: Quern is freaking awesome.The island is gorgeous and huge, but it never feels overwhelming. The game does a great job at subtly directing you towards your next objective. The puzzles totally hit the sweet spot for me. Great mix of object interaction puzzles, clue deciphering, and good old fashioned logic. The puzzle difficulty will no doubt have you leaning back in your chair, arms folded, for a nice think quite often, but there are almost no instances where you'll think to yourself ""that puzzle was unfair"". Each puzzle is also elegantly designed and will have you bursting with glee at every ""ah-ha!"" moment.One aspect of the game I did not expect to be drawn into was the plot. Quern is a very unnatural place where its inhabitants don't age or require nourishment, and to them, time outside is frozen. The location sets up many interesting questions about the importance of mortality and the corruptability of man, in addition to being the source of friction between two interesting characters, both steadfast in their beliefs but neither with the clear moral high ground.This isn't just a game for Myst lovers. This is a fantastic play for anyone who can appreciate a quiet moment, amidst some very pretty scenery with the waves crashing gently in the background, to get the ol' brain working and figure through some sweet puzzles."
76561198030643730,Recommended,512790,32179692,Posted: 4 June,all,stafous,"An amazing game !!! Unbelievable atmosphere , graphics , narration , music and incredible puzzles so well built in the world that really get you stucked in the game's  world . A must have for any Myst/Riven lover... Don't miss this real diamond..."
,Recommended,512790,28132085,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,WITIDE,"AbstractThis game was of immediate interest to me when I saw the trailer video. I've been a huge fan of the Myst franchise (Myst, Riven, Uru, etc.) for my whole life, and this appeared to be a love-letter to those games. It absolutely is.If you enjoyed any of the Myst games, this is of immediate interest to you. If you haven't tried the Myst games, I'll try and break down the magic behind these types of experiences for you. There are no enemies to fight, no platforms to fall off of, and no danger. The driving force behind continuing to play these types of games is to understand a beautifully crafted and complex world, and to lose yourself in the environment and the intrigue it generates. It will tease you with mysterious machinations, and reward you by letting you activate them and see everything spin into action according to your design.SynopsisMuch like the Myst games, Quern will start by dropping you off unceremoniously on the porch of a completely foreign world before it drives away. The first things you see when your eyes open in this world is a small table with an envelope upon it, carefully placed and sealed with wax. The insignia of the seal is a ""W"", which you will promptly learn is the mark of the enclosed letter's author. In this letter, the author introduces you to your task and frees you to explore his world.The author of these letters allegedly requires you to undertake a task of great importance. But before he can let you do so, he wants to ensure that you understand everything he's learned while spending time in this world. To this end, he has locked the task away, beneath locks that can only be opened by demonstrating understanding of the mechanics of the world.In order to complete your objective, you must follow the author's footsteps in understanding this world and understanding why he considers your task to be absolutely essential. Whether you agree with his ideas, however, is entirely up to you.DifficultyQuern is not an exceptionally difficult game, but it will not hold your hand. It will not give you a hint if it thinks you're stuck. You will always have all of the tools you need to complete your objective. You are never required to look up an answer online. You are never required to brute-force a puzzle's solution. If you are confident that you are where you should be, and you are confident you have found all the things you can, but you still find yourself stuck... then there is something you have overlooked. An item that can be used, a secret left locked after you obtained a new tool, or simply an incorrect assumption on how a device operates. These are all things that happened to me while I played this game.Because it was newly released, a part of me worried that I had encountered a bug of some kind whenever I found myself stuck and unable to progress. I was confident I had encountered this at one point, actually... but I found later that I had left a key part of a puzzle on a scale in a hut. A foolish error that I didn't make again!Puzzle Quality & VarietyThe variety and quality of puzzles in Quern is wonderful. The developers have clearly put a lot of attention into designing a game with varied interactions. Sometimes, some great exploration and puzzling games can get ruined (in my opinion) by the presence of only one or two types of puzzles repeated throughout the game with minor variations. It detracts from the intrigue, it eliminates the curiosity of what challenge could be coming next. Quern does not fall victim to this phenomena.Apart from a few staple actions that allow you to identify interactable elements and points of later progression, practically every puzzle you encounter while exploring Quern will be unique in some manner. While there are instances of forcing you to explore the implications of a mechanic before being tested on it, the tests always introduce a new element to challenge your understanding of the basic operation of the game mechanic.These puzzles are themed by simplified versions of electricity, biology, chemistry, and mechanics. Few puzzles felt out-of-place in the world, they all seemed to be integrated with the environment and the story as it unfolds.EnvironmentsThe environment quality is astounding. I couldn't play the game on the highest settings, sadly, but even despite that I found it stunning. Even most of the 'plain' exterior areas were, in some manner, magnificently designed. Some of the unique interiors and other novel environments were stunning. If you like seeing beautiful scenery, this game rewards you for each solved puzzle with a new sight.StoryI must imagine it's very difficult to write a compelling story for a game primarily based around puzzles being solved. I find it difficult to come up with scenarios in which puzzles must be solved before operating simple devices in an environment. In a lot of cases, itcanend up being kind of ridiculous. If you've played any of the Professor Layton games, you might know what I mean... puzzling becomes a crazy obstacle to the otherwise simple actions a normal person would perform.Fortunately, Quern handled this well. Any way you slice it, it's difficult to imagine a scenario in which you're being so aggressively challenged by performing the day-to-day operations in an environment... so Quern decided to frame it in the context of you being forced to understand the significance and potential applications for the machinations found in the world. It does this to prepare you for a decision you must make, about your role in the story and your beliefs in the nature of man.It's for this reason that, despite Myst and Riven being legendary in my mind, I might actually place Quern above it for the purposes of this review intended for others. The Myst series had depth and complexity in their story that I love, but there were many instances of ""puzzles for puzzle's sake"" in their worlds. Meanwhile, Quern seeks to provide a reason for the insane complication seen in the environments, and I think it succeeds well.I can't yet speak to replayability. I'd like to go through it again to make different choices and to get some achievements I missed, at least. I don't know if some puzzles are randomly generated, yet. I can tell, however, that knowing the way to solve the puzzles won't necessarily make it any easier. Some things in Quern require careful thought before action, regardless of how well you understand the mechanisms at play.Technical Quality & PerformanceTechnically, Quern is outstanding. I experienced only one instance of an obvious malfunction, and it wasn't even technically in the game: Upon completing the game and viewing the credits, it returned me to the menu with no mouse cursor. I had to alt-tab out and back in before it would show. The developer seems active on the game's Community Hub, and seems to have already confirmed that they're aware of the issue, so I doubt it will persist for long.Performance-wise, I can't really speak to. I don't have a conventional gaming set-up, so I would not feel qualified to indicate that the performance is above- or below-par. I could not run the game at maximum settings, but it seemed to run fine as I dropped the draw distance and SSAO down. It's my understanding that this game was made in the Unity game engine, which might introduce some performance overhead. In the end, though, I can clearly state that poor performance could never ruin this game.ConclusionIf you enjoyed similar games (Myst, Riven, Uru, etc.) or if you enjoy solid puzzles and great environments, Ihighlyrecommend this experience to others. I see a lot of love and care put into this game, its world, and the puzzles within. This love and care clearly resulted in a great game and an awesome experience, and I'm really glad to have played it. Thank you!"
76561198055643177,Recommended,512790,28717656,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,old_guy,"I'm an older guy, slower reflexes, so thoughtful games are better for me than FPS.  This is simply the most brilliant game I've played in decades.  I found out about it on a reddit thread about Obduction.   I hitnk this is a better game tha Obduction, which I truly enjoyed.    Some other games like the Talos Principle, Witness and etc are fairly one-dimensional in the style of puzzles.  Quern has a wide variety of puzzles, from ciphers to math, to making chemical formulas, audio, gardening, lights, languages and number systems, etc.  And the levels and locations keep on going and becoming more complex.  While it is a linear game, you have to reuse certain kinds of things at various times in new ways, which is pretty cool.  And there are save slots as well as auto-save.I had NO issues with lag or glitches. (AMD 6 core) Radeon GPU.The ONLY  thing I fault the game on is that it was not obvious to me that you could inspect AND MANIPULATE items in your inventory.  Turns out the ability to manipulate some objects is crucial to advancing in the game. Had to view a walk through to get that vital piece of info."
,Recommended,512790,34671167,Posted: 1 September,all,Kellogs`,"How did I not hear about this game until now?I'm only a little bit through this game, but I'll definitely be finishing the whole game and playing every last bit of content.I just feel the need to write a review ASAP because for some reason this game slipped past everybody's radar.If you liked The Witness, Myst, Obduction, The Room, etc., you should play this game. I don't really think there is any question about it. Quern is a first-person puzzle game and it is very well done."
76561197972306322,Recommended,512790,33137493,Posted: 2 July,all,spencerevil,"If you liked the Myst series, then you will almost certainly like this game.It's a combination of an immersive breathtaking environment and entertainig puzzles."
,Recommended,512790,32906902,Posted: 27 June,all,CAPGuy,"Absolutely beautiful game.  Brought me right back to Riven, what with the housing aesthetics, puzzle themes, music; everything.  I'm hoping they come out with another game like it."
76561198063585912,Recommended,512790,31051392,Posted: 9 April,all,Shock and Horror,"Your turn Cyan, because you have been bested"
76561198113365778,Recommended,512790,30208692,Posted: 26 February,all,EnjoyingZero,"I honestly cant say enough good things about this game. Coming from a long history with puzzle game (be it point and click mechanics or a more open world mechanic such as this) this game excels in every area. Great soundtrack, great puzzles, great atmosphere, and a storyline which gets you involed. If you are looking for a puzzle game after playing titles such as Myst, Obduction, Eyes of Ara or the underrated Nancy Drew series by HER interactive, then this is the game for you. Well worth your money. I cant wait to see what else this developer puts out."
,Recommended,512790,33120989,Posted: 2 July,all,Hyphen-ated,"Pretty decent mystlike. Many puzzles are a bit boring and straightforward, some are a bit too tedious, and none are as hard as I would like, but overall if you loved Myst and Riven and want more games in the same vein, it's worth playing"
,Recommended,512790,29249746,Posted: 14 January,all,cakerins,"I've played many immersive puzzle games; Cyan's Myst series by far is the standard to which many are held if you want a puzzle game that uses puzzles that are part of the game environment.  Hands down, this is by far the best tribute to Myst if that is what you are seeking.  The graphics are beautiful.  The puzzles are not overbearingly difficult. The story line is superb and draws you deeper and deeper into the game.  If you just finished playing Obduction, then this is definitely the next game for you."
,Recommended,512790,29588018,Posted: 30 January,all,VolkmasterBlood,"If you liked Myst, Riven, Exile, or any of the other games in that series, you'll like Quern.Quern has an excellent story with many well rounded and connected puzzles.  I was absolutely confused at some parts of the game only to suddenly remember something and then everything would *click* in my mind.  I enjoyed the story and quenched my puzzle game thirst.  I'd put it on the same level as Talos Principle with less philosophy and more different types of puzzles.It was also a gift from my brother, and I really enjoyed this one.  Thanks, bro."
76561198066674133,Recommended,512790,31533111,Posted: 3 May,all,Bobba,"This is a classic. Having played pretty much all of the adventure/ puzzle type games, I can honestly say this is the best I've ever played. Little to no repetition, and some of the puzzles are really quite elegant. Some of them aren't easy, and you may end up a little frustrated at times, but when you do solve a difficult puzzle it is all the more rewarding. 10/10 for design, 10/10 atmosphere. One tip- don't use walkthroughs for this. There's no rush, take it in your own time and fully explore this wonderful game"
,Recommended,512790,33090893,Posted: 1 July,all,Ananace,"Quite the beautiful puzzler, and with a nice - albeit simple and a bit cliché - story. Art and audio is both done excellently, making it not just look good but with sounds that really fit into place where they should.The sketchbook was a nice method for doing in-game note taking, and the fact that none of the menus pauses the game actually makes it feel like a much smoother experience.Most of the puzzles were nice and straightforward once you had the necessary information and items, but there were one or two that felt a bit off. In one case the environmental clues weren't pronounced enough that I managed to completely miss them and ended up - half an hour later - having to dig out a guide just to realize that they were there.I will say though, the third stage of that ""simon says"" puzzle in the mechanics was mean.Pros:+ Great environment art.+ Amazing sound design.+ Lots of good and varied ambient music.+ Plenty of well designed puzzles, which manage to reuse mechanics beautifully while still remaining new and exciting.Cons:- Playing with a controller feels clunky; several actions map to the same buttons, walking animations don't account for movement speed, and menus can't really be navigated.- Only a single autosave slot, and with non-atomic saves. (Saving to a new file and renaming, instead of in-place overwriting the old save.) Made me lose close to two hours of progress when my computer BSODed just as I got to an autosave point."
76561197970872996,Recommended,512790,31405720,Posted: 27 April,all,MeatyOgre,"I purchased this game on a whim and it is truly a gem. Myst has remained the golden standard for adventure games for many, many years but it may have some real competition with Quern. The story is actually quite good and the voice acting is superb. The graphics are stunning and the accompanying soundtrack adds to the overall experience. I was not expecting to spend a lot of time with this game but just when I thought I was nearing the end, a new area and puzzles revealed themselves. The puzzles were intuitive and I found that just by careful observation, they could be completed without too much issue. That's not to say they were too easy, however. A few of them were ""gimmes"" but I was vexed by a couple of them. I just completed it and can't say enough nice things about this game. I will absolutely recommend this for anyone even remotely interested in adventure gaming. For veterans of the genre, this is a must-have, without a doubt.I honestly can't think of any real ""cons"" to this game and I'm truly trying to be critical. Sometimes, a game is released and it's just great, plain and simple. Even if I could pick this apart, I wouldn't. I enjoyed it way too much."
,Recommended,512790,28297133,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Goober,"Quern is hands-down the best puzzle game I've ever played, period. The expansive, immersive environments that Zadbox have created are nothing short of beautiful and the balance between gameplay (puzzles) and storyline is just perfect.The game definitely had some sections that had me stumped for some time, but never once made me want to stop playing. Thankfully, a number of dedicated fans have made guides (both text and video) that should help out anyone who might get frustrated with a section.If you like a game with amazing environments, fantastic storytelling, and very well thought out puzzles that are interesting yet challenging, you owe it to yourself to play this game.Congratulations to Zadbox for making such an amazing game - and for selling it at a very reasonable price. I eagerly look forward to any other projects you folks work on in the future."
76561198012652528,Recommended,512790,28012070,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,WalkthroughGeek,"Great game! Puzzles are challenging, enviroments are beautiful and the feel of the game is just right.If you like tough puzzles, you'll love it and should consider picking this one up."
,Recommended,512790,28386291,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,HelixR,"An absolutely stunning game with awesome developers. The puzzles are of high quality, the gameplay time is quite big and very challenging. The story builds up to a climax which was kind of obvious, but that still makes this game a must play if you enjoy games like Myst. Very, very good game."
,Recommended,512790,34585062,Posted: 29 August,all,Armada,"Listen, let me tell you about all the times I felt like a complete idiot for forgetting something simple, and let me tell you how much I loved it every time it happened. This game is like Myst but more fun and with less confusing controls and puzzles that don't require mind-reading. I need like twelve more just like this.Also both of these self-absorbed idiots are wrong and their reasons are bad. Fight me."
76561198028006567,Recommended,512790,29950955,Posted: 15 February,all,Phydro,"Fans of puzzle games have learned to be wary. There have been plenty of pop-up studios that tried to copy Myst’s formula, since on the surface, it seems like it should be pretty easy to make that kind of game. What they end up producing are glitchy pixel-hunters whose puzzles have the logic of a concussed, rabid badger, and stories that would embarrass grade-schoolers. And we’ve all probably been burnt by one of these offerings, sooner or later.Quern – Undying Thoughts is not one of those games. On the contrary, this is probably the best puzzle game to appear in perhaps a decade, and it easily ranks among top-tier classics such as Myst and Riven. It gave me almost everything I’ve been desperate for in a puzzle game since the genre faded to a niche.I have to start out by noting that, from a simple gameplay standpoint, it runs and looks fantastic. This is a modern, fully-navigable, three-dimensional world, and it feels perfectly seamless. For a debut release of a small developer team, the assembly of this world shows astounding game development mastery. I would swear that this game was built by a team maybe three times as large with decades of titles under their belts. Bravo!The story, I will rate as “above average.” It is leaps and bounds beyond some of the slapshod efforts I’ve seen put together to try to justify a puzzle game’s existence, and even taken by itself, it’s satisfactory. It’s aware of what it is and the job it has to do. This makes it a little obvious that it was crafted to justify the world it’s set in, but it does it very cleverly. There are sprinklings of science fiction and high fantasy both, just enough to give you an idea of what this world is and a larger universe it belongs in (the latter of which was something Myst and Riven never quite accomplished gracefully). There’s even a touch of philosophy.(Very mild spoilers in discussing the end)There are multiple endings, yet I actually feel you can choose any ending in accordance with how you feel the game has guided you. There’s not really a heavy-handed moral judgment of one ending over another. I at least don’t believe there’s the infamous “bad” ending at all. Whether the subtlety of that was intentional or not, I loved it.The music is excellent. I won’t deny, I own the soundtracks for Myst, Riven, and Scratches, another excellent gem from the days of point-and-click. The ambient masterpieces Robyn Miller and Cellar of Rats composed for those games remain without equal. So it’s probably wise that the music in this game doesn’t really sound like anything Robyn Miller wrote. It’s distinctive, provides great atmosphere, and while it was slightly intrusive on the more lively tracks, I really do mean only slightly. Music, to me, makes or breaks these games, and Quern succeeded here as well.Yet where Quern truly shines is its puzzles. That’s what we’re really here for, isn’t it? And this game is worth buying just to study these puzzles alone. This, I assert, is how puzzle games should be done. I don’t know how the developers composed such perfect puzzles in a debut release, but the experience and devotion they brought shines through like the sun.In most puzzle games, the player is presented with a puzzle. It can be anything, and it can be built well or not. But once it’s solved, it’s over. The player leaves the area, and the object or room is never important again. Top-tier puzzle games like Riven—and Quern—build incredible, layered complexity into everything they use. It’s how they put such incredible experiences into such small spaces. Quern’s puzzles start simple, and environmental clues will guide players into solving more and more complex riddles, training them what to watch for and how to even anticipate the game. Then, the player will find a new item, and suddenly that same room, that same tool, will do something entirely different. There were rooms in the game that were visited again and again because a new item unlocked a new level of complexity and used the room in an entirely different way. When puzzles guide players and build this complexity, it gives players a satisfaction in success unlike almost anything else, and Quern does it with astonishing perfection.This was actually an issue I had with Obduction. Yes, the game that was the modern brainchild of the makers of Myst itself, and their reintroduction to modern games. It’s hard to know what went wrong, but the puzzles in Obduction were almost always absurdly simplistic, fixated on finding a hidden key to get behind a door or spinning a room until a hall lined up. Yes, getting into new rooms is kind of what all puzzle games are about, but the good ones like Quern, Riven, and Scratches obfuscate it behind story and a variety of puzzles beyond finding a key or code written down somewhere. Quern has puzzles involving light, mechanics, math, sound, logic, language, music, to name just the ones I can remember. The variety is unbelievable, and it’s what made every step of this game feel like discovery from beginning to end.It’s hard for me to guess how satisfying the difficulty will be for everyone. I was able to get through in about 15 hours. Others report 25, some as low as 8. In any event, though, for the current price of $25? Worth every cent. This game would have been a must-own back in the heyday of adventure games, and it’s a steal at that price right now.It’s earned my highest recommendation, and I have the utmost hope that the development team will make a few more of these marvels. I know I’ll be ready to buy from them if they do."
,Recommended,512790,34379209,Posted: 20 August,all,Kaese,"Surprisingly better than original Myst. I was thinking ""thats clever"" on alot of things."
,Not Recommended,512790,28622715,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,brisingre,"Quern has some decent moments, but not many.It's basically pretty solid. There aren't any bugged puzzles, the game's internal logic makes sense most of the time, the environments look good.More than half of the puzzles are some variation on carrying a key to a lock, or entering a code on a pad. Most of the rest are also pretty stale, you do pipe puzzles and lights out puzzles, you follow recipes. There are also a handful of puzzles where you rotate things two at a time and try to line them up, which I found a little more interesting.You have to trek back and forth across the island a bunch of times over the course of the game, which gives the appearance of a more open game, like Obduction or The Witness, but Quern is very, very linear. There's usually only one puzzle at a time that you're equipped to complete. Occasionally you're given two that you can do in either order before progressing, and sometimes you're allowed to fiddle with something later on the path that is missing some part or needs a code you'll be given later on.The story's not great at the start of the game, but it stays out of your way. The pages you pick up don't stop you moving or interacting with the world, you can skip the audio if you want to. In the second half of the game, you are frequently interrupted by a green particle effect that locks your camera to face it and then bobs around for minutes explaining the game's still-not-great backstory at great length. These are unskippable, and very annoying.Artistically it's almost really good, but it's let down by a few small things. There are serious problems with shadow flickering (probably caused by the pixel light limit, if I had to guess,) and the post-processing's too much for my taste. The above-water parts of the island are almost greyscale, with bloom so intense that the whole sky turns white if you look anywhere near the sun. There's places where the end of the draw distance is visible even with it set to max. All of this could be fixed if the graphics settings were a little better, probably, but as-is you're stuck with them.It's a shame because the developers hearts are clearly in the right place. They set out to make a Myst-style adventure with a very small team, and in many important respects they pretty much did it. It's a huge accomplishment. But the puzzle design just isn't there, and unfortunately the whole thing falls apart without that."
76561198053135880,Recommended,512790,32704169,Posted: 23 June,all,Smoochie,If you like Myst you will love this!
76561198081849210,Recommended,512790,28129518,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,spencer.hargiss,"I did not back the kickstarter to Quern, and in fact had not even heard of the game until the day it was released, at which point I bought it without hesitation. After Obduction came out with no Mac compatibility, I had been hungering for a Myst-style game to play. I am eight hours into Quern, and have not yet finished, and already I can say that it is a must-play for fans of Myst and Riven."
,Recommended,512790,28290856,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Devilin Pixy,"If you like a wonderful designed world full of interesting puzzles with a good story unfolding, similar to the great classics like Myst and its sequels, you will certainly love this game.Controls are simple, with the UI being clear and well implemented. Worth to mention is the possibility to easily make notes. The puzzles are smart, well executed, and logical, ranging in difficulty, but always fair and certainly doable. Progress is quite linear but very satisfying and fits the story well. The voice acting is great, unfolding the story towards the end without having to actually read. The music is wonderful and accompanies the game very well. Plenty of different interesting puzzles to solve to reach new and varying areas, resulting in satisfying, well worth game-time (±15 hours).The developers have done a great job, not just at wonderful graphics and soundscape in a beautiful fictional world. The clues given are clear and the tools provided are very useful. The world was built in a very smart way, giving or restricting access where needed or wished for. Very well executed to give direction to the player, avoiding backtracking or long repetitive walks.On a final note and certainly no biggie, the only downside that really comes to my mind is replayability value. Due to the linearity of the story and the choice being at the very end of the game, both possible endings are easily accomplished due to the - although useful - (auto-)save feature. I would have loved to see the story hinting at a choice to make at some point in the game, followed by different game-play depending on the chosen path to eventually come to a climactic ending. In comparison, although the ending in Quern did not feel rushed like it did in Obduction, I felt similarly disappointed. The only reason to replay the game would be to get all possible achievements.All in all a wonderful game I truly enjoyed. Hoping to see more in the future."
76561198216463757,Recommended,512790,28295758,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Aghja,"Move along, there's everything to see!Game compatible with French, Linux and a medium graphics card, Yes!It is the first ""Myst Like"" perfect, coherent, without too difficult puzzles, but enough complex to captivate me during forty hours of play.It's a masterpiece!"
76561198257581977,Recommended,512790,30837903,Posted: 30 March,all,quinn,"If you like first person puzzle games buy this.I especially recommend this game if you're looking for something to play with a partner, there is plenty of quiet time to talk about the puzzles and the mysteries of the Lore.It feels as modern as it does nostalgic.I hate to make the obvious and popular comparison to Myst because this game is original enough to stand on it's own merits but I love this game for the same reason I love the Myst series. This game is better than Myst 1 and it's A LOT better than Myst 5. Quern makes great use of modern technology to enhance the Myst-Genre experience.Quern is a lot longer than I expected, I got 14 hours of gameplay before the credits without a moment a boredom and I'm going to go back for more. For such a small environment it's amazing how rarely the game feels repetitive, there are many things to do just for fun and curiosity. I always had a growing list of things to try in my mind and I'm looking forward to getting into exhausting every little permutation on my second playthrough.Puzzles:  9/10I expect Quern will be a trendsetter for this genre in the years to come, the inventory system and the way it interacts with the environment adds an extra dimension to puzzles that I haven't seen before.The puzzles feel as though they are designed to be solved, their structure and difficulty are such that you feel you are growing as the game progresses, some games have puzzles that feel as though their purpose is to stop you dead, all the puzzles in this game feel as though they are designed to educate and enlighten you.While not as difficult as The Talos Principle, the puzzles in Quern feel organic to the world, as though you are learning to use tools and machines built for everyday use rather that unusual puzzle rooms like The Talos Principle and Portal. More like Myst III: Exile than anything else I can think of, but in Exile you feel like a student or a prisoner, Quern makes you feel like an archaeologist or explorer.+REUSABLE PUZZLE MECHANICS!!Story, Characters and Lore: 7/10For a standalone game Quern has a beautifully deep and well explored Lore that all the puzzles are built around, the story is an exploration of this told through very well voiced monologues. There are very few characters with very little character development or backstory so I can't give a very high rating here but I wouldn't change a thing about this game, it's rare that a game will give you a chance to be alone with your thoughts and emersed in the environment, Quern feels perfect from start to finish.Sound Design: 8/10Immersive and RelaxingControls and UI: 7/10It controls like a typical first person shooter but with the option to temporarily decouple the mouse and camera, allowing you to stand at a workstation and interact with all the levers and buttons without dragging the camera around with you, not a new concept for the genre but a necessity. The UI could do with a little polishing, I'd frequently turn a wheel in the wrong direction or think a lever is inactive because I wouldn't be gripping long enough. I think a toggle grip would improve the UI as would the ability to pick something up without shifting the inventory.Graphics: 7/10I was disappointed with the perfomance I got on low and high quality graphics settings, I wasn't expecting photo-realism on high settings but I've managed to get more FPS out of much better looking games, this issue didn't effect my immersion and I loved the beautiful lighting effects.Overall: 9.5/10Quern fills a serious gap in the market for me, the puzzles, their mechanics and their integration into the narative is exceptionally good and could only be improved with a little more difficulty. Series I once thought of as puzzle series like Tomb Raider have become so simplistic and easy these days, and to make it worse they give immersion breaking hints through the HUD. None of my usual criticisms of game's puzzles apply to Quern, and for that, everything else is forgiven."
76561197999920412,Recommended,512790,32505218,Posted: 17 June,all,Self-rescuing Princess,"The bestMyst-style game since, well, sinceMyst. I can promise this will provide many happy brain-wracking hours for all but the most unrealistically brilliant puzzle-solver.Now, this is - unfortunately - not a wholly unqualified review. There is (at the time of writing) a graphical issue that can be a complete progress blocker by making certain puzzle-critical letters unreadable on low graphics settings. If you have a graphics card that can comfortable handle the high-res textures, though, this shouldn't be a problem. And I'm told the developers are working on patching it.Also, there is one puzzle that can't be solved if you're deaf, and a couple that might be difficult if you're colour-blind, depending on how well you can distinguish between blue and orange."
76561198070453188,Recommended,512790,28115967,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Innocentive,"Quern is an excellent puzzle exploration game that I recommend for any fan of this genre (and to anybody else as well ;).The visuals are very good and there are some stunning visual moments in the game that made me go 'Wow!!!'. The soundtrack is very well laid out to fit the scenery you are in currently.In my opinion, the puzzles are very well designed. In almost all cases,  you get appriopriate clues concerning what your next goal should be which is crucial because espescially at the beginning of the game you have so many things that need achieving (basically gaining access to locked areas). The puzzles incorporate symbols, letters, numbers, sounds, shifting items, etc. To my recollection there were only two puzzles that required trial and error but these puzzles were really simple to solve. All other puzzles purely require logical thinking.Now, I have to add that occasionally the game makes it difficult for you to find the next step you have to take. That is due to the fact that some of the machines and items available to you have to be used multiple times in different ways. So if you get stuck you need perseverence/patience to figure out what you may have missed. And that also means that you have to pay close attention to the many details you see in the game world and preferably remember them.The gameplay itself I found to be very smooth with the standard moving controls (WASD or arrow keys) and the mouse for interaction and scrolling through your inventory. What some players may enjoy is the notebook function that let's you take screenshots for later reference, however, personally I prefer pen & paper (which is also an achievement) because it facilitates combining clues.Having said all that Quern is a definite must-have for all lovers of puzzle exploration games. In this genre, it plays right up there with games like Obduction or The Witness. It took me about twenty hours to complete the game and with all the content I got it was well worth the price."
,Recommended,512790,33601229,Posted: 16 July,all,Moleculor,"A modern Myst quality game, with Myst-level difficulty and length (or maybe slightly easier). Worth the purchase. I never felt like I was lost or mislead, never felt like I was stumped or stuck, but I did have to spend a little time on each puzzle 'puzzling' out how to get to the right answer.An in-game note-taking feature is provided right around the same time you need to have one. Regarding the puzzles themselves, they're a bit reliant on 'find object, use object in proper location' in many places, and others require you to run across the island for 10 seconds to go grab some other item, etc, but the true 'puzzle' puzzles are good quality without being overly difficult. I did feel like I brute-forced one, and stumbled through another rather quickly.The game is easier the more you pay attention to things in the game. The entire 'story' is that nearly every puzzle is intentionally designed by someone who wants you to solve it, so there is always an answer to be found or puzzled out.The voice acting is indie-quality (which means that it works, is functional, isn't terrible, but you're not getting Nolan North or Jennifer Hale). Graphics are pretty to look at. Sound is good. The soundtrack is nice background music, but nothing to write home about. A very solid, indie title.A nice little diversion for 8+ hours if you're a puzzle game veteran or enjoy those 'escape the room' games. However, be sure to check the length of time others played the game and compare to my time, as a person who was watching me play the last hour commented that he was 'surprised how fast I was solving the puzzles at the end', so I may have a more puzzle-oriented mind than most.One of the hours on my 9.1 hour record MIGHT have been spent AFK with my girlfriend, so I think it was mostly a 8 hour game for me."
76561197971241515,Recommended,512790,29431848,Posted: 22 January,all,Vern,"This....THIS is how its done ladies and gentlemen!!!-----THIS IS HOW OBDUCTION SHOULD HAVE TURNED OUT----I can honestly say that this game is the best puzzler ive played since RIVEN!! And i believe RIVEN is the greatest game to date... YES, its thst much of a statement!Beautiful, gorgeous world that just keeps giving and giving...Beautiful, Intriguing, mind twisting puzzles...and tonnes of them!Story is good, but doesnt really need to be good because this game is incredible.It has been the making of many cold cups of tea and burnt meals as it sucks you in to this new place filled with unusal technology and organic matter, small hints setting you on the correct path, I totally lost myself in it!Such good puzzles with some awesome ideas and solutions.Music is glorious adding an earie feel throughout.some fantastic animation and a real solid feel all adds up to a 9/10If you got Obduction and it secretly disappointed you, uninstall it and buy this...I can guarantee this will make you forget all about it and open up your mind to other devs and especiaslly the guys that made this----cant wait for the next game they do...IM EXTERMELY IMPRESSED!Cheers!Ps. Any bad reveiws on this game is poor... If your PC is crap, dont blame an outstanding game...Go buy desent parts if you are serious about gaming. The game ran flawlessly for me, just how the devs planned. Peace"
76561198102052243,Recommended,512790,29449463,Posted: 23 January,all,Tali'Zorah nar Rayya,"Masterpiece! Only had to cheat twice, and both were at the end of the game.  This, in my opinion was WAY better than Obduction.  Although the endings could have been more fleshed out to see the result of your choices when the game ends.Totally worth every minute I spent in this game, played it co-op on the couch with my fiance' Via my steam link, seems like the best way to play this is with two people taking turns and taking notes and pictures instead of using the sketchbook.I really hope that this studio comes out with another game like this, I would buy it in a second!  Maybe some sort or sequel that takes place in one of the other worlds?  Pretty please?"
,Recommended,512790,29033446,Posted: 5 January,all,NAICOM,"Myst, Riven, Zork,.. I have played all of them. Almost 20 years ago now... Since then, no game had given me that special feeling back again I had with these. The fascinating exploration of a strange world that completely draws me into and does not let me leave."
,Recommended,512790,28319986,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Kalaunu,This has to be one of the best damn puzzle games I have played in a while.
,Recommended,512790,29611584,Posted: 31 January,all,Trilby,An excellent Mystlike with a near-perfect difficulty curve that keeps you moving forward while still providing a challenge. Manages to surpass the quality of Cyan's own Obduction with a fraction of the budget and team size. If you enjoyed that game or The Witness then don't miss this.
76561198155451414,Recommended,512790,30132890,Posted: 23 February,all,The_Kellz,"Absolutely amazing.If you're looking for a game that truly makes you think about each move you make, each step you take and each puzzle you solve, this is it. This game challenges you not only intellectually, but creatively aswell. I strongly push you to try to complete the game without usin. guides, it's hard and there are times where you might just think the puzzle is impossible, but eventually you will come to this ""AHA!"" moment. And what an awesome sensation that is, when you finally figure it out!Nothing in this game is ""too difficult"" for the average person to figure out. It does however take a certain level of creativity and attention to detail to prevail.Seriously, if you want a game that is super fun, amazingly beautiful and insanely rewarding... This is your game!"
,Recommended,512790,30842214,Posted: 30 March,all,Zuranthus,"Phew, what a game. I actually preferred this to Obduction, and I was a backer for that game. Let me first just say that Quern has the strongest 1st hour of any game I think I've ever played. The pacing and conveyance is water-tight, and it certainly doesn't fall apart after that, but it does get bogged down somewhat due to the inventory (which becomes a little bloated at one point). But while Quern is basically Myst + Inventory puzzles, *most* of the inventory puzzles are clever or obvious. I won't say every single puzzle is perfect, because there's about 50 of them, so there's bound to be one or two ""meh"" puzzles here, but they are all fair.On difficulty, I'd say this is right between Riven and Exile. I completed no puzzle wondering how the walkthrough figured it out, but I certainly did refer to a walkthrough a few times just to make sure I was on the right track.I would recommend this game without reservation to fans of Myst. If you're new to these games, allow for one or two minor puzzles to feel ""cheap,"" that's par for the course in these games. Still, 2 out of 50~ ain't bad at all."
76561197987156904,Recommended,512790,33361280,Posted: 7 July,all,Cymek,"Quern blew me away. This unassuming, nearly anonymous puzzle game is one of the best I've played in recent times.Reminiscent of Myst, Quern is a modern take on the 'mysterious puzzle island'. The principle difference between the two being that the world of Quern is dense rather than large.The puzzles are varied in scope, complexity, and form, with only a few that feel tedious or unfair. The story feels familiar, but it is intriguing nonetheless."
,Recommended,512790,28279436,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Digitalizing,I went into this hoping it would be at least half as good as Obduction was and was really surprised. I probably enjoyed it just as much. It took me around 16 hours to beat and I enjoyed every minute of it. The pacing was perfect and every time I felt like there wasn't anywhere left on the island to explore a whole new branch opens up and blows you away. The reusable puzzle mechanics really impressed me and left me hoping it inspires other developers to get more creative. Puzzle games like this have been slowly been becoming more about finding items you need as opposed to finding items and figuring out how to use them in the world.
76561197977397371,Recommended,512790,30073093,Posted: 20 February,all,Mr. Guy,"As a fan of exploratory, puzzle-driven adventure games, Quern is pretty much what I've hoped every game of its genre would be.1. The puzzles are challenging enough to always require a pause and consideration, and often a few failed attempts, but never so difficult as to drive you to frustration or a walkthrough.2. The relevant information needed to solve the puzzles can be found in the game world, either on the surface of the puzzle itself, or as something you can infer from some part of the game world.3. The game world opens iteratively and feels large as you go through it, examining every inch and manipulating every object, yet is laid out in such as way that you an traverse from one edge of the world to the other in under a minute. It all speaks to being carefully considered/designed.4. There is regular reuse of inventory items, fixed items, environments, mechanics, etc. When you leave an area, you are likely to have to return for something that was innocuous of seemingly useless before.5. There is a story that arks over the whole experience, adding interest, context, and a parellel narrative, without ever ""taking over"" and reducing immersion and control.6. The world is REALLY pretty.I really only have positive things to say about this game. I expect that it will skew my expectations for a while, in the way that the Talos Principle did."
76561198288831993,Recommended,512790,30093368,Posted: 21 February,all,cmplsv,"I just rolled credits on Quern and I'm extremely happy with it. I'm a big fan of the puzzle/adventure genre--Riven is one of my favorite games of all time, and this game is clearly inspired by it in aesthetic, narrative arc and puzzle design. It's sad that it flew so far under the radar. Quern should be mentioned in the same breath as Obduction and The Witness. If you're a fan of the genre, pick it up and play it. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,512790,28558173,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,PoisonMichael,"Really awesome puzzle game. The game runs smooth and looks nice. Puzzles are unique and logical to solve. No frustrating moments where you just start to guess, and press random buttons. I'm looking forward to more puzzle games from these guys!If you love puzzles, you got to give this one a shot."
76561198024982700,Recommended,512790,28293984,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,GnomeChompski,"I have waited a long time for a puzzle adventure game like this.  This does everything right- the evironment is beautifully designed and perfectly intertwined with the score.  The music enhances the immersion, and the gentle fades in and out when moving from one enviroment to another is perfectly done.The best part of this game is that the puzzles are inventive and brilliant.  They are not so difficult that you need to find a walkthrough, but they are difficult enough to challenge deep thought.  The puzzles are also not similar to anything I've ever experienced in any game.  The mechanics are original, which makes this game so much more interesting.The story is interesting, although it is a little shallow.  It does slightly enhance the game, but it is not the primary reason why this game is amazing.I hope this is not the last game Zadbox creates.  I look forward to seeing what they can produce in the future!"
76561198273368629,Recommended,512790,29058696,Posted: 6 January,all,scrunch plank,"I truly hope this game gets the reputation and exposure it deserves. As a long time Riven fan, I've long searched for a new game - ANY new game - to meet the same heights that it once brought me.Finally many many years later I've found a worthy successor. If you have any interest in puzzle games at all I cannot recommend this high enough.10/10"
,Recommended,512790,31149603,Posted: 14 April,all,Andi,"Quern is a first person exploration game with many, MANY puzzles to solve. I'm not one hundred percent sure, but I think there may be more puzzles in this game than in MYST. Most, if not all, of the puzzles are good, well thought out, logic puzzles that will keep you busy for awhile.Pros:- The graphics are well done- The voice acting is decent- Several puzzles ranging from easy to very hard- Lengthy game play- Various areas to explore- The game flows very well from puzzle to puzzleCons:- One or two of the puzzles are insanely hard- Very linearOne of the features I really like about this game is the notebook, it eliminates the need to write everything down. Pressing the “P” key on your keyboard will render a sketch of what ever you're looking at the time. If you're not sure of what you saw earlier, you can consult your notebook. You may have to use a pencil and paper for some of the complicated puzzles but for the most part, you can rely of your notebook.At the time of this review, Quern was selling for $24.99. Well worth it in my opinion."
76561197980003578,Recommended,512790,33157656,Posted: 2 July,all,Chewingum,"This is a must play. The puzzles themselves are not particularly challenging, but what it lacks in challenge it more than makes up for in environmental story telling and creativity. Every mechanic (and there are a lot of them) works properly and is clear. The world is connected and spacially correct. This is an extremely believable world, and there are absolutely no hiccups in the presentation. Little details make a huge difference and you can see that the world has been lived in. To top that off, performance is very steady. I was running at 60 fps+ with a gtx 970, and the framerate is extremely stable unlocked, though smaller environments will go up to 90 and larger may hit mid 50s. This is a great experience."
76561198033470545,Recommended,512790,32479750,Posted: 16 June,all,C. Viper,Beautiful graphics and mind-blowing puzzles.
76561198064770610,Recommended,512790,30619673,Posted: 19 March,all,serfs,"Very interesting puzzle game with good story line.  Like the original Myst game, even more so than some of the later versions of that game.  Other games in the puzzle genre I liked were RHEM and Talos.  Did NOT like Obduction.Well worth it at the price I paid, $20, with over 50 hours sunk into it, that's entertainment at less than 40 cents an hour.  Some puzzles are very deep.  Although they have a print to notebook option I used up many sheets of diagrams and used Excel for a couple math puzzles."
,Recommended,512790,32739274,Posted: 24 June,all,Kjoelby,"Fantastic puzzle game! Good storyline and achievable puzzles, belongs among the likes of Myst & Riven"
,Recommended,512790,30482420,Posted: 12 March,all,Dywindel,I can't believe it's not Myst.- Easy to digest narrative- Locally sourced puzzles- May contain nootropics
,Recommended,512790,28148363,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,kanadaj,"First game that had me walk away and come back an hour later to try again since Dark Souls.While the story is quite simple on its own, the narrative is interesting, the music is great, and the puzzles are extremely fun. There are some performance issues (~45 FPS with medium settings on a GTX 970M will be a pain on much lower-end GPUs), but overall I've really enjoyed the game."
,Recommended,512790,31441917,Posted: 29 April,all,Xird,"If you enjoy puzzle games like Myst, Riven, or Obduction, this is a must play."
76561198017234432,Recommended,512790,31451411,Posted: 29 April,all,obscure,"Updated NostalgiaFor all those old enough to yearn for MYST, but utterly dissatisfied with the remake, this is the solution. For those too young, this is how to make a puzzle game. Watch and enjoy!"
76561198198887102,Recommended,512790,32212321,Posted: 5 June,all,azuykov,This game takes you on a wonderful and wonderous journey.Definetely recommend it!
76561198055851923,Recommended,512790,33019838,Posted: 29 June,all,pressric,"Finally finished Quern.  What a game.  Since I""m from the era of the first Myst, I did enjoy playing Quern even though I'm not as quick as I was to do the puzzle.  Howewer, the scenario is very good and the puzzle are doable (but I must admit I had to use 2 portion of the walkthrough to help me with 2 puzzles (the last one being in the library).   I strongly recommend this game to everyone.  Worth every dollars it cost. Really looking to have a Quern 2 sometimes*********Finalement complété Quern.  Tout un jeu. Puisque j'ai commencé ces types de jeux avec Myst lors de sa sortie initiale, j'ai vraiment adoré ce jeu même si je ne suis plus aussi vite pour compléter les énigmes.  Le scénario est très bon et les casse-tête sont tous réalisables en se creusant un peu la tête (quoique j'ai eu besoin de l'aide pour 2 énigmes (le dernier étant celui de la librairie). Je recommande fortement ce jeu à tous et il vaut totalement le prix payé.  J'espère un Quern 2 un de ces jours."
76561197968415958,Recommended,512790,33418635,Posted: 9 July,all,Stickan,"This is a great puzzle game!The puzzles are not too hard and most are quite logical. At first glance they may look totally uncomprehensible but after fiddling with them for a while you soon see the patterns and logics behind them. If youre a puzzle game veteran this game shouldn't be too hard for you.Only a few times was i stuck and had to look up hints, and a few times i'm not sure how i solved the puzzles :). In some cases it also reuses pieces of already solved puzzles in new ways which is very cool.The style is reminding me a lot of the Myst series, both with how the story is set up and with the environment. The atmosphere is great, beatiful graphics and sound effects, as well as music that shifts depending on the zone youre in.All in all, I had a great time. Highly recomended if you like good puzzle games like Myst."
,Recommended,512790,33766521,Posted: 24 July,all,DarkFall - S5,"If you like myst, then give this one a go. The puzzels do require you to observe your suroundings carfully, but all in all, a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,512790,34471871,Posted: 24 August,all,hybridblue,"Wonderful game and a ton of fun. At first I was worried that there wasnt enough content because it felt like a very small place to run around... Keep exploring. It gets... Bigger ;)I played the old Myst games way, way, back and this feels like a great take on the explorer/puzzle gametype. If you like those games it is well worth your time."
,Recommended,512790,28229338,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,binarycupcakes,"Quern is hands down one of the most beautiful puzzle games I have ever played. The puzzles are challenging but intuitive,  the story is great, the audio is amazing, the graphics are breathtaking and shiver-inducing. You get an amazingly well put together and beautifuly crafted game for a very reasonable price. I highly recommend this game to anyone that has enjoyed other puzzle games like The Witness, Myst, Riven, and The Eyes of Ara."
76561198033540750,Recommended,512790,30028395,Posted: 19 February,all,Angry Cookie,"If you were a fan of the original Myst / Riven / Exile games you will love this game.  You will recognise many of the design elements.  Great puzzles, good story and the game just seems to go forever… which is a good thing!  Certainly one of the best value games I have bought in this genre.  I do not write many reviews but this game is so good I just had to, in the hope they make enough money to make a sequel.  I would buy the sequel no questions asked... it was that good."
76561198085858594,Recommended,512790,33263210,Posted: 4 July,all,okernel,"Quite simply, this is a GREAT game!  In the style of the Myst series, the adventurer needs to solve many puzzles on the way to the excellent conclusion.  There are many, many hours of total immersion and enjoyment in the well-crafted storyline and the stunning graphics.  The puzzles are quite challenging, but not overly difficult like some other games that destroy interest and force players to cheat. I eagerly await the next offering from this very talented group.  Bang for buck, Quern is unbeatable.  Go buy it right away.  I promise that you will not be disappointed."
76561198059002996,Recommended,512790,33786401,Posted: 25 July,all,shtomer,Fantastic game! I started with no expectations and was really impressed by the puzzle design and atmosphere. 100% recommended.
76561197971761334,Recommended,512790,34107011,Posted: 8 August,all,Adonik,"Quite a Mysty feel to this one as others have pointed out, though definitely not as hard.  Classic point and click adventure with modern features added.  Intermediate level upzzles, a couple almost stumped me, one outright did; however all had logic behind them.  Fantastic background music and an interesting backstory.  Definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,512790,34802635,Posted: 7 September,all,Bergberg,"The puzzles were very logical and fun to solve. I only had to look up something once, but only because I misintepreted an obvious hint. For some of the puzzles I actually had to take out a pen and paper to solve them, which I found great.Absolutely fantastic game, every fan of puzzle games should buy this."
76561198044023766,Recommended,512790,28178071,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,magik8ball,"Very much inspired by Myst/Riven. I felt good solving a bunch of puzzles, and now I'm wandering around stuck trying to figure this next part out."
76561198032035984,Recommended,512790,31085812,Posted: 11 April,all,Devorath,"Bought this game within a streak of ""two heads, one hand"" plays with a friend of mine over screen sharing. We came on this after ""The vanishing of ethan carter"" which was very immersive, but rather short. So we thought the game was about to end at every door unlock and step ahead. But not at all! Quern offers you a solid 12 hours (13 cause we are lazy) experience filled with brain effort puzzles yet sporting a relaxing environment and experience. Every puzzle involves a different area of the classic array of mind tricks leaving none to very little untouched.Reccomended!!"
76561198007140180,Recommended,512790,31474068,Posted: 30 April,all,cpoc,"In short: fantastic puzzle game.Heavily inspired by Cyan games, but sacrificing little bit of immersion and atmosphere for superbly crafted puzzles and great flow through all 20+ hours of gameplay.This game is good in almost every aspect. The graphics, technical stability, the controls (yes, finally some puzzle game with great controls), and of course the puzzles. There is 20 hours of top notch puzzles. I made big mistake, by looking twice in the walkthrough in the beginning phase of the game. :/ NEVER DO THIS! All puzzles are logical and just pay attention to every detail -- including sound, and all scattered objects around. Everything has some meaning. During the later phases of the game I already had trust to the authors, so I was never afraid of some garbage solution of any puzzle, so the urge to check the walkthourgh disappeared. Overall the difficulty of the puzzles is between medium and hard, but never reaches Riven level of difficulty.If I would have to nit pick something, it would be the music while not horrible, it is forgettable and sounds ""generic"". Also the ending phase of the game is lengthened too much, for no reason, because the game is long anyway.I will definitelly buy Quern 2 (or other puzzle game) by this team, even without reading reviews.Overall: 9.5/10"
76561198040384018,Recommended,512790,28252743,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,gaiada,"The time has come to write my first review ever. I decided to do so, because I realy loved this game so far - and hope it will give me another hours of fun solving it's puzzles. I had this torch issue, which was solved with the last patch, so I had to stop playing. This could've been the end of my journey. But I just wrote the support team and they send me back the fixed savegame within only 2 hours! I really appreciate this great support.So just buy this little gem and don't bother the few little first day issues. They are working on it to make this game even better."
,Recommended,512790,29745320,Posted: 6 February,all,Endlesz,"A hidden gem. A true Myst successor. Many games had tried to be a Myst successor but none had ever came close to being one except for Quern and Obduction. Not that I hate Obduction, but personally, I love Quern more than Obduction (I love Obduction too though. It IS also a great game!). Breathtaking island, atmospheric song, good and clever enviromental puzzles and nice story. The only drawback is that the game only took place in one island as opposed to many ""places"" as in Myst and Obuction. As a Myst fan and lover, I can't recommend this game enough (and Obduction too of course)."
76561197993673716,Recommended,512790,31365317,Posted: 25 April,all,jaranth,"THIS is the kind of exploration game that I love, and I can't really give any more accolades than have already been noted in previous reviews.  I really hope for more games like this from the developers... they have shown superb skills in making this one.  As many others have stated, if you appreciate games like Myst, you'll like this one.  I feel that any game that makes me want to take my time and savor the experience is certainly excellent.It should also be noted that this game conveys beautiful graphics and gameplay without dragging down your system (like Obduction, for example), never taking away from the immersion of your exploration. WELL DONE."
76561198327762096,Recommended,512790,32087139,Posted: 31 May,all,jgwilliam428cj,"Just finished playing Quern. Ablolutely 100% my kind of game.The graphics and sound track are awesome. like how the different locations have distinct soundtracks so you always know when you enter or leave the different areas.The puzzles are very engaging and relatively difficult (easy puzzles are not much fun are they) as a matter of fact I needed a bit of help with two of them. One of those I was able to figure out the logic after I completed it but the other one still escapes me. Actually kicked myself on the one. Page, word, letter cipher. :) I would definitly recommend this game and have let my friends play mine for a bit to see if they would like it. My standard for a top of the line game is, it should take about 50 hours to play. This one took me 49 so it ranks just below Obduction, which took me 52 hours."
,Recommended,512790,33258223,Posted: 4 July,all,fraxyl,"Decent graphics and puzzles that make you feel clever, fairly good experience. Only got really stuck once or twice, but that made the breakthrough make me feel even more clever! Good job.The ending was a bit of a let down however. I won't spoilt it though. A case of the journey being more enjoyable than the destination I guess."
76561198002429203,Recommended,512790,32688139,Posted: 23 June,all,Hipsterbror,"Very good puzzle game. Good amount of puzzles, and none too obtuse that I needed to look up a walkthrough, as I did a fair bit with Obduction.Only real issue is performance. On mac I had to greatly reduce the graphics settings even though my system is quite capable. Hope they can fix that!"
,Recommended,512790,31637152,Posted: 8 May,all,Dclone3,"For those looking for a modern Myst-like: This is definitely that, but with similar issues...The aesthetic is amazing and, while the story lost my interest at points, all-in-all I thought it was well put together.The puzzles, in large part, are extremely well put together and there are plenty.My main complaint is that many of the solutions in the first half of the game require a lot of odd logistical reasoning and use-specific-object-in-the-right-place-to-continue moments, which I had to look up hints for to continue. On the other hand, the ""harder"" puzzles in the second half of the game, I found significantly easier and more straight forward, as they were (for the most part) isolated to one room or piece of equipment.This difficulty which I encountered in the first half of the game probably stemmed from my lack of certainty about what I could use where, and my frustration at trying various objects in various places and realizing that while some objects could be used in places, that didn't necessarily mean they were supposed to be used there. The interactivity between objects is not tought very well and must be learned through trial and error as well as *very* careful scrutiny of environmental ""clues"" (I use the term loosely as they may not even appear to be relevant if you are not looking for a deeper meaning)Anyways, all-in-all I really enjoyed my time in Quern and I hope the developpers continue to create games of similar genre!"
76561197976229736,Recommended,512790,30329128,Posted: 4 March,all,Elroco,"What an amazing game... I love games that make yousit back and think when having to complete puzzles. I love them even more when you need to go old school and use pen and paper to take notes and make scetches... In the vain of Myst, Riven and URU this is a must play for adventure/puzzle lovers...Please note that ther were a few minor random glitches with the gui on my ultrwide monitor but nothing that prevented me from playing the game nor wnything that a few alt + tabs didnt fix..."
76561198360912988,Recommended,512790,31007481,Posted: 7 April,all,l-a-mclean,Loved this game! Truely a masterpiece. The world is beautiful  reminiscent of Myst and the puzzles challenging. well worth the money!
76561197969742112,Recommended,512790,33635151,Posted: 18 July,all,Bradward,Easily the best puzzle game I have played in a decade.  Puzzles had a huge amount of variety and were very rewarding to complete.  There were only a few occassions where I felt that the game did not provide enough information on how to complete a puzzle--the vast majority were expertly crafted.  10/10--was blown away.
76561198160285117,Recommended,512790,33699207,Posted: 21 July,all,Unicycle Bloke,"This an excellent Myst-alike. A bit frustrating at times when there was nothing left to twiddle with and I still couldn't work out what to do with what, but that's puzzles for you. The payoffs when you work it out are satisfying. Some are *very* satisfying. It's amazing how much has been packed into a small venue that looks pretty empty to start with. There was one overlong monologue later on which could provide some back story for other games in this universe. Really hoping for more from these developers."
,Recommended,512790,33202219,Posted: 3 July,all,castavernas,"This game was amazing, tons of gameplay, great story, great puzzles.  The puzzle difficulty was perfect for the most part, but there were 2-3 times where I couldn't figure out where to go next.  Overall this is one of my favorite games in this genre of all time.  Highly recommend!"
76561198019026668,Recommended,512790,31311602,Posted: 22 April,all,The Roach,"Awesome puzzle adventure. If you love games like The Room, Myst, Riven and Obduction you'll love this game. Great graphics, great soundtrack and best of all, mind-bending puzzles. Highly recommend. I hope they make a sequel."
76561198161362002,Recommended,512790,31401220,Posted: 27 April,all,I am the fishingmachine,"I'm a huge fan of Myst and Riven to start off with. Since Cyan did their kickstarter for Obduction i waited those years for it's release, played it, loved it just like the other 2. When someone makes a game like Quern these games HAVE to be compared to the originals, Myst and Riven since they are some kind of god in it's genre. Every review you will ever read it will be compared to them somehow not managing to step with them. Quern really does! After i played it (22) hours i feel like i want to play it again. If i just could erase my memory of it and start over it would be awesome. I feel like i want to share this game to all i know and if you are a fan of Myst, Riven, Obduction this really is the closest you ever gonna be if not even better. Now i'm waiting for a sequel or a similar game from these guys who made this amazingly wonderful game. Thank you Zadbox for not letting me wait for another Cyan masterpiece....!"
76561197972371563,Recommended,512790,28441055,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,SoManyWhales,"Beautifully crafted immersive puzzle/exploration game.  It's a bit linear compared to Myst/Riven, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  If you like that type of game, this is a must-buy."
,Recommended,512790,28732296,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,X-ray,"If you're a fan of puzzle adventure games like Riven, and you've been waiting for a game that lives up to Cyan’s original Myst series, you have to play Zadbox’s Quern!The world you get to explore is stunning, absolutely beautifully designed, and it ties the gameplay together perfectly. It’s not too large and every area is very memorable, which is great because you’ll have to travel to each area of the island several times during the game.The puzzles actually make sense! Unlike so many poorly designed puzzle games, you will never need a walkthrough so long as you’re willing to chew on the puzzles long enough. All of the puzzles have logic to them, there are appropriate clues that point you in the right direction without holding your hand, so you will definitely have a good challenge.The story is wonderful; it’s fairly minimalistic and mostly told through the environment, so it doesn’t get in the way.  But in the moments where it’s a bit more in your face it’s really intriguing, and I felt that the ending was especially well done.I only had two minor problems with Quern:#1 It’s fairly linear which means if you get stuck on a puzzle you won’t be able to do something else in the game while you mull it over. It’s not a huge deal, but it would have been nice to have some choice to where you can explore next like in the Myst series.#2 The game has you return to several areas to do something new once you’ve unlocked to ability to progress. This by itself isn’t a problem, but what ends up happening a lot is when you enter a new room you’ll see a whole bunch of buttons and levers and machines that look like a lot of fun to mess with, but you’ll promptly be disappointed since you’ll have to go somewhere else to actually turn on the machines before you get to play with them. Sometimes this takes so long that you’ll have forgotten about them by the time they are ready for you to play with. This isn’t a deal breaker either, it’s just a little disappointing when you can’t play with some of the puzzles right away.Quern is one of the best puzzle adventure games to have come out in the last 20 years. Do yourself a favor and pick up a copy today!"
76561198045576846,Recommended,512790,29352605,Posted: 19 January,all,ThotsAndPrayers,"Probably one of the best puzzle games I've ever played.  On top of that, great narration and a pretty decent story to keep things moving along.  The puzzles left me super satisfied when I figured them out, they're challenging, but definitely doable.  Haven't played a lot of puzzle games, so I definitely had to consult a guide a few times, but overall 10/10. Great refreshing experience!"
76561198296763520,Recommended,512790,31045676,Posted: 9 April,all,rhan.howe,"Have you ever wondered what RIVEN would have been if you had met Ghen first? Quern is a true successor of Cyan's classic MYST series of exploration-driven puzzle games with lush worlds, great music, challenging logic puzzles, and emphasis on learning both sides of a story to draw your own conclusion.The premise is that you have been abducted to an ostensibly timeless land somewhere at the end of the world chain by a previous explorer who needs your help to reconnect the world's gates and share its wonders. The explorer himself is long gone, but guides your own exploration through his letters and the locks and obstacles he left behind to teach you about the world, nicknamed Quern. In these travels, you meet a second guide who opposes the explorer's values and asks you to protect the world chain by destroying what she sees as a cursed world. There are subtle logical fallacies with both of the guides' stories, so it's up to your own imagination and judgement to write the ending.Gameplay in Quern was enjoyable; curiosity and tinkering are essential, though there's no reward for parkour. You can get one or two neat views, but all of the actual puzzle hints and tools are in easy reach along the visible paths. The puzzles range from the simplistic (picking up a puzzle piece and fitting it to its hole) through ciphers, recipes, mazes, and sound puzzles  of varying difficulty to the fiendishly difficult (a certain Mastermind-like logic puzzle that resets every seven tries springs to mind). The clues to completion are always at hand, but may require you to revisit old sites or take a step back and review your evidence, then run through possible solutions until one sticks. Keep a scratch pad handy! There's an in-game journal, but paper beats it any day of the week.There aren't many downsides to this game. You do have to be a true puzzle lover (as I assume you are if you've read this far) and enjoy a game that will take some solid time and thought. Sadly, you  can't interact with things that aren't directly part of a puzzle, which was probably a great design feature given the volume of puzzles and their complexity, but took some of the joy out of searching for little developer easter eggs. That said, the solutions to a few puzzles will give you a chuckle, and if you're paying attention you'll find a punderful nod to the kickstarter backers.At the time I write this, the game is only a few months old, so there are one or two bugs still being worked out, but the developers are extremely supportive and have done a great job.  They've put out a beautiful, multi-tiered and rich story that will give you several evenings of enjoyment. This isn't just another MYST clone. This one's going to be a classic."
,Recommended,512790,31140030,Posted: 14 April,all,kupych,"I've been playing exploratory puzzle games since Myst came out. I can tell that the creators of Quern enjoy these games as much as I do, because this is probably one of the best ones I've played since the Witness.Aside from a couple moments where I was totally stumped, and a few puzzles that involved quite a bit of tedious back-and-forth, the puzzles were the perfect level of challenging with plenty ""A-HA"" moments to keep the momentum going. New materials and methods revealed themselves organically and there was many a time where I'd go back to an area I thought I had completed only to find something I had acquired opened up a whole new puzzle or area. The notebook feature is useful but a bit clumsy - I found having a physical paper notebook next to me was much easier.The world itself is gorgeous - it's a perfect mix of steampunk and the sort of ancient tech you see in games like Riven. Lots of ropes and heavy stones. Without spoiling too much, the crystal system was very unique and I would be happy to see even more puzzles using this system - maybe a DLC expansion?Much respect to Zadbox for creating a beautiful engaging puzzle game that kept me playing nothing else until I reached the end. I'm looking forward to more games from this company!"
76561197975221620,Recommended,512790,32207647,Posted: 5 June,all,MrCapone O Mineiro,"I´ve loved this game, it´s really similar to Myst franchise, but it contains its uniqueness, with very well designed puzzles."
76561197973782649,Recommended,512790,33744593,Posted: 23 July,all,mvp,"I always wanted a beautiful and challenging game like Myst, a game that connects the beauty of nature with the mystery and complexity of strange machines and experiments. And thats what i truly found in this game, it has challenging but fair puzzles, you always get good hints to solve every puzzle and the story of this new world is very interesting to follow. I never got frustrated and it never took too long to progress in the game.Thanks for a beautiful experience, i highly reccomend this game for everyone who also enjoyed Myst.I hope there will be more games like this in the future, because besides Quern and Myst there is nothing else that reaches the perfection these two games could reach."
,Recommended,512790,35425233,Posted: 2 October,all,SonOfADiddly,"A really excellent Myst-like with wonderful visuals and an enchanting soundtrack. WARNING: You have to be able to hear to solve at least one of the puzzles. I would rate this as better than Obduction, which was a little clunky in places. Took me around 30 hours to finish but I absolutely agonized over a couple of the puzzles. Small amounts of jank when you are required to rotate things in the game world, but you can work past it. Very satisfying experience!"
,Recommended,512790,30827326,Posted: 29 March,all,Tater,This game is amazing. It is possibly one of the best puzzle games I have played. It is visually beautiful. The puzzles in this game are very nice and interesting. It has many mechnics that are called back to later puzzles in the game. The puzzles themselves are just hard enough to make you think but not so hard that they are impossible. Would and have highly recommend this game to others.
76561198068708024,Recommended,512790,31063059,Posted: 10 April,all,carron.j.h,"Fantastic game and dare I say it, on par with the Myst series. The game seems to be very inspired by the Cyan productions but has plenty of its own originality and story line.I personally found the story line to be excellent, keeping the suspense and mystery to the right level through out the game. I particularly loved the way some of the puzzles link back to earlier parts of the game and also the way the puzzles often make you think outside the box.Visuals and audio are also great. Would strongly recommend the game to anyone looking for a puzzle based game. It's a must for any Myst lover! I'm just surprised more people haven't got it yet."
,Recommended,512790,29905838,Posted: 13 February,all,JukeNukem,"A high-quality puzzle game in the spirit of old Myst and Riven.  Loved those games, I really like this one.  Classic mysterious beginning, slow exposition, increasingly difficult puzzles.  Highly recommend to fans of the genre, especially if on sale."
,Recommended,512790,30017089,Posted: 18 February,all,Beanchilla,"Fantastic game. Great music, great atmosphere and loads of mechanical puzzles. I haven't beaten the game yet but so far each puzzle has been fair and understandable, if a pain in the neck at times. Loving the game so far. If you're a fan of riven then pick it up.Also, the sketchbook idea is so cool. You take a screenshot, get a drawing of it and can add notes to the drawing. It feels like a more modernized version of just using pen and paper. I love going back through my notes when I'm stuck and trying to figure out what I might have missed."
,Recommended,512790,30892533,Posted: 1 April,all,bvalkai,"This game is an underrated gem!!!! Great puzzles and interesting crystal mechanics. Lots of rich storyline too, especially for a puzzle game. Hungaraian development team is also a fresh take and a welcome addition. Great value for your money, I bought it at a slight discount ~$20 and it had a solid 13 hour playthrough."
,Recommended,512790,31025248,Posted: 8 April,all,TSKaiser,"Every aspect of this game is truely well-crafted. There were moments, when parts of Quern and the backstory were revealed, where I got the shivers. The art and music direction is spot on. The storytelling equally so.The difficulty of the puzzles varies, but each of them fits the narration snugly. It is hard to describe the difficulty of a puzzle game since it depends very much on the beholder, but personally I enjoyed them. They are fitted into the world in a way so that they truly become a part of it, and for some you will have to really consider what you've experienced up until then.It took me roughly 20 hours from start to finish to complete the game."
76561198121979736,Recommended,512790,32906158,Posted: 27 June,all,Elijah098,"For someone who wants to play something with tons of puzzles to keep you thought provoked, I cannot recommend this enough. Only issue is optimization, of which it seems like the developers are still working on it (I had a powerful enough computer, and did not see any unplayable frame drops).Highly recommended - 9/10"
,Recommended,512790,34198628,Posted: 12 August,all,timdodd,"Instant classic , myst on steriods."
,Recommended,512790,34295965,Posted: 16 August,all,Thomas,"By far one of the best games I have ever played. This game issobeautifully made, especiallythe crystal lab with the blue crystal light on and the underwater part. The puzzles weren't too hard, but not too easy either. Sometimes you really don't know what to do because you don't get that many clues. But once you've figured it out, it was worth the time. The storyline developed so well, incredible for a story withonly 2 characters.I also loved how everything was connected, no puzzle was worthless and everything you saw was used somehow in a puzzle or in the storyline.Overall this game was incredible and I so recommend this."
76561198155007937,Recommended,512790,30760579,Posted: 26 March,all,tibhou,"This is a message to anyone who liked Myst and Riven, and to the developers of this game.This is where the Myst franchise should have gone after Riven, frankly it's bloody great.A little bit of weak gameplay around mixing of potions etc, but apart from that, totally solid.It all makes perfect sense and yet manages to stay cryptic before that point.Just love it guys, really love it!-------------------------------Wow - I'm currently in 'Lower Mechanics', and still going. Totally love it. Just when I thought it had finished, there was a whole load more :).Can you guys just keep writing this stuff please, pretty please?...."
76561198347340763,Recommended,512790,28126920,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,ellaguru.wellesley,"if you enjoyed any of the MYST series, you will love this. The game of 2016 - no loading delays, a wonderful imersive enviorment, a real joy to explore. The puzzels are super, not easy, but good logic, plenty of clues, real world notebook a must."
76561197974551228,Recommended,512790,30499362,Posted: 13 March,all,xsmotex,"All puzzles have a clue. if you find you are stuck, you missed something."
76561197988479642,Recommended,512790,28116748,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,TROOPER181st,What a gem of a game ! I loved the puzzles i loooove the soundtrack .. the price is too low for such a great game!
,Recommended,512790,33213730,Posted: 3 July,all,夢,"Kind of low budget but what it does with that it does amazingly well. Builds and learns on previous games in the puzzle-adventure genre in ways that Obduction failed to. Not a progression in story telling so you might want to give it a miss if that's only what you're looking for, although I still found the story elements fairly engaging.Puzzles are well balanced, albeit leaning on the tedious side sometimes. Does a good job of gesturing the player in the right direction without holding their hand completely, which gives the game interesting pacing while allowing for exciting 'aha' moments. I'd say difficulty is easy-medium with sprinklings of a Riven style puzzle layout.Gets a thumbs up from me on the technical side too, game was stable even playing on Linux. Frame-rate while stable wasn't super high so you'll want to make sure you have good hardware for this."
76561198245270016,Recommended,512790,32834767,Posted: 26 June,all,virtualbill,"This game may be ""myst like"", but it is not like Myst.  Myst is a coherent whole with many interlinking parts.  Quern is a loose narrative delivered in cryptic notes from a meglomanaic.  The puzzles have nothing to do with the narrative, except for the stated ""to delay you"".    I can't see why:  the guy has been gone for 100 years and probably dead by the time You ""complete his mission"".  Why slow you down, if it will benefit everyone?   I never bought into the story he presented.  Gamana, on the other hand, told a compelling story of how absolute power, and its concomitant corruption, destroyed her world.  It took me 27 hours, and using hints, to complete this game.  Without some of the hints, I would never have finished it.  Maybe I'm not the brightest bulb on the string, but I enjoyed Myst, Riven, Uru and got through those without hints.  I complained a lot about Obduction, but even it is more logically put together than Quern.Now, having said all that, I will say the game is good looking and sounds good as well.  I understand how difficult it is to produce new sorts of puzzles and tasks to make a game different and enjoyable at the same time.  In that respect, Quern has broken some new ground.  Some of these puzzles are so complicated it sometimes seems impossible to do.  If you like a challenge, though, this is just the game you've been looking for.  Take notes, take lots of ""sketches"", and refer to them often.  Don't leave the game for long periods without playing it:  A lot of the immersive thinking and history fades and it just makes it harder.I'm giving it a thumbs up for innovative thinking, a good challenge, and nice environmental looks, sounds, and music."
76561198033602078,Recommended,512790,30930646,Posted: 3 April,all,Citronvand,"A very good Myst-esque game that is just as good as the Myst games. One could argue that it surpasses them in some ways. If you like Myst, buy it, simple as that.If you haven't played Myst, this is a first person puzzle game. The thing I like about Quern is that the puzzles were very logical, there were no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t pixel hunting, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t doors (RIVEN!) or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t hidden paths. If you get stuck, there is always some hint you have overlooked or missed.The story was also quite good. Not going to mention much because spoilers, but needless to say I was satisfied in the story department."
76561198068332802,Recommended,512790,31113738,Posted: 13 April,all,Dosfish,Really fun with some challanging puzzles
76561198170938274,Recommended,512790,31146191,Posted: 14 April,all,seb131286,"This such an amazing game.I had so much fun playing it and when I thought I reached the end, there was some more.It reminds me of Atlantis from CRYO back in the days but this game is way better.The puzzles are great, not too simple and not too hard.If you ever make a sequel I will totally buy it."
76561198202714920,Recommended,512790,32638599,Posted: 22 June,all,casscaro,"Oh, that was lovely. I'm only sorry I've finished it!This is very much my sort of game and I wish there were a lot more like it.I risked buying this despite my less-than-minimum-requirements (NVIDIA GeForce 920M) laptop. I was expecting less than perfect running, but even although I couldn't see it in full glory, Quern was still a beautiful thing, and the game ran surprisingly well with a few tweaks to the settings. It took a little while to get used to the slightly laggy movement on my machine, but I adjusted and I felt it was worth it. Loading was a bit slow, but not ridiculously so. I'm really looking forward to running it again when I get hold of a decent system.I found the puzzles on the whole pretty challenging and generally logical, but I admit to having to use a walkthrough for a few of my less favourite types (and one of those I still don't understand even with the solution). Satisfying  when you get it right though! The music was good, the voice acting wasn't bad either.High praise to the developers. Now - can we have more?!"
,Recommended,512790,29213247,Posted: 12 January,all,Keno,"Honestly surprised this doesn't have more interest, extremely well done. If you like myst games you'll love this."
76561198165049987,Recommended,512790,29490019,Posted: 25 January,all,IglooWhite,"OK... so I'm disappointed in the specs needed to run this game cleanly, but BIG THUMBS UP to the devs for actually getting on and responding in a friendly manner.    Just check the specs on your machine... it should run well on my Mac and it doesn't, but friendly answers and a refund link kept me happy.THANK YOU!"
76561198099942613,Recommended,512790,30956108,Posted: 4 April,all,blacktopase,"This was wonderful! Unlike some games in this genre, this one does not turn into a running against time. ++++++ for that!I would have liked more puzzles, it was played through in 20 hours."
,Recommended,512790,30971336,Posted: 5 April,all,Doc,"A solid puzzle exploration game in the same family as Myst or Riven.Quern has good, challenging puzzles that are nicely logical.The story serves the game well without over complicating things."
76561197980742745,Recommended,512790,28555726,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,doiedwards,"Waouwww,what a great game, what a pleasure to achieve the puzzles (nevertheless, there was one mechanics of the ""garden"" that my mouse did not allow me to perform, so I spent time turning around, ...).For those who are reading me, this game was like going home after school and eat/appreciate candies (I do not know if people will follow my point), I really enjoyed each step of the game: not too hard, not too easy, and you always want to know what is going to happen. And I have a poor-performing pc, but still the world was still appreciable in low texture (I am not look for ultra high resolution and Overambitious graphics, just good puzzles). Again, what a satisfaction when you start to understand by yourself the mechanics of the world that surrounds you. I know that most of the people who will read will not understand, but for me each step forward, each progression was delicious. Dear Developers, are you planning a Quern 2? (By the way, Samantha, what are these coordinates?) I WANT MORE PUZZLES, PLEASE!"
76561198113689407,Recommended,512790,28671720,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Oichea,"There are already a lot of reviews, but I still want to say a few things about the game.Keep in mind: This review is my opinion and can differ from yours/others.I really loved this game, because the whole atmosphere of the game reminded me of the myst games that I used to love as a child. It clearly visible that these original games were an inspiration for this game.The puzzles were pretty hard, just like in the original myst games, and might even get frustrating sometimes if you're not used to those. However, I do think that being able to solve these puzzles is a huge satisfaction and it feels so much better than if the puzzles were easier. Something I also loved was the fact that puzzles/ideas can be reused, which I thought was quite an experience.Quern is also a longer game than you might think after a few minutes and even hours. At one point I thought that the game was almost done, having done most of the puzzles in the area, but than a new section opened up full with more puzzles.If you can handle the game on high settings it is a stunning piece of work, even on the lowest it looks pretty impresive. However, that is if you can. Quern is pretty heavy on your computer and mine could just handle it as its lowest settings. This is something you should keep in mind. If your computer can handle the graphical demands then don't buy it. The lag will pretty much ruin the experience of exploring and puzzles in which you have to move something.Some of the other reviews mentioned a very linear story and I have to agree that that is true. The game really wants you to solve most of the puzzles in a particular order. However, I do not think this is really a bad thing., but might make you backtrack a few times to find old puzzles that you couldn't do and have to remember where they were. It's not that bad, but if you really don't like a mostly linear game, then this might not be the game for you.What as the biggest letdown for me was actually the conclusion of the story. The voice over work was pretty good and nice to listen to. I found the story not the most amazing story, but still a pleasure to unravel. The story was building up to the end, but I thought didn't conclude the story well. Both the endings weren't really satisfying and left to guess if what you did was any good at all with both of them.Overal I still do recommend this game if you are a fan of the original myst and would like to play some myst-like games. If you're not sure after reading this and other reviews then you might be better off waiting for it to go into sale."
76561198052305101,Recommended,512790,28745377,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,JimBob,This game is brilliant.I have played all the games of this type that I can find and this is one of the best.It did have me beat a few times but that is better than being too easy.I kept thinking it was about to end but then it amazed me even more.Well done to the devs.
76561198041905203,Recommended,512790,30087392,Posted: 21 February,all,La Bobby,"For those who loved ""Myst"" I strongly suggest Quern ! It's a fantastic brain teaser and it's just hard enough to tickle your brain cells without letting you with a feeling of helplessness. I had to use some help from the discussion forum, but just enough to receive a hint to keep me on the right track.  I simply love it (I'm not at the end, for now ... I guess I don't want to finish it because ... well ... then it will be finished along with the fun). I'm sure I'll replay it with pleasure. I hope there will be a sequel ! Thanks to all the members of the team !"
76561197971393383,Recommended,512790,31022888,Posted: 8 April,all,Urban_Prone,I want moar !Patiently waiting for the sequel.
76561197993759980,Recommended,512790,31762556,Posted: 14 May,all,Mr Ugly,"As a huge Myst fan I must say this is the best Myst game ever...and it's not even Myst. Puzzles weren't insanely difficult or contrived. No pixel hunting. Clues were fair. Not too much reading, and most of it was narrated anyway (this removes a lot of frustration right there)10/10  Best game I've played in ages. Bring on Quern 2, I'll be in that queu"
76561197982582072,Recommended,512790,29212692,Posted: 12 January,all,BartyBumFluff,Quite simply fantastic. This game is worth every penny. The puzzles can be quite challenging but stick with it coz its so satisfying and rewarding when you solve them.
,Recommended,512790,30841306,Posted: 30 March,all,TheAridion,"Really enjoyed this game. Reminded me a ton of the old Myst games, which is precisely why I bought it. The world building is great, and the puzzles are fun and difficult. If you like these kinds of games, you will love this game."
76561198003582688,Recommended,512790,30963040,Posted: 5 April,all,Sageypoo,Incredible! Highly recommended for puzzle enthusiasts! Perfect to play with a friend over Skype too!
76561197991203805,Recommended,512790,31124244,Posted: 13 April,all,Loser,"Excellent game, glad I picked it up."
,Recommended,512790,31292993,Posted: 22 April,all,aelly,"Fantastic puzzle game. Puzzles are not too hard and not too easy.There's a lot of puzzles to solve. Music sets a nice atmosphere and is actually decent. Voice acting is okay, graphics are great. It took me around 9-10 hours to finish the game, which I think is a fine amount of time for a game of this price.Definitely give this a try if you like puzzle games."
,Recommended,512790,33159049,Posted: 2 July,all,zAzQ,"A great gameBeautiful quality, great storyline and awesome puzzlesMakes me want to play even moreBut be aware, theese puzzles is extremely hard"
,Recommended,512790,33757546,Posted: 23 July,all,Finn,"Absolutely fantastic game. If games like Myst or Riven leave you with an insatiable itch that needs scratching, Quern will get that spot for you.For a little while, at least. I'm incredibly excited for whatever sequels come out of this memorable game."
76561198009714835,Recommended,512790,34520282,Posted: 26 August,all,Garth,"Honestly I found this game astounding.  I have been a fan of puzzle games with a good world since playing myst, and this is probably my favorite game in that genre in the last decade.  I cannot reccomend this game enough."
,Recommended,512790,29235344,Posted: 13 January,all,Yirsi,"I'll keep this review rather short:Really good game so far. Definetly reminds me of Myst.Great puzzles. Not too hard, not too easy.Appealing Graphics and pretty scenery.Also the story seems kind of interesting.All in all a game worth buying in my opinion"
76561198348217493,Recommended,512790,34618498,Posted: 30 August,all,allisonlhamilton,"Very reminiscent of Myst, but I felt like it lasted longer.  It has a wide variety of puzzles that keep it interesting, but none felt overly difficult or nonsensical."
76561197970653174,Recommended,512790,31249350,Posted: 19 April,all,tran_fors,"First things first:1) This is a good, usually tough puzzle game.2) This game is merciless in its lack of tutorializing the player.So, expect to be confused a lot, and then smack yourself in the head.  (there's a cpl that are stupid-tough, but most are actually very fair, once you grok the clues)Okay, with that out of the way, let's get down to brass tacks:Pros:* Very good puzzles.* Decent plot, though it's not entirely self-consistent.* Pretty graphics.* Active developers who are open to improving the game, as long as you aren't a jerk.Cons:* Some of the puzzles can appear to have several answers, if you haven't found ALL the clues. (HINT: Thestone wheelpuzzle has a hint halfway across the 1st world)Side notes:* Either the puzzles near the end of the game are just easier, or maybe I just learned to think like the game's devs.* The game has an ""alternate mouse"" mode - right click.  It's currently needed in one puzzle, to lift alever.Summary:If you like puzzle games, and don't mind not having answers handed to you, get it."
,Recommended,512790,28191061,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,LimEJET,"Brilliant Myst-like puzzler in a contiguous world with clever puzzle reuse mechanics that makes everything feel connected.It's a bit on the performance-heavy side, but low graphics kind of enhances the classic first-person edventure game feel."
76561198321490143,Recommended,512790,28218502,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,fredvandertak,Great game a must have for adventure games  lovers
76561198052983420,Recommended,512790,30015121,Posted: 18 February,all,tennants44,"An excellent game!!   If you liked Myst and Riven, you will love Quern."
76561198053137221,Recommended,512790,28259307,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,martinarscott,"Awesome game, it's been quite a long time since I felt gutted to have finished a game like I did this one, wish it could have gone on for longer, that said, it took myself and my wife 17hrs to complete so it certainly wasn't short, far from it, excellent value for money I'd say. Very much like Riven as far as the puzzles go, in fact I'd say this game was significantly better than Obduction which is the recent release from the makers of Myst and Riven.We did find that on 4 occasions we had to seek online help having got totally stuck and having found out what to do thought 'We'd never have thought of that'. Given that we completed Riven without any assistance at all I'm not entirely sure whether that indicates the puzzles/use of objects were just a tad too obscure on those occasions or whether we've just worn our brains out over the intermediate years !!Anyway, if you like puzzle games this is an absolute must buy, very absorbing, great graphics and game play, just a brilliant game all round. Hope they bring out a sequel, if they do I'll be first in line !"
,Recommended,512790,28713893,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Wakinashi,"The Quern is one of those games that forces you to focus and slow down. Quern is ""one of those"" games in which you will need paper and pen to take notes while playing, if you want move forvard. Quern does't hold your hand, so you need to read, watch and listen carefuly while discovering  game story line. Quern gives you a nice experience of rich and complicated puzzles and when you solve every single one of these puzzles you will be satisfied - just be patient, take your notes and think...For me Quern was a truly pleasant ""comeback"" to games like legendary Myst or Obduction.... In game graphics are also very very nice...Music is simply great as well as island world and every single location is briliantly designed. With every single hour I was like  ""o yeah, just give me more :) ""...Putting it all together Quern is a ""must have"", just take your time and try it."
,Recommended,512790,29111438,Posted: 8 January,all,Gaffes Goldblum Premium,"Compelled to write a review as this game was just incredible. Clever puzzles with a fantastic level of difficulty and a generous length for the price point. Highly, HIGHLY recommended for any Myst fans."
76561198042821778,Recommended,512790,29480741,Posted: 25 January,all,MichaelSaniyan,"Fantastic puzzle game. It's just that simple. Each puzzle is distinct and the environment is used in tons of clever ways, and the lore of the world gives good context for them.The puzzles aren't as lore-dependent as in the Mystery games, which is both a good and a bad thing. But they stand on their own for sure. Plus, there is no pixel hunting in this game. Everything is laid out in plain sight, and I rarely felt frustrated or stuck.A gem. Get it."
,Recommended,512790,29531521,Posted: 27 January,all,jaimie2i,"Quern is a gem of a game - an atmospheric first-person puzzler with visuals, music, story and difficult puzzles on par with games like Myst, Portal and The Talos Principle.  I love this genre of game, and I'd rate Quern as one of the best first-person puzzlers I've ever played.I hope that the developers continue to make more games, or maybe even a sequel.  We need more puzzle games of this calibre."
,Recommended,512790,29766297,Posted: 7 February,all,3D-Storm,I bought this game on a whim because of the positve reviews. I was able to beat the game in about 20 hours. This was an awesome game with challenging puzzles.
,Recommended,512790,29870432,Posted: 12 February,all,Madsfeldt,"Very good, quite difficult puzzle game with an alright story, but a very nice setting. Recommended for those who like to just sit back and relax while working out the puzzles."
,Recommended,512790,32325766,Posted: 10 June,all,pieroveras | Donate Nova Skins!,"A Myst-like game, Quern is just a fantastic puzzle game that, similar to other open-world (ish) puzzle games, it really makes you think out of the box. The puzzle mechanics are clear and simple, yet combine for quite complex puzzles at times. All in all, the game is very enjoyable, as is the lore. Despite multiple endings, there's not much replayability for the game.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,512790,33489563,Posted: 12 July,all,dane.k.larson,"Quern's puzzles are challenging and satisfying without being infuriating. Some are also revisited in surprising ways throughout the game, lending a strong sense of cohesion and progression. The designs are consistently beautiful and extremely detailed. It's hard to believe that this is the company's first major project."
76561197992199672,Recommended,512790,33527741,Posted: 13 July,all,workingmatt,"Fantastic.  Enough said.Completely in the vein of Myst, Riven, etc.  Possibly BETTER.I only hope the devs don't stop here, and give us more!"
,Recommended,512790,34214735,Posted: 13 August,all,Kain067,"A phenomenal intellectual and artistic experience. I had to look at a hint guide 3 or 4 times when I was stuck and didn't even know where the next thing I could do was, but overall the puzzles are logical, difficult, and fair. Story and environment are both excellent, and rival Cyan in their prime. Definitely get it!"
76561198031398157,Recommended,512790,35362191,Posted: 30 September,all,AlansAcolyte,"Best myst-like I've played. Music is great, the puzzles are great, and the clever use of context clues help reduce the worst of puzzle games when you have no idea how to progress for an extended length of time. This happened to me twice, and to give anyone who tries this a tip make sure to check your items (and letters) in your inventory when you get them. It also helps to play the whole thing in a week- I took an extended break and forgot an important detail for later.The only negative I have are some artifacts of the translation, like some run-on sentences and weird constructions. Still, it's great to have most of the text narrated. The game is also quite a good looker and I had no performance issues. The only noticeable graphical issue was some pop-in from distant islands. This game deserves much more attention and I look forward to any future puzzle games from Zadbox."
76561198153481056,Recommended,512790,29289181,Posted: 15 January,all,navycommander,"Ever since those of us who like exploration/puzzle adventures played Myst, we have been seeking its equal - and Quern is a contender to displace Myst and become the new standard.  There is an interesting story, some really ingenious puzzles that are fun to solve (and they fit into the story), the graphics are beautiful, the music haunting, and most of all, there is a lot to explore in a seemingly small space.  Like ROOM, the world of Quern unfolds into more and more levels as you solve puzzles, but you get there by just opening doors rather than using the Myst artifice of book linking.  A very nice touch that puzzles are re-used.  There are also a couple of endings to choose from.  All in all a solid effort and a fantastic contribution to the genre.  I will now be seeking Quern eqiuvalents!Most of the puzzles can be figured out with some decent thought - it is nice being able to think ""what would I really do in this situation"" and have that work.  There are a few times I found myself a bit stumped about what next to do, and typically all I needed to do was visit everywhere I'd been, and think about what I had on hand in inventory and how it might be used, or things I had seen previously that seemed to have no immediate purpose.  Everything has a purpose.My toughest times were figuring out where to aim the lighthouse light and with which crystal,  the inverse of the puzzle with the concentric circle segments, and figuring out how to get to the second story of the lab - I did need to get help a few times - but once I got underground below the tower I sailed on through without any issues.This was fun in the purest exploration/puzzle adventure sense.  Highly recommended for fans of the genre."
76561198345100320,Recommended,512790,29909892,Posted: 13 February,all,antonio_xara,"Thanks for this Game.  For roughly 20 years i had no such fun playing a game.  My first experience with adventure games was TimeLapse and it changed the way i looked at games.  I discovered Myst later and of course it was awesome, but that first feeling of finding a solution for a very inteligent puzzle was so refreshing i can't describe.  The closest thing i have now is Quern, after 20 odd years and having now 42!  I played Obduction before this one..Hell.. I bought a gaming PC just for that... but something was missing.  Obviously, i enjoyed playing that game, but something was missing.  I found it with Quern:  clever puzzles, mistic envoironment, no dialogue...  Hey, all the good stuff.A big shout out for the creators.  Hope, just like the creators of ""the room"", you will continue to create games even better than this one (although i realize it is very hard)!"
,Recommended,512790,31058476,Posted: 10 April,all,Stone Cold Jane Austen,"Quern is an excellent first-person puzzle adventure, with obvious parallels to Myst - you arrive without explanation on a mysterious island with nobody else on it, and a series of puzzles to solve.The puzzles are pleasingly varied, and as far as I can tell none of them require external knowledge to solve. At no time did I feel the solutions were arbitrary or otherwise ""unfair"". My only real complaint about the puzzles is that (with a couple of exceptions) the solutions aren't randomised, so notes from one playthrough will still be valid the next time around.The visuals are pleasing, and while the dusty palette may be a bit much at first, there are always at least splashes of colour, and it definitely changes up towards the end. The architectural and mechanical design is excellent, and the mechanisms you interact with have a pleasing clunkiness to them.There is one scene that may affect people prone to motion sickness, but it is mercifully brief, not interactive, and does not repeat, so if you are susceptible then merely looking away from the screen for 20-30 seconds will get you through.If you like the Myst series or Obduction then this game is for you. Personally I'd rate it as better than any of those individual offerings, the only aspect in which it comes off worse is lore, but then again Myst had a whole series to build its universe. I hope the developer Zadbox is able to make a sequel, I'd love to see more of their work."
,Recommended,512790,31262947,Posted: 20 April,all,sparkyarmadillo,"A near-perfect puzzle game. Gorgeous, compelling, challenging, intuitive-- it's got everything you ever loved about Myst and Riven, only without all the random clicking those required. The music is beautiful, the sound effects are spot-on, and some of the reveals are simply breathtaking. I spent a lovely 24 hours enjoying this masterpiece.The only thing that got to me after a while was the inconsistent grammar in the letters and especially the subtitles; why go through the trouble of the excellent voice acting if you're not going to properly edit the text to match? Makes it feel like the game was either not made by native English speakers or wasn't run through a simple grammar check before release."
,Recommended,512790,32535783,Posted: 18 June,all,Mendhak,"Very smooth graphics, I fully recommend playing this at Ultra settings.The best part, IMO, is the level design - most of the game takes place in one area/island and there's quite a bit of revisiting.  Unlike other puzzle-worlds, it doesn't have large spaces dedicated to one puzzle, instead the areas here have been designed with repeatability and reuse without feeling boring; each discovery adds something new to the world.The voice acting is quite good, and add to the back-story of the place.  The music lends to the great atmosphere, it's just the right amount without being at the foreground.And of course the puzzles are rewarding - some of them you will struggle with but pay attention to everything you see, and do revisit places from time to time.Nitpicking negative - spelling mistakes in several letters"
,Recommended,512790,33303577,Posted: 6 July,all,Voltage,"My god, I honestly have no clue what to say about this game. It is really just amazing. I'm not one to play many single player games and have fun, but this game had me hooked for 12 hours straight, start to finish. You might be thinking ""well, only 12 hours of gameplay for a $25 game?,"" but trust me, it is worth every penny and then some. I also used a couple guides to help me through some puzzles that I could not figure out, so I'm sure it would have taken much longer if I did it all on my own. But again, what a truly amazing game. 10/10"
76561198147336090,Recommended,512790,28206961,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Releeshahn,when I first saw this game on steam my immediate thought was that cyan the maker of myst and more recently obduction had already released THIS game too! The puzzles are mostly hard and you probably need 2 playing this game as on my own I had to resort to the walkthrough too many times for it to be enjoyable really.  The graphics are good the voice actors are good and the music and the  imaginary locations /buildings that has been put into this game is amazing without those  things  theI  would'nt recommend this game. my review at first was really praising but when I realised that I would probably be spending too long a time just doing ONE puzzle and possibly never without the walkthrough my opinion of this game changed so I am going to say I only JUST about give this game a thumbs up.
76561198042061772,Recommended,512790,29622451,Posted: 31 January,all,Bill4364,"The game is ridiculously well done.  I loved obduction, but to me this was a better successor to Myst."
,Recommended,512790,29179878,Posted: 11 January,all,Rydia,"This game is honestly the best Myst-like game I have ever played.  In fact, I hesitate to even compare this to Myst as it shines in its own way (and, in my opinion, is even better).  The difficulty of the game is less that than of Myst, but the sense of accomplishment is just as strong.  And the puzzles are incredibly clever and well-thought out, with only one or two in the game feeling remotely ""random"" or hard to figure out.Pros:> Interactible objects> Tying story pieces into the puzzles themselves> An *amazing* narrative> Stunning scenery, especially in high-res> Puzzles are well-done and rack your brain without feeling repetitive or random> Very uniqueCons:> I did get stuck one or two times, unable to figure out how to continue.  This is a problem in almost every Myst-like game, and it's actually fairly minimal, but I felt it should be pointed out.> Loading times may vary; I have a very fast machine, and the loading screen occasionally stalled on me.  The game never froze, however.Overall, I give the game 10/10, and i would give it higher if I could.  Please buy this if you are a fan of walking simulator puzzle games; you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,512790,29330985,Posted: 17 January,all,Tarrant,"I'd planned on writing a full review tonight, but I was too busy playing and now it's late.Short version for now: Highly recommended. Brilliant game, diverse+interesting puzzles, deceptively long, very challenging but not insane, illogical or frustrating. It's all I've been doing after work since I bought it, and that'll probably be the case until I beat it. Worth every penny."
76561198083251614,Recommended,512790,29794357,Posted: 8 February,all,desertdenizen,"Are you looking for a challenging puzzle game? Don't mind jotting diagrams in your notebook? Don't mind wandering alone, pulling your hair out, trying to figure out the next step?  This game is for you.  I took my time, had to get a few hints online. I was truly sad when it was over, and am sure I will play it again.  Fantastic game, guys!  The only problem is, now nothing else compares!  There's no question about it, you'll just have to grace us with Quern II.  If there's a kickstarter for it, I'm in!IF YOU LOVE PUZZLES, AND WANT MY VOTE?  BUY IT!And I'd be remiss to not mention the music -- it suits the game perfectly, and I loved it, too (bought the soundtrack for my work playlist)."
76561198029353032,Recommended,512790,33492232,Posted: 12 July,all,CysteicAcid,brilliant game
,Recommended,512790,29382240,Posted: 20 January,all,Scickar,"Incredible puzzle game. Tough at times, doesn't hold your hand, but I loved every second of it."
,Recommended,512790,29557230,Posted: 28 January,all,Greveholm,"'Quern - Undying Thoughts' is a very atmospheric game, set in a gorgeous environment with witty puzzles to solve - which can be very tough at times. Paying attention to your surroundings is essential - both for solving the puzzles and for understanding what has been going on. The game has a very intriguing story and you are often presented with historical facts, which help you understand it all even more.If you happen to get stuck, the soothing soundtrack calms eventual frustration. I gladly wander around aimlessly for hours in this (literally) timeless world."
76561198072244015,Recommended,512790,32750066,Posted: 24 June,all,Shade,"Really enjoyed this game! There were a few puzzles that had me scratching my head for hours, but so long as you pay close attention to details, most of the puzzles aren't too difficult.Others have had problems with lag but I never dropped below 30 fps and my computer is over 5 years old.Story was simplistic, but interesting. Hoping there will be a sequel."
,Recommended,512790,34366992,Posted: 19 August,all,AdmiralAckbrah,Really enjoyed this game.  Always on the lookout for good puzzle games (genre has a lot of mediocre titles) and this is definitely a great one.
,Recommended,512790,34849853,Posted: 9 September,all,Chaddy-Whack,"Growing up, I remember playing the original Myst and all of its sequels and taking the time to understand all of the puzzles, consider all of the good and bad endings, and generally explore as much as I could. I remember agonizing over some of the choices about who was good or evil, and even with the old postage stamps graphics I still find the original game beautiful and compelling.I didn't necessarily get that with Quern. It is a beautiful game and very much follows the Cyan idiom of worlds that have just the right combo of realistic and implausible details to force you to think how the game wants you to. However, the storyline felt a bit forced at times. The puzzles were a mix. In the beginning, some of them are stupidly hard or just feel like you're running around to fill up time, but the final few puzzles feel very simple (although I can't say I've ever needed to do algebra in a puzzle game before).Overall, I think it's a fun game that's worthwhile to play, if nothing else than for the pretty visuals and immersive soundtrack, but maybe try to grab it on sale if you don't necessarily have nostalgic memories of this genre."
76561198114904514,Recommended,512790,32165358,Posted: 3 June,all,gonecaving,Miss Myst? This is your game. Buy it.
,Recommended,512790,28335418,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Acromat,"This game was my hidden gem of 2016. I started off marveling at the beautiful design of The Witness, then later ticked off a bucket list item by beating a Cyan game (Obduction), but I just couldn't get enough of these amazing first-person adventure puzzle games. Such a niche genre, but my favorite by far. So it was my surprise when browsing Steam to find Quern - a wonderfully designed and challenging title for an awesome price.Are there frustrating areas? Absolutely, but every puzzle is rewarding, and it's always wonderful when you have that Eureka moment. There's no hand-holding. You're on your own, so this will test your noggin' for sure.If you're looking for a hidden gem, I highly recommend Quern."
76561198242153560,Recommended,512790,30781602,Posted: 27 March,all,Killgar,It's a high quality Myst-like experience.  I've been waiting for ages to find a game that does it right (though I have not played Obduction yet).  I'm super impressed with this one.
76561198201543890,Recommended,512790,30777071,Posted: 27 March,all,WK2Trailhawk,Outstanding. If you liked any of the Cyan products then you will absolutely love this game. Can't wait for the next release from these guys. Hat's off.
76561197996023517,Recommended,512790,28189387,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,etukeno,"Best puzzle game ever!!! Also one of the best games I have played.Really clever, enjoyable and variable puzzles, I really like these odd machines with many controllable parts. Also one big sellig point for me is that there is free WASD movement and that I can control puzzle mechanics without locking camera.This is just the type of puzzle game I have been looking for ages, and I mean PUZZLE game, not some walking simulator with pulling some ""puzzle"" lever sometimes in right order.13.7h clocked  when writing this and there seems to be plenty more puzzles to solve."
76561198186724419,Recommended,512790,29524396,Posted: 27 January,all,hjim,So far Quern is the best Myst-like game I have encountered !   Even beats Obduction.   Nice to not dying hunreds of deaths or need lightning-fast reflexes. Why are brain-teasing games so rare ?   I really hope for a new game from the developers.
76561198049253287,Recommended,512790,30967952,Posted: 5 April,all,alan.trewartha,"If you like games that leave you with bits of paper covered in your own scrawled glyphs as you try to puzzle it all out, go for it. There's perhaps TWO too many variants on ""yet another combination lock"", but they are all ingenious and different in their own way.Just as you start to think the environment has been a bit samey for long enough and you've explored all there is, a new, long, end-game opens up with new visual treats and a variety of ambient areas to explore.I only needed a couple of mild hints to get through it, very satisfyingly.My wish is that the team make another game with exactly the same engine and devious puzzle mindset. Then they can take more money from me."
76561198050085494,Recommended,512790,33092018,Posted: 1 July,all,anxietydecending,"I liked most of thisBUTsometimes there are logical leaps you are expected to make but you won't know you have to make them.Fortunately it is the current year and video guides are available, but if they weren't I suspect you would be doing the old point and click trick of rubbing everything against everything else until a solution appeared."
,Recommended,512790,32205129,Posted: 5 June,all,TheEvilGaming,This is the best puzzel game ever made!!!  well done zadbox entertainment
76561198025180098,Recommended,512790,30626933,Posted: 19 March,all,sidlow,My wife and I played this (being big fans of the Myst franchise). If you like that sort of thing then we'd definitely recommend this.
76561198008228622,Recommended,512790,28080933,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,morosevacuum,"Great game. Awesome soundtrack, challenging puzzles, moody atmosphere. Very relaxing. In game v-sync would be nice in an update. Crimson doesn't seem to apply it and the game doesn't launch with Radeon Pro running (possible 64bit issue in RP?). Other than that the game runs extremely well and looks amazing to boot."
76561198009337628,Recommended,512790,33210841,Posted: 3 July,all,jondayz,"If you like puzzles, it's the best I've ever played.  You will need hints along the way, there are just some parts that would take you 2-3 hours to figure out without looking up a tip.  It's a master's level puzzle game for sure, but absolutely amazingly well done.Edit: When I wrote this I thought I was an hour from the end, I was really about 4 hours away. Definitely a long game, awesome all the way until the end.  I wish I could forget it all and do it again. One of the best games ever made."
76561198018042499,Recommended,512790,33641555,Posted: 18 July,all,mabd,"Amazing atmosphere, puzzles and soundtrack. The puzzles are very intuitive and rewarding to figure out. Pretty good story and voice acting as well. When I bought Quern I thought I'd probably like it, but it surprised me by quickly becoming one of my favorite games in a long time. It's also pretty long, I lost count of the times I was sure I was near the end just to be presented with another area/puzzle. If you're a Myst fan like me you owe it to yourself to play this."
,Recommended,512790,33654441,Posted: 19 July,all,jOrA,"Quern is a decent puzzle game. This game looks very good and offers lots of different types of puzzles to solve and a story with multiple endings to discover.To solve puzzles you need to always look around as the solutionalwaysmost of the timeslies somewhere near the puzzle. You also pick up items which might be a puzzle as well. You need them to solve future puzzles. It doesn't tell directly which items belong to which puzzles as it's an open world game, but each item in your inventory have two hints which don't provide you with a solution but at least give you an idea.There is only one bad thing I found in the game - you can get stuck in textures especially near the shore and fences, but it's a minor negative.If you love puzzle games and you good at it get it, it's a nice game which won't be too easy althoughif you're not as experienced in puzzle games don't get it.It might be your worst nightmare as puzzles are actually hard andthere is little guidancein the game, it's more like figure out yourself."
76561197963324527,Recommended,512790,29261984,Posted: 14 January,all,BlessedCupcake,"It has been a long time since I've played a challenging and immersive adventure game that has pulled me in the way Quern has done. I will not compare, but everything in the Myst Universe always felt like home to me, and Quern made me feel that way again. But they are still two completely different games with their own unique personalities.The puzzles have story and a reason behind them, they are not just thrown in for the sake of having something to solve. But what I really loved was the length of the game (roughly 19 hours for me), and at the end I felt like it could even become a great game series.If you are a long-time adventure gamer, and particularly an ol' time D'ni explorer like myself, you'll fall in love with Quern instantly. Finding yourself stranded on mysterious islands has never been more exciting. :)"
,Recommended,512790,29968404,Posted: 16 February,all,Feraligatr Lvl. 100,"Really good game. If you even remotely like puzzle games I would reccomend this. Even with Steam sales happening all the time, I paid the full price for this game and I would pay it again."
76561197999471542,Recommended,512790,30107676,Posted: 22 February,all,Dragos Ra,"Nice relaxing music, lots of challenging and detailed technical puzzles, some of them quite difficult and had to look for help.But definitely worth the money.Minor remark about the crystals: they would look much better if they would be transparent."
76561198116921356,Recommended,512790,30502268,Posted: 13 March,all,nunya.87,Excellent game! Myst-like through and through.
,Recommended,512790,31264867,Posted: 20 April,all,SaNDWiCH SLiCeS,It was ok. Puzzles were for the most part fair and fun. Story started aff interesting then became kinda boring.
,Recommended,512790,31622827,Posted: 8 May,all,HankDazzle,"An excellent adventure game!Pros:Much longer than I expected. Definitely worth the money. Artwork is fantastic as well as the score. Voice acting is also great.Cons:Odd use of tools as set pieces. Often times I felt I should be able to acquire or use something when it turned out to just be scenery. At times this really didn't make sense, like the ladder near the blacksmith area or various tools scattered throughout Quern.The game could really use a progressive hint system. One part in particular (finding the last shard to open a safe) was more difficult than I expected. A very gentle hint provided by the game is much better than me trying to isolate one small part of a walkthrough and avoid spoilers."
76561197988255146,Recommended,512790,33210260,Posted: 3 July,all,Verron,"I had a great time solving the puzzles and going through the story of this game!  There were a few puzzles that could have been better, I'm looking at you crystal frequency puzzle, but overall they were engaging and though provoking!  Very similar to Myst and Obduction, so if you're into these style puzzle games this one won't dissapoint!"
76561197993760156,Recommended,512790,29184970,Posted: 11 January,all,Aspekt,"This game is so very well done.I love games like Myst, Riven, the Room. This takes it all to the next generation really well - if you're into puzzle solving exploration games, don't miss out on this one!"
76561197965122653,Recommended,512790,29430638,Posted: 22 January,all,dave,"A solid Myst-like that gives the player a lot of puzzles to solve and a pretty environment to explore. Yes, you will be spending a fair amount of time wandering around and wondering what to do next, and you will find yourself with a growing inventory of whatzits of unclear purpose. For me, this was part of the charm. The framerates can be all over the place and the default motion blur setting is unpleasant on my system, but tastes differ. It's still a lot of game for a good price."
,Recommended,512790,29452745,Posted: 23 January,all,Rubin110,"Really really pretty, wonderful music. Some of the puzzles bring back memories at being frustrated at Riven, really challenging and creative. However ultimately what killed it for me with this game was how linear the story and game play are. Generally if you're stuck with a puzzle, you can't just stop and go attempt to solve another puzzle elsewhere. You must complete that puzzle to get to the next one.I'm still very happy I paid for it and am supporting developers in this genre of games, and glad I ultimately finished it."
,Recommended,512790,29476500,Posted: 24 January,all,WITNESS ME,"After playing through Quern, I can say without a doubt that it holds its own against the big Myst style games of 2016 (The Witness and Obduction). I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys puzzles and Myst-style games. The fact that this is the first game from a small team of young developers is incredibly impressive."
76561198039665871,Recommended,512790,29621324,Posted: 31 January,all,cam957,Great Game if you like puzzles/ myst type games. Worth the money.
76561198163198563,Recommended,512790,29650525,Posted: 2 February,all,Eco,Takes me back to Myst.  Great Game
76561198126592129,Recommended,512790,29945920,Posted: 15 February,all,StereoCat,"Quern in an amazing game!!! If you like games like Myst, you must play this game!!!This game has a great story with a great mystery à la Myst that you discover as you progress, it has brilliant puzzles, great progression and amazing level design. I just finished it and I can say that this game is now my favorite game in the Myst style of games! Like other games in this style there's a lot of running back and forth, but since the game is well designed and you can run fast enough it never gets annoying as it once did in classic like Riven.The only downsides to this game is that it's still a little buggy, like it will sometimes throw you up in the air if you walk to close to some objects, and the music isn't good. I guess the music is a personal preference, but I found it really annoying and turned it off to listen to other games' soundtracks after a while.But don't let those downsides keep you away from this game. It really is a brilliant game and for me it is the new standard for this type of games! It really is that good!"
,Recommended,512790,29956273,Posted: 15 February,all,sswskalicia,The work of a true Genius.The game itself is an excellent work.
76561198024941651,Recommended,512790,30045053,Posted: 19 February,all,nomi02118,"If you like Myst, you will like Quern. It’s basically an updated version of the old game. The artwork, puzzles, and music is all VERY similar. That, however, is not a criticism in the least bit. While the puzzles are not so integrated into the story as in the games that inspired it, they are more than delightful enough to work your way through. Some of the set pieces are stunning and even surprising. For an independently produced video game, the creators really made a huge effort to impress and they do.The game play is very simple, but not without quirks and even a few bugs. You can take notes but the resolution is low and they are not really much help. Pen and paper will be needed. I got stuck at one point and contacted the developer and they were great in helping me. Yes, it was a bug and when it couldn’t be fixed immediately they sent me a file taking place just after the puzzle needing to be solved so I could continue. We are talking only several hours before I was back to the game again.Speaking of puzzles, I like solving them to a certain degree but after a time a few get tiresome and I just look at a walk through to get past them. Same thing is there are millions of steps, and Quern does have several puzzles that require far too much back and forth for my tastes. I play these things to relax, not get aggravated and frustrated so I feel perfectly justified in « cheating » when it keeps me from getting angry at the game.The story is bare bones, typical puzzle adventure game stuff. Well thought out - but not eye opening or too surprising. Like the game it pays homage to, there is a choice to make at the end but unlike that game, the choice does not really change the ultimate outcome. That’s about all I can say without being too spoiler-y. I did hit a small bug at the end that made me think I had really screwed myself, but it cleared up. (A door that was open was closed but turning around and going back it was suddenly open again.)Pros:Great artwork, music, structure, supportCons:a couple bugs, no built in hints (which I think are essential for this sort of game) a weak ending.* I would also liked to have the chance to just walk around the environment, like the old Cyan games did after finishing the story and be able to discover little hidden places and extras that don’t affect the game in any way. That is a lot to ask for in indie project, though.WillI I buy an almost certain sequel? Absolutely! After accomplishing so much with this, I imagine the developers will only get better and produce something even more intriguing."
,Recommended,512790,32085062,Posted: 31 May,all,Noosriah,"This game was fantastic. Truly challenging and rewarding.PROS:- Great puzzles- Beautiful scenery- Creative use of space and surroundings- Unique notepad feature- Intriguing plotCONS:- One of the puzzles was a bit nonsensical. Had to look up the solution and was a bit frustrated with the logic behind it.- Ending was anti-climactic- Notepad feature ended up not being as useful as just having a notebook next to my computer. Having to go between opening the notebook and looking at the world was a little tedious. Plus, the sketches that the player makes blurs out the corners, often losing valuable information.This is a truly great game. Clearly a lot of thought went into it, and I look forward to playing more from the team."
,Recommended,512790,33547390,Posted: 14 July,all,Moopish Dag-bang-go,I had never heard of this game but saw it during a sale and it kinda reminded me of Riven which is probably my favorite Myst game because of the aesthetics so this was a very nice surprise. I am glad I have played this game; it has a great story and great puzzles. A gem out of the games I bought during the sale.
,Recommended,512790,33746140,Posted: 23 July,all,HACK THE GIBSON,"Quern is an overall fantastic game for any fan of the puzzle genre. There are a handful of puzzles throughout the game that I think are a bit silly (the types of solutions that make you roll your eyes), but the majority of the game is not like that. For the most part, it is a fun experience requiring you to use your brain to connect the dots to figure things out.There is some semblance of a story, although I did not personally find myself caring or being particularly interested in it or how things turned out.Definitely worth it if you like casual puzzle-solving games and figuring things out for the fun of it; you won't be disappointed."
76561197967112497,Recommended,512790,33803770,Posted: 26 July,all,Blaedmon,"Incredible adventure game with amazing puzzles. Some are very, very, difficult but persevere - its worth it. From the graphics, 3d assets, sound, music, puzzle programming, its all exemplary. This is what we've been searching for since Myst and Riven. Well worth the time and money. Do yourself a favour."
,Recommended,512790,34117085,Posted: 8 August,all,TRYER,Recommend this to true fans of Myst Island Map and Myst 3 Exile puzzles.Completed in 11 out of 18 hours. Worth $30. 4 out of 5 Stars
,Recommended,512790,34095194,Posted: 7 August,all,aradapilot,"An excellent Cyan-esque puzzle adventure game. Great variety, and a great world. If you're into the genre, this will be an instant favorite. A few sticky spots, but nothing that breaks the experience."
76561197985362337,Recommended,512790,34990389,Posted: 16 September,all,Velman,"Amazing production, graphics and music, The story its just ok. Some really hard puzzles.I think it's the best work after Myst/Obduction games."
,Recommended,512790,34947685,Posted: 14 September,all,Sir Spicious,"Great puzzle game. Figuring out where to go next can sometimes be a challenge, but overall very enjoyable experience."
76561197970845861,Recommended,512790,34183706,Posted: 11 August,all,srichard18,Outstanding game!  Puzzles are logical and 3D world is Myst-like!  Beautiful scenes and great storyline.
76561198050021418,Recommended,512790,35245426,Posted: 27 September,all,joe.mcgrellis,"It is categorically the best game I have played. It took all of the best elements, visual, aural, logic and observation from the Broderbund.(Robyn and Rand). Logic prevailed but I did occasionally (twice) ""luck"" out, but then that is life! The music is atmospheric and unobtrusive - perfect!No game crashes, although there was an 30 second paused when loading. I found suspending the Quern process easy and allow an almost instant continuation from Windows sleep mode.Gentle hint: Never forget to look up.Play the game with patience.If there was one thing I learned playing the Myst series, Riven etc. it was to alwaysLook behind closed doors!When stuck - take a break then come back to it.Buy it, savour it and enjoy! Then play it again."
76561197976733585,Recommended,512790,35053211,Posted: 18 September,all,Tex,"This game is sooo much better than I thought it would be. I thoroughly enjoyed it and want a sequel immediately. The puzzles were challenging but rarely 'unfair'. The only gripe I would have at the moment has to do with the location of the Alchemy lab. It's a frequented location but a bit out of the way. I would have swapped the Alchemy lab with the first main building.If you like the Myst series, this is right up your alley. Don't hesitate."
76561198340752162,Recommended,512790,35334288,Posted: 30 September,all,LoLetto,I liked the soundtrack of the trailer and so decided to give this game a shot and I was not disappointed at all. Very well done game and not very easy puzzles requiring deep thinking. If you are a stubborn like me in solving every puzzle with no hint then this game will take time.
76561198017647930,Recommended,512790,33861136,Posted: 28 July,all,ellesmess,"Simply: incredible. Really nice piece of art - beautiful graphics, music, genious puzzles; the island is used with different types of riddles, but one is still happy to go through. And I must say, many of puzzles are quite hard :). Good work. Wanna more games like that (Quern II with more about rest of the Worlds :) ?)."
,Recommended,512790,35459468,Posted: 3 October,all,McFrugal,A Myst-like puzzle game with excellent use of recurring themes.
,Recommended,512790,33145263,Posted: 2 July,all,Rick,"Challenging, with a varying difficulty - yet never too difficult for me. The storyline and soundtrack are also nice. Definitely recommended if you like puzzle games like Myst."
76561198038743484,Recommended,512790,32247244,Posted: 7 June,all,Kappetan,"I loved this game. Its probably my favorite ""myst-Like""."
,Recommended,512790,34848131,Posted: 9 September,all,torquemadaza,"An excellent game. Myst/Riven-like. Better than Obduction. The puzzles are ingenious, but never too frustrating. I appreciate the smaller gameworld which allows me to run around and test theories out, without it taking an age to get from A to B.10/10. Thoroughly recommendable. My mum, who's first game was Myst, absolutely loves it."
76561197973173473,Recommended,512790,28158311,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,sgreco1970,"Just a few hours in and continually blown away by this game. It's everything I wanted Obduction to be. I think this game is vastly superior. So enjoyable, such gorgeous graphics and excellent puzzles that make the island unfold for you like a puzzle box. Wonderful game, snatch this up at any price."
,Recommended,512790,30705709,Posted: 24 March,all,norbert,"Great game for those who love the Myst series. Very much in vain of it. The riddles are quite hard, really challenging. Absolutely recommendable."
,Recommended,512790,31066106,Posted: 10 April,all,CrazyGinge x,"As all have said before, very myst like in nature. The game started and within about two minutes of starting the game and hearing""An ancient civilisation, the Dulmar""I leaned back and thought 'Myst clone'. I changed my mind after a playthrough, very clearly myst inspired but not a carbon copy.The graphics are good (Although on lowest settings, you really shouldn't lower the resolution of letters you need to read),The puzzles are challenging and fairly rewarding (But the circular puzzle in the cave shouldn'thave you get bored and leave before you find the flag that enabled you to progress with the puzzle once it changes).The storyline is fairly weak and a bit cliche. I found myself scoffing a bit when the second character saidshe meditated on her mistakes for years and thenliterally ascended, and also found that the ending was exceptionally bad. Either of the endings left you on a complete cliffhanger (The bad kind) and your decision felt as though it had no weight.You either close the portal, or you leave it open. That's it. Close it, you get praise from floaty green lady. You don't even get a lecture from the 'bad guy'. Leave it open, and green lady says 'what have you done you monster etc etc' and floats off, leaving you to walk through the portal and meet the 'bad guy', even though it cuts to credits[ /spoiler].In conclusion, well made little game with a lot of quality puzzles, slightly soured by the disappointing storyline."
76561198137971112,Recommended,512790,33239143,Posted: 4 July,all,CornTime912,Myst 2: electric bygaloo
,Recommended,512790,31107199,Posted: 12 April,all,Andi,"I have mixed thoughts about this game.To start with: it has some really great Myst-like puzzles, the world is lovingly and intricately crafted, there's a pretty good story to it, and it's one of the better games, with the most content and longest playtime in this genre since Myst / Riven.Also, unlike Myst / Riven, the world is fully immersive and explorable in FPS style.That said... there are a number of bugs present in the game, and the creator's attitude is generally, ""Oh, well, if you're having problems running it then you should get a refund while you still can,"" instead of patching / fixing the issues.These include:• Ridiculously low framerate on pretty well spec'd computers – machines that have no problem running most modern games(I got around this by reducing the resolution to 720p 4:3, running it windowed as it doesn't seem to adjust the native monitor resolution when you change the resolution and it's scaling function eats frames like crazy, and decreasing the texture quality to low - which is still gorgeous, but problematic... and even then I only could get 25fps when I was lucky)• Certain important text (letters in the game that need to be read, for instance, and other clues) are rendered impossible to read on the Low texture setting, whereas others of the same kind read just fine at that texture setting(Got around this by temporarily bumping the texture quality to high when I had to read them)• Sometimes, usually when switching lantern-like items or between notes and normal views, a high-gain bloom effect pops on that renders all text illegible and details difficult to see(Requires a restart of the game to fix)• The XBOX 360 controller, as connected to my Mac by the standardized 360Controller driver, is mapped incorrectly and there's no function in the game to remap(Had to play with touchpad and keyboard)Etc. etc. etc.So I do recommend this game, but please take note of these problems, and the creator's attitude in general towards bugs in their game.(Fwiw, I returned the game on Steam and bought it on GoG, because I couldn't abide by a 14-day return policy when the game was running so poorly I didn't know if I'd be able to complete it.  I did manage, in the end, and am keeping it.)"
,Recommended,512790,33825451,Posted: 26 July,all,Selkie,"Overall a good game. Story is decent at best but the visuals are good, puzzles were just about perfect difficulty for me, maybe a tad on the easy side on average. There is nothing too extraordinary about this game but it was fun while it lasted!"
76561197970534677,Recommended,512790,30386063,Posted: 7 March,all,Jon_Solo,"This is a good first effort by a young team of Hungarian developers.As others have noted, the developers are obviously inspired by the Myst series in aesthetics and puzzle design. There are some great, inventive puzzles that challenge (especially enjoyed the green crystal bits) and the best part is that they are completely fair. I did not need a walkthrough at any point. There is an inventory system, but the items are not used in obtuse ways (like, say, using an elephant tusk to remove an electrical panel a la The Dig). The puzzles are not always easy--there are head scratchers--but they do vary in scope and difficulty, and can be satisfying to solve, which is the hallmark of a good adventure title.Reception has been mostly positive, but sober your decision to purchase this title with the knowledge this game was developed by a team of four. You will spend 3/4 of the game in the same small, drab brown area going back and forth, and back and forth. The environment gets a little more interesting past that. While there are nice puzzles, they often feel stitched together without logical justification, which doesnt help sell the world. The story is paper thin, and will do little to motivate you. Sound design is mostly good, but the soundtrack is forgetable, even grating at times (I played with the music turned off). The graphics are compentent, but generic in many spots.If you like adventure games *and* are conscious of all the shortcomings, then I would say give Quern a chance. For a first game, the team has done some good work."
76561198117056949,Recommended,512790,29035066,Posted: 5 January,all,rishol,"I'm an old fart! I know. But I can't find any help-files that could explain how to use the inventory items. I've tried to drag them, klick them witth both right and left mouse button. Nothing seems to work. I got through the first door an a second, but need an inventory item to solve another task.And what is mouse3? I only have one mouse..."
76561198359324550,Recommended,512790,29434904,Posted: 22 January,all,sbarnes,"Got .1 done before game went Phfft.Guessed at North Shore keyin from feint marks on pad (no blue light used).  Heard something grinding but no door opened.Now no matter how many times I remove save files and restart, once I get to that door, no go.How to uninstall and completely remove game?  Sure a lot of crud in the registry."
76561198023445374,Not Recommended,512790,34942795,Posted: 13 September,all,yogisgoat,I would love to recommend this game .  What I;ve played of it was beautiful.  But it keeps crashing and locking up my system running windows 7 home premium.  First time I've seen a bsod in 7 years.  Tried every fix suggested - no difference.  I can't recommend the game until this problem is solved.
76561198011577128,Recommended,512790,28864456,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Calibaen,"Nice puzzle game, although linear and a bit short (~15 hours)."
76561198041374981,Recommended,512790,28776250,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DeadCat,Awesome game!
,Recommended,512790,35405922,Posted: 1 October,all,acco205,Bruuuuuhhh.....
76561197964461102,Recommended,512790,35396438,Posted: 1 October,all,Stretch,Argh...
76561197970159801,Not Recommended,512790,29170029,Posted: 10 January,all,Pops,If you the patience of a saint you will enjoy this game. Puzzles and what to do next are to well hidden. I only made it past the first puzzle before I needed to use the internet. This is for hardcore puzzle fans or those that like running in circles for an hour to figure out the intro puzzles.
,Recommended,512790,31108738,Posted: 12 April,all,jacob,"to the man who said that i have a zit on my back, thanks i took care of that."
76561198248633400,Recommended,512790,30052491,Posted: 19 February,all,plusdashplus,"I'm on a mac with a 1TB ssd, sierra os, 8g ram, and a AMD Radeon HD 6770M graphics card -- I don't have any trouble playing any other game on steam, and this one just won't stop lagging, takes a half a second or more for the native cursor to catch up with mine, and it gets down to 3 fps, anybody got any ideas how I can fix this? I would realld love to be able to play this game."
76561198287709463,Not Recommended,512790,35213050,Posted: 25 September,all,kelloggmn,"Game does not play!!! Every time I click ""New Game,"" it goes to the loading page, then freezes my computer!!!"
76561197973516193,Not Recommended,512790,34115737,Posted: 8 August,all,Andy,"I've tried running this on two PCs with Win7 and Win10 it just sits there with ""LOADING"" on the screen for several minutes and then it makes strange distorted aurio sounds and then crashes both PCs and I have to reset and cold boot the PCs.It happens on both PCs so that's rather worrying.Good to see so many recommendations but I can't even run it.Can't really recommend it (yet).Any suggestions?Update:Sorry my apologies - I must have PCs that have marginal performance for this game. After trying again and waiting about 7 minutes wuth crackling audio and friozen screen, it finally loaded.The key is to reduce the graphic effects in settings before running a game.It now seems to work but rather jittery. I'll see how get on - I don't want to buy a new graphics card costing hundreds of dollars just for this one game.I'll update the recommendation if I'm successful."
76561198131510263,Not Recommended,512790,32005526,Posted: 27 May,all,cuorips,"Could not play it on the Mac, tried all suggestions....Just too frustrating ! I hope they can fix it, for the Mac, I would love to play it."
76561198285747344,Not Recommended,512790,30311849,Posted: 4 March,all,jmiaguard-*****,"The controls are absolutely terrible. Using a controller is slow even with the camera sensitivity cranked up, and doesn't let you acess all game functions (like the main menu). The keyboard is quite a bit better, but still not very responsive. The little time I spent actually playing was giving me a headache, even with the head-bobbing option disabled. I'm unable to even play the game. Save your money and pass on this one."
76561198042375365,Not Recommended,512790,29862030,Posted: 11 February,all,alright give him the stick,"Was super excited to play this game after reading all of the positive reviews, however I've found it to be nearly unplayable on Mac OSX even on the lowest graphics settings. I think there's some sort of optimization issue. Haven't tried it on other operating systems, but strongly advise steering clear of it on Mac for now."
,Not Recommended,512790,32349068,Posted: 11 June,all,Forthstar,"Really poor graphics performance.  Very sluggish motion whether its moving, rotating point of view, or moving a cursor.  I use same PC play Obduction and FPS like Quake which are smooth."
76561198350654324,Not Recommended,512790,29455529,Posted: 23 January,all,jhsmith175,This game has yet to work. It locks up my computer every time I try to load.
76561197994758466,Recommended,512790,30500752,Posted: 13 March,all,BaBa,"Rhymes with flern,now go play Quern.This is a great game.  The story is pretty cool.  The puzzles are good.  They are the right balance of easy to tough and keep you thinking.  Besides some minor grammatical errors, no problems with the game at all.  I look forward to the VR version.  There are some epic events that happen that would be AMAZING in VR.Now off to play Obduction.  Then compare!"
76561197972369796,Recommended,512790,28803117,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,OldFart,"It would be nice to add a button to skip a puzzle if you cannot figure it out, so that you could complete the game. I made it to level 5, but got lost with the a-b, c-d, etc. Looking at the guide was confusing because they kept changing the switches and never let you get a good look at the final settings. After a couple of days screwing around, I say move on to another game.Pharaoh Zeus kindly provide me with a link that let me get past my road block. With this help, I was able to complete the game. Quern is a beautifully designed strategy game. I would give 5 out of 5 stars for the graphic and performance. Being able to move in any direction, not just in the direction of arror keys is wonderful. Being able to do a 360 view is amazing. Great job guys."
76561198029704561,Not Recommended,512790,33145206,Posted: 2 July,all,Yamatori,"Things I liked:Graphics are top notch and music is good. The inventory system is a fun addition to puzzle games, and the picture taking with the journal to type in game notes is better than some puzzle game implementations of just taking a picture. This game certainly has a lot going for it.Things I didnt like:There is a line between giving clues and giving solutions, and unfortunately Quern steps over this line frequently. Most puzzles felt less like puzzles and more like ""follow the instructions"". For instance, the code to the first combination you lock you come across, maybe 5 minutes into the game, is found on the first 2 notes the professor gives you. No clues or anything, you either brute force the combination or are given the solution. That trend continues throughout the entire game (I could give tons of examples, but don't want the review to be too long), though it does somewhat redeem itself in the latter portion once you lower the tower and access the underground area (more on that later). I also wish the inventory system was utilized more, pretty much all of the things you manipulate in it are keys with moveable parts in order to fit into the key hole. Thats not really a puzzle, its a toddlers ""match the shape"" game.The story is also very flat. The notes the professor leaves for you gives you very little story other than ""I discovered a thing and want to share it, and I've decided the best way to do that will be to trap someone here and make them solve puzzles culminating in completing my work because I left it incomplete due to boredom"" (literally all he had to do was wait for a computer to finish a calculation, but that was too big an ask for him). There is also another npc who gives you somewhat of a lore dump later in the game, that can be summarized as ""the discovery is dangerous. Seal it away instead of sharing it"" only done in an over dramatic way. And the end of the game is a let down no matter which advice you chose to follow.Conclusion/Going beyond the thumbs up/down:I really wish the entire game played like the latter portion underground as a lot of the puzzles there felt like actual puzzles. My favorite is a key with 4 places to put differently shaped segments, only unlike a lot of other keys in the game you don't manipulate it in your inventory. You have to figure out which segment goes where, and instead of spoon feeding you the answer the game simply gives you 2 rules on how to figure it out. Its great stuff! If the underground was its own game, I'd recommend it in a heartbeat.But its not its own game. Its stuck on the end of a rather boring ""follow the instructions"" gauntlet of weak game play, and the entire thing is layed on top of a weak story. As a result, I find it hard to recommend the entire game. The graphics and music are great, but it takes more than that to make a great game."
,Recommended,512790,33916891,Posted: 30 July,all,Bat Country Visitor Center,"As someone who loves Myst-like games, Quern is a masterpiece. Some of the puzzles are a bit boring, and often times the clues are a little too obvious, but overall the game is extremely good. I would have liked a little bit more environmental storytelling and environmental puzzles (closer to what is seen in Obduction) since the overt clues and dialog can be a bit patronizing. Either way, extremely solid - I loved the environments and the puzzles definitely seldom felt like busywork. Please make a sequel!Also, I wish the endings were more satisying in terms of having a ""good"" and ""bad"" ending. Both endings seem pretty neutral, and I'm not sure how to feel about each of the characters, only that the decision is up to which one you want to make happy."
,Recommended,512790,34006038,Posted: 3 August,all,Swofehuper Hemanmalemanson,Great puzzle game. If you like stunning visuals and sometimes mind boggling puzzles this is for you.
76561198148665060,Recommended,512790,34034145,Posted: 5 August,all,moon,"This was an excellent Myst type game!!! The large variety of puzzle types, and a decent story line made this an excellent value in my book. There was some backtracking as you would expect, but it wasn't excessive and by the time you need to do that you have devoloped shortcuts. You could accomplish enough in a session that you felt like you had really made progress. The clues were good and not always easily found. It was a larger game than expected. When I thought I was near the end, there were still several more areas left to explore. I give it a 8.5/10 overall. If the progression was less linear I would've given it a 10. It's always nice to have the option to work on something else when you get stuck."
,Recommended,512790,34045615,Posted: 5 August,all,latalanta,Great game! Reminds me of Myst but with a bit less of a story. It was quite fun and lasted longer than I expected.
76561197992840752,Recommended,512790,34089633,Posted: 7 August,all,BOlte,"This is an omage to Myst, executed well, yet with its own flavour. The well designed and integrated puzzels are challenging, but logical and solvable without needing to turn-over every rock to find a hidden whatz-it. Have a note-book handy at all times.The 'room for improvement' may be a better story integration and consequences."
76561197982542306,Recommended,512790,35214933,Posted: 25 September,all,LADrs76,"Quern is absolutely fantastic! This game is a truly stylistic squel to Myst/Riven. The puzzles are incredibly varied and very well thought out. This game is far far better than Obduction where it seemed all you had to turn was turn on any switch you found off. The game is a bit linear and the end sequence is a bit of a let down, but this game is all about the journey. The puzzles grow in complexity and just when you think you've explored everything you enter into a whole new portion of the world and you just go ""woooah!"" Can't recommend this highly enough!"
76561198098841715,Recommended,512790,35194678,Posted: 24 September,all,TeH_§aInT,Amazing game
