user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,512900,32518570,Posted: 17 June,all,Daniel the Ampharos,"To be frank, I kind of underestimated this game at first and I hate that I did so.This indie game is extremely fun and enjoyable and every time I play it with my friends we always have a blast. As well, it's development is only in ALPHA right now, and it doesn't even feel like it's in alpha, rather; it feels like a game that's been worked on for a lot longer.I definitely recommend this game, playing this with friends is so fun, and there's lots of funny and memorable moments you can get from playing this with your buddies. Even without friends, this game is still extremely fun, as well!Keep it up Matt, you're doing a great job! I cannot wait to see how amazing this game will be when it's finished!"
76561198122541900,Recommended,512900,32806988,Posted: 26 June,all,Plazmadawg,"I have to admit I haven't had this much fun in ages, playing this awesome title!Thing I liked about it:1) Funny as hell (When things go wrong they can end in hilarious result)2) Controls are awesome,3) The retro graphics are done amazingly, great RPG elements4) FREEDOM to do what ever you want5) replayability is high due to the procedural map generation6) lots of content and lots of classes7) Just plain fun and♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of it8) Regular updates (Doesn't play like a early access, I have experienced no bugs on my side)No bugs discovered at this point in time, besides and NPC getting stuck on a chair but when I went up to him he got unstuck.I have to admit I feel bad buying it on special as paying full price for this game would have been worth every penny. Matt, this is a fantastic game, I really enjoy this it! I hope the gaming community takes more notice of this game as it certainly deserves it."
,Recommended,512900,30429775,Posted: 10 March,all,Faceless King,"I've played the alpha a lot and I want to tell you some things about this game:1. There is a lot of content, even in Early Access.2. You can play this game exactly like you want to. If you want to kill everyone, kill everyone. If you want to kill nobody, kill nobody at all. If you want to just mess around with gadgets, you can totally do this and succeed.3. There will be a lot of funny and useful combinations for you to explore.I also want to give you some pros and cons:Pros:- Awesome Pixel art- Fun and fluid gameplay- A lot of replayability- Each of the many classes feel different and are fun to play- A nice developer and a good influence of the community (in my opinion at least)- You can be a giant gorilla, do I really need to say more?Cons:- Sometimes the game can be a bit confusing if too much happens at all- Early Access. Not a con for me but it might be one for some peopleI wasn't able to try the multiplayer aspect of the game but I'll try to catch it up sometime soon.So far the game is really polished and feels way better than most of the Early Access Games out there."
,Recommended,512900,33873337,Posted: 28 July,all,Congenital Heart Disease,"After completing a mission I got the ""Killed No One"" bonus.Did I physically stab or shoot anyone? No, I did not.Did I buy a slave, order him to stand guard in front of the only door out of a building, then fill the air ducts with shrinking potion causing a bunch of tiny people to run outside and get squashed by my slave? Yes, I did.Am I legally or morally responsible for their deaths? Apparently I am not.Game is good."
,Recommended,512900,33120026,Posted: 2 July,all,DorianRaker,"This game is ridiculous. I mean that in the absolute best way possible. While there's no overarching story to be found and  the upgrades are random in the very best of the Rogue traditions, I keep on coming back. Characters to unlock, challenges, mutators, and perks to explore. I'm hooked.If making your own fun is your idea of a good time, check it out. Get in on the ground floor. It's safer than the floors full of cannibals."
,Recommended,512900,33128849,Posted: 2 July,all,Cunning Elsa,"The game is very flexible in the ways you can complete your missions, you can choose to sneak by a camera and past several Goons, or just pop a Cyanide pill in the air filtration system and kill everyone in the building all at once.I would consider this more of a Rogue-lite than a Rogue-like, as you can unlock different traits and rewards using currency you earn from completing certain missions, and leveling up during a run. Or you can spend some to bring a single item with you into the next run.Your home-base slowly becomes more lively as you unlock new characters which are added to your home-base, and certain characters also unlock new game-play mechanics such as the Thief giving you the ability to unlock different rewards that you will recieve for completing missions.Overall, a very enjoyable game with a lot of replayability, and it only gets better as the game is constantly being updated with new content and bug fixes."
,Recommended,512900,31125524,Posted: 13 April,all,Phantom,"Easily one of the most fun games I've played this year. If the dev does add a ""Make Your Own Character"" option, it may break my top 5. If you like rogue-likes, you're really going to like this.EDIT: The developer added a ""Make Your Own Character"" system. It's rough, yes, but it's also a hell of a lot of fun to play around with. I think this game is heaps of fun solo and with friends (my girlfriend and I play Endless mode on this game almost every night to see how far we can get)."
,Recommended,512900,30430940,Posted: 10 March,all,accident,"I've been playing Streets of Rogue since it was in Alpha, and it's quickly become one of my favourite indie games of all time. Dabrowski isn't exaggerating when he compares his game to Deus Ex - every task or mission in the game can be tackled in at least a dozen different ways.Let me give you a hypothetical scenario: you have to retrieve a briefcase from a bank vault. If you're a thief, you might cut through the break room window to enter the building without being detected, lockpick your way into the vault room, and then use a safecracking tool to retrieve your prize. Alternatively, a shapeshifter might sneak inside disguised as a townsperson, leap into the bank teller's body, and walk into the vault room without anyone batting an eye. Or maybe you're a merchant; in that case, you can simply bribe the teller and convince him to sell you the keys and safe combination.Did I mention that those are just three of the 20-odd character classes available? Your choices range from police officer to gorilla, and each come with wildly different abilities and restrictions. These abilities are supplemented with a huge range of weapons and items, which can be obtained in many different ways: robbing houses, completing quests, and even rooting through trash cans, to name a few.The gameplay is something of a cross between a roguelike, an open-world RPG, and a twin-stick shooter. You make your way through a modern city, completing quests to move between stages, and often leaving entire districts in ruins as a result of your ""heroics"". This is a game that doesn't take itself too seriously - the sense of humor and general atmosphere are reminiscent of the Saints Row games.There's so much more I could rave about, but I don't want to be here all day. Just trust me on this: Streets of Rogue is one of the best games you've never played. Pick up a copy - it's well-worth the asking price."
,Recommended,512900,31369591,Posted: 25 April,all,Antagonist,"Over the past couple of years, I was afraid that my love for gaming was going away forever. I'd buy, download, play anywhere from 15-45 minutes and sporadically, or never play again. Streets of Rogue has single handedly reaffirmed my love for gaming. I cannot put it down.It is similar in some ways to Roguelands, another excellent roguelike game, but this one is a top down ""3d"" view where Roguelands is side scrollers. This game also has a lot of charm to it. Has a very retro feel (which as an old fogey I love). Each class has its unique skills, some better than others.I believe the game goes for 14.99, I got it on sale for 11, and, had I known how good it was, would have been willing to pay double the current price. This is a rare early access that's good enough as it is.Some people complain that it's easy to beat, and fear replayability, but I see it differently. For starters I can't even get past the first world (there are currently 3, and are going to be 5 or 6 total) and I already have 8+ hours in the game. WAY more than 15 dollars worth.Plus since the game is simple, that means there is an insane amount of room for improvement, the potential is through the roof. not to mention the inevitable mods. I can't wait to see this game get better and better. My favorite game in at least 3 years.Do I recommend it? Absolutely. If you enjoy retro games, roguelikes or the combination of the two, you can't possibly ask for more with Streets of Rogues. To put it simply, I absolutely love it.I need to alt tab back to the game now, it is so f'ing addicting."
,Recommended,512900,30454827,Posted: 11 March,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Wow,Streets of Roguereally delivers.Outstanding title, and I didn't really expect it.Now be warned though, as of 3/2017, there are only two levels with three floors each. So, if you are decent, I think you'll complete nearly everything within, oh I don't know, five hours.With that being said, there is a metric *ton* of detail and content and just overall fun to be had.For starters, this has got to have one of the best tutorials I've ever played in a game. Engaging, and that tricky little thing just greases all the wheels to get you sucked in. There are a ton of high points in other areas, too. The combat is flawless, and just oh-so fun. As with any good game, I always felt like it was probably my fault when I died. For a modern roguelite, I don't even find it all that difficult, which is fine by me. The music and art are crisp and fitting. The meta-game upgrades are great and will keep me coming back. Love the unlockable characters - they all feel so different.Pros:+Truly addicting+Outstanding tutorial+Controller support and overall menu stuff is flawless; this has a lot of polish+Unlockable characters all feel great and different, and there is a ton of them+Meta-game unlocks are always a welcome addition+Gameplay is super smooth and really fun+The emergent gameplay is fantastic+You can literally go about completing any given objective in probably half-a-dozen legit ways+Tons of items that are all functionally really cool+There are dailies+I bet local co-op is a blast - 4 players?! NutsCons:-Only two levels right now, but that will changeThis is a must have if you enjoy modern roguelites.I'd throw that soundtrack in the cart, too."
,Recommended,512900,33844140,Posted: 27 July,all,Bill Cosby,this is how you do an early access
,Recommended,512900,33657284,Posted: 19 July,all,CARROT STICKS!!!,"You can be a mass murderer, killing everybody in your sight.You can enslave people, make them fight their own friends and family against their own will.You can burn down hospitals, killing everybody inside.You can trap people in walls of fire, force them to dance to a boombox whilst a timebomb slowly ticks to their death.You can become a giant! Destroying everything in your path.You can strap explosive helmets onto incapacitated people, then send them as kamikazie bombers into innocent houses and homes against their will.You can start an entire zombie apocalpse, sitting back and laughing as your zombies kill everybody in your path.But you will neverEverRead an Email10/10"
,Recommended,512900,33089493,Posted: 1 July,all,mmm!5NATCH,"Strong potential in this one.This review is based on the Alpha 28 Early Access and already the core game play is providing a good challenge and it's a lot of fun too. I'm just hoping the dev maintains consistent updates on this one!So, anyone wanting more info about this game, he's a rundown of story and what to expect.You're a part of a crew that is rebelling against a dodgy mayor. So, you'll have to do a whole bunch of random missions to get by. These could be operating some machines at a certain location, maybe a mission where you must take out someone or even rescue someone or something from somewhere, once you do these, you can move on to the next level.If you earn enough XP points, you can pick a perk to carry on with you for the rest of the game. Try and survive if you can, at this moment of time there are 9 levels but fortunately the endless mode can help provide more gameplay. We know that this is all getting extended and updated later in time.now, generally during missions there are going to be some obstacles or people who don’t want you to achieve these things. And how you solve these problems comes down to your style of play, which is most likely represented by the class you pick. There's already heaps to pick from and judging from the open spaces there's probably going to be more added. All classes have distinctive styles of game plays, strengths, weaknesses. You know the deal...The thing I think is cool is just how these classes are based on a mix of every day modern work careers to fantasy and weird.You can play this single player, online with some buddies or even local co-op too and how you play is up to you. There's a lot of freedom in completing missions from being stealthy, going loud and destroying everyone or if you're clever you might even be able to talk your way into getting other people to do the job for you while you sit back eating bacon cheeseburgers.Best part, every time you play, levels are randomly generated as well as loot drops too but you can unlock perks and items by playing the game and completing missions so you can give yourself a head start on your next run if you wish.A lot of fun so far, let’s hope there's more in the future..."
,Recommended,512900,34202070,Posted: 12 August,all,Weasel,"Ever wanted a randomly generated Deus Ex? A randomly generated Smash TV? A randomly generated Final Fight? This game can be darn near anything you want it to be, thanks to the sheer number of different ways you can play it. The built-in character classes cover a LOT of different play styles, and the recently-added character creator lets you explore methods that the author hasn't somehow already thought of. I hear the author hasn't finished creating all of the tilesets for the level generator yet, but in practice, I haven't even managed to ""complete"" it as it is, and I'm still having fun with it. The near-constant stream of updates ensures that it won't get old so fast, either, and the author's up-front honesty is much appreciated in this marketplace."
,Recommended,512900,30469516,Posted: 12 March,all,Misery,"Wow.  Okay.  So, this game really is something special.  I had never heard of this, it appeared on Steam, and after one look at it, I had to try it, particularly since it was having a free weekend at the time.  2 hours of awesomeness later, and I knew I was hooked for good.So what is this game?  Well, I can sum it up pretty easily:  A Roguelike, plus GTA, plus Deus Ex, with tons of emergent gameplay and really hilarious moments.  And depth... so much depth. Which I have to say, absolutely stunned me.  This is a game of possibilities and opportunities, and TONS of choices to make.  Perhaps the most defining aspects of the game are two things:   1, the sheer ridiculous number of options you have, in terms of things you can do, items you can use, and ways you can interact with the environment, and 2. The emergent nature of the gameplay, due to AI characters that all act on their own, creating all sorts of situations for you due to their interactions with you and the environment, and often complicating things in ways that are both unexpected and absolutely hilarious.  When you combine these two aspects of the game together, you have the potential for something truly amazing, a game with no end to the possible situations that it can create for you.   And what's more, when dealing with any situation, chances are, there's about 5000 possible ways that you can get through it, all of them fun and challenging.At it's core, the goals of the game are pretty simple:  On each floor, you are given 2 to 3 missions.  These appear on your map screen, and there are a variety of different objectives that each mission can be comprised of.  Each floor is almost like a small town, with a variety of different buildings filled with all sorts of things, and each individual mission will always be given it's own building.  Once you've completed the required missions, you can then access the elevator that takes you to the next floor.  Each mission also gives you a variety of possible rewards, and some floors will contain a character that can offer you a totally optional mission as well.Missions can differ wildly in how they work, even among ones of the same objective.  For instance, perhaps you have a mission to neutralize a certain character.  This character could be an important dude housed in a labyrinth of security systems, armed guards, and traps, or it could be the shopkeeper of the local store, sitting behind a desk in a very simple building with nothing but a bunch of customers in there with him, going about their own business.  Both of these situations offer up their own unique complications that you will have to deal with.  The building with all the security presents obvious problems:  cameras, laser tripwires, trap tiles, roaming guards, locked doors, all the stuff that makes a dangerous labyrinth exciting.  But that store seems kinda easy, right?  Not quite.  The question is, how can you take out the shopkeeper without getting yourself destroyed?  Sure, you COULD go in there, guns blazing, and just try to take him out quickly, but not only is he likely to defend himself with something powerful, but you risk attracting the local cops, or perhaps even one of the customers may pull out a shotgun and try to fend you off.  Perhaps stealth is the way to go... but how can you do that, with so many others in the small store?Figuring out how to go about your goals is the biggest part of the game as a whole.  You have TONS of different items that you can find and buy, all of which are important and useful in different ways, and you can get pretty creative with them.  Here's an example situation:  I had this guy that I needed to take out, but he was housed in a rather nasty spot, with tons of cops roaming around, and generally tons of risk if I approached directly.  So, I had a look at my items, and found a solution in a combination of two of them:  A remote hacking device, and a land mine.  There was a computer in the building that guy was in, and air vents, and hacking into that remotely allowed me to trigger an option to release gas into the building, causing the guy to panic and rush for the door to get out, into the fresh air.... and right into the land mine I'd placed in front of the door.  That was the end of him, and since I'd done my hacking from inside an adjacent building in a secluded room, the cops suspected nothing.   All they knew was that this guy exploded.   Of course, with other items, I could have chosen different solutions... it all depends on what you have, what's in the environment, what different characters are doing, and your own ability to puzzle things out and come up with creative ways of dealing with the situation.Or, you could just take a Gigantizer pill, grow to mammoth proportions, and crash through the building and step on the guy.  You have that option and more, due to the sheer number of creative, fun items in the game.  The amount of creativity here is outright stunning, with every item being unique and interesting while offering tons of possibilities on just how you can go about using it.  Not that your schemes will always work out, of course.  There are loads of people in this bizarre city, each with their own agenda, and they can often screw up your plans in ways that you never expected, bringing you new troubles and causing chaos, adding to the emergent nature of the gameplay in a very dynamic and fun way.  And you have tons of different ways of interacting with all these characters.  Hire some goons to do your dirty work, or even bribe the cops on the current floor to ignore your crimes for awhile, among tons of other options.Of course, dealing with items and interacting with stuff isnt all there is.   Sometimes, pure combat is the answer, and I have to say, the game's combat system is fantastic.  I really couldnt be more pleased with this part of the game.  It's challenging, it's interesting, it's deep in it's own unique way, and there are tons of possibilities in any given battle, as the emergent nature of the game pervades even the combat.  You have the option to use melee weapons or guns, each having their advantages.  Melee weapons of course require that you get close, and you have to time your attacks carefully and worry about your positioning, and your enemies can hit just as hard as you can, or even harder depending on what they've got.  Guns of course are obvious in their use, but many tend to be loud, and you have limited ammo.  Or sometimes you have stranger options, such as a shrink ray, making your opponent tiny, causing them to run away in terror... or get squished, if you manage to catch them.  Just like every other aspect of the game, creative use of the environment and your items just adds even more to the excellent combat system.But there's even more than just that.  You gain experience by doing different things, and all sorts of activities can offer you some.  Even non-lethal things such as using chloroform to quietly take down a guard gives you XP, so you are not restricted by playstyle here.  Get enough XP, and you can choose a new trait, which are all just as interesting as anything else.  And lastly, there is a wide selection of characters, each one being very different from the last.   One run you might choose to be a soldier, bristling with weaponry, but in the next you could choose a doctor, a class that cannot use weapons (though you can always still punch people), but has other unique ways of dealing with things that creates a whole different feel to the gameplay.  All of the classes, from gorilla to comedian to vampire, are like this, and they're all a blast to play.  The same creativity and potential for possibilities exist with them as with everything else.I could rant on, and on, and on about this game, really, but I think I've given you the basics here.  Games that are this good are incredibly rare, as are games with so many possibilities and fun.  Do I even need to say more here?"
,Recommended,512900,33897319,Posted: 29 July,all,kome360,"Get creative.- Play as a cop, go into a police station, ask for the keys to the cells, free a criminal, and immediately handcuff him for 120 exp.- Play as a shapeshifter, possess a gang member, hire all his lackeys, point them in the direction of a pack of gorillas, and deposses before anyone realizes what is going on.- Play as a shopkeeper, use a friend caller to get two shopkeep lackeys, buy all their weapons, equip them with their own merchandise, and throw them into a suicide mission."
,Recommended,512900,33120527,Posted: 2 July,all,Klivode,"Absolute blast playing this game, both alone and co-op/online. I understimated the game at first, but hell was i ♥♥♥♥ing wrong. For an Early Acces Game there is so much you can do in this game. Tons of replayability, lots of interesting characters to choose from, and just absolute GTA-esque rampage (and there is stealth too!). I can definitely say that this is one of the best Rouge-like RPG game i ever had the pleasure to play."
76561197983159515,Recommended,512900,30471134,Posted: 12 March,all,"""Paycheck-66""","After one hour of enjoying the free weekend offer, the game was permenately added to my library. The sheer amount off gameplay options, character choices, weapons, and buffs and much more is amazing. Can't say enough how much ""FUN"" I've had playing this game. For me that's what counts the most (FUN FACTOR)!Content is still lacking some and the usual growing pain bugs can occur, but my experience has been pretty solid and mostly bug free (nothing game breaking). I have not tried multiplayer as of yet, so can't comment on that. Game has huge amount of potential and I believe the developer Matt is staying on top of things and doing the best he can as a one man team.Support the game. The developer. Just buy the damn thing and enjoy it. I will be and hope to see it become all that I think it can."
,Recommended,512900,32624465,Posted: 21 June,all,Teuthidus,"Really great game so far, lots of enjoyable content. The variety of characters, tasks, and events means no run is ever the same. The co-op can get pretty chaotic, but it is still enjoyable. There's many ways to tackle a certain task, and you can do whatever you want in order to win."
,Recommended,512900,32018577,Posted: 28 May,all,ThatBadBro,The Dev is interacting with the fan base and the game is awesome it feels like the players get to make the game evolve :)
76561198096305844,Recommended,512900,31782432,Posted: 15 May,all,Cottontail Cavalier,"If you're a fan of roguelike/rogue-lite games like Enter the Gungeon or The Binding of Isaac, then you will probably love this game. It is like that mixed with GTA, without the mature content, but even more gore!The many positive aspects of this game include:Approachability:In this game, you are given missions to complete in a procedurally generated city. One of the best parts about this game is the many different ways you can solve one problem by interacting with people and the environment. For example, your mission is to kill this guy. What do you do? Well, you can blow him up with a time bomb. You could hack the turrets in the building to fire at him. Maybe shoot him with cyanide in a squirt gun. There are many ways to approach a situation, and your job is to figure out which one best suits the circumstances and best suits your playstyle.Diversity:Streets of Rogue gives you several characters with several to start out with, and several more to unlock. Each has their own unique traits and abilities to help you through your missions, and all of them play radically differently.Environment:You can interact with essentially everything around you. Every single person, trap, wall, and trash can has the potential to be useful to you in some way. Each level (cities, parks, etc.) is extremely different and challenges you to adapt, overcome, and maybe even use obstacles to your advantage.All of these three traits tie into what I look for in a game the most:Replayability.Every single run in Streets of Rogue is different. Even after you unlock all of the content, there are always things to be learned and new solutions to be figured out. There is an unbelievable amount of content in this game and is already well worth the price in its Early Access. Plus, there is much more to come: more characters, levels, and items, which means numerous more hours of gameplay.Overall I definitely recommend this game to anyone, even if you're not into these kinds of games. It has quickly become one of my favorites simply because of the sheer amount of things you can do. It's like this game never ends."
76561197995212192,Recommended,512900,30622749,Posted: 19 March,all,Nethys,"Well made, nice gameplay, humor and multiplayer!The only downside is the lack of content, but its early access so its understandable.It has massive potential."
,Recommended,512900,30854408,Posted: 31 March,all,.҉  Reme✧,"This game has tons of potential, Even though it's in alpha it's well worth the full price. It has enough content to keep you playing for hours and what is nice about it is that the Dev really cares for the game. This game will be amazing when it's fully released and i'm glad i bought it. It's a nice time killer and it has alot of hilarious moments and many game modes to keep you unbored. I give this game both thumbs up and it's really worth buying."
,Recommended,512900,30503244,Posted: 14 March,all,linuxpunk,"Let's kill the majorNice rougle-lite. You get a number of missions per stage (city level) and are free to take them stealthy, go in guns blazing, hack the enemies defenses or build up a gang of goons before tackling the missions.There's a bunch of characters, some have to be unlocked. You can also customize each character's hair, skin tone and facial hair.I've played it with controller and keyboard-mouse, and the game plays well with both.Not without bugs (i've been experimenting crashes), it's a fun game to play, and there's already enough content to keep you busy for some hours. (I played the alpha from itch-io, so I have about 4 hours of gameplay)I appreciate the linux support"
,Recommended,512900,30543399,Posted: 16 March,all,|G|AleyKsi.Cxl/a,"One of the best Rogue like i have played. Lot of replayability, a bunch of character that are a lot of fun to play with. It's still an early access game but for once there is enough content to feel more like a complete game and not a prototype. Get this one asap"
,Recommended,512900,34199356,Posted: 12 August,all,Mikee,"Very fun game, great concept. I met the developer a couple years ago at GDC and he was super friendly, and the premise was very interesting. I tracked it through its alpha and was so happy to see he got it up no Steam. I love that it's coop and I love going on randomized adventures with my friends that have the potential to be very silly. The variety is really fun to play in."
76561197998605449,Recommended,512900,32087156,Posted: 31 May,all,Adam,"We've all thought of a game we wanted to make because we wanted to play it and it didnt exist yet. The creator of this game is doing that. Not only did he make the game he wanted but he made the game I wanted. He is a genius.The starting tutorial is hilarious. The controls are perfect. The main idea of the game is to have a top down view (similiar in apearence to Rimworld with more detail) in a town like setting in which you achieve certain goals like stealing something from a house or killing someone. There's a lot of ways to do things, like hacking the security cameras from outside the house or walking in and killing the person inside or recruiting someone to follow you around and fight with you. You can even drop a banana peel on the ground and lead them to it or just drop it in their path. Doing so will unlock the ""comedian"" character class.. hehe...  There is weapons and stuff to be stolen from people or bought from shops. You can get gold from breaking garbage cans or using a slot machine in the town casino(dats cool) There's other ways to get gold too. There is even drugs to give your character a temp boost. Lots of really cool characters too. Your character levels up and you can choose a unique trait each time, like less recoil when shooting guns or more unarmed(fists) damage.One thing that really sets this game apart is the very smart AI.... really theyre really smart. It's wierd.The game does have a last level technically, but I dont care because in my opinion this type of game has no purpose other than trying to learn things and get good at the game so you can get as far as you can before you die and hopefully smile everytime you die, like i do. Thankfully the game does have an endless survival mode which is real, and not a sissy endless mode where you never die. There is also local and online coop which IM SURE is AMAZING, but again i dont care about that. I just wonna get really far before i die and cream my jeans(as they say).The creator is adding things all the time and always wants to know what people think and will directly put peoples ""good"" ideas into the game. So you dont have to worry about that annoying ""downloading random peoples interesting but unpolished mods"" So unless the Devs die any time soon, this game will soon be on the same level as Dont starve, Risk of rain, Nuclear throne, etc.This was my first review."
,Recommended,512900,30475084,Posted: 12 March,all,ダニエル,"Started run as Comedian.Told joke to ghosts, made ghosts laugh.Annoyed local gangsters, initiated tactical retreat.Ran past ghosts, ghosts killed gangsters for me.Thanks ghostbros.Only in Early Access and I can safely say this is now one of my favourite games on here. Even with the current amount of content, there is a lot of replay value. Haven't been able to try multiplayer yet but I'm sure it'll be just as good as the amount of time I've clocked on singleplayer.I'll update this review as the game progresses through development."
76561198031383014,Recommended,512900,33525514,Posted: 13 July,all,Maujin the Builder,"Hacked a computer, released gas, unlocked doors.  Apes killed scientists then cops saw me hack and shot me dead on the spot. 10/10"
,Recommended,512900,33179801,Posted: 3 July,all,Ads,"I can't help but enjoy the mad cap chaos of this game. With the procedural generation of the levels, so many varied character classes to chose from, and so many different items to find and use together, it offers massive replayability.I played a game just now, I was playing as a trigger happy soldier, and found a 'bracelet of strength' ... Yeah, this game mixes genres a fair bit, it brings together but not limited to, cannibals, killer robots and vampires ... and spent the next 15 minutes smashing my way through the missions on offer. There's something so satifying about whacking a goon with a baseball bat through a wall and into the bar next door before he has a chance to pull his gun on you!Another fun character class to play is the hacker; it requires you to think a little more strategically because you're not a strong class, but you have infinite 'hacks' you can use on electronics. These include the standard computer consoles scattered about in various complexs, allowing you to redirect and vent poison to clear out their inhabitants, open prison doors to cause chaos, and so on. You can also hack TV sets and cause them to explode (great for a stealth kill to avoid the cops), and one of my favourites, you can also hack refridgerators and make them 'run'. You have to play it to see, but you can cause some great chain reactions. And that's the key as to why this game is so much fun, one little decision can spawn chaos and turn the tide of a game."
76561197970957522,Recommended,512900,30507349,Posted: 14 March,all,Demeggy,"What can I say? I have huge respect for this game - and at such an early stage. It captures the retro vibe really well, whilst incorporating awesome contemporary mechanics.Looking forward to more!"
,Recommended,512900,33271251,Posted: 5 July,all,nothing,"I'm actually going to write a semi-proper review for once because I believe this game deserves it however... I don't even know where to begin.This game plays like your classic rogue-like. It's a top down RPG with a pixelated environment. It also plays like a hack-n-slash (if you so choose to take that route of relentless killing, or if you're unfortunate enough to be caught up in a riot.) There's lots of ways to play and nobody is ever going to play the same exact way as another. You can do a complete pacifist round, or you can get by with sly remote hacking. You can play as weird characters such as the midget Shapeshifter who for some reason decided being naked was completely okay, but that also comes at the price of cops attacking you on sight. That brings me to another great point.Each character you can play as (there's many, some you have to unlock) has certain unique things about them that make them what they are. These aspects can either hinder or help your playstyle and the way you decide you want to go through each level. Some of these character traits can also be negative, causing the game to seem a little unfair, albeit hilarious, at some points.The multiplayer is fun and actually creates more of a challenge depending on how hard headed the people you are playing with. If they aggitate a cop, said cop is also going to come after you. Multiplayer can get pretty chaotic at some points, especially when playing with a full group, but that's not really a complaint. My biggest problem with multiplayer so far has been there are no shared rewards so completing tasks feels like a race. Each level has a set of tasks you have to complete along with a reward item. These tasks vary from silly things like having to kill off the bartender to slightly annoying tasks like needing to push a bunch of buttons.If you're playing with a group of people and you have a task to push those buttons, there may be four buttons you have to push, and you may successfully activate three, but if somebody comes along and activates the fourth then the game triggers completion of that task and they go away with all the spoils. Do you get rewarded? Nope, unless the person is generous and decides to give you the reward.I also just want to say I think Matt is such a wonderful and talented person. There's so much he's put into this game that even whole AAA studios cannot pull off. This game deserves more than to just be called an alpha. I know there's a ton more content he plans on putting out and expanding on but Streets of Rogue really plays like a fully fleshed out game.This game got me back into wanting to play games after falling into depression from too much stress. I look forward to every moment I get to play and keep recommending it to everyone and I will definitely continue to do so."
,Recommended,512900,33794125,Posted: 25 July,all,otoyoldireği,"It's a rogue-like that mixes many elements. Humor, chaos, role-play, tactical thinking and craploads of fun. Details are really great and this is just Early Access. Replayability and experimental potential is perfect. There are many classes, items and abilities in the game. Sounds are cool. Content is ever-growing. Multiplayer support is a plus. If devs manage to keep up this good work, there is no reason for this game to not shine. I've been liking new games quite rarely since more than 5 years, and this one made me write my first review ever."
76561198037222425,Recommended,512900,30454809,Posted: 11 March,all,Lord Gek,Very fun and silly over-the-top twin stick/rogue-like with really unique classes.  Can you think of another RPG with classes like Comedian or Bartender?
,Recommended,512900,30535814,Posted: 15 March,all,Holmes,"Although only a few level is available as I am writing this review (in regular mode, there is an endless mode though), this game is addictive enough to keep me from playing anything else!"
,Recommended,512900,31322890,Posted: 23 April,all,Digum,"I assumed it would be decent... then this game grabbed that bar, aaaaand destroyed it."
,Recommended,512900,33141297,Posted: 2 July,all,FLY,Great game! and have total freedom over the gameplay
,Recommended,512900,34471338,Posted: 24 August,all,SouF,"So uh...Serious reviewStreets of Rogue is a randomly generation RPG rogue-like-like. (RIP)It doesn't contain the elements of endless gameplay and leveling up your character into a god (Hopefully it will), but it has quirks and many ways to complete a quest. The replayablity of this game is so far only limited to character unlocks along with some unlockable traits and rewards for quests. Since it is still in dev, I respect that, as the game isn't finished and the dev most likely wants to hear feedback.Good thing about character unlocks though is that it opens a whole new way to play the game. Such as playing with the gorilla you can tear through an entire level with your bare hands and not have to care to much about your character's weaknesses. Play as a hacker and you sneak around hacking computers making it so a person falls victim to their own traps. Play as a shapeshifter and completely abuse the ability to take someone over and use their abilities to accomplish your goals. Either way if you like to have several options on how to approach a task this is a fitting game.Do I recommend the game?Yes, I do. Despite only having 10 hours (as of writing this) I plan on having more. I was looking for something a little different than the array of cliche games on Steam (FPS, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ survival, and clones of other games) and this fufilled that need. If you plan on playing by yourself I would be a little bit more wary of this purchase, but if you plan on playing with people it multiples the fun. Don't get me wrong this game is fun playing by yourself; however, it might seem a little repetitive.PROS:QuirksAny computer can runReplayabilityDepthDifferent ways to approachFUN MULTIPLAYEREvery playthrough is differentIt is a different game than most on the market.CONSSometimes an FPS drop when things get crazyOnly 3 levelsRandomness limited to only a few thingsThings I would like to see in the game:MORE CHARACTERSMORE VARIATIONMORE WEAPONSMORE LEVELS"
76561198043784845,Recommended,512900,34495284,Posted: 25 August,all,Ansam,"Imagine Grand Theft Auto as a roguelite with no vehicles and funny elements from rpgs, along with MANY optional ways to play the game. Steal, kill, recruit, tranquilize, burn, explode, punch through walls, giant, poison, joke, enslave, planet of the apes, planet of the zombies...PROS;+Simple Combat expanded through options+Many unique classes to mix up the game (including a character creator)+And global modifers+Online coop+A charismatic and interactive developerCONS;-Doesn't run on weak sauce potatoes-Friends can easily ruin your life in coop-And generally lacking content, as you'd expect from an early access title. Worlds, objectives, guns, etc.TL;DR a fun whimsical top-down beat em up shooter, with enough items and abilities to enjoy. Skeptical? Just wait a few months for the content to fill in. This game is worth at least following."
,Recommended,512900,30949089,Posted: 4 April,all,KuroKa,"Real fun, worth the price tag, haven't tested co-op yet but will add more to this review when I do!+Fun gameplay choices.+Frequent updates.+Multiple ways to play the game.+Perk system which just adds some extra fun.-Music is a bit weak *Imo, others might like it.-Boring/unnoticable UI-+Early access, I've had bad experiences with early access games but at least this one has content to hold it up until full release.Pointless number rating7/10"
76561198007209535,Recommended,512900,30812346,Posted: 29 March,all,Darth Chocula,Best tutorial ever. ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious!
76561198044356494,Recommended,512900,33986976,Posted: 3 August,all,Skimmerlit,"Don't let the XD look fool you; it's surprisingly serious. I didn't think I'd like it, solely because of the grating humor, but the mechanics are superb. Each class plays completely differently, and the long, LONG list of traits and items makes every run different. It's structured well:1. Your class defines your overall play style, and how you approach goals (nonlethal, enslavement, crew tactics, tools, etc.)-You need to break into a man's home and take something from him-As a cop, you could enter and arrest him-As a hacker, you could blow a hole in his wall by remotely detonating his TV, killing him in the process-As a slave master, you could order three slaves to break down his door and maul him-As a doctor, you could knock, sneak in, and knock him out-As a bartender, you could give him free drinks and convince him to give you the item-As a comedian, you could tell him jokes (The derpa derp derp♥♥♥♥♥♥is annoying, though. Ecksdee) then take it-You get the idea. Classes all have different tools to get things done.2. Traits and rewards encourage experimentation during runs-Rewards and level-up-traits are randomized, so you'll find different aids each run-Back to the man and his item-If you found a shrinking tablet, you could poison his drink as a bartender, leave, wait, then laugh as his wifeunkowingly stomps him to death-If you found a time bomb, you could destroy him and his entire house-If you found a window cutter, you could sneak into another part of his house, disable security, and put him down easy3. Disasters occur every 3rd level, shaking everything up-If bombs are falling, you could just wait around for the inevitable explosion somewhere in or around his house-If death-robot is following you, you could trick it into killing him accidentally, then swoop in and get the item4. Outside all those, there are also mutators. They're self-imposed, but they keep things interesting and funFor an early access game, it doesn't feel early access. Each feature is well-polished, and (by design) there's plenty to do. I'm 13 hours in, but there's still PLENTY to do. In fact, I just finished a 51 minute run as Doctor. I always thought she was garbage, but I made her work, and spent almost an hour messing around on her-- An hour long run, on a character I previously disliked. It's wild. Time's another thing, while I'm on it. It's designed simply, so you can pick up and play for 5 minutes, but there's also enough depth and variation to play for hours. It's genius.Just as well, small but important points:1. It's very stable, and well optimized. I've never crashed, and I keep 60fps. This game is early access, and I'm on a toaster, so those are surprising and appreciated.2. It has 4-player co-op. Multiply everything above by 4. Building heist crews, vampire clans, cannibal cults, is all fun and well done.I have almost no complaints. The AI can be a bit odd, at times (their awareness/aggro is shaky sometimes, especially in co-op), but it functions well. That's really it.This game was such a surprise. I expected an unfunny, annoying, indie trash heap. instead, I got an unfunny, absorbing, deep (yes, really), dynamic (yes again), rogue-lite-like-RPG-shooter-stealth-sim-thing masterpiece, with loads of replay value. It's the best $15 I've spent on Steam, bar none.AND MORE IS COMING, GOODNESS GRACIOUS. WE ALREADY HAVE TONS, BUT SO MUCH MORE IS ON THE WAY. Regular updates, new characters and items added frequently, character creation, etc.10/10, no exaggeration. This is the most fun I've had in months"
76561198044966971,Recommended,512900,34505043,Posted: 26 August,all,SwanofWar,"I have never been more excited to be a part of an early access indie game.  The levels aren't even complete yet and I already feel like I've gotten my money's worth out of this game.To give you the gist of this game, Streets of Rogue is a mission-based rogue like.  You choose a character with a unique skill set and enter each level with a problem to solve.  This problem may be killing a certain perosn, obtaining an item, rescuing a poor soul, shutting something down, or a little bit of different things.  It's up to you to use your head and the resources provided by the level to accomplish these missions before moving onto the next floor.  Fail to plan ahead and suffer the consequences.The game is growing at a steady rate.  Already 2 new characters and some big changes have been added since I got the game a few months ago.  If you enjoy pixel violence, creative solutions, and being an absolute menace to society, then this game is for you :)"
,Recommended,512900,32889035,Posted: 27 June,all,deeravengertn,-Became a ninja-did a bunch of cocane-murdered everyoneOh also this game is pretty good too
76561198050041666,Recommended,512900,34745520,Posted: 4 September,all,Barry O,An excellent rogue like with lots of depth to keep things interesting. Online and local co-op make it a blast to play with friends. Highly Recommend.
,Recommended,512900,33217788,Posted: 3 July,all,Nugget,"Even in alpha the game is absolutely feature rich and more or less pretty bug free!Lots of games promise you the ability to approach any situation in creative ways, but the creativity in this game is really something else. From playing ding-dong-ditcj with explosives to causing someone's refrigerator to literally run through a wall to create an opening, even the same tired missions can be fun again and again for hours."
,Recommended,512900,33761651,Posted: 24 July,all,GlimGlam,"This is one of the most funnest game I've played in awhile, and also the most underrated.From the outside, it just looks like yet another boring old game..But it's not, this game allows you to play how you want it.Stealth? Got you covered, this game has an Assassin and Thief.Loud? Yup too, Soldier and Jockey would do just that.Smart? Of course, using Scientist and the Hacker would help you think of creative ways.What I personally feel was the best part of the game was the high Replay Value. Despite playing this game for hours, I never once felt bored as there are tons of things to do. However, I felt quite bad that I got this game at a discounted price, as buying it in full would have helped, not really much, but it gives me the feeling that I am contributing to something wonderful.Anyways, all in all, I recommend you get this game now as even while playing alone, you still can get enlightenment."
,Recommended,512900,34988395,Posted: 15 September,all,-Z-,Massive amounts of fun that's hard to believe it comes from the head of one person.
,Recommended,512900,34159297,Posted: 10 August,all,seandenishickey92,"This game is one of the best games i have ever played. it reminds me of my friends and I playing D&D cityscape, for hours on end over the course of a weekend, where imagenation on both parts of GM, and PC alike. there is no right or wrong answer, try stealth, or diplomacy or simple brute force, and sucess is based on luck, skill, planning, and imaganation alike, with a wide varitey of weapons, traits, and startegyies, random maps, quests, will have u coming back for more. 10/10, would recommand, also couch co-op!!!!, with steam link, and controllers i use ethier steam or x-box one. But also NOW CHARACTER CREATION!!! a must buy, if u like rpgs with frinds, where imaganation is rewarded, i spent one hour simply creating a personal player character to fit my play style, I LOVE THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,512900,33179671,Posted: 3 July,all,ViralNation,"Fantastic game with a diverse cast of characters to play, each who bring their own abilities to the table making each round unique."
76561198090401133,Recommended,512900,30515592,Posted: 14 March,all,Aesthion,"Great fun game to play alone or with friends. The humor and self ridicule is pretty good, but even though its procedurally generated, it can get somewhat repetitive in terms of the tasks or the missions that must be accomplished. But considering that it's still in its alpha, this is a pretty solid game overall that I am enjoying a lot.Overall solid game, easily an 8/10 in its current stage"
,Recommended,512900,31681022,Posted: 11 May,all,marcel,"It's a silly game, but a really good game. Time flies when you're playing this game, haven't had this much fun in a while!"
,Recommended,512900,33104842,Posted: 1 July,all,"Folio, Prof. Dr. Net Neutrality","This game is a job simulator in a wasted city full of crime and murder.Except that you are not only a barkeeper/policeman/drug dealer/shopkeeper/investment banker/comedian etc., but also a spy for a government opposing rebel faction that kinda has no idea what they're doing.So while making your way through the devastated distopia of the games city world you also need to fulfill crucial mission objective orders straight from your rebel HQ. The fun thing about that is that there's literally millions of ways of doing that, and depending on what job you're educated in there's even more ways with every playthrough.For example: HQ orders to get a harddrive from the shopkeeper in town. Now, you could kill the shopkeeper and take it, or you could just threaten him to do just that if he doesn't give it to you right now, or you could give him a very valuable item in exchange. But if you are a shopkeeper yourself you can just buy it from him, if you are a thief you can steal it from him, if you are a slavemaster you can enslave him and make him give it to you, and this whole variability makes the game incredibly fun and long-living.Other than the missions which are well planned in theory and well executed in practice, the game is all about the player being able to do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ they want. I especially like freeing gorillas from science labs while there's still scientists in there with them. Welp.19/10 would play and forget eating and then die"
,Recommended,512900,30656635,Posted: 21 March,all,Ceiis,"Fun game, can see getting 10-20 hours playing it as it is now. Needs more classes (Pizza delivery guy!), more buildings (arcade with hackers in it, gorilla hideout), items, weapons, balance (maybe instead of just 1-4 maybe 1-8 for stats).Good for wasting some time until it's expanded and released from early access.Edit: I forgot to mention the great soundtrack. I'm the type of person who usually turns the music off in games as it distracts me, and SoR's soundtrack does distracts me, but in a wonderful way. I find myself just jamming out to it, leaving my character standing there, tho I like to think they're jamming out to it too."
,Recommended,512900,34829424,Posted: 8 September,all,XD_NETWORK,"This is the type of rogue like that isnt made to be too easy or too hard, it finds that perfect balance while still keeping your blood pumping, overall I find myself lost in this game for hours without realiseng it. GOTY material."
,Recommended,512900,30661551,Posted: 21 March,all,Power Button,"It's simple:you can't buy happiness but you can always buy this game. It's not much of a difference. This game is a roguelike, when you dead, then you dead. People dead when they are killed right?Gameplay:You pick a character with different set of skills, depends on what you choose, e.x a gorilla is a tough character, lots of health and delivers massive raw power. You could just smash everything that stands your way to your mission, but it couldn't speak english, so you couldn't hire someone or buy something.The main objective of this game is to clear every levels. There are missions in a level, you must complete them all in order to advance. There are lots of ways to get it done. You could sneak past the guard and free the prisoner as mission asked, or ask no question and just hack away those guards, or poison them, hire someone to make ruckuss to distract the guards. There are many many possible way to complete your mission. Use your creativity, ideas, and lil' bit of evilness.Score:9/10 , it's a good game. It's in early access but I'm sure you can enjoy the content as is."
,Recommended,512900,35407234,Posted: 1 October,all,anenragedpeanut,"Great rouge-like, the dev is obviously passionate about this product through the frequent updates and the obvious amount of love put in -- definetely would recommend."
,Recommended,512900,32659992,Posted: 22 June,all,Sam Hammich,"Even better than I remember it being during the free weekend a few months back. Awesome dev, even better game. Online, Local, LAN, SP...all covered."
,Recommended,512900,30576388,Posted: 17 March,all,sidav94,"Awesomeness, variety and freedom in the purest form.Played as bald Jock, summoned two more jocks and went to suppress the police and to destroy the city. The best Bane simulator ever.10/10, would fulfill the Ra's al Ghul's destiny again!upd: glad to see that the game really gets better with each update. Really good case of early access!"
76561198257395003,Recommended,512900,30785222,Posted: 27 March,all,Parlias,"Despite only having a few hours in Streets of Rogue, I can easily say that this game is becoming one of my favorites. I highly recommend getting it.The dynamic gameplay and different characters, coupled with the randomly generated levels and missions, really makes SoR endless in replayability and fun. Despite the fact that SoR is in Early Access it already contains a lot of content through characters, items, perks, level design, etc, which just shows how awesome this game will be when it leaves Early Access."
,Recommended,512900,30729333,Posted: 25 March,all,Nevasol Ltd.,"This game is all i wanted from a pixel graphic product, fun and varied, pixel art tends to get boring to me at times so i don't play long sessions, approx. 1 or 2 hrs then i get a break, the rogue element gives the right attitude to balance the game, one of the best top-down shooters  bought recently, it is even improving with further updates. Add me for multigaming purposes if you feel like. Ciao."
,Recommended,512900,31632232,Posted: 8 May,all,Wolfy,"This is an all around fun game to play with you friends, it makes me laugh everytime I play it."
,Recommended,512900,32917551,Posted: 28 June,all,DangerousNub,"I was a hacker.I cloned a random person.He was my buddy.I made him my standguard.I made him stand in front of a police.He starts fighting with police.Police runs away(or dies, I don't remember.)This game is SO much fun!!!!Edit:I closed the game and now I can't play it. It freezes when the menu appears.Edit edit:I fixed it! If you are having similiar problems, go tohttps://streetsofrogue.tumblr.com/troubleshooting"
,Recommended,512900,33168658,Posted: 2 July,all,Max,"one of the greatest games of the last couple years, only got it about 20 hours ago and have clocked in 10 already. even if you don't like rogue-like games, this one will still blow you away."
,Recommended,512900,33174666,Posted: 3 July,all,Aking108,Guy exploded in tutorial10/10 would kill the innocent again.
76561198185397038,Recommended,512900,33644252,Posted: 18 July,all,Bacon_Bricks,♥♥♥♥ing amazing
76561198081043975,Recommended,512900,34155218,Posted: 10 August,all,Sully,"It's very rare that an Early Access game, let alone one that *isn't even finished yet* can captivate me so well.The depth of what you can do in this game is rather staggering to say the least- I once bought some Cyanide from a drug dealer and loaded it into a water gun, allowing me to instantly and silently kill people with the click of a mouse.I infilitrated a compound with my friend by placing a land mine outside the door as he hacked into their computers, flooding the building with gas and sending them right to an explosively violent demise.One time, I went through an entire floor by not killing anyone- I just bought what I needed, including the objective items they held onto so dearly.This game is utterly fantastic, and the developer is updating it pretty frequently- is it worth it at the moment? Possibly. Despite not being able to beat it and being very unfinished, the base game thats here is well worth your time and is very fun to mess about in. Just keep that in mind before buying."
76561198059218445,Recommended,512900,33442339,Posted: 10 July,all,Irolden,"This game is fantastic. At first I thought it wasn't all that fun, I played as a hacker, got to run around hacking fridges and running them through prison walls, letting prisoners escape, the usual stuff. Then I unlocked the Vampire class. My whole world changed. Started bribing police to look the other way when I suck Crepe or Blahd gang member's blood in their holding cell. Then the whole game exploded when I started messing with modifiers. Now everyone has a rocket launcher and fires them at me on sight. I can play as a gorilla, or a cannibal, or a scientist or a gang member, or a investment banker (who LOVES cocaine) or a comedian or all kinds of things. I need to find friends to play this with though...........this game gets a 9/10 from me, and Im sure it will be a 10 when they release the new zones and seed options...PS I'm so alone please release me from this hell."
,Recommended,512900,33342195,Posted: 7 July,all,WinAce,Murphy's Law: The Game
76561198065138775,Recommended,512900,33761073,Posted: 24 July,all,WhiteyMcCrackerhonkey,"As of writing this; 7/24/2017,""Early Access""  Alpha 29G4, 24 Hours at this point in time.Personally, I don't think I have enough good things to say about this game. It has hooked me in a way not very many games do. I can't say i've ever roamed the slums as a lowlife dweller, Drank whiskey, found a rock and a used syringe in a trashcan, then polluted and air filter to a drug den with said syringe to find out its poison, Which causes the dealers and goons to loose a lot of health. Then run on in with a rock and throw it at everyone untill no one is left alive in a game before.Tons of fun. More then tons. I can wait untill its release. It has so much promiss of being a Game of the year. At least in my eyes. Cheers Matt Browhateverthe♥♥♥♥. Games top♥♥♥♥♥♥bro! 9/10 for me and wish I could support them more. Yet, its still early alpha. This games going to be incredable when its fully released."
,Recommended,512900,33501620,Posted: 13 July,all,laz3dots,"One of the best, if not THE best, Rogue-like I've played, a true gem and totally worth its price.It's kind of a GTA-like because you are in ""floors"" of a city and you can roam around and completly destroy that city.It also remind me of RPGs beacause of the class system, level ups and the overall progression of your character.And every run is different from another: the levels are proceduraly generated, your missions are random, your traits (bonuses you choose when leveling up) are aswell, every class is different and even with the same class it plays differently because of all that randomness, because of the items you get and because of your environment.This game is a ton of fun (when you see the guy you need to kill walking in its own flame thrower for exemple) but still remains stressful (when you failed your backstab and see an army of bad guys shooting at you). And the balance between going berserk and being a ghost is well drawn: they both makes you feel strong at first, but when you ♥♥♥♥ up....well you'll understand.If you love Rogue-likes, buy it and if you don't like them give it a try, it feels similar and different at the same time so it might suit you.10/10 would chloroform bartenders again."
76561198065063567,Recommended,512900,33502421,Posted: 13 July,all,[WOTN] SatelliteJedi [2R-E],"Oh great, another rogue like, perma death, procedurally generated dungeon crawler....NO, this is THE rogue like, perma death, procedurally generated dungeon crawler. Except I wouldn't call it a dungeon crawler, it's more like a cityscape navigator in that each level (floor) is alive with activity that may not have the slightest bit to do with the character. Not all NPCs are hostile unless you make them so, and sometimes solutions to problems come without violence. This isn't a mindless shooter, you will be rewarded for creative thinking when approaching missions. I want each and every one of you to play this game to experience what I have experienced that I cannot aptly put into words.A slew of diverse character classes that change the approach you take to the game (I can't wait to see more!)NPC diplomacy and hiring systemDecent stealth mechanicsFun physicsMany ways to playDrunken Gorillas!This is the perfect example of a developer taking a simple concept and creating such a level of depth to it that I was blown away"
,Recommended,512900,33549908,Posted: 14 July,all,Tomato,"-Fun-Play at your own pace (Either go real fast or thouroughly do everything on each floor)-Simple to grasp, yet complex with weapons, items, heroes and etc.-FRIKIN ZOMBIES-BOOMS-SHOOTS-SLAPS-CO OP (but I don't have friends so I can't try this :( )-The game is REAL cheap. Seriously. Is good price.BUY IT U FRIKIN DWEEB"
,Recommended,512900,30663013,Posted: 21 March,all,Oscar,"I bought this game hoping it would nail the 'tackle problems how you want' gameplay. The local co-op is tight, the gameplays fun no matter how you like it, and I can thankfully answer yes."
,Recommended,512900,34008797,Posted: 3 August,all,SO3A,"I gave a jock a pill and he destroyed the world.This is one of the most fun games I've played in a while. If you have your doubts on buying it because of it being a rogue-like, at least get it for the local / online multiplayer. It's beyond nuts, I haven't had this much of a blast in ages."
76561198030576738,Recommended,512900,34809461,Posted: 8 September,all,[GBW] ReFT,"I got this for split screen play and wasn't disappointed, it's surprisingly in depth for the sort of game it looks to be!"
76561198178799281,Recommended,512900,30763683,Posted: 26 March,all,Theriault,"For real thought, if the mayor banned chicken nuggets I'd start a revolution too."
,Recommended,512900,35165052,Posted: 23 September,all,Dr.PotatoSalad,"play this game, it's tons of fun and still has more content coming. With over 100 hrs under my belt I can say I still love to play this game."
,Recommended,512900,30664396,Posted: 22 March,all,Lemony,"Kinda like Binding of isaac, but with comedy and guns and a whole bunch more awesome classes"
76561198002851762,Recommended,512900,33166021,Posted: 2 July,all,amazon zane,"I'm not one for writing (long) reviews by any means. But if you are on the fence about grabbing this game, step off the fence, and walk into the street. This is MAD fun. I highly recommended convincing or buying a copy for a friend or two to play with. The antics that occur are super funny every time everybody dies or the town goes crazy.It's a great game to stream no matter what kind of streamer you are, it plays well with controller and or mouse/keyboard.Basically, every run is different, and not in the dead cells or isaac kind of way. It's different like you really have to think about how you want to run each quest. It's kind of like a fun little roguelike, animal crossing, and heist had a sweet sweet lovechild.Just play it, seriously."
,Recommended,512900,32854486,Posted: 27 June,all,Stuff||C,Played this game before it was on steam. The dev added a ton of new content and i am hyped for every update that comes out because you get to play new characters and explore new levels. The dev interacts with his community and actualy adds stuff to the game that the community asked for (example: the canibal as a playable character).
,Recommended,512900,30690344,Posted: 23 March,all,Jivin,"Very fun so far, I would recommend it to anyone who likes rogue-like games. I cannot wait for the game to be finished."
76561198311149296,Recommended,512900,34656236,Posted: 1 September,all,Dongle Thief,Hard as nails. good fun game 9/10
,Recommended,512900,30579404,Posted: 17 March,all,Mak,"Awesome. One of the most unusual Rogue-like game, of the last few years. Cant wait full release version!And ofc, coop! <3"
76561198258441846,Recommended,512900,32631196,Posted: 21 June,all,Cayrem,do you like the binding of isaac or enter the gungeon well make it  objective based and give it a inventory and make it objetive based then you have this game and if you like those games its for you plus there is alot of charaters i give it a 10/10 (and steam workshop is coming sone)
,Not Recommended,512900,33154124,Posted: 2 July,all,Wulf,"There are a lot of items, classes, and choices in how to go about completing quests. However, it still feels like there is not much to do in this game.A lot of what makes classes unique is the items they start with. As soon as you use up those items though, the class no longer feels unique.A lot of money is required and you don't get much of it. There are ways to scrounge up money, however you will then be forced to play in 1 or 2 specific ways to do it.On one of the levels, every 20 seconds a radiation strike occurred forcing you to be indoors or you take damage. This felt like it was only there to waste time and also prevented you from playing your way. It was impossible to scope out a building, figure out how to enter it, and deal with the people and traps inside.Maybe I'll check out the game again when it's fully released."
,Recommended,512900,30497611,Posted: 13 March,all,jMf,Played through the free weekend solo and a group of 4. I must say this game is a blast and already snagged copies for us. I cant wait to see this game grow!
,Recommended,512900,30468036,Posted: 12 March,all,King Megascience,"I was lucky enough to have discovered this game back in Alpha 6 or 7 - it has come a long way from the early days. The dev is committed, and he keeps the promises he makes. If you have an issue, he will do whatever he can to fix it. This is what people imagined Early Access would be used for before it became the clusterf*ck it is today.Imagine the freedom of Deus Ex, the tone of Saints Row, and the gameplay of an early GTA. Actually, stop imagining. Buy it."
76561197975912077,Recommended,512900,30439978,Posted: 10 March,all,Vicarious,"SCORE7 / 10TLDRAn incredibly promising title for fans of the rogue-like genre.  The developer updates the game constantly.  It is light on content right now, but additional content is being added consistentlyPOSITIVESComedy is on point. Hilarious dialogueGameplay is great, the game's controls are easy to use and allow for fast and frantic actionIt doesn't block you from performing actions. Nothing is off limits. I dropped a boombox on the ground and then lured half tghe level to it, they were stuck dancing while I tossed a grenade into the crowd. took me at least a minute to finish looting hahahNEGATIVESLack of content is the only thing that is currently holding this game back.Date Reviewed4/4/2017PLAYTIME2.6 HrsMore Game Reviews"
,Recommended,512900,30459061,Posted: 11 March,all,Point Man,"I don't usually partake in the whole ""free weekend"" thing for games, but this time I was curious on how this game plays, so I did. Let me tell you, I did not regret playing this game. Even as it's early access I see great potiental in this game and in it's current state I find it incredibly fun with the current content in it. It is for that reason I have decided to purchace the game and is eagar to see what new content shall be coming next."
76561198066297673,Recommended,512900,30438766,Posted: 10 March,all,Porkachu,"What a great game!For a while I was looking for a game that tested creativity without stumping the player.In this game you go around each floor completing objectives or quests. There are many ways to approach each objective or quest and that's where the fun comes in. Will you run and gun your way through while taking mutiple enemies at once? Will you set up distractions and pick off the enemies one by one? Will you set your enemies against eachother and then go in at the end as a clean-up crew? Or will you just stealth your way through?For a game in Alpha I can do nothing but reccomend it. The developer is active on his discord channel. Things this game has coming.Seeding - This is a Rogue Like game which means perma death. However with seeds you will be able to play the same world more than once. This also opens up oppurtunities for racing your friends.Custom Characters - Streets of Rogue has many unlockable and playable characters to choose from. But in the future you will be able to create your own.Custom Mutators - Currently in order to spice the game up you can play with mutators, an extra set of rules that the game applies beforehand to each level. For example one of them makes it so the game runs at 1.3 speed making everything faster. Another makes it so everybody has rocket launchers! Custom mutators are on their way and then it's up to you to decide what happens.More items - This game has a variety of items and gadgets. With more to come!New levels - As of right now the game only has a small amount of levels and worlds. But the new ones will be added later and in the mean time there is a mutator that works as sort of a new game plus type deal.This game is totaly worth the money it costs and it's not even close to being finished yet.Also if you ever get bored playing alone...There is Local and Online Co-op!"
,Recommended,512900,30673995,Posted: 22 March,all,Papa Dan,Lots of unique and fun characters to play in this early access. Local co-op works great.
,Recommended,512900,30690109,Posted: 23 March,all,Dochambers,"Very fun, local coop can be played very hectic or planned out like a stealth game. lots of variety with ways to accomplish missions."
76561198062083348,Recommended,512900,33052666,Posted: 30 June,all,I_Love_Magic<3 /)^3^(\,This game is random and amazing!
76561198086934447,Recommended,512900,32989761,Posted: 29 June,all,Stickman100,"I just bought this on sale, i loved the demo, but erm... this is having technical difficulties. I followed the troubleshooting page and fixed the resolution issue on the window, but now all is shown is a small blue dot *possibly being hit by a light* and all around it is black, so basically, a black screen.. I will still reccomend this, just needs some fixes."
76561198045493331,Recommended,512900,33021291,Posted: 29 June,all,The Manta Ray,10/10 good game
,Recommended,512900,31774870,Posted: 15 May,all,DeadeyeDave,"This game is a blast.PROS:-It has the same ""procedurally-generated wacky series of events chaotically unfolding into a violent tide of madness"" thing going on that games like Spelunky do so well.-NPCs going about their daily lives AI works well, and the results are often hilarious when your wrecking ball of a character intersects with their peaceful existences.-Great for anyone who is nostalgic for top-down brawl-n-shoots like Grand Theft Auto 2. It's not as tight and fast as Hotline Miami, but it has something of that game in it.-Nice soundtrack.-Good amount of depth already, for an early-access indie game. Lots of unlockables, and I'm always finding new and interesting ways to interact with the world or use items and abilities in unexpected ways. Yet it's still very approchable and easy to learn.-Co-op multiplayer, both online and on the same machine. It even lets you have P1 play with mouse and keyboard and P2 play with controller. Playing with a friend ups the fun factor immensely.CONS:-Artwork is pretty lazy. Most of the character sprites are servicible; different player and NPC sprites are distinctive enough despite the retro-pixel minimalism. But overall it is clear that good spritework was not a priority. The dev even kind of admits it in a fourth-wall-breaking way. This is excusable because it's a tiny studio and an alpha release, and it doesn't detract from the gameplay at all. If corners had to be cut to get the game into a playable state, cutting corners on art was the right decision. That said, I do hope the art gets improved before they declare this game finished, because it's sub-par.-To unlock new items, traits, and challenges, you have to walk around the ""Resistance HQ"" and talk to people, instead of just pressing up and down to scroll through a menu. It's kind of inconvenient. That's it, it's an incredibly tiny quibble that I only mention because I want a second thing in ""Cons.""IN SUMMARY:This game is worth the price in its current form, and if all the features that are promised do eventually come out, it'll be an even greater bargain. If you're a fan of movies like Hobo With A Shotgun, Blue Ruin, Rambo, or even Rise of the Planet of the Apes, you'll find something to love here."
76561198045052521,Recommended,512900,30774076,Posted: 27 March,all,Lt. Cal,"I have had more fun messing around in this game then almost any in the past year of releases and new games and terrible Aaa games. The sheer creativity and freedom and randomness combines the best of classics like nethack and other rogue likes with the freedom of a open world game, and throw in random events and incredibly diverse characters with unique playstyles and constraints, in a gorgeously put together 8bit-y artstyle that just works. Well worth it.  I forsee many many hours in this game. Even better with couch coop."
,Recommended,512900,33210680,Posted: 3 July,all,Fauteux,"-Played for a little bit, liked the game alot-unlocked doctor-Played as Doctor, realizing I can stealth around chloroforming people-Started pretending I was a more brutal Dr Kevorkian-Love this gameAnd yes, when I play as gorilla, I think I'm Harambes son out for revenge"
76561198051750296,Recommended,512900,33207307,Posted: 3 July,all,medaca,"This game is one of the funnest games I have played in a long time. If you're like me - a thirty something male, full time job, kids, and a wife - you don't have too much time for games.But this game, this is a game you have time for. You can pick it up, play, have a great time, and be done until the next time.Don't get me wrong, time flies when you are playing this excellent game. But you don't need to invest hours and hours to have fun.Don't forget - try as many crazy things you can thing of - the results can be quite hilarious!Great game, great developer!"
76561198003078799,Recommended,512900,33048344,Posted: 30 June,all,Darksoul,"Believe the other reviews. This is a fantastically fun game which has far exceeded my expectations. The gameplay is super fun, there are multiple ways to beat levels, and the music is addictive. It feels like a finished product now, but the developer is still working on the game, adding features, and promises to add additional levels and music. Sweet!"
,Recommended,512900,33165720,Posted: 2 July,all,The Doge Guy,If you like messing around in a destructible world be it with friends or alone. This is the game for you.
,Recommended,512900,33075807,Posted: 1 July,all,Tyler Bryan I Trader,"Honestly, this game is AMAZING!!I would definitely recommend this game to everyone.The variety is amazing.REALLY FUN to plat with your friends when there over. (+works with controllers AND keyboard at the same time)I bought this game when it was on sale and I would have bought it 4 the full price 2."
,Recommended,512900,33239328,Posted: 4 July,all,Pity Pit,"This rogue-like has given me more things to do in each level than I've ever been given in any other rogue-like.Grab it, it's tons of fun."
,Recommended,512900,33246913,Posted: 4 July,all,Mystical InSaNe KUNG FU Bunny,Fun and addicting game. Hopefully it stays that way at full release.
,Recommended,512900,33643165,Posted: 18 July,all,CaptCorpMURICA,A quick and enjoyable game to pass a little time.
,Recommended,512900,33163870,Posted: 2 July,all,Danté,Very fun. Still in early access so I expect more fun to come but for an early access it's still enjoyable. I hope so much more content is released and more happens to this game. For now though I reccommend it!
,Recommended,512900,33449106,Posted: 10 July,all,ThE LaSt GuY,"when i seen this game on steam it was love at first sight and plays like a dream <3 almost 17 hours in-game so far and much much more to come >:3-Update- 25 hours now and new zombie class came out, its so fun over-running the whole map with your zombie army lmao! watch them scream in fear as they run for they're lives!"
76561198057815250,Recommended,512900,33216157,Posted: 3 July,all,GloriouSin,"Amazing. Simply amazing with near unlimited potential. Also you can be a hackerman on a quest o hack the world, cmon.EDIT 1: 10 hours in and almost all chars unlocked (that Blahd, i need my gansters to do stuff for me not kill them! ;) You might say the fun has just begun.Game is still constantly updated and the Dev himself does the support, lots of job, huge and effective bugfixes every odd week.expected playtime so far: probably at least 1200 hours.If you like Postal, GTA2 and Deus Ex... then say your life byebye and start playing DANGIT! ;p"
,Recommended,512900,33562928,Posted: 15 July,all,Binary Delusion,Controller still isnt working Guessing it has to do with my racing wheel drivers seem to be the root cause even when not connected However Keyboard works and its a Very fun game. I really enjoy playing the Shapeshifter or Soldier but mostly cause one makes things go boom the other is just a down and dirty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ troll character so fun... I would say that the variaty between charactersis good i'd like to see more tailored missions and tasks to the character your playing in the future but they do alright for now. each character feels worth the effort and there are easy roads like the Docs Knockout ability to get the Assassin. over all i want more and expand on the variaty of missions. good game 9/10
,Recommended,512900,33086774,Posted: 1 July,all,TBU | Dim!,"Thats it. This game has changed my life. mk if you like a long♥♥♥♥♥paragraph to explain the game it will be at the bottom, the top will be a pro/con listPROS AND CONS___________Pros..........................-Way to fun for its own good-Multiplayer-Good community-AMAZING OST-(im dead serious, the music is top notch)-no really, it is-Great visuals-Character based system (more detail on why its good in the long review)-A soon-to-come character creation menu CCCCC:-Wide variety of items-Fun disasters every 3rd stage-Different ways of completing your mission-The developer is REALLY open to the fans ideas :D-Ima end it now as its getting stretched-buy the gameCONS--------There isnt a save customization type option to save the look of your characters.-I cant think of much elseLONG♥♥♥♥♥REVIEW TIME!---------------------------You cant hate a game thats storyline revolves ultimately around limited beer and high taxes.Welcome to STREETS OF ROGUE, the worlds only (Insert the mouthful of tags here)! The game starts out in slums, an underground town like area. your main objective given by the resistance is to assasinate the mayor because of taxes and beer basically :). The games storyline related stuff is far from finished, but everything else so far is polished. Theres bugs in the game and whatnot but most fans in the discord chat are sending SS and messages to help let the dev about them! the community of this game is really nice and really helpful towards the developer! but back to the game. you get to select so many characters with special abilities that help you decide how you get to the end of each stage. The game is roguelike as seen. you complete a couple missions on each stage and the elavator opens allowing you to advance upward. simple enough, but every 3rd level a disaster starts. it can be something like RIOTiNG, where random npcs go agro on literally everyone else. or something like one KILLER ROBOT THAT CHASES YOU DOWN WITH AN RPG, ATTEMPTING TO KILL YOU AT ALL THEIR MIGHT! but there are really fun side things you can do to help you past most of these objectives, items, weapons, and drugs. Theres pills like the gigantisizer which makes you a giant able to crush through most objects. (WHICH IS AWESOME! :DDD) But multiplayer makes the game so much funnier. And useful at that! theres bugs and whatnot but easily overlooked when you are blasting through goons, scientists, cannibals, soldiers and MUCH, MUCH more! the ost is spectacular and theres a song for each level! and they fit the tone of the map as well! oh yeah, also each level is randomly generated ;)Listen, just buy the damn game. If it doesnt look appealing to you then go back to ya stinky hellhole of a steam library and play your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sakura games ;)"
,Recommended,512900,34379533,Posted: 20 August,all,Fluff | GamersUN,"When I first saw this game on steam, I thought that it looked KINDA cool, so I bought it. I was right. The humor, fast-paced gameplay of this game is the perfect mix. The developer also adds in new classes, new items, new levels, ect. So once you've gotten pretty much everything in the game, it's still not boring.PROS:-Funny humor-Interesting mechanics-A game this great in Early Access-MultiplayerCONS:-A bit overpriced (I would probably pay $10 for this, but at least it's not $20 like it used to be.)-Mechanics and items are getting a bit overwhelmingOverall, an awesome game.(Tip: If you want to make this game even better, open discord and invite your friends to a private server in streets of rogue. Hilarity will insue!)"
,Recommended,512900,30472574,Posted: 12 March,all,Love,After trying the free weekend for this game I had to get this game!It's one of a kind and is probably one of the best co-op games i've played in awhile.PROS* Can play as a f*cking gorilla and make a gorilla army.* Giant f*cking robot chases you down in one of the levels and makes for hetic gameplay.* Amazing to play co-op.* Fun and interesting roster of characters to choose from and unlock.* Music that was stuck in my head the next day after playing this game.* You can do lots of drugs and grow super huge and wreck sh*t.* Theres a character you can play as where you can control npc's.* Fast pace and each run is different.* Jock can run through buildings and smash the entire map with his running powers.* Stop reading this buy the damn game already.Cons- Gorilla class needs to be nerfed to op and is meta right now.- Freezes often when using keyboard only
,Recommended,512900,33270822,Posted: 5 July,all,Jonny Law,"Haven't been addicted to game like I have with this in a long time. The game is in early alpha and still already has so much to offer. The replayability is amazing, even for only for 3 city themes, 9 maps in total.What makes this great is that every map is randomly generated, and the characters are all fun to play with; you can find your own play style!Reminds me of the old-school GTA. Highly recommended! Worth the $15!"
76561198261583273,Recommended,512900,30661717,Posted: 21 March,all,3313169427,"very good game, you can get more fun when you play with your friends."
76561198138460457,Recommended,512900,31695158,Posted: 11 May,all,elinathanc,"Blown AWAY, Every bit of programming and AI has me giggling and HOT DAMN IS IT FUN WITH FRIENDS!!! You guys don't need any real advice from a simpleton, just keep letting that imagination flow out into this. Though Can there be a mutator to make bullets smaller? Im okay with spread, but I would like to go super hard core, but thankfully the developers have already put some pretty good mutators in the game so we can get a taste of the pain"
,Recommended,512900,30660462,Posted: 21 March,all,Kiki162,"Great game combined with a great soundtrack, I haven't even got half the items and mutations in the game yet and I'm already having a blast."
76561198023233771,Recommended,512900,33583253,Posted: 16 July,all,emdash,"Played this game on Itch and am glad to see the consistent updates on Steam.This game is a joy to play, and has a goofy, fun sensibility that lends itself perfectly to the style of gameplay. This is an alpha that's more fun than half the finished AAA games in my library, and one to keep your eye on. Well worth the buy, even in early access.This game does a great job of giving the player a ton of ways to solve problems, and usually rewards creativity with hilarity and chaos. It's a blast. If you're skeptical, give the demo on Itch a whirl and see what you're missing."
,Recommended,512900,31888827,Posted: 21 May,all,Nibble,"This game sucks you in. With so many ways to complete missions, and so many unique characters, it never gets old. Add on top of that 4 player local co-op and online play, and you have an amazing experience for only $15."
76561198268717353,Recommended,512900,31896001,Posted: 21 May,all,rafism352,"Do you like guns? Do you like explosions? Do you like missions? Do you like roguelikes? Do you like playing as gangsters, gorillas, wrestlers, comedians, soldiers, theives, doctors, scientists, and other characters. Do you just want to have a jolly good time? Then this is the game for you!!!1!!!"
76561198312420707,Recommended,512900,33316961,Posted: 6 July,all,prefamulated amulite,The currency is tendies.Nuff said.
,Recommended,512900,33408840,Posted: 9 July,all,Dougie Jones,Best rogue-lite since Isaac.
,Recommended,512900,30461181,Posted: 11 March,all,snorp08,"I played this game when it was free on itch.io, had super fun with it. I got like 8 hours out of it there, so its definitely worth 13$ (I got it on sale, I'm also sure its worth 15$)"
,Recommended,512900,32835893,Posted: 26 June,all,BARRY FROM THE BEE MOVIE,AWESOMMEEE!!!!
,Recommended,512900,34181368,Posted: 11 August,all,UDONFUPNOW,It's an interesting game with great content. It gets better with every alpha. Excellent for multiplayer or solo play. I like that the game has different methods to play or complete the mission. Whether that's being sneaky and clever or going in guns blazing it's definitely a good choice if you need to procrastinate or whatever.
,Recommended,512900,33084150,Posted: 1 July,all,sir swordinface,"tons and tons and tons of replayability, this game is regularly updated (patch 28c, thats since march!) lots of characters to choose from all make you think and react to the randomly generated levels differently with an interesting world, still havent quite gotten out of the slums though XD i did one time okay.story time:bought a slavetold slave to stand guard right next to the guy i had to killdetonated slavekilled target instantlymission acomplished i am a heartless monster"
,Recommended,512900,31306027,Posted: 22 April,all,ABS_Page,"Having over 55 hours of playtime and having unlocked all of the acheivements, it is an enormously fun game, keeping in mind that it is still in it's alpha, and it has many different ways to play with different mutators (special things for runs like ""No Guns,"" or ""No Melee Weapons"" and things like that). He has an update every other thursday, and I am constantly excited for them. I really enjoy it, and all of the characters are so good that several tie for my first place vote. The developer, Madguy, is constantly reading and posting in the forums. Just this last update he fixed hundreds of bugs including one or two that I had brought to his attention! Also, keep in mind that this is an early-access game, which can be both a blessing and a curse. Granted, every game has bugs, but early access games are more prone to them, for we are the testers who find them! Madguy is very persistant in listening to the community's suggestions. He recently added a new character because many people were wanting to play it! All things considered, I give this a 10/10, and would play again! (I do!)"
76561198220311863,Recommended,512900,35168968,Posted: 23 September,all,sirdanielthereader,Great game.
,Recommended,512900,35174533,Posted: 24 September,all,Dylanarino,"its a brilliant game, lots of depth and so much to do even though its still in early access.I've only played for a few hours so far but I must say its one of my favourite games to come out of early accessI would recommend you pick it up and play it yourself, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,512900,35161941,Posted: 23 September,all,braboobssiere,the game is good.. grab the free version to play on itch.io first if you're hesitate to buy it
,Recommended,512900,31592608,Posted: 6 May,all,Spooky Rage Boy,9/10
76561197970464457,Recommended,512900,34203290,Posted: 12 August,all,Hand Banana,"this game ROCKS!!!!!I can't stress that enough.  This game fills a need for people like me (an 80's kid) who miss when the majority of games used to be good.  It's still in alpha.  BUT IT IS AMAZINGYou can create your own characters, customize the rules of the game, kill, steal, arrest, hack, enslave and just do all those things you know you really want to do in other games.  It's a pixelart, NES ""Zelda"" type feel where your imagination is the limit for how much fun you can have with it.  It's a simple ""on this floor, do these things"" but the fact that you can destroy anything (in some cases, only with the right amount of explosives), kill anyone, be anyone makes this game superb.  Where else can you play as a monkey and beat scientists with a shovel?  It's a fresh take on adventure gaming that the world of PC games so desperatly needed.  I urege you to buy this, support the devs (they're awesome people, btw) and help make this game the success it diserves to be.  There are hours and hours of hilariousness and schinanagins to be had.11/10  this is hands down my all time favorite game (tied with Postal2-AW7)."
,Recommended,512900,32707702,Posted: 23 June,all,treddy73,Nearly 800 people rated this game overwhelmingly positive.  It is an absolute joy to play and the developer seems dedicated to making this the best roguelike on the market.  I have absolute confidence this will be *the* roguelike game to own.
,Recommended,512900,32905963,Posted: 27 June,all,Naked,"Great game, i'm having alot of fun playing solo and coop with my friends"
76561198052314356,Recommended,512900,31217665,Posted: 18 April,all,Stealthio,"Finally an amazing early access gameStreets of Rogue is an amazing Rogue-Lite game with many unique ideas. You make your way through randomly generated maps with randomly generated tasks while it's always left upon you how to approach them.GameplayAt the beginning of each playthrough you must pick one of many different characters which have a big impact on the way you will play the game as each of these characters have unique abilities and advantages.Let's take the doctor as an example,when playing as the doctor you are unable to wield any weapons but you can disable people from behind with clorophorm. This forces you to focus on stealth instead of relying on weaponry like you probably would with the soldier character.After picking your character you enter a randomly generated map with many different buildings and npcs while most of the npcs are representations of the characters you get to choose from. There are also objectives randomly genereated for  each map which vary from ""eliminate this guy"" to ""rescue that guy"". Most tasks can be solved in different ways. You can use violence and just kill everybody or you could persuade or bribe people to get to your objective. The freedom of choice in how you tackle your objectives is what makes this game so great in my opinion.As of right now there is a little lack of content as there are only two different areas playable but there are more to be added. The content right now offers enough replayability by giving you the possibility to add mutators and play daily challenges.SoundtrackThis game offers unique and good soundtracks varying for each stage. Nothing bad to say here in my opinion.PerformanceI'm playing this game on the following specs:Gigabyte GTX1070I7-377012 GB DDR3 RAMIt runs smooth most of the time. I've encountered some performance problems in the Industrial area when there were too many effects and particles at the same time visible on the screen.I can't say anything about the multiplayer as I have not tried it yet.ConclusionAwesome game for anybody who loves Rogue-like games. It's already worth playing even though it's still in development.  Just try it out for yourself!"
76561198219381595,Recommended,512900,31264368,Posted: 20 April,all,RenJia123,Great game I have played at least 30 hours on this game before it was realeased on steam.  I really enjoyed playing this game and I found it to be a unique expeireince.  If you don't want to kill anyone you don't have to.  If you want to blow up everything in sight you can.  This game has a ton of different ways you can play with many unique items and classes.  Every playthrough I've had has been different with all the different classes and procedurally generated worlds.   This game has tons of potential and the developers really care about the game and do a good job at listening to community feedback.  Matt Dabrowski (the developer)  has put tons of work into the game and I would definitly check it out.  Trust me when I say you won't regret it.
76561198045253652,Recommended,512900,33198872,Posted: 3 July,all,Redbugman,"I just bought this game yesterday and have already unlocked all of the characters and have nine hours of playtime. This is still in alpha? That's unbelievable. This game is hilarious, addicting, and has hilarious scenario after hilarious scenario packed into every randomly-generated map. You're given so much freedom to approach each mission however you want. I'm still in awe of how awesome this game is..."
,Recommended,512900,33101271,Posted: 1 July,all,Spidden,"First of all, its in early access and already amazing. Play as a gorilla and rip your enemies apart with bare fists, play as a hacker and take advantage of your surroundings, play as a shape shifter and stroll right past enemies. You can approach this game with stealth, or gun blazing action. Either way its great fun, i reccommend buying it before they raise the price. The devolopers are active."
,Recommended,512900,31398998,Posted: 27 April,all,Dr Thaddeous Longthorn,"Well. its very simple, i and my dog were playing this game. and he noticed there was a werewolf character... so he started asking me some weird question. for example ""is a werewolf the result of a man and a dog having sex?"", now, i do have a masters degree in religion, so i explained to my dog that a were wolf is one of the creatures that noah threw off the ark as a result of genetic malfunctions... (dont believe any of this humans and dogs cant breed nonesense, they can and it is wrong.)... what were we talkign about? i dont know...the game gets 10/10 considering its an alpha release. but 3/10 cause the characters are too easy to unlock."
76561198371527958,Recommended,512900,30441088,Posted: 10 March,all,LeafyLover69,"Personally, I think the game is really well made and very fun. However, the biggest problem I've noticed so far is that sometimes it will kick me out of the entire game while I am playing, and although I do not lose my save of that life, it is beginning to be sort of frustrating to deal with."
,Recommended,512900,34176749,Posted: 11 August,all,Tarradax,"Started the game as a Hacker.Found a fridge.Hacked it.Only had one option, ""Run"".Fridge sprinted forward right into me.Died.10/10 would try outrunning a fridge again."
,Recommended,512900,34246867,Posted: 14 August,all,pyro|oryp,a great game to play with friendsa great game to play alonea great game to destroy stuffa great game to killa great game to mess aboutall in all its a great gamei love the style of the game and that there are many ways to play
76561198098531833,Recommended,512900,31509732,Posted: 2 May,all,Yamatoklok,"Streets of Rogue is a very interesting title. Like most other games in the genre levels are randomly generated and progress is unlocking more content in the game in forms of perks items and characters. But the category in which this game excells is making options. Characters differ very far from one to another, so evrey character needs a very different playstyle, with the medic you need to sneak up on people and make them unconsious because you cannot use regular weapons, with the soldier you kill evreyone you see to get more Ammo for your guns and wit hthe Hacker you prepare evrey Attack and try to not make the police angry at you so you will survive longer, just to mention a few characters and my playstyles with them, other characters require vastly different playstyles and you need to get creative sometimes to do your Tasks on the floor to get more Chicken Nuggets to unlock more stuff."
76561198042780758,Recommended,512900,31304673,Posted: 22 April,all,Siliziumwesen,Picked the doctor and started to knock out people from behind with cloroform and stealing their stuff ....got killed by an random killerrobot with rocketlauncher who was hunting me because of reasons. Picked Soldier. Freed a gorilla from evil scientsts and i whacked some nutbag with an battleaxe until he exploded... Then there were bombs raining from the sky causing chaos everywhere.I enjoy that game a lot. It is in early acces though but its a lot of fun. It has a lot of potential and I hope the developers will keep up the good work. Also it has an awesome soundtrack.
,Recommended,512900,30689012,Posted: 23 March,all,Music Of Freedom,All i can say is.. This is good and will become better and better as it grows. :D
76561198013817351,Recommended,512900,30434995,Posted: 10 March,all,mRminiCo,Auto buy after I saw they made this game up to 4 players. I've played the alpha for some time me and my friend had a BLAST not much games are sandbox and local play. This game is really fun and gives you TONS of tools to spice up your gameplay. I deff reccomend for everyone to buy especially if you're trying to find a game to just have fun and do dumb stuff.
,Recommended,512900,30681247,Posted: 23 March,all,Willsoon,Played demo before coming to steam and its way better now so worth the $
,Recommended,512900,34039134,Posted: 5 August,all,Marsha,"If this game was a spoon,it would be a good spoon"
,Recommended,512900,30510146,Posted: 14 March,all,angehow,"Played this at PAX East this past weekend with my brother, and died laughing the entire time -- got home and we both bought it immediately. The multiplayer is silly fun, the gameplay is hilarious, and the whole vibe of the game is really nostalgic, for someone who grew up playing Streets of Rage and has sunk many an hour into Binding of Isaac!"
76561198001114453,Recommended,512900,30471982,Posted: 12 March,all,(SpYlot),More! More! More!
,Recommended,512900,32213283,Posted: 5 June,all,el tucc,this game is awesome.
,Recommended,512900,32664541,Posted: 22 June,all,Pico,"I haven't played this game too long, however I'm enjoying the hell out of it. I don't have anything really constructive to write; I enjoy the many ways I can solve missions, gives it a very open feel.Thanks dev."
,Recommended,512900,30486469,Posted: 13 March,all,LanceL,"The game was free to play during weekends, so i tried out.Unexpectedly good for an alpha game, sadly only 2 levels available.If you like pixelated games, this is a good buy. Kinda like Terraria + Prison architect without the minecraft part.(More fun with friends or GF)"
,Recommended,512900,33244901,Posted: 4 July,all,Magicbeans,"-Make it to the end of the Park 3-3-I did it. I'm so happy that I got this far-I'm so close to the mayor now-Hit my E key for the elevator to bring me to the next level-Instead of teleporting, I spontaneously explode-My expression: ಠ_ಠ-Developer, in a message, explains all levels aren't completed yet-Relieved and distressed at the same timeThis game is an emotional rollar coaster 10/10"
76561197995209569,Recommended,512900,30953234,Posted: 4 April,all,Zal,I give it a perfect 5/7
,Recommended,512900,33196160,Posted: 3 July,all,Good Grief,THis game is a near perfect work
76561198158690328,Recommended,512900,30829650,Posted: 30 March,all,⎛⎝ IR ⎠⎞,1. Release the gorila2. gorila start attacking scientist3. whole city going crazy4. Arsenal???5. Profit
,Recommended,512900,30519372,Posted: 14 March,all,Original Punkcln,"Street of Rogue is a dynamic open-end action adventure game. The game is brutal and has some elements representing dark side of humanity, but it still has a great amount of humorous dialogues and characters. Each time you load into a mission; the map, tasks, NPCs, traps, and tools will randomly placed, making this game unpredictable and increases the replay ability to the maximum. You will be a part of the resistance fighting throughout the slums in order to put an end to the major. There are many different characters you can play as; each one will have his/her own ability that can make certain missions a lot easier. However, this game is still in an alpha stage, and I hope it will have mods support in the future. Should you buy this game? Yes, this game is the boredom's killer."
,Recommended,512900,30637387,Posted: 20 March,all,Guardian_Angel,"It's like Spelunky! Streets of Rogue has a good variety of mechanics, a pleasing soundtrack, generates tons of funny moments and plays like a blast in multiplayer co-op. More content should be added during the development process, bringing even more diversity into the game. On top of all that, the game has a fairly cheap pricing.Streets of Rogue is recommended to buy!"
,Recommended,512900,31929334,Posted: 23 May,all,乁(N=N)ㄏ,"Its just great, the Game mechanics are  very good.In my Time playing this Game i had much fun. Even when sometimes i just died caus of some nonsense..^^Pros:- Balanced weapons- Great game mechanic ( interaction with the world )- Funny modeling and skin- More than 60Fps constantly- Active developer- Good Sounds- Coop mode*Cons:- Bad Coop connection- Randomly get attackt from enemy with eyes in their back of the head- sometimes its to Easy or Your just gona struggle*Coop mode is a very good element of this game. I playd it with my friend and its great for making a strategy or what ever you plan is. But my friend got often connections issus or generel laags.overall this game is fantastic BUY IT"
76561198072558569,Recommended,512900,33166400,Posted: 2 July,all,koalaminion,I already love it.
,Recommended,512900,30520421,Posted: 14 March,all,Maddy,punched slave. gets blown up.prefect game 10/10
76561198031871426,Recommended,512900,30589151,Posted: 18 March,all,ECMA 262,Another Throne
76561198220477800,Recommended,512900,31408151,Posted: 27 April,all,I'm in Space!!!!,Hooks you in right from the tutorial.10/♥♥♥♥ing 10!
,Recommended,512900,31410425,Posted: 28 April,all,AmnesiacJack,Be the monkey.
76561198015083749,Recommended,512900,33185048,Posted: 3 July,all,StayLifted,"Hard, fresh, like a top down rogue like deus ex."
,Recommended,512900,33204231,Posted: 3 July,all,ChogNosh Bunggaloid,"Great game so far, I enjoy it thoroughly. amazing how much content there is for the cost and space it takes up."
,Recommended,512900,32713844,Posted: 23 June,all,LVL 99 Slime,Worthwhile and fun as is.Only up from here.
,Recommended,512900,33167604,Posted: 2 July,all,oBBicer oBBice,"Like a hotline miami rogue like, very fun. Most early access games suck the poop from my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and take my money like Day Z but this game makes me nut."
,Recommended,512900,33214176,Posted: 3 July,all,Brandon-C137,"A great rogue-like game, random gameplay every time, and a host of great characters to guarantee a fun time every time someone plays."
,Recommended,512900,32331458,Posted: 10 June,all,Salt Spitoon,1/10 couldn't hack a toilet.
76561198041576872,Recommended,512900,33217978,Posted: 3 July,all,Nama,I wish I had paid full price for this.   The developer deserves more.   More games need to be built with this kind of replayability and open style.
76561198088128903,Recommended,512900,33208187,Posted: 3 July,all,cath219,it is good now. will become great
76561198148244538,Recommended,512900,30442411,Posted: 11 March,all,SzTunG,"Fun Rogue-like game which kill my timeBeing a police to arrest innocentBeing a vampire to eating ur friends like eating supperMany fun character and item descriptionWhich I didn't fully explored with my 8.3hr play timePS(If you want to get to level2-3 to get the achievement, vampire is a pretty easy character to get there)"
,Recommended,512900,32889596,Posted: 27 June,all,Ruse.jpg,Is good
,Recommended,512900,31182411,Posted: 16 April,all,"iKonic, the Bamboozler","Very fun and innovative game, it's been a while since I played a decent game like this.Although it's currently in early development, it's a solid game. I really hope the developer and his team push this project forward, because it has a lot of potential.It has a few similarities to Hotline Miami, but it is much easier and fun.If you're unsure if you should or not buy it, I recommend you do. I was unsure too; I don't regret it."
,Recommended,512900,31226102,Posted: 18 April,all,Feeliks,FantasticUnderratedNew8.5/10Completed the game with:CopHackerVampireGorilla
76561198030130525,Recommended,512900,32868058,Posted: 27 June,all,Killer Tacos!,Get this game!
,Recommended,512900,33107159,Posted: 1 July,all,MajesticShrek,Murdered and ate the flesh of my enemiesFound myself in the park with my cannibal bretherenStole syringes and got hopped up on speed and steroids....Then i sat down and played this rad game
76561198008191385,Recommended,512900,33209307,Posted: 3 July,all,ytivarg,"**EDIT** so it turns out that the lag problem during the raining bombs disaster was caused by my 4k tv which causes my laptop to struggle on either poorly optimized games or games with tons going on at once.  I think it's because of the fact that things were being destroyed every second, as well as the calculation for tracking all the player positions to fire the bombs was just too much on that tv, because on lesser screens and no exrternal monitor, it runs perfectly.**ORIGINAL**Okay so my favorite class is the slave master and my buddies is the doctor.  We found out they make a devastating combo by stunning enemies with the slave masters taser so the doctor can safely knock them out.  On the second level, The final objective was to neutralize a target in an absolutely massive mazelike gang headquarters.  We had already deactivated the traps with the computer, and as we almost got to the exit after taking everybody out one-by-one with our strategy mentioned above stealthily without being seen, when a giant metal...thing fell on us killing us both instantly.  The point of this ramble is this game is freaking amazing if you're willing to give it a try, actually strategize, and get effed in the end anyways in quite often hilarious ways.  The only gripe I have is the raining bombs disaster was creating tons of lag, and it got worse as it went on which makes me think either too much going on with the destruction physics or maybe a possible memory leak during the event but who knows. Enough of my rambling though, just play the damn game, it's fun.Pros:-- Very fun with friends-- Tons of content with new stuff being released like every 2 weeks no joke.-- Absolutely love the world gen.  It's fun and varied in a way but does need more added into the gen material.-- Very awesome and active developer who actively replies to try and see exactly what people think of the game so that he may make it better which is one of the rarest and best qualities of an indie developer.-- Shoot up every random syringe you find.  Trust me, it's fun.Cons:-- Hard to play alone, but not impossible-- Tons of lag during the disaster when it rains rockets every few seconds.  Definately needs attention.-- F**k ghosts"
76561198240886592,Recommended,512900,31514947,Posted: 2 May,all,SanboyzPlayz,"Very good game. Worth it. Action and intense levels every time, PLAY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,512900,31533374,Posted: 3 May,all,FrissKugeln,"Awesome and very funny game, usually not a fan of this kinda genre.. but this game is too much fun.. Nice Job!"
76561198162206661,Recommended,512900,31541723,Posted: 4 May,all,NekHaar,Best game i have played in a while. It is still in early access and im already in love! I really am exited for the future updates!! Really recommend!!
,Recommended,512900,31903162,Posted: 22 May,all,SPEABS,I saved a monkey by cloroforming a scientist and stealing his key. Later on I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a bouncer by dumping ciggarettes into the air filtration system - I ran and ran until the Monkey saw me.  The moneky murdered the bouncer before being gunned down by a cop.This game is great!
76561198146128105,Recommended,512900,34142494,Posted: 10 August,all,Mole,"Firstly,start your game.Then fight with what you see!"
76561198068206177,Recommended,512900,34471232,Posted: 24 August,all,Flaxy,"Wow what A game, endless fun I would really recomend picking this up. Well worth the 10.99 already."
,Recommended,512900,30448803,Posted: 11 March,all,Wormri,"Holy. Crap.Bear in mind I've been playing this game since it's Itch.Io days, so the hours shown here are about twice as low as it should show, and that I'm not a guy who enjoys rogue likes at all.With that said, this game is AMAZING. The amount of things you can do in it is beyond massive, and every session can feel different.So basically, what is this game about? You play as one of around 6-8 available starting characters and you start climbing through randomly generated floors to (eventually, probably, and not in the alpha...ly) kill the corrupt mayor of your city. During each run, by performing rather easy tasks, you unlock characters, and earn chicken nuggets (a form of currency with which you'll be able to purchase traits that could possibly show up whenever you level up).Gameplay: It's a top down brawler. You can get access to guns, flamethrowers, machine guns, shotguns and a variety of science weapons and melee weapons. Each character has it's own benefits, Gorillas, for example (and yes, you can play as gorillas), are very powerful and tanky, but can't use computers and speak to humans, Assassins, on the other hand, can become invisible and backstab, but have limited HP. Shapeshifters can steal NPCs bodies and use them against other NPC, however be warned, because if your NPC is killed while you're using it, you'll be thrown out and have a portion of your HP removed as well.If the characters don't provide enough variety for you (and, like I mentioned, there are more available characters for use I haven't even mentioned), you may get a kick out of trying the random drops of loot and items, syringes, for example, may provide buffs, or debuffs, depending on the syringe  (which will most likely be unidentifiable for you unless you have special traitrs or identify wands). You can either inject them directly to yourself, polute the air ducts of a building with them, or with one of the crazy unlockable consumables (like shrink pellets, or rage bottles).Even with all the possibilities I mentioned, it's hard to imagine the game is only in alpha, and includes both online and offline co-op, and in the future, more features will be added (Map seeds, Player-made mutators and your own custom character!)I can't recommend this game enough, it's fantastic in it's current form (Although there are only 6 levels, highly replayable, though) and there are more things to be added on top of it.Lovers of the roguelike genres will highly enjoy this game, even if it's a bit easier than most roguelikes (Which, in my book, is a benefit)."
,Recommended,512900,33198675,Posted: 3 July,all,3spooky,10/10 would tell jokes in prison again.
,Recommended,512900,32802235,Posted: 25 June,all,Mikeyspinkick,It's hectic and fun at the same time.
,Recommended,512900,31455009,Posted: 29 April,all,Pong Dong... LONG,MMMMMMMM Good
76561198060083307,Recommended,512900,34509327,Posted: 26 August,all,FrogWa,"See that 100 year old house? That's Binding of Isaac, with a great structure but becoming run down and old. Now, see that new modern home being built nextdoor? That's Streets of Rogue. I put around 200 hours into Isaac and I love that game, but Streets of Rogue takes that formula and makes it new. I'm getting those ""playing Isaac for the first time"" feels on this one boys. Brilliant game so far and I'm very excited to see it finished."
76561198042913113,Recommended,512900,30599135,Posted: 18 March,all,caidicus,"Wow, where the heck did this game come from? It's fantastic! It's difficult, much like Binding of Isaac, but there is a clear sense of progression, with leveling up, special items, and my favourite, you can destroy the environment.It's early access, but it runs like a dream, has multiple modes of play, and even multiplayer.Seriously, this game is completely worth the asking price."
,Recommended,512900,32007533,Posted: 27 May,all,Wistening.zip,I can finally achieve my dream of eating a cheeseburger while burning down people and buildings without being arrested
,Recommended,512900,32861226,Posted: 27 June,all,Garwan50,"Bought with the 50% discount, but totally worth the full price, very nice rogue-lite game, with his own mechanics that makes it unique"
76561198344546262,Recommended,512900,33018221,Posted: 29 June,all,Duemanshi,Amazing open-ended multiplayer game. Easily one of the best and most original indie titles on steam. Well worth the full asking price.
,Recommended,512900,33165806,Posted: 2 July,all,stormiesttub,Games like this ( created by one person) make me wonder what the hell some of these AAA studios are doing.
76561198035997350,Not Recommended,512900,30564261,Posted: 16 March,all,Adam Cole bey bey,"The game is kind of fun for one run... but as it stands it's incredibly easy to beat the small amount of content that is currently in the game.The classes are pretty strange lot too with no attempt at balancing.  The soldier will literally let you walk the few levels that are here whereas other classes have half the stats, no firepower and only a few poor consumables to make up for it.Currently there are only 2 maps, repeated 3 times each, but they are all very small.Characters move very slowly.  Imagine Nuclear Throne and Hotline Miami mashed together but much much slower.The game has some great aspects as loads of the other reviews state but it will need A LOT more content in regards to maps, weapons, items, events and other things before it's up there with the best of the current roguelites."
76561197966720005,Recommended,512900,31312998,Posted: 22 April,all,Alesch,"Of all of the many, many, many roguelikes that have been published in the past half-decade Streets of Rogue is more faithful to the Great Old Ones (NetHack, ADOM, DC:SS) than all the rest in one key aspect: lateral thinking. Most older roguelikes had some element that would force the player to look through their inventory, their skills, or the dungeon itself to find a way to get around an enemy that was too powerful to defeat.Jumping over a pit trap you found earlier,Drinking from a fountain and hoping desperately that it'll do something to save you from the angry horse that's been chasing you down the corridor, orZapping the right wand at the right time. There was always at least one moment (and if you played as a Tourist, every moment) where fighting the monsters was just not the right move.That's something that seems to have fallen by the wayside in the new generation of roguelikes, but it is central to Streets of Rogue's gameplay. Each stage gives you a set of missions to complete, and often these missions don't require you to kill anyone. Have a mission to steal an object from a building full of armed guards? You could always kick in the door and try to fight them all, but you could also tamper with the air conditioner to spread a sedative through the building. Maybe you could decide to knock on the windows, and then sucker punch the guards one by one as they come to check out the noise. Maybe you've got more money than you really need, you could hire a few of the hobos around town to follow you around. When they fight the security guards, you sneak through the fracas and steal the object.Streets of Rogue evokes the days when a roguelike meant a game where every key on the keyboard was a command, but it manages to keep everything contained with context menus and a mouse-interface."
76561198397525109,Recommended,512900,32615420,Posted: 21 June,all,S84k,"It's a great brawler game with many, probably infinite possibilities! Do whatever you want in this rogue-like city brawler game."
,Recommended,512900,33347553,Posted: 7 July,all,Wing,Балдёж
,Recommended,512900,33332154,Posted: 6 July,all,sherpachump,Really fun just need more content and thats why its in early access
,Recommended,512900,34190942,Posted: 12 August,all,TeknoSquirrel | Tip of the Hats,"I was skeptical of this game at first. It's harder to get into than say, Nuclear Throne but once you get a grip of things this game is so good. The thing that amazes me is how active the ONE dev is (aside from some art/ soundtrack stuff he's the only dev). Guaranteed updates at least every fortnight and active bug fixes. Very optimistic about the future of Streets of Rogue!"
,Recommended,512900,35168991,Posted: 23 September,all,DiscoTurtle,"One of the best games I have ever played in my life! I literally can't stop playing.So... I decided  to edit  my review! I thought I should give some more details to why this is indeed one of the best games ever made.Pros:1. The developerBest developer ever, super active, always takes suggestions from the community, fast bug fixes, etc. Pretty much the perfect developer!2. The sheer amount of options, you can choose from a diverse cast of 23 characters, these characters range from an angry gorilla who bashes his way through levels with ease to a shapeshifter who can sneakily jump in and out of npc's bodies.3. Did I mention you can play as a gorilla?4. The levels are the just the right level difficulty, not to easy but not uncompleteable.5. Everytime, and I truly mean EVERYTIME, you play you will have a different experience.6. You can do missions using sheer force, sneakiness, etc. There are tons of different ways to do a single mission.Cons:If there are any its the lack of characters being released, there is a rather long margin of no new characters after one is released, but that's just my pickiness and impatience.Rating:9000/10(Over 9000)Should you buy this game?YES, GO BUY IT!Honestly this is a prime example of a good early acess game."
,Not Recommended,512900,33741896,Posted: 23 July,all,peremptor,I wasn't impressed with the simple and uninteresting gameplay and the generic underworld that it revolves around so I just got a refund. The game just felt lackluster to me. I'm honestly surprised with all the positive reviews it's getting but the devs obviously know their audience. I'm just not part of that scene.
,Recommended,512900,31893663,Posted: 21 May,all,Pickle Rick,I would give this game a 8/10.-ProsFunAddictiveWorth The MoneyDoesn't get old-Cons2dPixelsHardYou can get annoyedConclusionStreets of rouge is a fun 2d rouge like game. Its very fun but hard. Maps are almost never the same keeping it intresting. Its also fun and addictive. I rate this 8/10
,Recommended,512900,30434800,Posted: 10 March,all,Mard,"Amazing arcade roguelike.  I am already addicted to this game.  You really can do anything (break anything, kill anyone, play as a pacifist, perform heists.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,512900,32908159,Posted: 27 June,all,luv_me_hate,It's good
76561198274201373,Recommended,512900,32602239,Posted: 20 June,all,Potato Kuudere,What's this game? Is it fun? It looks fun. Imma buy it. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥that didn't take long to download. I guess I can play now. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I just stabbed that guy! I BEAT THAT GUY THROUGH A WALL! I CAN TELEPORT THROUGH WALLS! I CAN BE OTHER GUYS AND SMACK OTHER GUYS AROUND! WEEEEEEEEEEEEE ♥♥♥♥ THE STORY!
,Recommended,512900,32631704,Posted: 21 June,all,ionside,Definitely a great game to co-op with friends. Got some funny♥♥♥♥♥♥in it!
76561198135538927,Recommended,512900,30519359,Posted: 14 March,all,Clockman,"Played during the free week, got hooked. It's a fun game with lots of potential to grow. It's EA and buggy but I haven't run into any crashes yet."
76561198104236495,Recommended,512900,30703539,Posted: 24 March,all,Saeedsl,"Not a bad game, worth most of the money which brings me the conclusion that its a good game but it would be better if it was cheaper"
76561198273503267,Recommended,512900,31812117,Posted: 17 May,all,HappyRainbew,"very good game, it's not just a boring RPG that's the same as other boring RPGs, because you can hack into things and shoot people or stab them in the back with a baseball bat btw cookies are good especially chocolate chip ones (that doesn't have anything to do with the game though sadly maybe they should add cookies into the game?) and you can shapeshift and turn invisible and tell jokes so bad that you cause a riot that starts killing everything"
,Recommended,512900,30547424,Posted: 16 March,all,spoo,this is by far one of the most fun and addicting things ive played. just get it
76561198088571218,Recommended,512900,31617650,Posted: 7 May,all,Skimask bopaboey,"This is a great game, its hard to impress me as i am kinda old, aka a veteran, i suggest you try it"
,Recommended,512900,31658199,Posted: 9 May,all,The Insanity of Man,Haha a cute clever pixelated expierience. Comedy and combat lurk around every corner in this game. I love the unlockable system as well.
,Recommended,512900,31501277,Posted: 2 May,all,shakespeareantrash,"It's still not quite finished, and that's always a hard sell when people are unsure if the final game will be any good. That being said, this game is one of the ones that is definitely going to be even better as it reaches completion. Even with what's there, there's a TON of replay value. There's so much possibility and different ways to play. You could do the missions or just screw around; either way, it's a great time.(Just don't buy it around finals week like I did, because it WILL consume all of your time, lol. It's just so much fun!!)I'm certain that the full game is going to be amazing, too. It's already worth the price as is, so I can't wait to see what else is in store for this one!"
76561198179896007,Recommended,512900,31550481,Posted: 4 May,all,Rift Moonlight,"When i first saw this game, I was like, ""Meh. Looks okay. Might as well try it.""Well, let me tell you, I was blown away. There are so many different paths to choose, items to use, and people to bruise. Lots of different characters to play as, as well. Heck, soon enough you could be making your own character yourself. And better yet, this game with all it's awesome features is only in Early Access. It has tons of potential.I don't write many reviews. But Streets of Rogue exceeded my expectations by far, and definitely deserves a positive assessment for its amazing... well, everything."
,Recommended,512900,31657693,Posted: 9 May,all,Bacon,"Love this game... Gives me the feel of an old dungeon crawler, but has the action and mayhem of the modern games. There's something for everybody, whether it would be stealthy or loud, this game is great for anyone who is willing to put their time into it. This game has great potential, so help it live and buy the game today. Hoped this helped, and I hope that you just bought it. Many of hours of fun gameplay to come for many. Enjoy!"
76561198208599309,Recommended,512900,32445410,Posted: 15 June,all,leomafialoco,This game is really fun. I would recommend waiting to the price drops or it goes on sale. It has a lot of characters and a lot of different quests. It's very fun unlocking and trying out new characters. The game is still a work in progress so there will be  a lot more content to come.
76561198096684749,Recommended,512900,31395083,Posted: 27 April,all,☠ S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Whisky Wolf,mindless fun would recommend this to anyone
,Recommended,512900,33254652,Posted: 4 July,all,Quik,The game is just fun. Simple as that. It's even better with some friends.
,Recommended,512900,33230367,Posted: 4 July,all,The Punisher,"The gameplay is great, the amount of classes is sweet, and the music is awesome."
,Recommended,512900,33261352,Posted: 4 July,all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"I bet i wont even be able to eatspaghetti and meatballschicken nuggetsever again. Oh god, I could eat. Not necessarilyspaghetti and meatballschicken nuggets, but not necessarily notspaghetti and meatballschicken nuggets. I mean I really likespaghetti and meatballschicken nuggets. Man, if I don't get somespaghetti and meatballschicken nuggetsI might literally die."
,Recommended,512900,31165263,Posted: 15 April,all,Haakonsson,Well I'll be honest play this game 5 hours strait got bored (cuz I♥♥♥♥♥♥around and get killed way to much) and unlocked all trait iteamdls (100% legit) got most characters and got bored. Woke up turn pc on New update alpha 22 new industrial stuff played another 5-10 hours. This is a very good legit early access game very nice update speed bugs fixes and llots of new content added.good buy
,Recommended,512900,32363943,Posted: 12 June,all,Raigormator,Finish it its amazing
76561198180868605,Recommended,512900,32379961,Posted: 12 June,all,Growbot,"Oh jeez man....story timeSlums 1: Yo, were they at? I said. I am part of the crepes. ""I dunno bro"", that was my friend jonny. Jonny had sleek black hair and always wore his baseball cap backwards, my hero. And another thing about Jonny, he always had a knife. I named it ""bob"", B for short. We were looking for some blaghts. The rival gang. ""yo wait, look."" Jonny said as he pointed into a window. ""They hiding some stuff in there. I WANT it."" Jonny was the type of guy were if he needed something he got it, if he wanted it, he got it, by all means. ""yeah I see it, how we gonna get in there tho?"". ""I have a plan"". jonny said as he pulled out a rock. ""ima bash their ♥♥♥♥ing windows"" ""Jonny what if they see?"". ""They will"", ""thats the point idiot"". So he did. alerting four bouncers. He left me to fend them off while he got the safe open with a bomb. It was a hard fight, the blood started rushing down my face. I could feel my hands going numb from the bashing and the cracking of the bats. I heard jonny scream as I went down. He made it. To the elevator. I did my job. But he did something before I was gone. He gave me bob, it was on one hit. ""cover me"" he said. ""alright"". I said. The End."
76561198029844771,Recommended,512900,32911023,Posted: 27 June,all,Rick Sanchez,Well It's a good rogue game
76561198139447190,Recommended,512900,31729986,Posted: 13 May,all,deadstroyer,i can't stop playing this game.
76561198007191070,Recommended,512900,31732041,Posted: 13 May,all,NoBrainRequired,10/10
76561198028519438,Recommended,512900,31738234,Posted: 13 May,all,Toys for Thots,It's LIT FAM.
76561198007534679,Recommended,512900,31735950,Posted: 13 May,all,Rob,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,512900,30560173,Posted: 16 March,all,DANEgerous,Hotline maimi + Isic
76561197979472247,Recommended,512900,33015349,Posted: 29 June,all,"Holy Fuckles, It's Knuckles","I tried recruiting a drug dealer and members of two rival gangs to my cause.  They stabbed ne reoeatedly to death.I put an unknown syringe into an air ventillation system.  It made the police in the building immortal.  The immortal police murdered me because I was a loose gorilla.I was a tiny naked body snatcher.  I took over a scientist and laughed in(side) his face when I realized I could release the poison gas in his lab.  He died.  I forgot I was inside him and died of poison gas too.10/10, would punch police through walls to get cigarettes as my mission reward again."
,Recommended,512900,30440656,Posted: 10 March,all,TheBowWowers,"I already thought the game looked extremely fun and interesting.What sold me on buying this game was the fact they gave us full access to the game, which was just put up on steam, for 2 days. It's not even a demo, full complete access to what the game has to offer (At the point in time, its still early access).Thank you devs for letting me try the game out completely before making my decision to purchase. I feel like this is a game the devs were confident would sell so long as they gave the customers a taste of what is to come."
76561198377403709,Recommended,512900,32818908,Posted: 26 June,all,DoctorCookieJar,Such a good game. Just get it now.
,Recommended,512900,33553517,Posted: 15 July,all,Zookeeper,"very good game, amazing game, love it,"
76561198216270824,Recommended,512900,33529268,Posted: 13 July,all,Pan-Fan,So this is the best roguelike that i ve ever played. Very cool idea i think. You may use a lot of ways to complete missions. For example my best is Assasin`s stealth way. P.S. Have an idea for a new character: Worker or Ingenieer <3. Sorry for my bad English.
,Recommended,512900,33800559,Posted: 25 July,all,Farkon (extremeragin),"Terrible game, lets me be a gorrila but not change skin color."
,Recommended,512900,34478719,Posted: 25 August,all,[SF] Alphaz,Loving the game but the bug on connecting to servers takes forever
,Recommended,512900,32838372,Posted: 26 June,all,Red Wolf Five,Game is fun.Soundtrack is straight Fire!!!
,Recommended,512900,30458466,Posted: 11 March,all,Deo Favente,Great Fun
,Recommended,512900,31308548,Posted: 22 April,all,Phoenix,ok
76561198338359198,Recommended,512900,34077964,Posted: 7 August,all,TimeWorm123,best game ever 10/10 I would totally shove this up my♥♥♥♥♥100%
76561198144384202,Recommended,512900,32914800,Posted: 27 June,all,Jesus Pepe,Cool
,Recommended,512900,30529873,Posted: 15 March,all,Dozenbeer,"Amazing game! I wouldnt have played this, wouldnt it be for the initial two day trial period on release day. I immediately bought the game after playing and its one of my most favourite rogue-likes. Its just one of those games you have to play and cant really judge on the screenshots.Pros:+ cool soundtrack+ good controls+ a lot of unlockable characters that change the whole game in how you approach certain goals+ randomly generated levels that are interesting+ randomly generated goals+ so many items and weapons+ it has rpg elements, where you level up your character and choose power ups+ you can unlock more and more power ups that will than come up randomly ingame+ open world+ not every character is an enemy its more of a city/town you roam around+ hire random npcs to protect you and join your party+ the characters make this game, a gorilla for example cant talk to people or a thief isnt welcomed in shops, making you change up your playstyle each time you play+ mutators to change up the gameplay+ local coop multiplayer! you can play in splitscreen, single screen or a mix of both, absolutely awesome+ online multiplayer! you can have private locked matches or play with randoms+ items and gadgets are very well thought out and useful in various situations+ when you clear all the goals you can stay in the level and do additional missions or loot peoples houses+ npcs also have logic to them, like gang members will automatically attack other rival gang members+ customize each characters look to your liking+ designing your own character with unique traits is going to be a thing (not included yet)+ the levels are designed to represent bioms in a tower, slums, industrial and so on up to the richest folk+ random hazards can happen (curses) for one floor, like having to hide indoors every 15 seconds to not get nuked :D+ the difficulty is spot on, I loved the difficulty and failure is almost always your own fault+ the graphics are minimalistic, but you can always determin what is what+ a map and teleportation system to a point on the map to not waste your time with walking (super cool idea) teleportation is of course prohibited once you are in danger, have to escort someone or stuff like thatCons:- playing online with randoms is caotic and most players will just do their own thing rather than cooperating, but there is an official discord channel to counter that- some characters are extremly easy to play compared to other, I hope there will be rewards for completing the game with a more difficult characterAmazing game, absolutely amazing. I love it. One of the best rogue-likes right now and totally worth the asking price. even better with friends but super fun in singleplayer nonetheless. I recommend it highly, even in Early access right now!"
76561198059935984,Recommended,512900,30636217,Posted: 20 March,all,"Waffles, Banhammer Wielder","This is a great game, even at the time of writing (3/20/2017), with a diverse amount of character options (almost all of which have unique playstyles and flavors to them), six full floors (with an ""endless"" mode if you make it to the end, so your runs can go forever) and absolute and utter chaos. I found myself being reminded of Space Station 13 and the sheer amount of item and NPC interactions it has. I can't write a review thorough enough to explain every aspect of this game, but it's definitely worth looking into if you like GTA-grade silliness and roguelites."
76561198132214561,Recommended,512900,30628866,Posted: 19 March,all,roanark2411z,"God and its only just opened for early acces, but it has SO MUCH content. It's really open ended, you can play it fast paced and spammy or you can be calm and methodical or you can pick the Jock and like literally smash down all the walls and♥♥♥♥♥♥of everyone. If you like games that are play-your-way, or games with alot of diffirent choices and classes and items, then this is for you. If you dont? This is also for you."
,Recommended,512900,30523409,Posted: 15 March,all,The Saint Deuce,"♥♥♥♥♥tons of fun. Only wish there was a more open world version of the game upon final release. But as it was, it was still an insta-buy for me after trying it out."
,Recommended,512900,30529354,Posted: 15 March,all,BurningLeg,"This game is pretty amazing for early access alpha. Super addicting, but short (for now). But dont let that fool you, it can get pretty difficult, not only that but lets you beat a level in so many different ways."
,Recommended,512900,30529697,Posted: 15 March,all,AoH398,"Even as is, this game is worth every penny. Me and my younger brother play split screen and have a blast causeing mass destruction on every level, and the depth of interaction with the enviroment is crazy! I can not wait to see what else the future holds in store with this game."
76561198093248261,Recommended,512900,32492704,Posted: 16 June,all,SuperStashMan,"MY GAME CEEPS NOT RESPONDING EVERYTIME I DO SOMETHING IN THIS GAME! (WHEN EVER I HIT KILL SOMETHING, BREAK SOMETHING, SOMETHING BLOWS UP EXETERA!) but before the update that started this the game was exelent.i wouldn recamend this game but at the time of this review, this game is unplayable. 9/10-before update. 0/10 after update."
76561197996037936,Recommended,512900,32227114,Posted: 6 June,all,thenomaic,How to describe this game..Imagine the binding of Isaac + Gta + all kind of different characters and playstyles.8/8 would recommend again.
,Recommended,512900,33772178,Posted: 24 July,all,coolriffz,GOLD.
,Recommended,512900,31330815,Posted: 23 April,all,tarod49,F^&*ing awesome.
,Recommended,512900,31330967,Posted: 23 April,all,Potato,The destruction in this game is awesumness lelelelelel
76561198236814282,Recommended,512900,32225140,Posted: 6 June,all,weberjorn,Awsome game! I higly suggest you play this.
,Recommended,512900,35007405,Posted: 16 September,all,Pandy,.
76561198318703154,Recommended,512900,30542769,Posted: 16 March,all,pbutt678,"The amount of fun you'll have from this game is worth 15 bucks, and theirs only more of it to come, since it hasnt even had the full release yet."
,Recommended,512900,34745232,Posted: 4 September,all,Ｎｏｒｋ,great game very fun to play with friends
76561198004429212,Recommended,512900,30501376,Posted: 13 March,all,Cbass00,"The only negative reviews areones complaining about death due to RNG and difficulty which I don't really get. I don't consider myself that great of a gamer but I beat all the levels that are currently in the game (Don't forget it's EA) on like my 5th try after watching some gameplay videos before I bought the game. Great game so far, glad to support it."
76561198078891853,Recommended,512900,33215755,Posted: 3 July,all,bug_sniper,"When you have someone shelling rockets at you, you should use that to your advantage to open holes in walls that are obstructing your missions."
,Recommended,512900,34637774,Posted: 31 August,all,Le Spaghetto,gud gaem
,Recommended,512900,34663443,Posted: 1 September,all,TheImmortalChicken,Great fun and great dev :D
,Recommended,512900,30442266,Posted: 11 March,all,DeadlyDanDaMan,Just pure fun with a ton of different ways to play!! 10/10 and can't wait for more!!
,Recommended,512900,30488013,Posted: 13 March,all,r3d,Preciously marvelous rogue action
76561198372532951,Recommended,512900,31873133,Posted: 20 May,all,allenchen411,Great fun
76561198175335998,Recommended,512900,33331720,Posted: 6 July,all,Quality Buildw,Phenomonal
76561198079351783,Recommended,512900,33054493,Posted: 30 June,all,Funghis Canale Grande,great ´lil title... great soundtrack!
,Not Recommended,512900,33150360,Posted: 2 July,all,WilleLambo,"It feels like it lacks content right now, or maybe it wasn't just my thing. I might pick this up later throughtout the development. Sorry. I like the concept of it. I just personally think I can't recommend in it's current state. Don't kill me please, I have good intentions."
,Recommended,512900,30535642,Posted: 15 March,all,HolyHamNCheese,I bought this game hoping to test out the Steam Refund process... Now I can't feed my wife and nine children.
,Recommended,512900,30505768,Posted: 14 March,all,♡ MilkyBitch ♡,Just get it
76561197982638360,Recommended,512900,33190789,Posted: 3 July,all,Weiling,Awesome!
76561198189993522,Recommended,512900,33190623,Posted: 3 July,all,hexapod,9/11 very gooddddodod
76561198118421288,Recommended,512900,33573218,Posted: 15 July,all,I am Toast,Honestly I played 0.2 hours and disliked the game from that. I refunded but I could see how some could enjoy this game.
76561198132245796,Recommended,512900,32100703,Posted: 31 May,all,Sir Butterbuns,Pros: You can buy things with Chicken NuggetsCons: Still have to buy some things with money
76561198054900439,Recommended,512900,30645459,Posted: 20 March,all,cranky_messiah,"""Each level of the city consists of a diverse variety of buildings and locations. There are shops, bars, prisons, gang hideouts, arcades, homes, slave shops, and more. It is more akin to something found in an RPG or open-world sandbox game than your average roguelike.That similarity to open-world games extends beyond the environments, and into the gameplay as well. When you enter a given level of the city, you are assigned a few tasks, which can vary greatly. How you accomplish that task is entirely up to you. Like an open-world game, you have complete freedom to do as you wish, and there are numerous ways to accomplish any given task. Each level is basically a small sandbox in which to play. If you have to free a prisoner, for example, you have a variety of options at your disposal. You could go in guns blazing and kill the abductors, or hack into their security system to unlock the cells, or bribe them with money or alcohol, or pretty much anything else you can think of.Of course, your best course of action will probably depend largely upon your character/class. There is a pretty large cast of diverse characters to choose from, some of which must be unlocked by meeting certain criteria during your playthroughs. Each class has unique attributes, skills, starting equipment, and strengths and weaknesses.  The soldier, with his health regeneration and arsenal of weapons, lends himself to an aggressive playstyle. The doctor, on the other hand, is better served by avoiding combat due to his inability to use weapons, although he can sneak up on people to knock them out with chloroform. The investment banker starts with a large sum of money and has the ability to borrow more from any merchant or shop owner, but also has a drug addiction that constantly drains his health until he gets his fix.""...(S)treets of Rogue is a fresh and inventive take on roguelikes. It shares as much in common with the likes of Deus Ex as it does with, say, Binding of Isaac, combining elements of roguelikes, RPG's, and even open-world games. The distinctive setting and environments, the diverse inhabitants of the city and the fact that they aren't hostile by default, and the open-ended nature of how to approach any given situation, combine to make it feel like something new and completely unique. I've enjoyed every single foray that I've made to The City, and i plan on making many more.""Please check out the full review at:http://thecrankymessiah.com/streets-of-rogue-review/"
,Recommended,512900,30491075,Posted: 13 March,all,PlutonFI,You can play as Harambe!And you can clone it!Best roguelike game ever!
76561197972298850,Not Recommended,512900,32310518,Posted: 10 June,all,skreeg,FUn game but loads of keyboard locking bugs. I get stuck in various menu states.
,Recommended,512900,31650992,Posted: 9 May,all,borbak3,"F*CK, i love this game. Just going around, and shooting people, taking drugs, and drinking like a MF'er. The game is fun EVERY time........... i just LOVE this sh*t.  The creator works hard, to improve the game, and hes doing a good job. I can only warmly recommend this ;)"
,Recommended,512900,30441919,Posted: 11 March,all,Dragoncat,"Streets of Rogue reviewBackground information: Streets of Rogue is a Rogue-lite made by Matt Dabrowski. Like most other Rogue- games it is randomly generated.Pros:Great soundtrackLovely communityAwesome game-mechanicsBad♥♥♥♥♥characters and sneaky♥♥♥♥♥charactersA REALLY DAMN GOOD GAME!Being able to talk with the game's dev and most bugs being fixed the day after report (CS:GO can't do that!)Con:I wrote Con because I can only think of one thing bad which is the game is Early Access and is therefore buggy but what do you expect?PS Matt Dabrowski is not the name of a gaming studio, it's the name of one guy. Just one guy made this incredible game."
,Recommended,512900,32375008,Posted: 12 June,all,Bodega,"I had to steal a muffin for 6 chicken nuggets. I love this game, it passes the time in between league games."
,Recommended,512900,31400851,Posted: 27 April,all,SeeJay,"Is good. Will be great. Micro, co-op Deus Ex. Love it."
76561198373756927,Recommended,512900,30531776,Posted: 15 March,all,tryggvi04,Loved the game really cool game mechanics and you can tell that the develepor still has a intrest in this game which is always nice he regulery updates the game fixing bugs adding characters etc. so heres a pros and cons listprosreally fun never finding yourself saying im boredreally good game mechanicssimple but funconshavent found any yet - fyi i have not expirenced a single crash or lag spike
,Recommended,512900,32611541,Posted: 21 June,all,Infin8,Already awesome good in early access.
76561197979797884,Not Recommended,512900,30643236,Posted: 20 March,all,riseandshine,I can't recommend this game AT THE MOMENT (alpha 20f)+ It's Fun+ artstyle+ game Idea+ Classes- Value for Money (pretty short for 15€)- Internet multiplayer is very laggy- can be buggy (connection issues every 5 games)- no real balancingjust wait don't buy yet... this game has potential!
76561198059689738,Recommended,512900,30437007,Posted: 10 March,all,ksyh05,i killed a man for a cheesebuggait was tasty10/10 i would murder for cheesebugger again
76561197992325936,Recommended,512900,33102853,Posted: 1 July,all,Mandel,Chaotic fun.
76561198077104682,Recommended,512900,32650114,Posted: 22 June,all,Skull_Clown,Excellent game!! Very refreshing! :)
,Recommended,512900,33249315,Posted: 4 July,all,ductvader,it was good
76561198180525310,Recommended,512900,31040501,Posted: 9 April,all,dajdestroyer,Amazing turnbased stratgy game 5 out of 5 stars if i could rate with stars
,Recommended,512900,30449608,Posted: 11 March,all,zERO,Writing is actually witty and funny. Lots of cool characters to play as. Many different ways to approach achieving missions. Brilliant.
76561198052277936,Recommended,512900,31610427,Posted: 7 May,all,SirDiego,-Am gorilla.-Find clone machine.-Clone self.-Army of gorillas.-Kill meanie scientists.-Profit.10/10 would reccommend.
,Recommended,512900,31616570,Posted: 7 May,all,Rev,Absolutely top kekkers
76561198092841526,Not Recommended,512900,33501763,Posted: 13 July,all,Frisky_business | TNEngies,"It's a great game, with amazing characters. But, for some reason, I can't run this game well. I can run tf2, and other 2d games almost perfectly as an example, but I can't get the game for the life of me to run well. (20-30fps if I'm lucky.) It'd be a better rating if it was better optimized. And yes, shadows WERE off."
76561198039909911,Recommended,512900,30524899,Posted: 15 March,all,vitowns,Game of the year!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197968541560,Recommended,512900,33163950,Posted: 2 July,all,The Black Jesus,I literally bought this game so I could get the 1000th review! This game made me laugh. Did 5 minutes in to get this review.. now I'm hooked.. I think...What do I get for this? C'mon devs.. don't ignore this message! I'M SPECIALLL!
,Recommended,512900,32719882,Posted: 24 June,all,pepe,Entertaining and satisfying
76561198050003442,Recommended,512900,33164775,Posted: 2 July,all,The Hero of TIME,Tis fun.
76561198144105330,Not Recommended,512900,31832718,Posted: 18 May,all,Kriptonik,"Game is fun overall, with what little content there is. Can be fun with a group of friends.Not enough content though, which is why i would not recommend this game. not even close to 15 bucks worth of content.More content is supposed to be added as its in alpha stage, but Id hold off on purchasing to see if developer adds more.A few hours of fun, I tried to squeeze some more play time out of it and got pretty bored."
,Recommended,512900,30435506,Posted: 10 March,all,The Antichrist Apparently,Even tho currently the only reason to buy this game is the homebase and daily runs and some other stuff its still worth it since currently there is a sale and because I said so.The Tutorial is hilarious and there are some things you can do to the resistance leader which is also funny.Its fun. Doctor is the best class.Freedom.square root of pie.
,Not Recommended,512900,34252254,Posted: 15 August,all,Elite,Is a really fun game but just repetitive/10you do the same thing over and over.
,Recommended,512900,30430099,Posted: 10 March,all,ZombieFreak,"10/10 I would recommend Streets of Rogue because the action is amazing with simple but fun mechanics, and the story is good."
76561198033268518,Recommended,512900,33167787,Posted: 2 July,all,[B2T] Queen of Darkness,Funny as hell!
,Not Recommended,512900,33218984,Posted: 4 July,all,Kariu,"A very fun game that requires a certain level of tactical and twitch gaming skills. Unfortunately, if you play multiplayer you cannot save your progress.If you have to go eat or take a break, sorry, you'd have to start from the beginning.I would not recommend this game at this point."
76561198017609618,Not Recommended,512900,33327779,Posted: 6 July,all,Thump,"So to clarify, I'm not saying this game is bad. It was fun, for 2 hours. as I previously mentioned. But I cannot justify 2 hours being worth 16.99.. especially for a game of it's type.There are maybe 100 unique items in-game whether it's weapons, items, etc.And you can complete the game in about 2 hours. if you aren't trying.Yes, it is early access, and It was fun, however I cannot with a clean conscience recommend this game to others in it's current state,(or at least without informing them of how little content there is) especially not for it's price tag. If it was 5-6$? sure..In 6 months or a year when I revisit this title, if it's content has increased, or can offer more. My review will change. As it should.I do not rate or review (What could be).I rate & review (What is)But what you don't realize is that my review has a timestamp. I'm sure people are smart enough to check the month, look at updates and see if this is changed, and with that being said. I will revisit this title in the future.But I don't understand how you can use EA as a shield, are you a true gamer? Almost everything is EA, that's how people get away with nonsense like this, spend a couple hundred hours developing a simple little game, with little content, put an EA tag on it, and then make a killing, and 90% of them fall off.. the developers get a payday and say screw it, it's too much work now.How many EA's need to scam you before you realize? lol... I've been screwed by many.So I honestly don't care if it's EA, don't make it available if you don't want it to be rated and scrutinized.Keep up the great work Madguy!, I hope to see enough content to change my mind on this title."
,Not Recommended,512900,33423873,Posted: 9 July,all,PhoenixDIE,Not sure why im hating this game so much. Why is it so hard? lol
76561198024625110,Not Recommended,512900,31941408,Posted: 24 May,all,Sully,"Currently not worth the price, very little to do. Gets boring way to fast."
76561198070841341,Not Recommended,512900,32597653,Posted: 20 June,all,Toast Malone,"all the reviews are from people with under 20 hours because thats the most you'll get out of this for fun. It is fun, dont get me wrong, just really boring after you do everything. Buy if its under 10 dollars."
76561198059920718,Not Recommended,512900,34006062,Posted: 3 August,all,CounterSnackBar,Boring not worth the hassle cant find anybody to play online. Not enough action like in said video.
76561198259262473,Not Recommended,512900,33164363,Posted: 2 July,all,TheBattleDude3,Mac users can't seem to host games. Cute game but too esy for single player.
76561198071142267,Not Recommended,512900,33171819,Posted: 3 July,all,Dinodan,Game becomes boring after a while. Looks fun with tons of content but game play is just not fun.
,Not Recommended,512900,34009106,Posted: 3 August,all,Queen of Malice,"Not worth 15 dollars. Copy-paste generic levels with not very much to do, there's an illusion of choice. Not fun. Not fullfilling. Not great."
76561198012244248,Not Recommended,512900,30533353,Posted: 15 March,all,ROAD WAR,"Fun game, but very little content. Literally two ""biomes"" and a total of 6 levels. So i dunno if this is actually going to be a game or is just more game devs looking for some free cash from ""early access"""
,Not Recommended,512900,30673801,Posted: 22 March,all,Deridealized.,"Punch. Punch. Punch. Punch.All these promised game styles and none of them were applicable. Do something, offend someone, start violence.Attempt to play as a different character? Great, until you've used all their equipment in the first level.Crashes sometimes too.Pixel Art is great, controls are nice, sound is good, good sense of humour, yet it's missing something. I don't know what, and I don't know if it's just me that didn't understand it. I felt bad refunding this because it really did have potential."
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,512900,34084110,Posted: 7 August,all,matt1184,Too difficult to enjoy.
,Not Recommended,512900,30826885,Posted: 29 March,all,MrPillow,ok i made it through all the floors and completed it on my 2ndnormally on a roguelite it takes me like 10 tries to make it past the 1st floor. i was also drunk when i did this.youve already seen the entire game in the trailer. putting deus ex in the game's description is probably one of the most disingenous things ive ever seen.
76561198079591697,Not Recommended,512900,31459397,Posted: 30 April,all,Marharols,The Itcio Verison was better beacuse you have to unlock every caracter and its only like 20 diffrent caracters
76561197991262255,Recommended,512900,33128027,Posted: 2 July,all,aLT,Fun.
76561198180539333,Not Recommended,512900,32717078,Posted: 24 June,all,PoGo,Baf
,Recommended,512900,30478083,Posted: 12 March,all,Id,"Im in love and as long as development continues, I shall continue to play and support. Bless this game."
,Recommended,512900,30479344,Posted: 12 March,all,Zinke,"This game is fanstastic, and a bit addictive. its pretty polished compared to most alpha games, with the exclusion of the limited amount of level templets, but that will come with time. I just like playing endless mode and getting together with all my pals online. I would deffinately recomend this to anyone.Also, if you turn on low health and faster game play in the modifiers, it kinda plays like hotline miami, which is very much a plus for me."
,Recommended,512900,30467076,Posted: 12 March,all,TheAspiringNerd,"Never really write reviews but felt inclined to do so with this. This is honestly the best thing I could of purchased. I find it hard to find any retro looking games that I find enjoyable, I've only played for a while but so far I am LOVING the experience, the gameplay and soundtrack is amazing as well as the dialouge. Chicken nuggets for everyone."
76561198128974568,Recommended,512900,30459925,Posted: 11 March,all,Horrible Orbit,"Imagine Deus Ex combined with The Legend Of Zelda: A Link To The Past in a rogue-lite, and you'll end up roughly at Streets Of Rogue. The sheer number of classes is impressive, especially given that they tend to perform as described by the in-game text, in practice. And there'll be a create-a-class mode someday, which I'm quite excited about. And just like Deus Ex 2 (the really buggy, crashy one that everyone but me hated), you'll be able to interact in a very straightforward way with your surroundings and with the NPCs. Bribe guards, sneak around, hack terminals, shoot it out, punch it out, swords it out, recruit NPCs to fight with or for you, blow up the entire area, or chloroform the opposition one by one. This game's got all of that and more (somehow, in Early Access). And you won't be burdened by online-only singleplayer, microtransactions, extraneous DRM, requests for information, or its collection while playing Streets Of Rogue (as of 3/11/2017). It's hard to overemphasize just how much more fun I'm having with this game than I did Deus Ex Human Revolution (the game that convinced me to give up on Deus Ex as a series). Streets Of Rogue is a game that, in its current state and and along its apparent development trajectory, I very strongly recommend."
76561197997397951,Recommended,512900,30460566,Posted: 11 March,all,Fastidious,"Great game, will amend this review upon reaching the 20 hour mark."
76561198108871708,Recommended,512900,30460369,Posted: 11 March,all,majicpenguin,"Amazing, a couple of glitches but not game breaking 9.9999999/10"
76561198371622153,Recommended,512900,30435524,Posted: 10 March,all,JMD,"Wow!  What a great game - loads of fun, with a wacky sense of humor built in.  Kudos to the creator!And his storytelling ability is immediately evident in a great tutorial that pulls you into the game as you learn.Haven't had time to play much yet, but I will get back to it as soon as I can break from my busy schedule."
76561198067969806,Recommended,512900,30460881,Posted: 11 March,all,mjwise,+ Lots of different ways to play the game+ You never know what you're going to get+ Excellent soundtrack- Some classes need some balancingHappy to support development and hope we get to see more. This is a good start.
,Recommended,512900,30464061,Posted: 11 March,all,LIM1T,"Really entertaining game, Great soundtrack too!"
76561197997114254,Recommended,512900,30506288,Posted: 14 March,all,Gand Alf,"Needed a way to get past a building's security. Accidentally pickpocketed a slaver while his friend was watching. The slaver gave chase so I led him to the nearby objective. His slaver cap exploded because he was too far from the slavers, creating a backdoor to the building. 10/10 would blow up head again.Seriously, though, it's a pretty short game right now, since only half the floors are done, but it's enough for now to try to unlock all the available characters and play through the game with each. They're all different enough (some insanely so) to alter your play style completely from run to run."
,Recommended,512900,30521669,Posted: 15 March,all,IllegallyMike,"This game is extremely fun, I love the huge diversity of all of the classes, the procedurally generated levels and the objectives are nice and open enough to have multiple ways to complete them, it is a true mini open world game. There is just so much replayability to be had, plus everything you have to unlock... I just can't explain how much content there is for an early access game like this. Even just the thought that they are going to continue adding more content excites me, I seriously can't wait to see the different characters, future levels, items, weapons, traits, modes, buildings, objectives, disasters, and just overall more fun extra content.Plus not to mention that the game can go up to 4 players offline or online, I haven't had the chance to try it out yet but I could imagine it being really fun with all the different outcomes you could get by just combining the different character classes alone. All that I know is that I have got to try to gather some of my friends to actually buy this game, multiplayer just seems like an idea worth a million replays just by itself."
,Recommended,512900,30541895,Posted: 16 March,all,swrd484,"A great and multifaceted game, even at this early stage. I've gotten over 11 hours of gameplay (at the time of writing) without even getting though all the content. There are so many ways to achieve the objectives and the mutators enable you to further customize your experience. I can't wait to see what comes next! Well worth the price of admission!"
76561198080341062,Recommended,512900,30541368,Posted: 16 March,all,Bugge,super fun.
76561197998442796,Recommended,512900,30544516,Posted: 16 March,all,Snail Snot,"I'd never really gotten into roguelikes and/or retro games so I wasn't very hyped to see this getting a steam free weekend. Good thing I gave it a try. Probably the most fun I've had gaming, certainly in my top 5. So many laugh-out-loud moments I even laugh just thinking about this game, and all the possibilities it opens up."
,Recommended,512900,30543584,Posted: 16 March,all,smartbombradio,"8 hours lost and only through about half of the existing content.This game is a lot of fun, dev updating fast, and it's basics are done/work- just needs piles of additional content, really.Good stuff here."
,Recommended,512900,30516215,Posted: 14 March,all,Dr.Eugenics,"Imagine being back in the mid 90's playing your megadrive, except this time the game mechanics are good and there is brutal carnage and madness at every turn"
,Recommended,512900,30516878,Posted: 14 March,all,Hateburn,"I played as far as I could with a friend, for the free weekend and then bought it once it wasn't free. Immediately underwhelmed by lack of content. I still really like this game! Obviously it's early access. I can still say that I felt a little underwhelmed. Mine own opinion. I believe supporting the developers for this game is the right decision so far. If the game does not develop any further than it's current state, I will change my review. It's happened before..."
76561198050804607,Recommended,512900,30515567,Posted: 14 March,all,Tuxpud,Asked every single tenant in the slums if my rag smelled like chloroform. Nobody gave me an answer. 10/10
76561198039158238,Recommended,512900,30513752,Posted: 14 March,all,ironsoulreaver,"I haven't played it too much, But it's totally worth the investement even in its current alpha stage. I'd call this a live action Roguelike set in a modern environment. Destruction galore! easy to play but challenging to complete."
,Recommended,512900,30513842,Posted: 14 March,all,Waeloga,I love this game!  I can't say enough good things about it! I never buy games that are less than 50% off and I never buy early access games.  I played this game over the free weekend and it's so good I broke both rules!!  I bought copies for my wife and I.  We are having a blast playing it together.
,Recommended,512900,30560091,Posted: 16 March,all,King-O-Pork,"Even in early Alpha it's a great time.  Has elements of a lot of genres mixed together.  Nuclear throne in how it handles controls and gaining perks after a level.  A little of Enter the Gungeon with how you use points you gain in play to unlock new perks.  You have a deus ex style of options on how you go about objectives.  Sneak, blast your way through, poison, trick.  There's a lot of characters that will influence how you play.  It's fun to experiment and watch it work or hilariously blow up in your face.While the game is really early and less than half the stages are in, it already feels really special.  I didn't regret putting some money down.  Even if you're shy about early access, keep an eye on this.  I think streamers will end up playing the living hell out of this."
76561198061859631,Recommended,512900,30547454,Posted: 16 March,all,drsmoothpants,"This game is a weird combination of things, and I love it. It's both deep and simple.  Weird and often hilarious interactions abound. There are so many ways you can solve objectives, from injecting an invisibility potion and walking right by some thugs, to poisoning the air supply in the building, or just growing 20 feet tall and smashing the wall down. Shrink the opposition and step on them, or just use good old-fashioned bribery to get the door man to look the other way.For being this early, I'm honestly shocked at the amount of content already available considering the dev is still making frequent additions. So far so good, as I would recommend this game as-is, and there's more content promised."
,Recommended,512900,30546856,Posted: 16 March,all,Leoric,gud game 👌🏿👌🏿
76561198023421945,Recommended,512900,30549604,Posted: 16 March,all,<: [MG] Bigz :>,"After reading the reviews and watching the video I was intrugued. Then took the chance and bought it. The prologue was done nicely, the tutorial was great, the gui is good, the ovverall mechanics is very nice, and I would recommend this game to all my friends even twice on Sunday."
76561198005539813,Recommended,512900,30569652,Posted: 17 March,all,DrkPaladin,"Picked this up after seeing some videos on youtube.  I love it, but it is still early access, so variety and missions are not there yet.What is there though is a lot of fun characters to play with and unlock, and very addictive gameplay.  Depending on how you decide to play, it could feel like you are playing the the SNES versions of GTA, Shadowrun, Metal Gear, or a puzzle game.The variety in characters, wacky items, and ability to play how you want and be rewarded for it is exceptional.  The hours I've already put into it have justified the $15 price tag, even in early access.  After unlocking every character, I've still yet to try them all.TLDR:  Would possess a cop and free a small army of gorillas again."
76561198072060351,Recommended,512900,30606917,Posted: 18 March,all,Hex Decimus,"This is one of those games that has the mission statement of offering as many different playstyles as possible.  The fun comes from trying to discover new strategies and ways to play.This game is in such an early state and I still can't put the dang thing down.  It's fabulous fun, and I believe it's just going to keep getting better and better.I highly recommend you support this project."
,Recommended,512900,30606181,Posted: 18 March,all,butterbean,"Great potential, already plenty of game play as it is. Good sense of humour in the game"
,Recommended,512900,30605697,Posted: 18 March,all,OxydizoR,"This game turned out to be one of my favorite games in my library! Game play is phenominal, as is the generated level aspect. Not to mention trying to get new characters via doing various things in game. So far this game has no premium currency which is a plus for me."
,Recommended,512900,30510310,Posted: 14 March,all,BiG^DoG,"This game is the poster child for you don't need flashy graphics to have a hell of a fun time.  This is a quick, enjoyable, time waster of a game.  If you have 15-30 minutes to kill, you can't go wrong with this.  The developer had a genius move... Release weekend made it free to play.  Other indie developers should take note... I played for free and was hooked.  I bought the game immediately.Even though I've completed all the content available so far, the replayability is off the chain.  Multiple characters, different strategies to unlock additional characters, the rogue like elements and RNG level design make this infinitely replayable.  The developer is on top of listening to community feedback and seems to be very interested in developing a high quality finished ""retro"" style product.Can't recommend this highly enough if you want a quick, simple, fun game to kill some time."
,Recommended,512900,30497606,Posted: 13 March,all,MBoot,Great!
,Recommended,512900,30497874,Posted: 13 March,all,printer83mph,"Holy bananas this is a fun game.I've been following Streets of Rogue's development for a while, and I had been playing the alphas and found out it was to be released on Steam. Even in early access this game is 100% worth it. The developer is constantly adding new features, fixing bugs, and making the game a better experience in general. The gameplay has such variety and choices that you're always thinking up a new way to tackle a situation. This is one of those games where you have to think! It's simply amazing."
,Recommended,512900,30495493,Posted: 13 March,all,Darkfiend009,"A lot of fun with a dedicated developer. Crazy combat and hilarious commentary. Would recommend to anyone, including a handless deaf guy. 10/10"
,Recommended,512900,30493262,Posted: 13 March,all,ScaR-x-FacE,Everything gets people mad... But I throw banana peels at them so it's okay
,Recommended,512900,30498474,Posted: 13 March,all,HegstaHamster,The style of this game is AWESOME! I absolutely love it! I highly reccomend this game to anyone!
,Recommended,512900,30504557,Posted: 14 March,all,Fira,Promising. Very. Promising. I can't sum it up otherwise.
,Recommended,512900,30499121,Posted: 13 March,all,Mike,"Tried it. Liked it. Bought it. Best game I've played  in Early Access in quite a while. It's silly, It's fun, add some freinds and it's a barrel of laughs. You can tell the developer put a lot of love into this game. if you are looking for a game to play with freinds check this one out. it has Online, LAN, hell you can do 4 players on one computer if you wanted. Worth the money. LOTS OF POTENTIAL!!"
,Recommended,512900,30461115,Posted: 11 March,all,TnuocEht,"(Only a few days after steam launch at time of writing.)Told myself i'd buy it when the multiplayer issues were fixed but i ended up purchasing it anyway because its just so fun, and the local co-op works just fine right now.If you like random gen rouge-likes (Binding Of Issac for ex.), Monaco, the original GTA games, 5089, Deus Ex, actually decent humor with a LARGE varity of methods to complete objectives, pick it up. It is only going to get better too."
,Recommended,512900,30500514,Posted: 13 March,all,Wyseman76,"First I want to say thanks to the Dev for giving a free weekend to try out the game. My son and I had a blast and after the weekend was up I bought 2 copies to support the future of this product.Second, I am not a huge Rogue Like player, as I tend to get way to frustrated and usually never come back. This game really does a great job of balancing the RNG and Player decision making with respect to completing the levels. It's far from perfect and still needs some work but even with the general repeditive nature of the game there is plenty of meta and things to attempt given some of the games emergent gameplay.I look forward to the future of the game and will continue to waste a few hours here and there to this amazingly entertaining game."
,Recommended,512900,30495667,Posted: 13 March,all,Tready,"This game has increased my faith in the whole Early Access process and I was happy to buy it. Plus a free weekend on the launch date is a pretty classy move! Great game with a good variety of characters and gadgets, giving you a ton of different ways to complete missions. Zero technical issues for me on the free weekend. The dev seems to care a great deal and the amount of time and love put in really shows. Looking forward to more mission types and characters as the game grows."
76561198254065242,Recommended,512900,30495141,Posted: 13 March,all,Max larcenies,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avl6jsh6u6c&list=UUMlM3okC4jTgkPFgyo0kd5w
76561198122758011,Recommended,512900,30452364,Posted: 11 March,all,Tboss,"Best Game ever 10 out of 10. Would recommend to everyone. Loved the game in Itch.io, and more on steam. You have to buy it to belive it. Great Job Matt D"
,Recommended,512900,30454168,Posted: 11 March,all,TheBloodyGamer,-shot a guy-low hp-he's running-i'm on low hp as well-i eat a banana-i catch up to him-finished him with the banana peel10/10
76561198045281743,Recommended,512900,30457562,Posted: 11 March,all,perpetrated by our own govt,"This game is super fun and has so much potential.However, I hope the developer sees all the positive reviews as motivation to continue development. So many games with potential lose steam halfway through early access, and I really hope this isnt one of them."
,Recommended,512900,30457299,Posted: 11 March,all,Dknighter,"Very good game, loads of fun. Just needs to sort out the random disconnects in games and it will be great! - The Dev is working on it."
,Recommended,512900,30488241,Posted: 13 March,all,justmutantjed,"Streets of Rogue is amazing. It's very full even being in early access. I'm honestly happy as it is, but I'm looking forward to what this game can become. I've been enjoying the freeware Alpha, and the dev has been very communicative and active in responding to feedback and issues.Every time I play, I'm treated to lunacy and chaos. Most of the time, it's because I've done something to cause it. Every game, no matter how often I play the same character, the chance is that I've done something, clicked the wrong thing, whatever, but it's all good because the bat-poo crazy shenanigans that follow are almost inevitably hilarious and make for great YouTube footage.The change from the freeware version to the pay version is a little jarring because there's stuff you have to unlock in the pay version that was just available in the free version, but having experienced the full run of it, I know what I'm working toward unlocking, and it's WORTH IT. Do yourself a favour and buy this as soon as you can. You'll get to watch an already-great game become a leader."
,Recommended,512900,30482127,Posted: 12 March,all,Møøseman,*Poison people making them small* They get crushed from people's stepping on them.*Poison people making them giant* They destroy everything by walking into them.*Poison people with cyanide* They instantly explode.This game is.... Phenomenal.9/10
,Recommended,512900,30482406,Posted: 12 March,all,TrueCringe,very fun with and theres is a lot to do at this time
76561198007120925,Recommended,512900,30469721,Posted: 12 March,all,Dinoabunai,A really nice game with deep gameplay and open world with many possibilities! Great both in solo or co-op!
,Recommended,512900,30463833,Posted: 11 March,all,Lad Blocker,"I have been following this game since it's been on Itch.io and have been patiently waiting for this moment. At last Streets of Rogue has come to Steam! This is a great rogue-lite title (as the name suggests) with a great soundtrack and amazing gameplay. The amount of detail put in to this game is truly outstanding; comedic dialogue, moddable weapons, variety of pickups and perks, funny item descriptions, and crazy over-the-top gameplay complete with punching people through walls, shrinking and growing people, and bloody gibblets of meat! with that said this is a very early version with very few levels and a fraction of the content, Unless you want to support the developers (like me) or are absolutely certain you'll love this game, I'd wait a while for more content to be added."
,Recommended,512900,30467584,Posted: 12 March,all,Black Smite,"Banana OP please nerf.Ok, seriously, nice game. I'd recommend it to absolutely anyone.9.7/10 ~ Not enough jokes"
,Recommended,512900,30467594,Posted: 12 March,all,[Linux] RTheren,"I've found this game during Early Alpha thanks toGamingOnLinux.com.Thanks Liam.While this game constist for now only with 2 stages (Slums, Industrial) with 3 levels, it still provides more replayability and fun than any AAA game nowadays.This games deserves your attention and money to grow up to something beautiful, so please consider the purchase of this awesome piece of art.For me: 10/10"
76561198067064178,Recommended,512900,30891462,Posted: 1 April,all,HENTAI,"Good, but needs more content."
,Recommended,512900,30907600,Posted: 2 April,all,derp213,"i love it its so well made you can do so much, play with friends and kick♥♥♥♥"
76561198297816705,Recommended,512900,30876924,Posted: 1 April,all,Geo888,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!!!!! You can do anything any way you want! Cant wait for the rest of the floors to come
,Recommended,512900,30869130,Posted: 31 March,all,Prince Raphael,"I have 216 games in my library and have played a decent amount of them. There's a reason I gotta write a review. It's the game dev. I was real shaky about early access and heard bad stories from people. I thought this game looked original, so I took a stab at it. I find much love and good feedback about this guy. I found breadcrumbs on what he's done to make this game better and saw great commitment to create somthing great. Since I've bought the game there's already been major strides towards bringing this game to perfection. I'm not rating gameplay at all you can read the other review for that. Just know that unless he dies this game is going to be one of the best rogue-like games on the market. It's originality is key. If you can find another game like this one please let me know I'm buying it. It has a different feel then any game I've ever played and will only further diversify itself when it reaches full potential. Even with the current state of what some may say is a lack of content(Mostly needs more levels). The gameplay is extremely fun and when the next floor is added I'll catch a rager for sure. This new update is going to get me sucked in again for awhile and if he updates twice a month as stated. Glue me to my PC and tell my job I quit I can move back to mommas house anyway! This game will easily be justified at around 30 bucks when it's done."
,Recommended,512900,30882786,Posted: 1 April,all,Blindkitty,I love this game I can only imagine where it will go. I love the fact that it is a rogue like gta sort of game and I just can't put it down!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysuP8uUwFBA
76561198121032606,Recommended,512900,30887179,Posted: 1 April,all,Hummungus,Very fun game. Very querky and humerous would definatley recommend.Only downside is there is no doggos :(
76561198081301761,Recommended,512900,30438720,Posted: 10 March,all,MLG Poop,i have been waiting for so long to play the game on steam. it is verry fun!
,Recommended,512900,30792891,Posted: 28 March,all,♛PeperS♛,quite a fun game to play with friends do download and play ..
76561198002600160,Recommended,512900,30498357,Posted: 13 March,all,ZeROX,"** I feel like i had to go back and rewrite this little review... And maybe a final time for the Finished Product.Think of this game as a GTA 2ish with RPG and Rogue-lite elements mixed in with the modern Pixel Art band of games. Tons of classes so far with more in future im sure each with thier own abilities and attributes to mix up the game experience. Complete 2 to 3 objectives on each floor to procede to the next inANYorder, toANYplaystyle your little heart desires. You can go Rambo-like as a Gorilla and smash s*&% up or capping heads with your crew as the gang leader. Or maybe you want to do a little pick pocketing and commit B&Es as the Thief or Mettle in ppls afairs without being seen like the Ninja would... Each randomly generated floor is filled with weapons and tools to be rewarded, found, stolen and looted from people and chests. All this can be done Solo or with 3 others. Now its not perfect and things can get out of hand with s*#& flying around and accidently killing your teammates but its fun. So far the variety has been great and the audio...Well its got a Nice soundtrack that keeps the game bumping and smashing.I cant give it a numerical value coz its not finished yet but so far its 2 thumbs way up your monkey A$$."
,Recommended,512900,30804151,Posted: 28 March,all,INVICTUS,"It's little more than a demo right now, but still worth every penny I spent on it.  If they find a way to work vehicles in there (in true GTA fashion), I'd be the happiest gamer alive."
,Recommended,512900,30761251,Posted: 26 March,all,the,It may be early access but in the hours that I have played this game I have about done everything that can be. In the time that I had I have very much enjoyed it and am looking forward to future updates.
76561198124806633,Recommended,512900,30742838,Posted: 25 March,all,Darian,I've never had more fun knocking on people's doors and wailing on them once they open it.
76561198304676872,Recommended,512900,30763084,Posted: 26 March,all,ridane2013,Dude. Dude! Dude!!! DUUUUUUUUUUDDDDDEEE game is Awsome if this is early access I could only imagine. so what if you could be a doctor and one of those crazy ones thats just injects people with stuff. so you can be a doctor a police office and a soldier a shape shifter you name it. game does take a little to get use to but you will enjoy this.
,Recommended,512900,30489262,Posted: 13 March,all,Straw,"The live, real-time nature of absolutely everything is astounding and fantastic fun. I've always enjoyed games that kind of ""play on their own"" through a Michael Bay-infused rube goldberg machine of AI strings and this one really resonates with me. I'll outline a quick story that made for one of the most memorable runs in my short time of playing this game:I need to access this hospital and toggle a couple of switches. Unfortunately for me, I'm the thief, rendering my presence in any sort of public building met with hostility. There are also three goons armed with various melee weapons capable of bringing my demise. I have an RPG, luckily found through a vendor, as well as a syringe that has an unknown effect. My final weapon of choice will be a banana that I plan on using either for health or for some sort of advantage to be gained in a 1v1 scenario. So, I head over to the side of the hospital to the air ventilator and drop in my syringe. The effect turns out to be strength, but regardless the gas seeps through the vents and the 10 or so bouncers and doctors flee outside the one entrance and amass in a large pool of bodies, waiting for the gas to end. I pause for a moment and then realize I have an RPG, and seeing an opportunity too juicy to pass up, fire at the clump of people. The rocket connects and I gib 6 of them, while the rest flee inside. I scamper in and annihilate three with a police baton with relative ease, but a goon with a pistol is moving in and out of rooms, attempting to search for me. I drop my banana right outside the door of the room he's in and lo and behold, he sidesteps the banana with ease and opens fire. Having the strength bonus I gave before, his shots take me down from 40 or so health to exactly 5, just enough time for me to stab him to death. I flip the switches, congratulate myself, and then proceed to slip on my own banana peel while staring at my inventory, trip, take 5 damage, and die.Moral of the story? Buy this game. Even if you manage to kill yourself with a banana peel."
,Recommended,512900,30773420,Posted: 27 March,all,ConflictingPower,"Best 8-bit Like Game I've Ever Played, Brakes All Standerds For This Type Of Game"
,Recommended,512900,30823615,Posted: 29 March,all,Mr. Hippo,"Great game. Good Beatemup Game. I do have one problem, and thats the lack of content, but obviously its in early access so I will let that slide. Utter then that its pretty good! ^-^"
,Recommended,512900,30824291,Posted: 29 March,all,Arnice,"this game is pretty good, my experience so far=gets the gorilla personuses itstarts mauling on everyone, especially scientistthrow banana peels to hide my tracksI cant speak englishDies by being shotGoes back to being gorilla persononly bad thing about my experience is that i didnt get to drag a scientist across the map >;c"
,Recommended,512900,30822386,Posted: 29 March,all,Hammer of Evil,"Played a bit and unlocked the wrestler.promptly killed someone by throwing a toilet at them.toilet/10 would throw a toilet again.All things aside, its an easy quick smashy face game. Players of the 8bit NES system are going to feel some nostalgia from playing Rampage(tm), except without the tedious building climbing, and you can actually die.A fast paced, fun little madness type game. And the developer is a golden example of a human being. Can't go wrong with this, it's hilarious."
,Recommended,512900,30695498,Posted: 23 March,all,seanbry,"Super fun roguelike, multiple play styles, and the characters all feel different enough to warrant repeated plays. Can't wait for more levels. Outsmarting the AI feels great, and bashing them when things go south is also fun.Only complaint is the radiation levels slow things down a little too much. Increasing the timer may allow for more daring runs."
76561198158441170,Recommended,512900,30713257,Posted: 24 March,all,A Level 4 Sentry,Fun
,Recommended,512900,30845288,Posted: 30 March,all,Cheridan,"A really amazing top-down roguelite featuring a wealth of items and a ton of unique playable characters that each support their own playstyle. Wander through the city completing objectives and looting or purchasing equipment, and then use it in creative and sadistic ways to advance through the levels.I was hooked the moment I put an electro pill into a building's air filter system, causing those inside to shock each other. The lone survivor of the zappening ran out of the building and attacked the first person he saw, who happened to be a random passerby. Classic.The game's environments are rendered in crisp, detailed pixel art, and the character art though of lesser quality has its own charm. The sound design is great, making each shot and thump feel nice and heavy. Though its an early access title, there's already enough content and variation in each run to play over and over, and updates are being added to the game at a healthy pace.If all that isn't enough, it features full online multiplayer so you can share the laughs.Would recommend to anyone who enjoys roguelites, top-down shooters, stomping through cities as a giant ape, and/or fun."
,Recommended,512900,30969862,Posted: 5 April,all,MaizeMars206,"Streets of rogue is definitly my all time favorite game on PC.streets of rogue is about you and your friends working in a rebelion against an insane mayor. you have to do quests for the resistance, or you can tottaly wing it and kill everybody in your path or something. i recommend this game to everybody because you can play however you want. for example: there are some charecters for players who just want to kill everybody such as the soldier charecter and there are some for stealth people such as the thief or the assasin. it also has a great multiplayer system so i can play with my friends.overall, this game is great and i have been with it since alpha 15 checking off the days on the calender waiting for its release and it was better than i expected."
76561198005396567,Recommended,512900,30967492,Posted: 5 April,all,AC1D DR☮P,Excellent co-op stealth dungeon crawler. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,512900,30928140,Posted: 3 April,all,Peacey P,"An incredibly promising attempt at recreating the ""immersive sim"" feel of Deus Ex and System Shock in a goofy, anarchic randomly generated city. Be a loan shark and snort coke to get financial superpowers! Be a shapeshifter and try to not get arrested for public indecency! Earn chicken nuggets for your hard work!"
,Recommended,512900,30915210,Posted: 2 April,all,Atreidi,"I really wanted to like this game because I love rogue-like games, unfortunatelly for this game, it is just not enough, at least not enough for the 16 dollars price tag. Not even close.This is an awesome $5 game but a terrible $15 game. I would maybe buy on a sale.Don't be like me and before you get swayed by the good reviews, check out some videos or reviews before comminting. :)"
76561198117966905,Recommended,512900,30932787,Posted: 3 April,all,Hyan Norse,"Love the game its a 10 out of 10 for me, Just bought my Girlfriend a copy so we can play 2 player :D. Glad i came across this game"
76561198243438958,Recommended,512900,30992652,Posted: 7 April,all,Shokorana,I like this game it has spicy memes
,Recommended,512900,31951108,Posted: 25 May,all,Snickerdoodle The Titmouse,11/10 would free Gorilla's just to watch them punch scientists again.
,Recommended,512900,31953822,Posted: 25 May,all,Prelle,"Pretty neat!Everything works and it's incredibly unpredictable at times. I'll just do it the lazy way and make a list.PositiveGreat graphicsGood musicOpen gameplay(Seriously, there are loads of options!)A variety of characters with different perksIt can be really difficultIt's replayable!Multiplayer works!Updates every two weeks or so.NegativeLack of levels. Currently three but more are on the way.Repetetive levels. They are randomly generated but sometimes it just feels dull...Music gets irritating at times."
76561198169699593,Recommended,512900,32028818,Posted: 28 May,all,Memechael,"Love this game, so fun! can't wait for all the levels!!!"
76561198025611332,Recommended,512900,32030507,Posted: 28 May,all,InoShikaChoBro,I haven't laughed this hard and had this much fun with a game in some time. It is even better when playing with friends!
76561198068795326,Recommended,512900,32010070,Posted: 27 May,all,Deadlypeaches,If you like playing Rogue-likes I don't see why you won't like this. Not only is it really fun but as of right this it isn't done yet! The developer is incredibly active with the community so I would say this is definitely worth the 14.99$
,Recommended,512900,32009214,Posted: 27 May,all,Saltyseconds,"Before I say anything i would like to preface this with the information that I keep involved with this community, creating wiki entries and actively playing.ProsCan be slow at times, and way to fast at others, generally keeps a good pace however.Massive amounts of variety in playstyle, with some characters playing in an entirely different way then others.Multiplayer works pretty consistenty, no ridiculous desync but it still exists.Early Access, so, so, so much more content on the way for the game, added on top of the variety that already exists.Active community, Discord Server, Steam Group, Wiki, ETC.The unbalance can result in wacky and fun situations, usually doesen't cause any value to be lost.ConsReally Under/Overpowered Characters and item combos, Water Pistol+Cyanide/Resurection Shampoo.Lots of bugs, most of which don't break the game, but they do make the experience annoying at times.Story makes a sad attempt to be edgy and funny, fails miserably at doing so.Most items need to be unlocked, though it can be done through just playing the game, my 22 Hours still dont have         most of the traits unlocked.In Conclusion...A great game with an amazing amount of potential with an amazing community and a developer that actively ASKS for player input into the game and has implemented a lot of the suggestions given."
76561198203144014,Recommended,512900,32008498,Posted: 27 May,all,Depresia,Really entertaining and smooth gameplay. Lots of diversity and choice of plan of action. I strongly recomend this game :)
76561198067003888,Recommended,512900,32008512,Posted: 27 May,all,NEO! | MurderOfCroz,Not a complete package yet but you can see the framework is great. Stellar gameplay.
76561198065925734,Recommended,512900,32008473,Posted: 27 May,all,sfraens,"Im not going to lie, I had more fun with Streets of Rogue in a single hour, than I did with GTA V in a full four hours. This game is my absolute favorite of all time, and I couldn't suggest that you buy it anymore than I am right now. I can assure that you won't be disappointed, in fact, with the amount of awesome Matt Dabrowski packed into this game, you will without a doubt love it by the end of the tutorial. I highly suggest that you give this one a try, even if your not into the fighting game genre, because this game is far more than just another beat-em-up retro title, its just awesome."
,Recommended,512900,32016199,Posted: 28 May,all,Caysind,"LOVE this game!  Super fun, runs smoothly and haven't encountered any glitches so far.  The Twitch integration is great!  I streamed this game and my viewers loved being able to participate in the game by voting."
,Recommended,512900,31985934,Posted: 26 May,all,Hemebond,Lots of fun and fantastic systems to play with.
,Recommended,512900,32005240,Posted: 27 May,all,Pix,You can arrest people while they're taking a wiz12/10 would be a creep again
,Recommended,512900,31185685,Posted: 16 April,all,Ersatz,"As of this review, the game is in Alpha build 21. Please keep that in mind.Streets of Rogue is a randomly generated floor to floor top-down pixel art roguelite. In a market flooded with games with strikingly similar premises, Streets of Rogue sets itself apart by giving you an unrelenting amount of freedom in the way you choose to tackle the objectives you're given each level. This ""Nuclear Throne meets Deus Ex"" gameplay meshes very well with the variety of characters to choose from, from the pacifist Doctor, to the rutheless (and illiterate) Jock, assuring each run will be wildly different from the last if you swap characters.How have I gone this far into the review without mentioning the co op. The ENTIRE game is playable with up to 4 people, and is honestly the best way to play the game, in my opinion. While some characters may be a bit lacking in singleplayer, they excel well with another player to fill in your shortcomings. Absolutely a blast. My favorite thing about Streets of Rogue is probably the dedicated developer. Matt Dabrowski's passion for this game is unparelleled, with frequent updates and constant community reachout. Seriously, any indie dev should look up to Matt as inspiration. Overall, Streets of Rogue is a fantastic game, whether you're alone or with friends, you're bound to have a good time."
,Recommended,512900,31113152,Posted: 13 April,all,Yung Chookah,"This game is amazing and a great time consumer, but it has low capabilties on the co op internet side pls fix."
,Recommended,512900,31303952,Posted: 22 April,all,tiilerdye,Very fun
76561197999773049,Recommended,512900,31347517,Posted: 24 April,all,Puttnix,"This is by far the most impressing and best rouge-like indiegame i have played. It is definitly worth it price. I can't even belive it is EA, it is very good as it is, but i still cant wait for more updates. :DThe amount of depth that the exceptionally good random level design provides this game has is just too impressive. Still after 30+h i find new way to solve different problems. Sometimes i find it similar to the old amiga game, ""the clue"" but with random level generator.I barley can't belive only one guy coded this. There are studios with 100:ths of programmers that don't even come close to the quality of this game.You will not be dissapointed if you like indie rouge-like games!"
,Recommended,512900,31347744,Posted: 24 April,all,Salem727,The game is wonderful however if you don't wanna spend $15 incase you don't like it i'd highly recommend the free version on Gamejolt to test it
76561198176533758,Recommended,512900,31229006,Posted: 18 April,all,Person Guy,"This game has been out for a month, is early access, and has already hit that steam overwhelmingly positive, and it has sure ♥♥♥♥'n earned it. The replayability is through the ♥♥♥♥ing roof, with randomly generated levels and a ton of characters to choose from, all with their own specialties and abilities. It's hard to describe just how fun this, so I recommend just buying this game right now. I don't care if your broke, go beg on the streets for money. You have to get this."
76561198230382124,Recommended,512900,31237533,Posted: 19 April,all,Lucy,good game
76561198004630611,Recommended,512900,31247970,Posted: 19 April,all,Brannigan,I didn't realize how creative rogue-likes could be until I got this. It's not even done and I've already had more fun than quite a few AAA titles.
,Recommended,512900,31312359,Posted: 22 April,all,Ball Of Hate,"Fun, pretty addicting, and the amount of different ways you can play it is awesome."
,Recommended,512900,31307956,Posted: 22 April,all,IncoherentMule,"Can we get an ""in the middle"" option? It's an amazing game, but the price is too much for what it is right now.SOR is a top-down roguelike that makes a lot of references to other things.What do you do? You run around murdering people and completing missions in however you want. Have to steal something? You can:Put a cyanide pill in the air filterHire someone to kill everyoneKill everyone yourself, you lazy bum.Sneak in with a wall bypasserBlow everything upThere are several classes and constant updates. The developer has a lot of passion for this game. It's everything I've ever wanted in a game.This game also supports local multiplayer. Not enough games do this. Thank you!"
,Recommended,512900,31283860,Posted: 21 April,all,Kranchers,"Great Game! Explosions? It has it! Doctor Assassin? It has it! Chicken Nugget Currency? It has it! Best of all, its MULTIPLAYER!"
76561198110649975,Recommended,512900,31285688,Posted: 21 April,all,Captain Jack Daniels,"Great game, lots of fun, LOADS OF POTENTIAL! cannot wait to see where this goes!"
,Recommended,512900,31337572,Posted: 24 April,all,GamingFlaming,"Great Game!I was a little unsure if should i buy this but that free weekend sold me.There's so many ways to complete missons, to do and this is in early access.There's also mutiplayer and split screen co-op which is very fun!ProsMany Characters with Traits.Do Almost anything.Splitscreen  up to 4 Co-op and online mutiplayer.Many Weapons, Items, Random generated towns.ConsSome minor issues you may encounter like mutiplayer online having some issues.Some minor issues with generation."
15535466776778737,Recommended,512900,31385056,Posted: 26 April,all,Deathrayjj,"Evene though its a early acess game it has hours of fun gameplay. When i first botted it up i was greeted to a hilarious tutorial after that i started unlocking all the characters, my personal favorite is ninja so i cloak and oneshot people my other favorite is vampire because to regen you can suck on people and kill them for hp. This game now has a lot of potential and i hope to see more features and epic gameplay in the future! I definitly reccomend this game to whoevers a fan of pixel style randomly generated rpgs."
,Recommended,512900,31386847,Posted: 26 April,all,US Marine Hyde,"Streets of Rogue is a (you guessed it) rogue-lite that offers unlimited amounts of replayability. This game offers a variety of (for the most part) balanced characters that add more variety to the game. Although I think this game has its flaws, the game is made by one guy, not to mention it's early access, so bugs and unbalance are bound to be present. With a huge pool of items and characters, and more to come, I can see this game spawning a community of fans just like the 2014 hit Binding of Isaac did. Really love this game and can't wait for future updates!"
76561198022764228,Recommended,512900,31364709,Posted: 25 April,all,Treant Brotector,"The mission objectives get a bit repetitive, but the game as a whole has considerable longevity as a result of its GTA-like ""run around and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up"" appeal, and the variety of classes also helps keep things fresh. I've had a blast with this game so far and I haven't even tried Co-op yet."
76561198069961240,Recommended,512900,31263137,Posted: 20 April,all,chedderd,Really great if you like rogue likes
,Recommended,512900,31410573,Posted: 28 April,all,Spekkio,A freaking fantastic roguelike that's like Hotline Miami and Deus Ex had a baby. The systems-driven interactions will entertain for hours and hours.
,Recommended,512900,31411149,Posted: 28 April,all,Bloodspilla,"This is going to obviously be a very rough comparison but I feel if we WERE to compare it with games at a very basic level, I'd say GTA 2 with a blend of Gungeon and Hotline Miami, it is FRECKING amazing.Don't get me wrong YES it is early access currently and YES there are bugs and it's imcomplete as with any early access if you don't understand that look it up.What I like:*20 Classes to choose from all feel different (except for maybe the two gang member clones).*Levels are RNG similar to how Gungeon generates its levels.*4 Player online & Local co-op makes it even more fun.*Perks (like RPG perks I guess? extra health, hard to notice etc when you level)*Hyped up chiptune music*Mutators (pre-made ones but with future ability to make your own soon)*Blowing s**t up in a gooey red mess (I love gibs I'm old school ok lol)*Some classes have to be unlocked I like this, I don't think everything should be available off the bat.*Daily missions; for example I had to play as the doctor with a massive reduction to my health and could die super easily.*Leaderboards for times/the daily mission coming soon.What needs to be added/fixed:*More gamemodes (currently the normal with/without co-op and the daily mission, though there are the mutators)*Some Sync optimization while doing online co-op (it's not terrible but it's not perfect).*More areas, there are I think 2 levels? (I'm going off achievements here) right now;in each area there are 4 generated levels and each increase with difficulty, don't get me wrong this takes awhile to get through having permadeath with increased difficulty and events likecrazy nearly unkillable robots and radiation attacks that nearly insta killhelp prolong the gameplay but more levels do need to be added in at some pointIf you're kinda on the fence about it even though the reviews are generally good and you're iffy about early access I can understand that there's been quite a few failures on steam but I think this does have potential, just alone that Tiny Build are backing Matt (madguy90, aka the dev) is amazing and it really shows and I feel like it'll shine through on the final product.He's pulling out updates on a biweekly basis, he tweets stuff out, there's always patch notes which I personally like.TLDR:At the current state I'd give it a 9/10, my reason being there's always improvement and completion to be had. Matt(the dev) deserves the backing IMO.If you're Iffy about it he has a 'demo' of sorts, on Itch IO there's no time limit and you can try all the classes below (restricts daily quests and co-op online, allowing only 2 local co-op):https://madguy.itch.io/streets-of-rogueI personally played the demo for 3 hours and basically played out the Futurama meme IRL of Fry saying shut up and take my money so if you play the demo and like it I encourage you to help back it by purchasing on steam also."
76561198045244997,Recommended,512900,31423390,Posted: 28 April,all,When do you do?Is now.,The best rogue.
,Recommended,512900,31426044,Posted: 28 April,all,Joe,"Well, one huge point is the soundtrack! I would find myself getting too distracted by the soundtrack to play the actual game!The soundtrack is definetly not the best part about this game, the best part is the freedom. Being able to run around and cause the most amazing chaos, makes a game brilliant. It's the sort of thing Grand Theft Auto did and achieved. This game achieved it too. If I wanted to play as a gorilla and go kill random scientists in their houses, I could. Do you want to play as a hacker who can unlock safes from OUTSIDE the bank? You can! Do you want to play as a random Slum Dweller who is only geared with his firsts and alchohol? Go ahead! So much stuff to do for an Early Access title! So many characters as well! I do not want to see this game do bad, so keep doing what you do and make this game better! It may not be finished but it still has hours of entertainment for you and your friends.Do I recommend this game?Buy it.It was worth every cent.Thank you,Joe"
76561198312259767,Recommended,512900,31580098,Posted: 6 May,all,CCMQGM299,This game was awesome. It was so cool how you could take people out and beat the level. Everybody should play this game!
76561198092053946,Recommended,512900,31576260,Posted: 6 May,all,DrVegaPunk,brilliant rogue like. fast paced and gamey. awaiting final product
76561198085184964,Recommended,512900,31594293,Posted: 6 May,all,qqwg123,Great game overall. Could use a little more variety overall but every character is a completely different way to play the game.
,Recommended,512900,31599470,Posted: 7 May,all,Ki Urakan,i just play the tutorial but it's already make me laugh a lot! it's really fun and a dark game i think.
,Recommended,512900,31272321,Posted: 21 April,all,SuperhumanOG,Awesome game. Fun local co-op. Great fun with friends and lots of replayability. Loving it!UPDATE: One of the best games out there. Unlimited replayability. Buy it.
,Recommended,512900,31648231,Posted: 9 May,all,Wheatley,"Just love it! I love the AI, I love the weapons, I love everything!Also its in early access so I have loads of stuff to look foward to!10/10"
,Recommended,512900,31802434,Posted: 17 May,all,JustGetZeFlammenwerfer,"A pixelate,fun and interactive game! Already beat the first 3 levels,waiting for an update!"
76561198136868737,Recommended,512900,31798594,Posted: 16 May,all,nedas51,"I highly suggest playing this game with a friend. It is fun solo but with a decent list of classes to unlock/play, you and a friend (or a couple for that matter) would really enjoy this title in my opinion."
76561198286671437,Recommended,512900,30482458,Posted: 12 March,all,reldagm,"Well... Not much to say, the first minute I ever saw this I thought this game was exactly what I needed... And I was right, Humor, Violence and Freestyle in a single game.I thought I would only buy games that were in disccount, but seeing the efford and the ammount of updates in this game, made me change my opinion, I really expect this game to grow and become better and better.No down sides yet, since its not a finished game and, in my opinion, the variation of characters is fine."
,Recommended,512900,30455759,Posted: 11 March,all,Potato Joe,"I have played since a few days after it came out in march, and I would consider it to be my 3rd favourite game of all time. It is ♥♥♥♥ing good."
,Recommended,512900,31717430,Posted: 13 May,all,LQwet,Tis good
76561198075377749,Recommended,512900,31723053,Posted: 13 May,all,Unknownspar10,"Just gotta say, this game is absolutely nuggets!!"
,Recommended,512900,31759541,Posted: 14 May,all,Cpt Arrolin & Bunny,"7 Hours of play time in two days, Thats pretty decent for me. This game Is a really good game so far If you want It with more content (Saying that i haven't even got to 2-2) Just wait a good month or two and it should have More content. Do i recommend the game in its state? No I don't just wait until its updated with more content. Do i recommend the game as a whole? Yes i think this is gonna be a great game."
,Recommended,512900,31778448,Posted: 15 May,all,datwinkdaddy,"Played completely through several times on a free weekend with a couple of buddies.  Probably worth $15 even if it never gets finsihed, as long as you have at least one friend to play with."
76561198194311333,Recommended,512900,31809785,Posted: 17 May,all,kingofcats,this game is better then alot of fully released games.
76561198054368317,Recommended,512900,31759922,Posted: 14 May,all,Jones,"Awesome game, can´t believe this is still at Early Access stage.... it has great features + funny gameplay! Keep the great job dev(s)!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,512900,31761588,Posted: 14 May,all,tonoId,"TLDR: How. How is so much game contained in such a small package??? I've bought $60 games that were far less entertaining! I would even say most of the games I've bought in the last 6 months were worth less than this game is.Longer paragraph:Whoa what the hell??? A rogue-like game with perma-death that doesn't furstrate me, losing my attention in just a few days??? I thought it was impossible, but this guy pulled it off. It is literally randomly generated GTA in pixel-graphics form. Fewer weapons than are currently in GTA V, and no vehicles, but with more playable characters (each with crazy powers and traits), and WAAAAAAY more ways you can screw with the environment around you. Burn down a house. Start a riot, possess a police officer and arrest civilians, be a doctor and chloroform people from behind, be a normal boring office worker (who turns into a friggin werewolf and can reduce whole groups of people to mincemeat). Crack a safe with lockpicks, or just knock out the guy with the key. Break people out of prison or just blow a hole in the wall to release them. It still confuses me how so much is possible in this little game. There are so many opportunities every level that dying and losing the last 20 minutes of progress* is completely fine.  AND I F^CKING HATE PERMADEATH. But THIS game is so friggin good, it puts all those other rogue-likes to shame. I WANT to dive back in and try again, I WANT to see all the different ways I can approach the objectives. Jesus. This game is so above the curve it's ridiculous.*You don't lose ALL progress. With each playthrough, you slowly unlock new characters, you make money to buy new equipment that'll appear in game, you unlock mutators (like sandbox mode, everyone has a rocket launcher mode, etc.)."
76561198278014031,Recommended,512900,31795904,Posted: 16 May,all,Aaronchang989,This is one of the best games I have played. I supported it back when it was free on gamejolt and I bought it when it came out on steam. It has a really humorus plot and gameplay can be either fun of intense. This game can sastisfy my craving for blood without getting to crazy and has great features as well as a diversity of items that are fun to play with. Thumbs up to the creator(s) and its fans.
76561198145024400,Recommended,512900,31798822,Posted: 16 May,all,Cheese,Only had it a few days and already in love with quite a few hours on it. So much content and much more is only being added. There are so many options and every run feels different but its the same super fun premise every time.
76561198121446703,Recommended,512900,30438262,Posted: 10 March,all,FurieTech,"I played this game months before it was on steam and out of everything I can say about it the world that best fits is ADDICTING.My procrastination latches on to this game whenever I have to do any kind of work and it honestly surprises me because I don't get sucked into games too easily.The game can be played in a manner of different ways and it overall just feels like a GAME.EDIT: The updates to the game have improved it significantly, but my one issue is that there needs to be some optimization because I get a decent bit of lag on the industrial levels because of all the fire and other moving evironmental items. My computer is a beast, not that strong but it can handle a lot more than this game and its pixel graphics."
,Recommended,512900,33216653,Posted: 3 July,all,Replay,"Although the game is still in the works I completely recommend it to anyone who wants to have a great time with friends, there is no end to the fun you can have with a 4 person group!"
76561198111954042,Recommended,512900,33217519,Posted: 3 July,all,Lord Tsuchikage Blitzcrank,You can be a Gorilla.... what more could you need from a game?
76561198145782490,Recommended,512900,33282116,Posted: 5 July,all,flamekhan,I picked this game up during the Summer Sale and honestly didn't expect a lot. I just liked the graphics and the possibility of coop so I decided to pick it up. But there is a ton of content in this game! Everything from characters and items to levels and followers. It is an exciting game with smooth gameplay where everything feels really impactful.The dev has done a great job combining the best elements from several genres into an experience that is fresh and compelling. It reminds me of picking up a new game as a kid and being excited at all the possibilities. Can't wait to play some more!
,Recommended,512900,33289108,Posted: 5 July,all,The Legate,"Im too lazy to write a full review, there are trash bins to rifle through."
76561198060580743,Recommended,512900,33287735,Posted: 5 July,all,EvanDarling,"The game is great. It's currently in alpha stage, but it feels like it could be sold as a complete game. The controls, mechanics, and gameplay are all highly enjoyable, as well as smooth. This game is rather cutthroat, with permadeath and punishing enemies or disasters. However, it remains enjoyable with the map variations, and hundreds of items currently in the game. It's worth a buy, check it out."
,Recommended,512900,33294709,Posted: 5 July,all,Kaiylar,"Brilliant game! Significant developer support and he clearly loves the game and wants to see it complete.Although in alpha, the game does not feel like it at all - rather it feels very polished, with tight controls and fun game mechanics that allow you the freedom of choosing your own playstyle - stealthly infiltration or hilarious combat that can go terribly wrong very quickly, creating funny situations that can end badly for you, but you love it anyway, because the chaos was worth it."
,Recommended,512900,33291702,Posted: 5 July,all,{mOg} Blue Thunder Phoenix,"One of my favorite Rogue-like games, and one of the most fun ones I've played in a while."
,Recommended,512900,33301824,Posted: 5 July,all,fuck supplicants,"Cautious reccomendation. The humor can be really cringy on occasion, and the tutorial is the worst offender in that regard. The gameplay, however, is super solid and the local multiplayer works nicely. Tons of replayability, good academic skill ceiling. Good roguelike, but I hope the current sense of humor is a placeholder while the developer works on a better storyline."
,Recommended,512900,33287276,Posted: 5 July,all,Slimy Goodra,You can place a suppresor on a Rocket Launcher.Would play stealth with explosions/10
76561198105195134,Recommended,512900,33288794,Posted: 5 July,all,idinonerd,I just got the game and I love it! I'm starting a little series with it on youtube!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Isga3rnbAN4The game has a ton to offer and don't look up videos on how to play or what the items do! Figuring out the game on your own is the way to go! Keep up the good work. Don't even think about it!
76561198025004435,Recommended,512900,33392345,Posted: 8 July,all,mababa17,"This game is really fun.  Plenty of different modes via mutations and extras that you can use.  The game has a good feel to it.Pros- Many different classes each with their own feel.- Fluid controls.- Large replayability.- Good challenge.Cons- Can be frustrating when you want to play a certain way but it seems difficult to do so.- Graphics are good for me, but not for everybody.- Some tricks seem easy to do but repetative like exploiting blind spots.Overall very good especially if you like multi play."
76561198070637198,Recommended,512900,33388441,Posted: 8 July,all,Worm Charming Badass,I can never look at a bush in quite the same way again.10/10
76561198118357951,Recommended,512900,33389935,Posted: 8 July,all,meme master corndog,this game is lit. buy it.
,Recommended,512900,33393719,Posted: 8 July,all,Neigh-Thoven,"Fun and so many ways to tackle a situation with such diverse content its just... wait what, its still in alpha? Dear god.How you should early access."
,Recommended,512900,33412617,Posted: 9 July,all,Enzor,"Very fun roguelite style game that is fun to play both solo and co-op. The random city/level generation is quite well done and creating carnage in each area is very enjoyable. Hopefully the game still has a lot more content coming, as I'd love to see even more classes added but the variety already in the game is quite good as is."
76561198357328574,Recommended,512900,33381786,Posted: 8 July,all,djdoubledome,Already a great game. Stoked for more content.
,Recommended,512900,33379849,Posted: 8 July,all,╪ 𝔻 𝔼 𝕏 ╪,"Started off as a theif, stole a photo and won some chiken nuggers. Became a slave master and ran a nice business. MUTINY. my slaves killed me. Reborn as a Gorilla. SMASH SCIENCE MAN!!!! Couldnt buy food as I couldnt speak english. die again. Decide to become a comedian, no one likes my jokes. actualy die. Reborn as a Vampire. Time for a feast! die... Overall pretty good only play on disasters every level mode for the best resulsts"
,Recommended,512900,33387848,Posted: 8 July,all,Bluemonster58,"Really fun, lots of classes, and always getting improved on and added too"
76561198062514864,Recommended,512900,33385984,Posted: 8 July,all,Supernorry,I have played since alpha and i really enjoyed it. I bought it last weak and I saw that they did change a lot and improved a lot. Its still a lot of fun and I really enjoy playing it defintly worth buying.
76561198022158033,Recommended,512900,30565527,Posted: 17 March,all,Benny,"I honestly haven't laughed so hard in a game in a long time. This is the type of game that spirals out of control very quickly. I found myself choosing a specific type of character and vowing to play the game a certain way, and being put in situations where I was running for my life literally screaming.Pros:Incredible mini stories arise from your anticsFast paced, quick rogue likeVariability between classesAble to come at scenarios from different anglesCons:A little light on in the different scenarios (however, early access so entirely forgiven)Often panic degrades into a shoot fest in desperationA little bit same-samey at the moment"
,Recommended,512900,30571966,Posted: 17 March,all,GameDragonZero,"NOTE: This game is Early Access and is at best 20-25% finished.  It is, however, fully playable - and fun.SUMMARY: A comedic roguelike/lite mission-based game where the focus is solving the missions your way, from killing everyone to hacking computers.  Currently Early Access, it's a great deal of fun, with emergent gameplay, many solutions, and unlockables.  This is to stealth/action/puzzle adventures what Dungeonmans was to fantasy adventures.In Streets of Rogue you're part of the Resistance, fighting against the evil Mayor who took over the many-layered city (think of it as a kind of archology).  You pick a character, sally forth into various random levels, and complete missions from freeing gorillas to stealing computer chips to generally killing people.  The difference is you solve problems your way.Streets of Rogue provides you with various characters, situations, and equipment options to help you complete your missions outside of killing people (not that it's not viable).  Depending on your character, the random level you're on, and the equipment you've collected you may:* Poison scientists by shoving cigarettes into an air filter so you can sneak into their lab.* Hack a security gun to blast guards.* Bribe someone to give you a special device.* Hire people to help you out.* Take a lot of drugs and go on a rampage.* Shoot people with a shrink ray.* Sneak through a dangerous lab.Streets of Rogue's emergent gameplay comes from combinations of many elements, from layouts to equipment to inhabitants, and always feels fresh.  There's rarely one way to solve a problem (though if there is it's probably violence), and you can find some truly imaginative solutions - like starting a mini-riot with a holographic bigfoot.You also get a variety of characters to play, and unlock more as you proceed.  Be a fast-learning Slum Dweller, a smart but lanky hacker, a high-tech scientist, a gorilla, a vampire . . . each with their own advantages and disadvantages.Of course you'll die, but you'll hopefully score the currency of the future - Chicken Nuggets - to unlock abilities and equipment for your next character.On top of this is the game's humor, which is just plain silly and funny and self-mocking.  This is a game that feels like you and your friends were joshing around about games.The result is simple - the game is incredibly fun.  It's a good game made in the spirit of people that love games.As noted this is Early Access.  It is not finished, so you're signing on for a fun but incomplete game.  The author is open to feedback and is quite nice, so if you sign up expect to both have fun but actually have a chance to help out.So who's this for:* First someone willing to support Early Access.  Kind of a given.* If you like Roguelikes with variations on the classic dungeon theme, this is for you.* If you like emergent gameplay with action/puzzles, alsoa  great choice.* If this review sounded like it's about a game you want - the game has a certain ""something"" to it.I think this is up there with Dungeonmans on the comedic-take-on-a-genre-thats-fun.  A great game."
76561198104665187,Recommended,512900,30582178,Posted: 17 March,all,DECOY,"It's a fun game, and it will be even better when it's development is finished. There are some bugs, but the DEV actively updates the game and patches them out. Very Promising future."
,Recommended,512900,30576817,Posted: 17 March,all,Martini-Mil[PT],I CAN´T STOP PLAYING IT IS SOOOOOO GOOOOOOD!!!!!I TOTALLY recommend anyone to buy such a masterpiece!!!!
76561198099061381,Recommended,512900,30574386,Posted: 17 March,all,King Brian,Simple and fun. Its like risk of rain and gta had a baby except with a stable multiplayer and 8bit top down graphics.
76561197992155507,Recommended,512900,30577635,Posted: 17 March,all,Stinkle Nastysakk,"Having a lot of fun with this game and it isn't even finished yet. Gameplay is hilarious with the freedom to complete missions however you please like a hitman game, but pixel art and cool retro tunes."
,Recommended,512900,30579781,Posted: 17 March,all,「김신」,"I picked this game up on its free weekend and when it timed out I ended up buying it.Its an interesting concept and its reasonably priced. I didnt actually spot that it was early access until I came back to the store page to buy it. Its not plagued with the usual EA garbage Ive personally come to expect from steam and that was a refreshing change to me.Basically the game is a level based RPG with a suprisingly good stealth system and multiple ways to play.Dont feel like killing anyone? Hire someone else to do it.Feel like wiping the entire map off the face of the earth? Ezpz you can do that.You can even bribe cops to ignore your heinous misdeeds.There are even mutators to make your game different. Don't want the psychopathic robot with a rocket launcher chasing you around every 3 levels? No problem use the No disasters Mutator.And the soundtrack. My lord the soundtrack. I love it, it gets me hype everytime I hear it.Its a cute little funny game that will make you laugh. If I had to rate it Id give it an 8.6/10Definitely a buy."
,Recommended,512900,30583507,Posted: 17 March,all,DaGamerGuy101,"I LOVE this game. The only complaint i have is little rooms per floor and yes i think it is worth the price although some do not, so I belive you should purchase it like, right now... what are you still doing here?ummmmm, i said buy it"
,Recommended,512900,30569964,Posted: 17 March,all,Major Jager,"Amazing game, if you are thinking about getting it just do it. This game is better than most of the gamesI currently have. Sure its in early access but for what it currently is and for what it will become (or what I hope it to become) I think it is very much worth every cent."
76561198232093460,Recommended,512900,30503200,Posted: 14 March,all,Rodats,"I usually don't write up reviews, but I figured since this game is actually fantastic for an indie game, I thought I write one:(note: this this review is long, if you don't give a damn about what it has to offer at the time I wrote this, just read the tl;dr.)TL;DR: This game which is still in the alpha stage has alot of potental to rival other popular indie games. The gameplay is fantastic, but the content is still a work in progress. Which is normal for games still in early access. Also can't wait to see how the story gets played out by the time we get to face the one and only major. I want to kill that son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ for letting me have a good time killing other people.. for a ******** beer.Overall, I give it a 9/10. Will raise or lower it if the developer plays his cards right or not. ;)Streets Of Rogue. A game that combines many mechanics into one, unique style of gameplay. I've tried it when it was launched and on it's free weekend, and 2 hours into the game convinced me to fork up that 13$ that it was at the time, as I believed its content and enjoyment will go up in price as it's development gets further.For those who haven't read the description yet, it's a game where you can come up an seeming endless amount of tactics to try and accomplish missions throughout the small town area. (It's actually a huge city, cut off into 3 regions for each sector. There's currently 2 sectors, but as development continues, more sectors will be available to play, making longer runs.)This game actually has a story as well. In a nutshell, it's simply about a major whos gone curropted with power and greed, and a faction who calls themselves; ""The Resistance"" has been formed to kill the major and turn the city back to normal. You, the player, has recently joined the resistance was put up with some training. Once your training was complete, you went out into the city doing whatever it takes to complete the tasks given to you. Trading a rare currency called Chicken Nuggets, that lets you be able to gain powerful traits as you level up (which resets every time you die on a character) or unlock new types of rewards to find new ways of completing missions. You could also use a small amount of those nuggets to grab a useful item that might come in handy when you go out next time with your character.The gameplay itself lets you be able to do an seemingly endless amount of tactics/strategies to complete your missions.Oh? Need to take out the shopkeeper in that building? Distract it by hacking into its computer, walking out of the building with suspicion, then BOOM! a landmine to the foot. Or, you could silently kill him as an assassin. Hmm.. How about shrinking the fellow and crushing him good under your shoes. That seems satisfying.. I could rant on and on about the strategies you could do to finish the mission, but that would take quite alot of your time.There's also Classes. Characters that have their own personality, stats, starting items, and even special abilities. You can be able to unlock more classes by doing certain things on your mission. Like taking out many members of a single gang, getting drunk, or even breaking tombstones.There's also Multiplayer for the game as well, both Local and Global. Have more chaotic fun with your friends. However, I did encounter a few bugs and only one of them broke the game. Didn't have as much problems in singlelayer.The developer also has plans to release lots of more content as well in the distant future, some of which I have probably mentioned earlier and more of these below:-Being able to create your own character.-SEED. Have no idea what it does to be honest.-More items, buildings, and even sectors.-Obviously bug fixes.-Probably more mutations? (Normal runs with a twist in them)Now for the Pros and Cons of the game:Pros:-Amazing gameplay. I already mentioned this several times.-Gives you the ability to be creative in handling missions.-Has good stability. Haven't gotten a crash yet for me. People who have slower pcs might run into issues.-Has decent content that lets you be able to deal with certain situations in many ways.Cons:-Lack of Content. It's kind-of both a pro and a con because while it does have some content that can keep you busy for a while, it doesn't seem endless after many hours of playtime.-Bug issues. It's normal in alpha, and I tend to see them more in multiplayer.-AI can be idiotic/stupidly smart. This one time, I try to attack a theif in self-defense while a cop is cruising by and it suddenly starts attacking me because I was ""breaking the law"". Kind-of resembles real life tbh. Not something major, but forces you to make certain decisions you otherwise wouldn't. Probably just my opinion however.Overall: The game has great gameplay, loads of hours of replayability, started out a decent plot for the game, and is constantly bringing in more content with each month or so. (Whether that be bug fixes or additional content). Though be open-minded about the seemingly lack of content it has at the moment and the multiplayer bugs it has. (they're also in singleplayer but are minor things that don't impact much)This is a game that you can currently buy for at a small price right now. And it's price will casually rise as it soon gets closer and closer to full release. You'll be paying for the amount of quality it has to offer, and you will be getting more of it in enjoyability profit as the game continues to expand and add more content.It's also a good game to play if your in a bad mood and just want to do things your way. Bug your friend to get this game, and trust me, you both won't regret playing this game. If your friend is being a ****, then shrink him and crush him due to annoyance.Highly reccomended for an indie game. I haven't played one that makes me keep on playing for a long time.9/10."
,Recommended,512900,30489227,Posted: 13 March,all,FrizzMuffin,Tried the free weekend and liked it so much I bought it :)It's a fun game with cute graphics and I know people have complained about the graphics and music but I don't see a problem with either. It's fun and very amusing with little quirks here and there with the characters and the AI in the game and It can be difficult at times getting to the next level but that's part of the game. I'm really enjoying it and I give it 10/10 ;)
76561198140686053,Recommended,512900,30504734,Posted: 14 March,all,herahe,just buy it it is the best way to see how amaing it is words just cant discribe it
,Recommended,512900,30500772,Posted: 13 March,all,Mazzle Dazzle,"I love this game so much. Basically, each character is different enough to make the game very interesting. You have the simple characters like the soldier, jock, and gorilla that win by tearing through the city wildly with no regard for the loss of life which is very fun but there are also scientist, werewolves, vampires, ninjas, shapeshifters, etc. They all play differently.The sheer variety makes this game amazing but the story itself has a ton of humor for what is there."
76561198025383507,Recommended,512900,30500754,Posted: 13 March,all,dgreedy,Great game!Can't wait to see how this develops over time.I'd like to see the game rebalanced a bit so that it's a bit more challenging though.  Most character classes eventually become practically unstoppable with good equipment.  Some are more challenging than others and gameplay changes dramatically depending on class.I wish there was a way to increase the amount of enemies for the quests as a mutator.
76561198128495606,Recommended,512900,30500409,Posted: 13 March,all,CableMan,I love it! Very fast paced and fun with friends!
76561197998528153,Recommended,512900,30575484,Posted: 17 March,all,The Honeybadger,"I was slightly skeptical of this one at first glance. After all, roguelikes flood Steam like crazy. But guess what? This one isn't like most others. This one offers something different. To begin, it's fun. Remember the first time you played GTA 1? The freedom you felt wandering a city, doing stuff the way you wanted? This has that. This has crazy mutators that let YOU change the rules of the game how you want. This has awesome classes you can unlock by doing clever and sometimes goofy things while already playing.And, most of all, this is fun. I cannot state that enough. It's lovingly done, and it shows. From the humor, to the way you can change small things on your character like hair color, and style before beginning. If your looking for something different that you won't regret buying, then buy this."
76561198035117579,Recommended,512900,30592419,Posted: 18 March,all,WaSting_Tim3,"*Plays as Comedian*-Walks up to an office complex-office workers swarm around him-Says joke* derpppa derp derpa derp*-They scream ""Thats very offensive""-Continure to chase me down the street10/10 true to modern day comeidans"
,Recommended,512900,32875025,Posted: 27 June,all,GamerXP,Very nice game!
,Recommended,512900,32875071,Posted: 27 June,all,antlersharvest,"The diversity of character abilities, items, unlockables, and strategies to accomplish missions all make this game insanely addictive and replayable.  I am stoked there is a local multiplayer and I could obsessively play singleplayer forever.  Great sense of humor and open endedness paired with direction and small/big enough levels.  Everything is thoroughly balanced to make me do nothing else with my life."
76561198072133583,Recommended,512900,32876096,Posted: 27 June,all,PabloQ,its pretty damn good tbh
76561198013601014,Recommended,512900,32881813,Posted: 27 June,all,MERC Major Gosnell,"One of the few games to put a huge smile on my face,not so much emergent gameplay,as what the ♥♥♥♥ just happened gameplay.In my last playthrough i was tasked with freeing a prisoner,as i enter the building the 2 guards aggro,hitting me so hard i fly into the building next door,who's guards then shoot the entire ♥♥♥♥ing wall down and waste  the 2 original guards.Then Chasing me they proceed to shoot 2 civilians and a police officer.Highly Recomended"
76561198010134705,Recommended,512900,32799657,Posted: 25 June,all,Selva,"This is in Early Access so there's no way of telling if it will be as awesome in the end as it is now.  I have seen a few games in the past that had ""it"" in Early Access but loose their magic later on.  But those are rare.  Streets of Rogue has ""it"" right now.  If they called it finished now I'd be rather happy with it.  There's a few holes and some things that could use a little more pollish.  But over all this game is pretty awesome.  Mostly what it needs it a lot more of what it has now.  It is, and I rarely say this, well worth the asking price.  (Though I can't think of a reason not to get it while it's half off as it is now.)Officially.  I, Selva, recomend this game.  <-(Fifth sign of the appocatlypse.)"
76561198261210363,Recommended,512900,32806953,Posted: 26 June,all,Icu,Good!
,Recommended,512900,32827277,Posted: 26 June,all,Mc G,"Great game! Love the ""open world"" style where you can complete missions in many different ways."
76561198128064801,Recommended,512900,32792623,Posted: 25 June,all,PurpleEmbers,It's a great game but right now when playing multiplayer often the map doesn't generate the same for people playing in the game allowing them to phase through walls or getting stopped on nothing a fix to this would make the game way more enjoyable
,Recommended,512900,32794172,Posted: 25 June,all,Odinpower,GORILLA PUNCH
76561198004025374,Recommended,512900,32818886,Posted: 26 June,all,Safety First,It is pretty good.
76561198047590257,Recommended,512900,32599661,Posted: 20 June,all,James Firewing,"Awesome game, appreciate the split screen which is missing from so many modern games"
,Recommended,512900,30583872,Posted: 17 March,all,Darkun,"Very fun game that is under active development. You can die a lot, but it never feels too frustrating. The dev is also very active with communication, which is great."
,Recommended,512900,31007438,Posted: 7 April,all,☆☆☆Trump 2020☆☆☆,Super fun
,Recommended,512900,31050752,Posted: 9 April,all,Steve das Fiddlebricks,"Bought it today and already spent literally 7 hours XD. Dear developes, you have created something absolutely extraordinary and I like it very much. Playing singleplayer of this is extemely fun! Can't wait to go back to my homecountry and play this with my brother! 10/10 chicken nuggets :D! would recomend this game!"
76561198192992675,Recommended,512900,31056473,Posted: 10 April,all,ZyroSH,"At first when i saw this game i thought: hmm.. this looks kinda good but do i really want to pay 11 pounds for it.Im so glad i did, there are so many awesome ways to achieve the same goal and the creator updates it frequently.It also has MULTIPLAYER!!! what could be better:Cons - all characters need to be fun to play and balanced (some characters are 10 times better than others)"
76561198077518634,Recommended,512900,31084487,Posted: 11 April,all,H.P.,"Positives - A unique indie experience with a developer that updates and communicates with purchasers frequentely.+ Intelligent A.I.+ Rewarding experience+ Versatile list of characters+ Unique Indie gameplay+ Details matter and make sense+ Developer is open, honest, and responds(frequentely) to the community he has created/Encourages critique so he can add some of those very opinions to his game.Negatives - Still in Alpha, be prepared to feel lacking in content after 10-20 hours.- Expensive for the amount of play available- Still in Alpha(what can ya do?)- A few minor bugsOverall - This is a fun game for those seeking a retro-indie experience.  It has great potential and the developer connects with his community quite often, he doesn't leave us hangin; in fact, he will often take his customers opinions into great consideration when expanding depth to the game.If you're short on cash and looking for something to hold you over for the next 6 months, I would probably hold out for a bit on this one.  I play a lot of games and have put more years(by the seconds) into playing games than any addict would like to admit, but being that it's only in Alpha I was blown away by the amount of detail put into it so far.Fingers crossed that this is the game that breaks the Early Access curse that developers nowdays tend to stop at more frequentely than not."
76561198273443902,Recommended,512900,31076466,Posted: 11 April,all,killertnt911,i want it so bad but my controls dont work and it makes me sad it only happens with this game
76561198159222952,Recommended,512900,31107130,Posted: 12 April,all,azimdahl,Perfect retro Roguelike. Looking forward to additional levels!
76561198080263894,Recommended,512900,31102452,Posted: 12 April,all,Daborgon,Amazing get some dogs in <3
76561198349098359,Recommended,512900,31176886,Posted: 16 April,all,Groanges,aimless fun an ummmm..... punchey
76561198029274297,Recommended,512900,31115771,Posted: 13 April,all,technoxan01,Goode geme
76561198052974428,Recommended,512900,31154986,Posted: 15 April,all,Fetus Fly Traps,"Fantastic game, well worth the price and good devs."
76561198156113884,Recommended,512900,31131293,Posted: 14 April,all,isaacthegiraffe,"I havent even opened this game yet, already nutter butter."
76561198050611817,Recommended,512900,31161103,Posted: 15 April,all,dazaricxyz,The only thing I want is more content....such an amazing game!
76561198276014240,Recommended,512900,31052411,Posted: 9 April,all,tripleteam300,"Alright if theres anybody right now lookin at this game and woundering ""is this game worth'it, i mean the traliers cool but is the game that great""1-it has lots of replay value due to the procedualy genarated floors2-its Early Access so it's developing with user feedback, and the developer is constantly updating the game3-it's hillarius and chaotic4-multiplayer so you can play with your freinds... well now im listing features.the game is great if you still don't belive me just watch a lets play, join the streets of rouge discord and interact with the fan base, but the only way you'll know is if you play it for yourself."
,Recommended,512900,32047074,Posted: 29 May,all,Amph3tamineX,"Game is fun, worth the price."
,Recommended,512900,32122316,Posted: 1 June,all,Jetty,"Backstabbed someone with a baseball bat so hard,they went through a ♥♥♥♥ing wall.10/10 would backstab again."
76561197974777040,Recommended,512900,32141844,Posted: 2 June,all,Boyks,Just got this game and the tutorial is an actual great intro to the game. It so much fun running around causing mayhem. The only thing I would like to see is maybe some more non human NPC's other than the killer robot.
76561198373209129,Recommended,512900,31190957,Posted: 16 April,all,mattfred11497,"It's easliy the funiest game I've bought. The different character classes all have the best and worst attributes. Like the Doctor will not use weapon, and the Solder witch gets more XP for killing civilians. Each play thru is diffrent every time you die wtch can make things more difficuilt or easy depending on the carecter you choose.Pros:FunAddittiveMakes me laughPriceCons: (so far)All characters should have a specialThere's rocket launchers, but no mini gunsA level desginer would be nice"
76561198108182207,Recommended,512900,32426642,Posted: 14 June,all,travis.vandenberg,"One of the coolest ideas for a game. I love how you can go through each level playing differently based on your character choice. The characters are very unique and interesting and more are being added on a regular basis. The game developer is very committed to improving and adding to the game and comes out with a new update every two weeks. Beware that the game is still far from finished as two of the five floors are still inaccessible and there are a number of interesting features that are listed but not implemented yet (seed, create a character, etc). The levels can feel a little bit repetitive but all in all, there's tons to do in the game as it is. I had some trouble getting a controller to work for player 1 but no issues with player 2 so thag seems odd. This game is definitely worth the price tag placed on it."
,Recommended,512900,32441650,Posted: 15 June,all,Crizzyoi,"This game is AWESOME, so creative and so many characters and, things you get get and unlock. Not to mention the amount of levels there are which add a different mission evry single time."
,Recommended,512900,33709389,Posted: 21 July,all,a_big_favor,Top down game where you can be sneaky or go in guns/fists blazing.  Wide variety of classes/items to approach the different objectives.  Already a solid game even in early access.
,Recommended,512900,33740315,Posted: 23 July,all,AidoP,Good for killing time. Not an awful lot of content and I can't get the steam controller to work but with active development and hardworking devs you can be sure that this is going to change.
,Recommended,512900,33737400,Posted: 22 July,all,Couch Potato,Good game. Explosion everywhere. A nice alternative if you are bored with GTA's good graphic (or cannot afford or have a potato graphic card)
76561198090843305,Recommended,512900,33776493,Posted: 24 July,all,Nugget King,"This is most enjoyable game I've played so far. I love the creativity the devs put into this game, I have never experienced so much fun in one game! I was entertained for hours unlocking characters and creating total destruction, I couldn't of bought a better game. I would definitely recommend this game to people who are looking for a simulation, destruction and mission related game."
,Recommended,512900,33724707,Posted: 22 July,all,dopeSEC,"With the caveate that there just isn't enough base content to the game at the moment I still highly recommend checking Streets of Rouge out. The variety of characters and situations they can find themselves in on these randomlyesq generated maps, filled with randomly generated ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and traps and killer robots is... well there's a lot to do and a lot to die of in here.As of this writing, there are a few dozen playable characters, most of whom perform similarly at the basics but with enough unique abilities, interaction options and/or handicaps to make unlocking and playing them all worth while.As for the caveat mentioned, the base content (primarily levels/areas, mission variety, item variety) stops fairly abruptly no more than say 30-40 minutes into a run if you're taking your time (~3 main areas so far). Even so, there's more than in here enough to enjoy this for a weekend non-stop, and the replayability is through the roof due to character and trait variety, but early access shows in that regard. What is there is fairly polished and the game feels good and fair to the player across the board.Performance has been fairly good on an AMD FX-8350 @4.4ghz w/GTX1070, except for when playing as a zombie recently, then it slowed to a slideshow once I'd turned the whole floor :)"
,Recommended,512900,33728771,Posted: 22 July,all,Atanique,This is a nice game that can give u alternatives to complete the same level even having only 9 stages the game it's able to make u keep playing several times not getting tired of the history
76561198354343380,Recommended,512900,33697216,Posted: 21 July,all,bkatsy2006,"A very good game, but not enough diversity, make buildings in which zombies are held because it is impossible to make an apocalypse in the factory. I'm waiting for you to add the creation of your character, this is very cool garbage."
76561198067449493,Recommended,512900,33733354,Posted: 22 July,all,glassguy2,"When you create a game where I'm agressively shaking the store page's link at a friend to buy it, I'd say you have a good game on your hands.Now, if that's a bit too cryptic, let me explain.So many genres!As this game demonstrates itself, it is a rogue-lite GTA top-down shooter with cops and robbers themes. Quite a lot, huh? It seems like something along the lines of that many genres would fail, but this one takes it in spades. It's rogue-lite nature makes it easy to pick up and play, and ot feel anarchy as you neutralize and scrutinize. All the mechanics fit in so well that I'm surprised that no other company has tried to pull of a 2D GTA!It never stops!This game has a butt-load of content, unlike Caveblazers. It's evident from the beginning too. There's no knowing what's going to happen with you every run. It has such a non-linear format to where it feels like your free, but you're still confined in a level. Gorgeous design.Strategical Explosion-festWith this game comes a bunch of strategy (which for games like these, I absolutely adore) and everytime your strategy succeeds, boy, do you feel cool! Watch explosions, death, bribes, trades, and hacking go out as planned before your eyes! There's nothing more satisfying then setting up a strategy to delve through a top-security building and it succeeding without any issues. Plus, you can add challenges upon yourself to increase how cool it feels and if you're getting a bit bored of the gameplay. Not that it would get stale in the first place, and if it has, it's after you've sunk in tons and tons of hours.Making a difference.To top the pros off, you're actually helping the developers and their open community. It is very easy to either pick up a game and play with others or go on the discord and talk about the game/report bug reports. There's even a feedback setting in the menu to tell of bugs and etc.Not alive enough.Sometimes, it doesn't feel like the civilization of the game is truly a civilization. Maybe add some more homes and dialogue for people you can't do stuff with, and it'd make the game feel like it was actually inhabited by people and you were running through a melted-down city. Right now it feels like you're rummaging through a series of buildings.Chance of failureAs this being a early-access game, it's possible that the full-game will fail. I don't believe this possibility is going to happen, but there's always that risk with Early Access. Luckily, we have a strong community helping, but you never know. So if you want to play it safe with your 15 dollars (perhaps buy The End Is Nigh and wait a bit for more updates; that's pretty much what I did, minus The End Is Nigh bit.), I'd wait a bit until a really huge update releases or the game releases.Tad confusing UI.Just a minor nit-pick, but the UI can get pretty confusing. You have to hardwire in all of these commands to get what you want, especially with the Steam Controller, and it can get kind of difficult for newer players. Heck, I still don't remember what the instant food item use button was. They're trying to combat this where they can, but maybe an option to turn on button prompts would help too. Sure, it breaks the immersion, but it helps with casual players.In summary, this game is awesome and if you're looking for the most innovative GTA-esque experience, this is where I'd look. I mean, who can't argue with a 2D-GTA?At it's current state, I give it a 9/10. If you get 14.99, I'd buy this game, especially if you have a friend that'll play it with you. And of course they will, cause the co-op's awesome! Did I mention this game has co-op? It's sure to have much more too, so if you want to help grow the community and help the game, I'd buy it now, but if you want to play it safe, I'd wait a bit."
,Recommended,512900,33733839,Posted: 22 July,all,Some Guy,This game gave me Osteoperosis.10/10 would reccomend to a friend
76561198104252358,Recommended,512900,33636034,Posted: 18 July,all,epileptic Piranha,My very own Gorilla thug army. 10/10.
76561198017418708,Recommended,512900,33650845,Posted: 19 July,all,天诛,"I personally don't like rougue likes. However this game is a bit different. Yes you die you loose your progress and have to start all over again. However It's just so much fun to play! Every playthrough is a bit different. You can sneak, bribe, gun your way out of most situations.Game lacks content however. There isn't that many guns, weapons and it does get repetetive. Also the objectives are usually the same neutralize/ press buttons / steal / free prisoner etc. Maps could use some more variety as well.The best part of it : It's bloody fun! Especially with friends. I recommend it."
,Recommended,512900,33680236,Posted: 20 July,all,Br4ndon,"Little content right now, but lots of potential. Frequent updates makes me come back week after week to play what's new"
76561198298946706,Recommended,512900,33680114,Posted: 20 July,all,janockopavol,really fun game.pros-alot of great charactars to choose from.alot of items.alot of charactars have there own special ability.funny as hell!online modeawesome traitscons-nothing!
,Recommended,512900,33685124,Posted: 20 July,all,Gert uit Friesland,"Buy this gameThe developer works hard and he created a really fun gameI am not that into indie rogue like games but once you start on this one it's way too fun to drop.Imagine the binding of isaac but WITH being able to play how you want (hacker, soldier, melee specialist, a damn shopkeeper and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton more)A game with true potential, the game is worth the price 3 times over for the amount of work and quality it gives"
,Recommended,512900,33579103,Posted: 16 July,all,Albuquerque Fistfuck,"I haven't played this game much (yet) but I can honestly say this is one of THE best games I have ever played.This game is a rogue-lite. Each level is randomly generated and consists of buildings ranging from hospitals to drug dens. You complete pre-assigned missions to unlock an elevator to take you to the next level. Missions are usually very simple, such as ""retrieve package"", ""eliminate target"" or ""push buttons"".The freedom you are given to complete these missions is what makes this game so beautiful.Retrieving a package can be done in many different ways. You can run in, guns blazing, killing whomever has the package and claiming it for yourself. That works. You can go in with a pocket full of change and bribe them for it. You could also trade a valuable object for it. Or knock them out and steal it.This game really is a ""play it your way"" game. There's a large variety of different characters to choose from, each with traits to support your playstyle. Want to be a pacifist? Try the Doctor, a character who refuses to use weapons of any kind, but can instantly knock out any enemy from behind. Really like melee weapons? Try the Gorilla, a character who can't use guns or speak English, but their special ability allows them to deal a charged melee attack. Just want to gun people down? Try the Soldier, a character who really doesn't need an explanation.The stuff that happens in this game is hilarious at times. I just completed an objective by attacking my target, then luring them into hitting a police officer so they would beat them to death, so I would still be a pacifist. I just lost a run because a bouncer hit me so hard with a baseball bat that I flew through the wall of someone's house, in which the home owner shot me to death because I damaged their property. What a game.My only complaint are the graphics. The game uses sprite art with no color palette, and the sprites move smoothly without snapping to a grid."
,Recommended,512900,33640394,Posted: 18 July,all,Plaguefox,"This game is a blast with two players, and I imagine it's even more of a blast with four. I had much more fun being the doctor than any of the other classes available."
,Recommended,512900,33639456,Posted: 18 July,all,A Baked Potato,"I never really review things because I'm pretty terrible at it but here goes.This game is dope. End of review. 10/10But for real. I saw it on the Steam store a few times and ignored it for a while, but I'd recently been looking for a semi-fast paced sandbox rogue-lite because I really enjoyed the concept, but hadn't found what I was looking for. Bought it for half price during Steam Summer Sale, and I honestly would have bought it for double had I known what it was.Even in the Alpha, there is a ton of freedom in the way you can go about things. It isn't the most amount of content you'll ever see, but the combinations of items, class abilities and such make for great replay value. And with more stuff on the way, things are only getting better.The game's sense of humor is very charming and self-aware, from dialogue to item descriptions and the soundtrack is just as charming, both fitting with the indie retro theme.It's also got co-op multiplayer, although I'd use the term cooperative loosely. More cooptional. Which is hilarious most of the time and I love it.Can't wait for the full release but until then, totally get this game early access. It really is awesome and the dev totally deserves the support."
76561198306397661,Recommended,512900,33677710,Posted: 20 July,all,Cydron,Very addictive game
,Recommended,512900,33867542,Posted: 28 July,all,Shy Knight of the Shovel,This game is funny
,Recommended,512900,33935425,Posted: 31 July,all,ceovortex,Very good game. Get it lol
76561198110715235,Recommended,512900,33938833,Posted: 31 July,all,boobasawk,Ive had this game almost since it came out on steam and it is amazing. I love how every thing was done and the humor. The charecters are awesome and i love how you can destroy everything! Its worth every penny!
,Recommended,512900,33840553,Posted: 27 July,all,Hello BEAR,"A surprisingly seamless combination of roguelike elements with sandbox strategy, Streets of Rogue is one of the best game purchases I've made in a long time. Streets of Rogue has unbelievably dynamic, variable gameplay, allowing you to choose a wide variety of paths to complete your objectives. The classes differ wildly in what sorts of strategies that emphasize/enable. You can trick people, stealth your way through levels, hack computers, blow things up, knock down walls, or any combination of the above.I can be real iffy about early access games, but Streets of Rogue has more content in it now in its current state than a lot of ""complete"" games I own. The fact that it's being actively developed just means the game gets even better over time. Because it is early access it can be buggy, but I honestly don't run into bugs often except right after a new update.Honestly this game is fantastic entertainment and you should just buy it."
,Recommended,512900,33839883,Posted: 27 July,all,Dairnon,"For an early alpha game only in version .29. This is a incredibly fun game. Lots of content, fun humor, and interesting gameplay.Hopefully before release the game adds more objectives, floors, and many more items.As it is tho, its a really awesome game."
,Recommended,512900,33847337,Posted: 27 July,all,Sime Bamidele,"This game is great, enough said"
76561198273161393,Recommended,512900,33845557,Posted: 27 July,all,Glugenash,"To say this game is good would be like saying the ocean is wet. It has an almost infinite amount of gameplay, has a dedicated developer who listens and responds to the community. It is updated once a fortnight, or more. It has many, varied characters and playstyles. There is a pacifist doctor, a bloodthirsty werewolf, a cop, and many more. It has mutators to change up the pace, and finally, it is a nice little ""dungeon crawler"" with varied enviroments."
76561198013993345,Recommended,512900,33872785,Posted: 28 July,all,MarbleToad,Frickin Fun!  Local Co-Op FTW
,Recommended,512900,33891777,Posted: 29 July,all,Shaddox,"I bought this after the first free weekend. It's definitely a game with a few interesting ideas and fans of roguelite games will definitely get some enjoyment out of it. What is in it is well tested, well polished and with only minor bugs (if any).I have a few problems with the game though :The replayability factor slowly fades away. There's simply very little character development. There are a lot of options but no growth, other than the levels and the perks. Some class exclusive perks would definitely help in this department. Maybe some talents. Hell, something to make each playtrough feel unique.The multiplayer worked well enough for me at the start but nowadays I can connect to someone once in a blue moon. I guess it's down to luck.I'm sure the game will get better with time but I'm kind of burned out of it due to multiplayer frustrations and very little playtrough varation. $15 for 24 hours of enjoyment is a fair trade, so here's my recommendation.=====================================Later edit : I tried the newest update and zombies are a step in the right direction!"
76561198157539567,Recommended,512900,33904026,Posted: 30 July,all,Plasma Hund,"Streets of Rogue is a great stealth/RPG game that is still in heavy development but has a lot of potential, other than that it is a very fun game to play because of it's rpg elements, stealth, combat and mechanics. It can even run on a potato pc, which I found great as I don't have much power in terms of specs."
,Recommended,512900,33864990,Posted: 28 July,all,FIREMAGEPENGUIN!,"Amazing game! Not really good at reviews so I'll keep it simple.The game has:-Fun rogue-like gameplay-Randomly generated areas-Xp and leveling system for your character in a run-Kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack (worth buying)-Loads of unlockable traits, items, and characters-Constant biweekly updates from the devs which typically includes a new character or new feature-Variety of missions that can be tackled in many different ways-Play the game to your playstyle i.e. stealth, chaos,-Local and online multiplayer-Loads of modifier challenges to spice up the game-Sandbox mode-Endless mode-Custom character creator-3 areas with 3 stages each (2 more areas comming soon).-Events during the 3rd stage of each area which cause chaos such as ""Bombs are dropping from the sky""There's probably more features I forgot to mention. This game has been a blast for me and my friends. If you like rogue-likes and indie games this is definetly for you!"
,Recommended,512900,33956637,Posted: 1 August,all,Daftmouse,Friend and I decided to play as members of opposite gangs. We summoned our gangs to see what would happen. The 4 followers of mine started attacking his 4 followers. We sat down boomboxes trying to stop the fighting. 4 security guards from the nearby building came out to see what the commotion was. My friend and I joined the security guards in watching the gang warfare that was occuring despite the sweet tunes from coming from our boomboxes. No one from either side lived. Security guards got bored and went back insisde while my friend and I were left to look at the bloodly meat of our fallen comrades.10/10
76561198288996034,Recommended,512900,34049683,Posted: 5 August,all,AFatalRedemption,"Love the game, Friendly and responsive creator, soooo much fun, highly recommended to people like me who like free roam, pixel art games, 10/10 buy it its great."
,Recommended,512900,34023773,Posted: 4 August,all,<Salt>Greenshirt5000,I love it when they added that you can make custom characters and I love the game though
,Recommended,512900,34020014,Posted: 4 August,all,Zyfrus,Good Game. Would Buy.
76561198045496993,Recommended,512900,34007183,Posted: 3 August,all,Darrek,"Quite a fun little game. Lots of characters, mechanics, and mayhem. Doesn't take too long to unlock all the characters, but now with character creation it's beneficial to have all traits and items unlocked, which will take you a while.The gameplay itself is very fun. You can either go around killing everyone and destroying everything, play stealthy and sneak by the enemies and cameras, or hide away and hack a building's security system to unleash chaos.There are a number of unique interactions between characters (players and npcs) such as scientist caging and studying gorillas and two rival gangs attacking on-sight. (all playable characters have npc counterparts you will encounter)At the time of this writing, the game is in active development, and the update pace is impressive for a single-dev game. New characters, traits, items, and features are being added regularly.It's a great indie game and I recommend it."
76561198206247696,Recommended,512900,34006463,Posted: 3 August,all,Pickle Rick,This game is SO fun
76561198099092375,Recommended,512900,34073143,Posted: 6 August,all,SpookyShibe,"dis gam gud. It's a pretty fun and well made rogue-like game with a lot in it. There are a ton of weapons, characters, and levels available to you. However, I only really recommend this game if you have friends to play it with. It's a very interesting breed of game comparable to Nuclear Throne. Like Nuclear Throne, it is a top down game in where after completing a certain objective you progress to the next level. Though I guess that describes any game. It just feels very similar to Nuclear Throne, in a good way. But this game uses a quest system instead of killing everything in order to progress. These quests can be very difficult especially depending on the character you choose. So basically if you choose the gorilla, you will be unable to complete certain quests until you get a translator. Because of this, and the base difficulty of the game, it's a game best played with friends. But still, dis gam gud."
,Recommended,512900,34094011,Posted: 7 August,all,ElliotB,I watched a gorilla drag people around.Now I can be a gorilla and drag people around!
,Recommended,512900,34118578,Posted: 8 August,all,SkullZMinus,"When this first came out on Gamejolt, I sunk a lot of time running around doing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and was happy with even that demo it had. With the content added in the steam version, I was able to sink even more time into running around doing absolutely nothing productive, and I enjoyed every minute of it. For the most part.Yeah, sometimes it feels a bit clunky, or you'd prefer the AI acts slightly differently, but out of the many runs I've had, very few of them were ruined by any sort of problem with the game itself. I'd recommend picking this up in early access if you're alright with some repetition between games."
,Recommended,512900,33985437,Posted: 2 August,all,Conduit,Loads of potential with a bumpin soundtrack. Excited to see where this game goes :)
,Recommended,512900,34119388,Posted: 9 August,all,PurpleXVI,"It's a fun game that just gets more fun with each content patch.It's not ridiculously complex at any level by design, but it has enough small mechanics that come together to generally give you a broad selection of options, and enough complications that most missions can't just be charged straight into. The addition of mutators also help give the game pretty decent longevity.It also hits a nice spot between ""casual"" and ""serious"" gaming, where you can do a run in a relatively short span of time, but while you're doing the run, it still demands your attention for the duration.Obviously, it has some things that could use polishing, the melee combat, for instance, could use a bit of rethinking or reworking, but it's still a game I have fun with(as if the playtime wasn't any indication).Be prepared for some serious chaos in co-op, though. Utter and complete goofiness."
,Recommended,512900,34136836,Posted: 9 August,all,DIKKASMASHA,"Most amazing game ever, offers a truely wide variety of play styles and the ability to create your own character leaves the door open for never ending fun. Easily worth the price right now and has an amazing potential!"
76561198078962801,Recommended,512900,34284779,Posted: 16 August,all,[BCG] Devilishbro420,A super fun game great for playing with friends online or on the same screen cuz it has local coop up to 4. Also a great cast of characters to choose from.
,Recommended,512900,34330878,Posted: 18 August,all,TheSlamJam,"Great game, worth like twice the price."
76561198097515508,Recommended,512900,34386679,Posted: 20 August,all,Where the Green Guy At,Play game for plot
76561198241162398,Recommended,512900,34386535,Posted: 20 August,all,Junidi,"This game is freaking awesome, and there is only more and more content coming. The description simply tells you what you get and doesn't give false promise.Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,512900,34366277,Posted: 19 August,all,§ Lord Raging §tiffy §,this game helps relive tragitys rip harambe again x20 forever in my monkey gang
76561198095847585,Recommended,512900,34366608,Posted: 19 August,all,DDG m00se Man,"great game, love the spect of the game a city full of people hungry for money and a corrupt mayor. i love the amount of  charachters and hope for more but the game is a little to expensive for the amount of gameplay,even if it is a early acces game i still think it should have a sale or lower the price because everyone i know wont get this game because they all think its to expensive for its look, but hey dont judge a book by its cover. anyway i give it a 8/10 (ps probably should add workshop downloads for peoples stuff idk if there is one but idk where it is)gg"
76561198038116048,Recommended,512900,34346316,Posted: 19 August,all,Ratzal,I just can't stop playing...and HOLY SHEEP this OST...
,Recommended,512900,34308759,Posted: 17 August,all,co,"Has a very Deus-Exy feeling to it (as in having multiple ways to solve the missions), pretty neat-looking graphics, cheesy jokes and a catchy soundtrack. The developer is VERY active. Buy it."
,Recommended,512900,34401844,Posted: 21 August,all,Andre_Marcon,"Lots of character classes, lots of fun.Being a slave is not ideal."
,Recommended,512900,34425004,Posted: 22 August,all,Sebastian,"It's amazing, you should be angry you haven't already bought this game."
,Recommended,512900,33971396,Posted: 2 August,all,Lilcoat,10/10
,Recommended,512900,34179538,Posted: 11 August,all,jakelad,"Great game, like the fact it's not very structured on what to do!"
76561198111138354,Recommended,512900,34440744,Posted: 23 August,all,Azkarna,"(Review made on August 8th, 2017)(Small revision made about a minute later, whoops)God- Where do I even start?The game itself is MASSIVELY REPLAYABLE, no two runs feel quite the exact same (even if you're traversing the same area, there's a bunch of randomly generated missions and structures to keep you entertained)I frequently run through every nook and cranny of a level, causing as much chaos as possible, or gathering supplies through more subtle means. (By 'subtle,' I obviously mean electrocuting someone then snapping an explosive slave collar to their neck)Let me just take a moment to describe SOME of the things you can do in this game.You can hack most electronics, and make them do damn near whatever you please, including making fridges run!You can cause a zombie apocalypse and feed on the flesh of your enemies to heal your wounds.You can drug people with practically every status ailment in multiple ways (such as mixing it into a drink) and even chloroform them!You could also play as a shapeshifter capable of possessing someone, shooting their friend, then running away as a firefight breaks out.(Not to mention being able to create living suicide bombs forced to do your bidding)EVERY class is viable in this game, as each one holds at least one unique trait that completely changes their playing style.Oh, and by the way? All of the NPCs have their own unique behaviors that follow the logic of their classes (albeit with about a third of the health they normally do, in order to keep you from being overpowered by just one of them) so it's all fair grounds for fights! (Other things, too, but I'd rather not spoil everything for you)Not only all of this, but the developer regularly responds to forums posts and tries to stay in touch with the game's community as much as possible, how awesome is that!?Honestly? Comparing this game to other Early Access titles, I give it a 9/10, the huge updates are pretty much bi-weekly, and you get a bunch of bugfixes in-between. The only thing that prevents me from giving this a higher rating is the lack of a complete main mode (You can only access 3 areas at the moment) but even then, the dev is currently working on designing a new floor.I cannot wait to see what this game is like in the future, and heavily recommend you give it a try."
,Recommended,512900,34489851,Posted: 25 August,all,Cheeseweasel,"I suspect this game may well become the next 'big thing' once it is given a little more time and publicity. Although it is still in development, the overall quality and stability are extremely high, and if anything, the sheer number of things to try out is almost too daunting for new players. There is none of the infamous ""is that it?"" feeling with which most players of early access games will be familiar. The gameplay feels fresh and innovative, giving characters full freedom of movement, and the online play is flawless. I am very impressed with Streets of Rogue so far, and I am excited to see how its development will progress from now to its official release."
,Recommended,512900,34465511,Posted: 24 August,all,669_PVEL,"It's a solid game, it doesn't do anything terribly well, but everything put together + pretty constant updates creates a game that's good to come back to."
,Recommended,512900,34469781,Posted: 24 August,all,DoctorStupid,Good Game.
,Recommended,512900,34634646,Posted: 31 August,all,Herbalist,gud
,Recommended,512900,34752219,Posted: 5 September,all,Grixon,Extremely fun and chaotic! Difficult to master at first but once you get a couple hours in youll be clearing floor after floor. Several classes to unlock ( and many slots for future characters ) each one with a completely new playstyle adding endless replay value. Great game for single players and co-op. I cant think of a bad thing to say about this one and eagerly await more content.
,Recommended,512900,34764326,Posted: 5 September,all,트와이스,this game is insanely good lots of mechanics and potential i really like wat they did with interactables sometimes there r bugs like missions not completing or certain ppl not dropping items that u might need to finish but im sure that will be fixed before the actual release definitely pick this up while u can!
,Recommended,512900,34766434,Posted: 5 September,all,Cheerilee,this gane is super fun i love fact break everything :)and rampage round in game :)
,Recommended,512900,34749557,Posted: 4 September,all,Pac Zombie,"Very fun to play with friends! Works great because there's no strict rules, allowing everyone to try out something fun and see how it goes. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,512900,34773010,Posted: 6 September,all,SamuraiSTALIN,"A weird, yet somehow working combination of Deus Ex, C-Dogs, and Saints Row.  Open world, randomly generated levels, and alot of silliness and wanton chaos. Definitely one to play if you like rogue-lites, top-down games, or just want something crazy. Defintely reminds me of weird old freeware games from back in the day like Meteor and Survival Crisis Z."
76561198107629897,Recommended,512900,34661079,Posted: 1 September,all,DivineDanglerRhombus,So many great little thingd add up to make this a great game. I'm constantly surprised at the level of detail and thought put into this game. Add online and offline coop and you have yourself a fantastic game. BUY IT.
,Recommended,512900,34650057,Posted: 31 August,all,Masterniles,"Played this when it first popped up on itch.io, enjoyed it then,  enjoy it now. It has a very active dev, which is always a plus. If you ask about something or report a bug, you'll very likely see it fixed quickly. It can feel like the game slows down after a while of playing, but I'd recommend at least watching some gameplay reviews or trying the version up on Itch to see if it's your kind of game."
76561198145488705,Recommended,512900,34721434,Posted: 3 September,all,Veeyu,"Lots of un-tapped potential. Can't wait for updates and longing for better late game content. Still lots to do but kinda stale at the core. Fun in a comedic way, I reccomend it."
,Recommended,512900,34683768,Posted: 2 September,all,Beef Kaker,"Incredible game. Lots of classes that make a HUGE difference to playstyle, great responsive developers.. I absolutely cannot fault this."
,Recommended,512900,33459771,Posted: 11 July,all,Slamfire,A hilarious roguelite with a lot of potential. So far updates have been regular and content added very good. I recommend playing with the low health modifier.
,Recommended,512900,34365369,Posted: 19 August,all,Zonebit,"This is one of the most Rogue Like, Rogue Likes ive played in my Rogue Like life"
76561198295246849,Recommended,512900,34738184,Posted: 4 September,all,cwaselenko,"Extremely addicting and fun, i recommend anyone to get it. It's a very smooth running game and has easy multiplayer. Great game, and only to get better as more content is released."
,Recommended,512900,34805014,Posted: 7 September,all,Spoofsoo,up thumbs
,Recommended,512900,34852598,Posted: 9 September,all,SkineeBenis,Buy this game. Do it. It is worth it.
,Recommended,512900,34853867,Posted: 9 September,all,Chris,Awesome rogue like. Better than BoI imo.
76561198209275476,Recommended,512900,34829837,Posted: 8 September,all,¿dlǝɥ,"Played the demo on itch.io for 50 hours before I realized I should buy it. 10/10, this game is great.NEW: You can make custom charecters now! I made Robocop and arrested everyone. 11/10"
,Recommended,512900,34867075,Posted: 10 September,all,Shinde,"This is probably one of the most enjoyable rogue games I've ever played! I love the vast variety of characters and abilities, as well as customization abilities and the overall silliness of the features (Chicken Nugget currency, anyone?)! The music is super-catchy, and the graphics are a nice throwback to the 16-bit era days. There's a lot to be loved about the simplicity of that.I'm looking forward to what future updates have in store for Streets of Rogue-- keep it up, devs! You've got a great thing going so far, and you have my appreciation and thanks for continuing to make the game even better as you go."
76561197965950415,Recommended,512900,34681611,Posted: 2 September,all,Fixit,"Starts off promising but the music gets annoying quite quickly. The additions being added are quite small. I have recommended it because it is nice for a short while as a time waster, but do not expect deep gameplay."
76561197981530944,Recommended,512900,34958560,Posted: 14 September,all,Crusader,"Very fun and though it's still Early Access, it has plenty of content to keep you busy for a while. The developer is enthusiastic about the game and has reliably stuck to a set update schedule, pushing updates twice a month with good notes about the changes made and hopes/plans for the next update."
76561198068601277,Recommended,512900,35098723,Posted: 20 September,all,TingTing,"This game is greatit's a refreshing game for the rouge-lite/rouge-like genreif you are all about gameplay dencity then this game is for youthe AI is very well looked aftercombat is fun and alot of weapon and item choicesprice is a bit high in my opinion, if it was $15 or less it would be the perfect buythe pixel art style is alot beter in game, runs smothlyand the comedy is great aswelfind some friends that enjoy a chalenge and link themi would rate this game 8/10what i didn't like:price is a bit high, needs more building types and AI character typesmore playable character hair, eyes, clothes and feet options would be good(add vanity items) more prizes for getting further so theres a sence of progresion as nuggets that only buy more gameplay options is not very great, its good just not a good feeling buying things you can allready get and you cant show off to your friends.all and all great game, thanks devs <3"
76561198193833659,Recommended,512900,35118389,Posted: 21 September,all,Scoobow,"The difficulty, game mechanics, and random generation create a unique experience that can be really fun with friends. Same-screen co-op is a definite plus."
,Recommended,512900,35128196,Posted: 22 September,all,falo,"When I first played this I thought it was a great pick up and play game.  I could use it to waste a few minutes here and there, then put down.  A Spelunky, or a FTL equivalent for my Library.  How wrong I was.  Once you start to realise the ways in which the NPCs can be manipulated for your own ends it becomes a whole new game of sneakiness and duplicity.  Absolutely love it."
,Recommended,512900,35140654,Posted: 22 September,all,Jerkamie,"Outstanding dev with a heart of gold, do not fear this early access game."
,Recommended,512900,35031302,Posted: 17 September,all,αraziel,"I've spent 40+ hours in this game so far and it's not even friggen' done.And what's seriously special about it is that almost _every single second_ is entertaining as all hell. I might have played games that I enjoy as much, or more, if you consider the whole experience. Story arcs and ""stuff"". However for minute-to-minute entertainment this is the best game ever made. I'm not even kidding.The ability to have this much fun concentrated in such a short time is essential for me. You know exactly what I'm talking about if you have kids and obligations. Games like this, Tower of Guns or Desktop Dungeon are godsends.If the dev had, at this point, called it done and never touched it again I'd still recommend buying it. Even though I'd of course be disappointed.Just buy it!"
,Recommended,512900,34991394,Posted: 16 September,all,dogu ﻐ,"Fun rogue-lite game where you progress through different levels and complete randomized objectives, which can be approached however you like and often have a fair amount of different solutions. Characters can be unlocked by meeting certain criteria and doing specific things while playing, and each character offers a very different play style from the next. This game is a lot of fun in coop, and the dev seems pretty on the ball."
76561198264095709,Recommended,512900,33319001,Posted: 6 July,all,Trashman,Very fun game that doesn't take itself seriously. Multiple ways to take on an objective with one character alone. The multitude of characters to choose from bring the amount of ways even higher and allow for varied gameplay with amazing replayability in a game thats being constantly and consistently updated. The perfect fall back game when you get bored and can't decide what to play or what to buy to play.All this game is missing is some solid mod support.
76561198315120351,Recommended,512900,35067406,Posted: 19 September,all,Draco mouth boy,"I have created a pickpocket troll with tranq gun and cannot be detected in lazers or cameras, 2 Million out of ten, would f*ck yeah again. P.S i would f*cking love it if you can make a ghost that can choose when he is known, possess and get ghost hunted by new npcs that are keen enough to sense your presence, but if you were just another class the ghost hunting npcs are easily killed, or make the ability for a ghost to go completely invisible and can scare the sh*t out of the house/shop owners, like if you can literally move stuff whilst invis and if that would make the chance of the NPC scared to the point he runs. P.P.S love the hilarious drugs, needs more varieties of em + coke needs strength to go with that speed."
,Recommended,512900,35144361,Posted: 22 September,all,skatche,"This is the most roguelike of all the modern roguelikes I've played, for one simple reason: complexity. Items, abilities and characters interact in a tremendous variety of plausible ways, while character classes lend themselves to radically different play styles. It really is a battle of wits, and much more cerebral than it looked in the trailers: for any given character class you'll find some missions straightforward, while others require you to improvise with whatever tools you have on hand. Highly, highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,512900,35215576,Posted: 25 September,all,ItsCanada,dank game
76561198328430776,Recommended,512900,35211152,Posted: 25 September,all,brendaniskapp,"Amazing game, really fun and great support from the dev, easily worth the money."
76561198371862308,Recommended,512900,35268151,Posted: 28 September,all,"Lord daddy, yes yours","This game combines a wacky and very fun environment with amazing content and an awesome, up-to-date developer who truly loves his games!"
,Recommended,512900,35308682,Posted: 29 September,all,Holy Howler,THIS GAME IS ONE OF MY FAVORITES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =D
76561198042119433,Recommended,512900,30459060,Posted: 11 March,all,Gator13 (nosound),"An instant addition to my favorites list, and it is getting better with time.  Early Access.  Buy it and help support an awesome game.  I can't wait for create-a-character.Update 7/27/2017The devs added character creation!Update 8/10/2017Improved character creation and added 100 new sound effects, amongst other things.  The developers are doing a great job.Update 9/21/2017more optimization!  game runs extremely smooth now.  it didn't need to Opt imo.  but evidence of it shows the devs are serious about this game.BUY THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,512900,33663424,Posted: 19 July,all,Edward,"A very good game, and I CANNOT wait for more! :) Good work Matt!"
,Recommended,512900,35483014,Posted: 4 October,all,jtredenick,Amazing game for split screen or online :) cant wait for full release!!
,Recommended,512900,35480352,Posted: 4 October,all,Bagelodan,"This is such a great game. It has super fun gameplay and a lot of replay value. Even though this game is early access right I definitly belive that this game is going somewhere in the right direction. With the constant updates from the dev the game is steadly improving from great to more great.10/10 GOTY, Emmy winner, New York Times best seller, Nobel Peace Prize Recipent."
,Recommended,512900,35354376,Posted: 30 September,all,breeki,Excellent game. High returns and tons of depth for early access. Inspired to see indie efforts like this pushing design tenets usually reserved for AAA titles into such a precise package.
