user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,513480,29646988,Posted: 2 February,all,Mad Dog Torx,"Geo is a fun collection game,  where you have to gradually unlock improvements. It has an attractive pixel art style and upbeat background music. I've been impressed with the breadth of content and unlocks that it offers. I certainly recommend the game to people who like this type of game, but if you're looking for action, look elsewhere. i will definitely be playing more :)"
76561198078498143,Recommended,513480,29633994,Posted: 1 February,all,Wyvern-of-the-Rising-Sun,"Windybeard, Windybeard ....hmmmm ah yes! The Developer of the cool SWEEZY GUNNER. I remember.SWEEZY GUNNER was a cool Retro Shooter with many nice features and a special Graphic Style, a little bit like a comic.Normally i do not buy Games blind, but the First Game from Windybeard gave me a good feeling so i bought it today and installed it. Starting the Game it was like coming home to SWEEZY GUNNER, because it has the same graphic Style and if i`m not wrong has Characters from Sweezy Gunner. The shopowner in the game, can it be?Anyway. The music sounds also similar and so i began to play. A little Robot was trying to tell me the facts and how to play and i was into action. Well, that is no shooter like SWEEZY GUNNER, that is ... something else.How can i describe it, hmmm. In this Game you are the owner of a Space Mining Corporation. At the start you have nothing, absolutly nothing and it is your target to get everything, absolutly everything.Okay, nothing is wrong, you have drills. This drills are your key to Fame and Glory and of course to Money. oh yes you alsohave building where you can build special rooms into it, where you can hire peolple who raise the abilitys of your drill. All right. So i went to a star sector and clicked on an asteroid and the Graphics changed to a playfield. You are controlling a Drill, that looks a little bit like Dr. Snuggles Machine or the Drill from Jules Verne that moved to the Center of the Earth. Was it Jules Verne? Don`t remember, was an old movie. The playfield is full of squares and your Job is to move the Drill to the ground, deeper and deeper. Thats sounds easy of course, but isn`t.Your drill has a lifebar that continuesly goes down. How fast depends on the obstacles that you have to master. The squares are different. Some go down fast, some go down slowly. But there are also many usefull sqares like treasure chests or Liferefueller and many more. One Kind of squares also bombs a big hole into the playfield, what very usefull is to get faster to the core. Later there will be monsters that will disturb you and when they hit you, your lifebar goes down faster, and here comes the bad news, your drill has no weapon systems. You have to avoid them but thats not easy, but possible. Also, the deeper you go, the more you are confronted with the inner core of the planet. Ice Planets get colder and colder and that effects your Drillhull. So, move fast and have an eye on the kind of squares and avoid hard ones.If your Lifebar reaches zero your drill explode and you get points and gold for your going. You have infinity Drills, so don`t worry. Try again. The Goal is to reach the Core in each asteroid, planet and more to get special points that helps you raising your Mining Corporation. With the Gold you can buy usefull things and the more you upgrade your Drill the easier are you Mining Visits.This game has tons of content. There is much to explore, much to find, much to upgrade, much to achieve. Like SWEEZY GUNNER there is really much to do and it is fun to explore the Star Systems and drilling on the Planets and Asteroids.It is fun to explore secrets and upgrading your Homebase.After starting the game i played 5 Hours in a row. I forgot the time.This game is an interesting mix of Action, puzzling, economy and achieving.This game is worth its price, if you have the chance give this game a try.Thank you for reading and enjoy. :)"
,Recommended,513480,29631661,Posted: 1 February,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"For those of you unfamiliar withWindybeard, I'd highly recommend you check out their other game -Sweezy Gunner- just a fantastic (very indie) twin-stick bullet hell MetroidVania game. Even full price is rediculously cheap for the amount of fun you will get.---Geois a fantastic addition to the clicker-game genre that definitely brings much more 'gameplay' and and complexity.Very addicting.Essentially, you are running a mining company.All you need is the mouse. You can upgrade almost everything, as is expected of any good clicker game. You will hire crew, build rooms to your base, shop for parts, and lots more.Honestly, I getSteamWorld Digvibes, and I don't know why.It has a similiar 'look', but is definately deeper in complexity and, quite frankly, more fun. I think you would probably get a lot more quality hours out of this, too.Pros:+Really fun and incredibly addicting clicker-game with much less focus on the 'idle' part+Lots of complexity and upgrades; this will have you coming back+Easy to use interface - I figured everything out in about an hourCons:-I wish you could just hold click and the miner would follow it automatically; it took me a while to figure out I just need to click on the blocks-Similiarly, it won't register a new 'click' until it has fulfilled the old 'click' which can feel clunky-Time between loading levels is a tad long-No Steam Cloud which this type of grind-fest definitely needs; I don't want to run two seperate files-Could use controller support - but seeing asSweezynever got any, I am not holding my breath-At the end of the day, it has all the grindiness of a clicker gameReally fun and really addicting new title.Worth full price."
76561198041967347,Recommended,513480,29731511,Posted: 5 February,all,Ai,"Ah Geo, the game where you drill for loot and glory!If you are the kind of player that hunt for achivements and/or 100% completion, this is a good game to do it on.If you are the kind that hate collecting things to progress, avord at all cost since it's the whole point of the game.In this game you collect loot, reserch, explore and expand your base to have a more powerfull drill, so you can loot more and more, untill you become the best mining station in the galaxy.Your drill will break after a while, depending on how strong the block you mine is, so upgrading it to progress further is the key.You aslo got to worry about the pressure and element resistances, depending on the location you drill.Aslo, you will get attacked by...things. Some of them are extremely hard to deal with, since you have no means of attack.They are aslo several powerups to help you while digging, form explosives to buffs to more extreme ones in form of giants coins that have powerfull buffs.Pros :Very stable, should have no problem with crashes and FPS drop.Good variety of locations to explore.Quite alot to do to 100% the game, will keep you buzy for a couple of weeks.Good music variety. (24 tracks)Cons :ALOT of clicking required. (You can now click-hold to move, so you don't need to click has much anymore.)Some enemies are too agressive and too hard to outrun. (That green blob boncing around in the worst. At less your hitbox is tiny)Finding a specific block/item can be a pain in the late game.While not the best game ever, it is interesting eneuf to be worth a try.Completing everything the game has to offer should take about 50-55 hours. (More if RNG hates you)That's about it."
,Recommended,513480,29819464,Posted: 10 February,all,Slaaght,"Boulder Dash for 2017!! Very nice fun semi-casual indie game. Has that ""just one more go"" appeal.Each ""game"" = an attempt at drilling to the core of a comet / moon / planet can take anything from 2 seconds (curse you, ""Dune Sanworm""!) to maybe 5 minutes, so you can dip in for a short session unlike lots of modern games.Very, very easy to get into and play, with enough depth (no pun intended) to keep you hooked.Appeals to me as a loot grabbing and item collecting fan. Dev is very responsive on the forums and friendly. Well worth my tenner. Support your local indie dev!"
76561197993059826,Recommended,513480,31272139,Posted: 21 April,all,replica18,"Geo is a game about drilling out moons and planets, collecting things and expanding your crew and base to allow you to drill even more objects. It's a simple idea, but is well executed and utterly compulsive.The art is hand-drawn, attractive and fun, and the music is great.This is the kind of game that is easy to pick up, but hard to put down. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,513480,29673346,Posted: 3 February,all,Dooms,"Fun little strategic space mining game! It reminds me of other tile-based quick strategy games, Oasis by Mind Control Software comes to mind specifically though this game is far better. If you enjoy collection games with a ""just one more round"" feel then there's a lot to love here. There are a lot of RPG systems in play to motivate progress. They did a great job with the soundtrack as well! My random purchases on Steam don't often work out well but this game is a gem at a reasonable price."
,Recommended,513480,29705927,Posted: 4 February,all,DarkSaber2k,"This game has swallowed my life!Really enjoyable and crazy-addictive. Simple gameplay that hooks you and keeps you playing for ""just one more run"" until it's 3am! Really nice chilled out experience with a great soundtrack, nice art (as well as some nice references to other things) and interesting mechanics with gravity having an effect on drill efficiency and elemental damage."
,Recommended,513480,29657757,Posted: 2 February,all,LazärheaD,"I'm just getting to write a review in the shortest amount of time away from playing this game. It's really addictive. And yes, it's yet another better than No Man's Sky game. So much content, interesting characters that help you progress, weird planets with dangerous wildlife, chill soundtrack, you have to get this!"
,Recommended,513480,29668775,Posted: 3 February,all,Jeff Sproul,"This is truly a hidden gem.Initially, the $10.99 ($9.89 on sale) price tag seemed a bit steep for what the screenshots and description showed.But I gave it a chance, and I'm glad I did.If you're familiar with any sort of 'digging' game, where you start at the top and dig your way to the bottom, this will feel familiar. There's lots of features that you can unlock, in order to directly boost your drill.Initially, the game seemed pretty simple and straightforward (for the first area.) But once you unlock more comets/planets/etc, you'll find that each of them is a bit different. They can have monsters, or other factors that make that planet harder to drill on. (The first planet doesn't give you any sort of time constraints, but once you progress to others, time becomes a factor, so you have to make quick decisions to min-max your drill run.)There's a lot of repetition, but only in the sense of ""you're bettering yourself with each attempt."" There's always something to unlock and strive for. (That actually feels worth getting!)I hit the 110 minute mark, and didn't think twice about continuing past 2 hours. It's a lot of fun, and you'll definitely get plenty of value for it."
76561198068849291,Recommended,513480,29925147,Posted: 14 February,all,DeathClaw,"Geo is a good 2d side scoller, but it could have been better. You own a space Geo company. Hire people, manage them and explore. Decent enough, but you are on a timer which I hate in games. It takes forever to level up your workers and while it is a fun, it gets boring after a while. You can only drill one area at a time. So you not really exploring that much just drilling. The graphics are great, soundtrack is decent.  I wouldn't pay full price, but wait for a sale. 7/10."
,Recommended,513480,29638283,Posted: 1 February,all,Tabriel,"Full Disclosure:I found out about GEO from a Friend(who's friends with the Developer; Windybeard), I however did not receive my copy free, I paid for it like a functioning member of space-society! :)Ok, so now that's out of the way, I've played roughly 10 hours of the game and I think that's enough to leave a decent""Early Review""of the game. So here it is -it's pretty darn good. More? Ok fine... Really? Ok, Ok...I'll divide it into Pros, Cons, and Final Thoughts. This will probably also include a few tips for the new players.___Pros:+ Classic Art Style.(Not the largest of Pros, but the aesthetic works wonders - it's clean, fluid, suited to a game like this where you don't need an overly complex style that could cause frame drops, fps issues, etc. And the mouse cursor reminds me of the Drill key from Gurren Lagann!)+ One More Drill!(I've lost count of the amount of times the thought""If I just get one more Resistance Crate, I'd have that Core...""or""Man, if only that smug spikey alien wasn't eating my face...""and gone back for, as I said,""One More Drill!"". Roguelike so infinite chances!)+ Balls-Out Humor.(Theres some funny stuff in there; references to other sci-fi, and also other made up stuff that's a little on the less than family-friendly side, but if people can't take that... what year is this? Oh right, it's 2017 on the internet; I'm sure someone'll complain about something. But just wait until you meetPeeping Marv. It's nothing over the top overall, but just be aware not everything is small-kid friendly toned.)+ Dig Dug, in Spaaaaace!(Alright, alright, it's not really Dig Dug, it's far much more than that... but I thought it reminded me of something from my wee-days!)___Cons(Which I'll be honest, is more a""Game is Hard, not really Cons""section):- Not for the easily disuaded when the going gets rough.(It's not easy, and this is coming from someone who claims to be vaguelly competent at games. It took me about twice as long as it should to complete the tutorial as wrapping my head around the way the game worked, and how I""thought it should work""were two different things. Read the tutorials. Read the discussions. Watch the Developer Video. Prepare yourself. You'll thank me later.)- Monster Aggro is Real.(The monsters in the game are painfully aware of where you are while you're on screen, even if they can't see you... so watch for their patterns, how they move, and learn to outmanouver them or avoid them completely.)- Outwardly Complex.(Kind of related to my first Con on the list, as there's a lot of stuff you have to learn to""git gud""at the game. But don't stress about it. You can start with a basic understanding from the tutorials, and then build up your knowledge as you Core your first few drill sites. It's a very steep learning process on the power of your drill, hardness of the specifc blocks, Elemental Resistances, and all the other game systems such as Research and Fusing Blocks. So""Outwardly Complex, but Inwardly Rewarding"".)- Balls-Out Humor.(See Pros. May not be suitable for a younger audience, unless they're too young to understand some references.)I'll be honest, it's been hard thinking of""actual""Pros and Cons rather than just think of them all as tips and advice for those just starting. So I think I'll leave that there and go on to the final thoughts section.___Final Thoughts:Ok so if you stuck around to read that, thanks and congratulations! I hope you know if you want to buy the game now as I'm sure you'll have read what I advised above, watched the videos, etc? Right? Yes? No!? Well go do it if you haven't. I'll wait.You done? Great! Overall I believe GEO has a chance at becoming a favorite among the thinking-gamer who likes a challenge and a bit of a chuckle along the way, complete with the occasional frustration when you get stuck... but that comes with the territory! I've been bashing my face against it for the 10 hours, slowly but surely getting my head around the things that confuse me and hold me back, and I'm starting to Core the drill sites with health left to spare to even backtrack and pick up extra cash.Plus if you like mining and space puns, Windybeard is a fine developer for that. I've been back-and-forthing with him a lot today in pun-form when things happen in-game. A few choice ones we came up with were:Windybeard:"" its like my mama used to always say..... quadrants are like a box of chocolates, you never know what your gonna get""Tabriel:""<raises fist> FIIIIIIIISH!""(a'la Will Shatner in Wrath of Khan)Windybeard:""Your puns are ""boring"" (as in boring a hole......forget it)""Tabriel:""Call me Bruce Willis, because you could say I really got right to the Core of the matter.(Edit: Wait, damn, the Core wasn't Willis! Well I guess Armageddon outta here...)""So what are you waiting for? Get Mining people! :D"
,Recommended,513480,32831605,Posted: 26 June,all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","Ok, this game is really casual and very addictive for some reason.It's not an idle or a clicker game but similar to those digging flash games from Kongregate and Newsground.It has a lot more content and depth though and cool music.Gameplay is split into exploring a random galactic sector, drilling planets (dodging creatures and surviving pressure and the environment) and upgrading your drill with new rooms, workers, research etc.Drilling is the main course, objects consist of different blocks with different density and value, fire, acid or ice hazard, monsters, treasures and upgrades. Blocks and treasures are mixed in every drill.That's it, completely recommendable for the price."
,Recommended,513480,29833948,Posted: 10 February,all,EJDaBoss,"This game is amazing! The graphics are good, and funny. The characters are cute, (some are a bit ugly, in my opinion, but variety is the spice of life!) It's very satisfying when you finally reach the core, and just as much when you hire amazing crew members. I'd recommend this game to anyone with the slightest bit of interest. Its worth the money!"
76561197980777030,Recommended,513480,29675609,Posted: 3 February,all,Blyatdy,Motherload and No Man's Sky got a child.
,Recommended,513480,35349421,Posted: 30 September,all,Hospitaller  PorkSword,"If you love mining games, This is the game for you.  I havent found any game that has held my attention for long lately and this does it for me.  Lots of fun, lots to explore and unlock.  Challenging at times for sure.  My only gripe is that it can be a little repetitive but all in all I love this game."
76561198200698222,Recommended,513480,35196024,Posted: 24 September,all,chiefjasper,"I bought the game on sale. After playing it, I would have gladly paid full price. It is a fun game that can make you play longer than you intended. There are many elements at work and diffilculty is done perfectly. There are times you have to grind a little to upgrade, but then there are times you are pretty overpowered. This fluctuation is part of its appeal. Get this game I think you'll like it."
76561197961612823,Recommended,513480,29942425,Posted: 15 February,all,GoToXY,"I first tried the game from a torrent site and i really liked it so i bought it from steam. The update was really appreciate because it was a mess to click all day long;) The start was really hard for me (maybe i got unlocky with the exploring stuff and getting hard planet at first) but after a while its way easier but still a challenge for some. There are two things tho, that really disapointed me. 1. The collection are hard to get and the reward are very disapointing (i mean the drills one). You take hours to collect all those blocks/items and you have to choose between the drills. Honestly, if it was more like equipment that you could add to your drill and let us choose more than 1 that would be way more appealing. For my part, i keep using the +light radius that way i just have to dig 3 lines and find all chest and boxes. 2. Clearing out all blocks in a map doesnt give any bonus and we have to kill ourself at the end.Anyway, Congratulation on the game, i really like it. hope to see some update if you are up to it.P.S.: I don't know if its only me, but sometime, the drill doesn't want to move when holding the mouse button. It kinda need a long gap between where you push the button and the direction you want to take. I dont know if that can be solve in a next patch but it would be very appreciate."
76561197989787464,Recommended,513480,29692115,Posted: 4 February,all,Codename4p,"A fun mining game with micro management thrown in with simple controls and a well crafted levels that have a steep learning curve.This game may look easy, but it isn't, it is meant to grind you, its meant to slow you down, but with plenty of upgrades you can get with each quadrant you should be able to pass every section, if not you can simply move forward and return to these locations at a later date.With colourful art work and calming soundtrack to boot this is game I can highly recommend others to play."
76561198194810270,Recommended,513480,29695903,Posted: 4 February,all,zainthe,"so im going to list both the pros and cons, and then let you deside to get it or not, first the pros. This is a great game, and a great consept. they are still updating it [i think] and lastly, the music is awsome. now the cons. at this stage of the game, 10 dollars is a steep price. Mr. help guy doesn't help at all and just spews words out. the interface is a bit odd, and takes a lot of clicking to get anywhere. lastly. there are 2 places to reserch new things."
76561198010041196,Recommended,513480,29740675,Posted: 6 February,all,Papa Bless,"Play motherload, its an old 2D resource collection platformer. If you like motherload even a little, you will love this. Collect resources, mine planets for their cores, upgrade your HQ etc.. etc.. its like Tom Clancy': The Division, except no guns and in space."
76561197992742466,Recommended,513480,29638071,Posted: 1 February,all,SgtPitt,"Fun game, 2 hours in and i'm hooked !! My only gripe is It's very hard to dodge the creatures that lie below the surface."
76561198192989365,Recommended,513480,29640692,Posted: 1 February,all,Vixx,"I have only played a couple of hours, but I'm liking it so far. I generally agree with the other positive reviews that have been written. If you are on the fence about this one, I recommend watching the tutorial video the developer made to see if you will like the gameplay.  I'm anxious to go play more instead of writing this, so I guess that's a really good sign. I'll edit this review when I have played more."
76561197961545111,Recommended,513480,34670768,Posted: 1 September,all,crimer,Great for everyone that wants to play a brainless grindfest. Perfekt.
76561197973391748,Recommended,513480,29677024,Posted: 3 February,all,Nord,Fun game that will keep you entertaind for a long time if you get in to it
76561197992681922,Recommended,513480,29685936,Posted: 3 February,all,SirLogiC,"Fairly simple gameplay, with only a few elements to figure out. Get a bit of a Candy Crush vibe, though the gameplay is quite different. Silly names for things, lots of colourful graphics too. seems like an ideal game for a younger children.UI is a bit confusing. Oh and a tip, you can't kill/destroy the enemies, you have to dodge them."
76561198120078347,Recommended,513480,32934308,Posted: 28 June,all,AwesEmz,"Fascinating and fun game, even before you get into the building and crew it's cool to chill n' drill! I can see me losing many hours to this!"
,Recommended,513480,31230545,Posted: 18 April,all,Yagich,This game is awesome. A space drilling game. You drill. And drill. And expand your HQ to become the best mining corporation in the universe. And drill. Did I mention drilling?
76561197960440131,Not Recommended,513480,30136655,Posted: 24 February,all,Dark D,"Not worth 12 dollars.  It's at best an mindless time killer.The game is incredibly repetitive.  After playing about an hour of the game, you've basically played the whole thing as far as I can see.  Not that I played everything.  I'm pretty sure it requires something like 200 hours of work to play the whole thing...  But that entire 200 hours would be spent doing the exact same thing as you did in the first hour."
,Not Recommended,513480,30089557,Posted: 21 February,all,_Uno #TellSnaffsei,"Good game in concept, but it's so annoyingly grindy.Even while using Cheat Engine to try and fast-forward through a lot of the early stages, you're still locked by having to mine out a certain amount of blocks, which, I could have spent time trying to edit, but I lost interest in it shortly after.If you enjoy the early stages of this game, expect to have it repeat as time goes on with even more difficult planets which will eventually slow your drill down to a halt, making the more difficult planets also be the more time consuming ones."
76561198013601014,Not Recommended,513480,29656975,Posted: 2 February,all,MERC Major Gosnell,"https://youtu.be/p5IL8eife9AA very dull,grindy start,and an overcomplicated u.i is hiding what could be a classic.RecomendationsReduce the amount of clicking needed to perform actions at H.QReduce the amount of text the helper bot spewsMake Helper Bot skippable.Make research more coherent,there is no need for 2 seperate research areas i.e research and consortium.Make research tiles shorterReduce the grind.Then Maybe this game will be the classic it has the potential to beBear in mind i have only reached the early stages of the game,but realistically thats where your going to get players interested or lose them at the moment i can see people not giving it a chance.Which is a shame as i reckon alot of love went into it."
