user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,513420,25125819,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,explodes,"Quick game, ~1hrPros:- I love escape the room games- Unique puzzlesCons:- Dark- Drawers not staying closed is frustratingNot bad. I can't fully go and say I wouldn't recommend this, but it's pretty cool."
,Not Recommended,513420,25931225,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Nameloading99%,"The game is far too obscure, you will have no problems working out the puzzles for the first 3 rooms. The last has absolutely no method to the madness, simply trial and error for the first part, the second part was easy. The third we actually had to look up online as the my girlfriend was playing and due to her being slightly smaller then me was not able to line up the grid in the section she was supposed to, to see the obscure numbers that again were more trial and error then anything else."
,Not Recommended,513420,25278101,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Wolfknife_Larry,"If you've heard that something like Dark Souls is challenging yet fair and makes the game rewarding, IMO, Escape the Space Station is more like random unfair challenge that is not rewarding.There are no real clues to what you're doing. You just guess by opening drawers or flipping switches. It's not rewarding because you don't really feel like you accomplished anything. There's no clues you have to decipher, no riddles, nothing like that. You just poke and prod around until you just happen on the right thing.Just guess the random things and you're supposed to do until you get it right.It's just random guessing, not really puzzle solving. There's nothing pointing you in the right direction. VR Escape the Room did it well. You see things play with them and it leads to a clue as to what you're supposed to do next. You're curious as to what this thing is or what it means, then when you finally put two and two together you feel accomplished.VR Escape the Space Station doesn't do this at all. Just pull and press things with nothing encouraging your curiosity or finding something and looking at it to wonder ""what does this mean?"" You find something and it's obvious what it's for.The very last puzzle is very easy to figure out what you're supposed to do, but it's very unfair in execution as it's just another random guessing game rather than puzzle solving. So you stand there looking at this thing trying to focus on it as you get double vision and think, ""ok is it these numbers?"" Nope, try again, is it in this order, is it this many, does that one count its out of the bounds I'm using, well what about that one, am I standing too close, too far? To me that's not fair puzzle solving, it's just lazy and unclever level design.Compound that with moving around with the point and click method sometimes teleports you miles out in space only to turn around and see the tiny dot that is your space station or that critical item you need just passes through the glass and flies away into space which makes completing a level impossible makes the game unplayable at times.I never had fun playing it either. Even after figuring out VR Escape the Room I played it again knowing all the answers because it was fun. This? It's a chore.Skip this one."
76561198043450023,Recommended,513420,25131759,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ownedbytamater,"So let's stop and think about the other Escape Room Games we have for the HTC ViveEscape Vacate the Room VR - Very solidSRVive - Very in depth (you can interact with just about everything in the room!Now this one does have four seperate rooms to go through and the puzzles can be very challenging at times.I spent awhile getting aquianted with the first room (And trying to fish down a floppy disk that was floating at the top of the space ship but was past my ceiling)After the first room the second and third were very easy, but the last one is the one that absolutely stumped me!I tried absolutely everthing I could think of and the only reason I managed to make it even close is because I started calmly using a process of elimination (After some wallowing and sitting on the ground staring into space in disbelief that I would be stuck here forever)In terms of the In depthness of SRVive this game doesn't match up. But that being said if you enjoyed those other two Escape room titles then this one is probably no different. It made me think and try to work around the problem at hand (I'm weird I love puzzlers)There isn't anywhere near as much stuff to interact with but the experience should take you around an hour to play through.I am recommending this based on the fact that I do really enjoy escape room games and this one probably took me the longest to get through so far!If you want to see some more of the gameplay other then what the trailer shows check out my gameplay commentary below!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=751552901"
,Not Recommended,513420,28725473,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NightHawk8P,"Poor.Grabbing stuff doesn't feel right.  Anti-gravity is incredibly annoying instead of super cool.  There is no place you can put things so they stop floating around.  If you try and put stuff in a container they'll repeatedly smash into the lid or opening until it opens and they fly out again.  It's easy to accidentally send your stuff flying and then you have to wait for them to come back.  There is no inventory system either.The actual puzzles are poor.  The codes are done in such a way that it's easy to think you need a longer or shorter code than you need.  For example, in the first room the code is 6 digits long but it'll only display 5 and then error out, making you think you need a 5 digit code.  Actually, the 6th number confirms the code so you need a 6 digit code.  The buttons on them are finicky and it's easy to accidentally press too many.  You can't backspace so you need to try the entire thing in again from scratch.There are no clues or indicators of how to solve a puzzle.  You're expected to look at something and just understand how it works.  Normally games would teach you how a mechanic works but this game takes you to the final stage of a puzzle and just hopes you get it.  The final code you have to enter to win is ridiculous, with zero indication of how you're supposed to arrive there.  The switches in the final room are trial and error.This game was terrible.  Look at Abode or even VR: Vacate the Room for better examples of how to do a VR escape room experience."
76561197990095317,Not Recommended,513420,25791389,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Quagmire,"While I wanted to like this game, the fact that floating objects and things glitch through the walls/doors/cabinets... and the fact that you cant even get them once it happens makes it impossible to play....I started a game, needed fuses, found two and installled them. But when i got to the third fuse i accidently let go and it flew through the ship and off into neverland...... game over..... lame"
,Not Recommended,513420,26067269,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,DarkStarSword,"Just bad game design, refunded."
76561198121190943,Not Recommended,513420,26348539,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Jonus,"The game started off well, but the final puzzle made no logical sense in the context of how to solve a puzzle within an actual space station. Having one puzzle seem to be solved by random combination entry without any visible clues was very annoying and the final puzzle was thrown off by my height. I had to semi squat into the right position to get the right view of the arbitrary thing that no actual astronaut would use to program a code."
76561197970541793,Recommended,513420,25218723,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,LoveAlotBear,"Not a bad game, but not too many puzzles, and the last room was un-fun confusing with some of the switches. Vacat the room was smaller but better in puzzles. This one has better graphics, and the zero-G is a nice effects.So... play.. but buy on sale. Maybe $3-4.. wasn't terribly impressed, but it wasn't sucky."
,Not Recommended,513420,25228705,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ragnbones,"VR is still a fragile new playground. A garden, from which new and exotic experiences spring forth to entice you into the imagination of Game Designers, who's responsibility it is, to safeguard this fledgling industry from the oncoming march of tropes and mechanical issues that rear their ugly mugs.VR Escape the Space Station, makes no such efforts.Despite an intially intriguing premise, ""ESCAPE SPACE!"", the developer(s) seemingly make little effort in what could have been an excellent experience.Mechanically the game has many flaws, not least of which is a broken grab mechanic which will leave you grasping repeatedly for objects which have become locked in invisible collider objects, or which simply leave your grasp once your hand stops providing the ""grip"" buttons with the nessecary might. I found myself squinting into the darkness to find objects which had floated into textures or within the games geometry. Oh yes, did I mention the lighting is terrible.From an Escape Room perspective (and I've actually run one in London a while ago) the poor design is continued to the puzzles and hiding spots. Each room consists of one to three, discrete puzzles. Clearly the developer ran out of ideas after room one, which boasts the best designed challenge, the proceeding rooms become less and less intriguing and more and more infuriatingly dissapointing. The problem is further compounded by repetitive reuse of assets, assuring that in each ""room"" there is a very limited subset of interactive elements from which to illicit ""clues"". In essence, every drawer has a clue in it.If the game had used a decent ammount of artwork I'd have been happy to forgive it some of its sins, however the ""planetoid"" around which we are apparently ""orbiting"" is a large, grainy blob. What a damn waste.I look forward to the developer refining their efforts, I'm sure with their next release, hopefully after carefully study of some of the material being used in actual Escape Rooms, they will be able to redeem themselves.Unfortunately, this effort in particular, has been wasted. Better luck next time."
,Not Recommended,513420,29891782,Posted: 12 February,all,rk,"I found this more frustrating than fun.  Not because the puzzles were hard, but due to the unpolished use of VR.  A couple specific complaints:- There are collision bugs with the perimiter.  I put the screwdriver in a drawer and lost it it outside the station.  The flashlight somehow managed to get onto the other side of wall and although I could grab it, I couldn't bring it back to my side of the room.  Had to restart a couple times due to bugs, and I'm not the only one who had that problem.  The game should detect when these problems happen and respawn the items within reach.- If you have a small room, it will also be difficult.  e.g. I couldn't reach items near the ceiling.  I think they eventually come back down due to the very light gravity.  You also can't teleport when you're holding an item, which is lame.- A number of people (including myself!) have a lot of trouble with the final puzzle.  I won't say too much, to avoid spoilers.  It's a clever puzzly, but unfortunately you would need a VR system with more consistent optics than the HTC Vive in order for it to work reliably.  I got frustrated, and wound up bypassing the obvious intent of the puzzle, instead solving it using guesswork and rough proximity.  If there were better markers to ""aid"" positioning, or the developer reduced the length of the answer and enlarged things to give you more room for error, it would work a lot better.On the plus side, I thought the graphics were quite good, and the concept was neat.Overall I'd pass on this one, even at the <$10 price tag.  If the developer polishes it off I'd be happy to re-review."
,Recommended,513420,29571832,Posted: 29 January,all,christianled59,"Rather unique and fun escape game! The puzzles were really unique and fun, however the last one was really hard and frustrating. The visuals were great, and it was so cool to see earth from the station. The anti-gravity was also super awesome."
76561197977608651,Recommended,513420,25295821,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,dlpardoposton,"Pros -Not your typical VR shooter experience.Escape room puzzleInteresting/cool environment - love the setting of space station, as well as the lack of gravityGraphics - mostly quite nice looking. Biggest complaint is the planet bitmap could be MUCH better. Something closer to what they did in Realities would've been amazing.Cons -Not very long. For the price maybe close to what you'd expect?Really just a few real ""rooms"" (4x primary, I recall, but 1 there was hardly any puzzle & the last 1 was difficult for me but not for the right reasons)Ending room - think it could be improved. I had a tough time *seeing* (w/o spoiler) the solution.For being relatively short, not too many puzzle ""rooms"", I still recommend this for the money for those that:1) are looking for something *different*2) like ""escape room"" type puzzle gamesI've blown more, sometimes much more, on lesser games with less polish&content. Will return to this for friends to experience as a ""VR demo"" intro."
76561197971127571,Recommended,513420,25232689,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,The_Real_Black,"Nice idea for a escape game, but the physic gets a bit challenging. Hitting walls with object free them from the grip and every thing floats around is a bit annoying. But still a godd game for a good pricehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ngFVjmPmhs"
,Not Recommended,513420,28717076,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hOSHI,The last room (of 4) really sucks:The most important part of the final puzzle solution accidentally flew out into space. It never returned.And neither did i ...
76561197970554569,Not Recommended,513420,25559473,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,frasermartin,Fun while it lasted. Way way way to short.
,Not Recommended,513420,25272122,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,LrdSnuggles,"This game is middling at best.Graphically, it looks reasonably decent. The brightness level is sometimes annoying as you end up squinting in to the dark. There's a flashlight floating around but it doesn't actually work particularly well.Mechanically, basic grabbing actions are mostly fine. However, it's often very unclear whether you *can* interact with something in the world. You just flail your hand over items until you grip something that is actually moveable. The safe in the first room wouldn't open even with the correct code. This is probably due to the clear button being right by the last digit. In the end, I just put my head through the wall and pulled the item out.Puzzle-wise, this is where the game falls hardest. The puzzles are either very basic or entirely inscrutable. Basic: find items hidden in a room, read a code off an item. Inscrutable: pull some levers in a random order with no feedback or guidance. The last room's puzzles were frustrating enough to make me give up, even though I knew what I was supposed to do.Sadly, this product seems rushed out. It looks nice, but the gameplay is so simplistic it provides little to recommend."
76561198010110958,Recommended,513420,25197373,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,KBTurner,i liked it a lot.. 3rd room though... way too easy... 4th room was great!
,Recommended,513420,25309641,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Ronny,My wife love this.
,Recommended,513420,28584113,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Harvester of Sorrow,"This game was awe-inspiring with it's space setting and fun with it's simple problem solving gameplay, it's still a work in progress, but in my opinion worth the money.Plain and simple, you're on some sort of abandoned space station and have to go through 4 different rooms and escape each one. The first three were fun and took a bit of thinking to get through them, but the last one... insane, huge difficulty spike from the previous rooms... I don't want to give away the solution, but the last room consists of 4 parts, I was so lost that I completely guess on the first 3 parts, managed to get them right, but still had no idea how I was suppose to come to the solution for them. (If someone knows exactly what you had to do I would love to hear from you.)A couple things that need work:- The sound design for the ambient noise, which is this low hum that kinda gets annoying after awhile.- Brightness setting. It's pretty dark in there and this may bother some. I enjoyed it because it added on to the whole lost-in-space vibe. There is a flashlight floating around, but it may not be enough for some. P.S. The images show on board lighting, did I possibly miss this?? If I did that's a cool dynamic that just adds on to the overall game.- The FX for open drawers and cabinets seems a bit too loud.Things that are great:+ The overall atmosphere was amazing and a fresh new enviroment from what we've had with previous VR titles. I've played a lot of Dead Space and Alien Isolation and this title felt like a nod to those games.+ Easy to pick up and play so great for showing friends/family.+ 4 mini rooms/puzzles instead of one single larger room, allows for a brief change of scenery.Overall, if you been looking to satisfy another escape room crave, you won't be disappointed. If price is a factor in your decision based take into account that the game can be beaten in less than a hour and also if you plan on sharing the experience."
,Recommended,513420,25242391,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,sparkofflaim15,"Overall a fun little escape the room game. That being said the puzzles were pretty simplistic, but I still enjoyed them. I would recommend to the devs that they put in some feature that prevents looking outside the craft, and pulling items through the wall. *spoiler* I was able to pull the fuse out of the safe prior to entering the code, feeling like I cheated a bit, I went and entered the code, but I did give me a little direction when I was lost, but you are also able to walk through the walls and see drawers and other objects not intended. One weird thing was on the final puzzle the tool given to solve it was thrown into space when I teleported to the edge, and was never to be seen again. It actually forced me to restart the game in order to solve the puzzle. All in all I love escape the room games, this was a little easier than I wanted, but I love the direction its going in and if the devs can fix those few bugs I mentioned I will definately be checking out more from them!"
