user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,514990,32467766,Posted: 16 June,all,The Mewtilator,"Forewarning; I'm not very good at reviewing products. Hell, I'm downright terrible at it. IMO.Honestly, I haven't had any problems other than the AI not following me to the end of a certain scenario. However; The developer seems to pay close attention to the community for this game and that particular issue was resolved in no time.I've only played single player so I can't say anything about multiplayer, but I'm the kind of person who prefers Single Player anyway. That way I only have myself to blame for failure. Plus, AI is just as good (or useless) as any person to me.So far, I'm enjoying this game and I've only played the Campaign and the Nightmare Vignettes. I started with a gamepad, so I haven't had any problems whatsoever with controls. Also, the problem people may be having with gamepads not working may just be a Steam issue rather than an issue with the game itself. It's also possible it's user error because I've seen a rather large amount of people who can't seem to figure out how to use a gamepad with Steam at all. Even though it's generally plug and play. Hurp'Derp.As for KB+M controls, I didn't bother. Because the store page says this, ""Additional Notes: Xbox One, Xbox 360 or PS4 gamepad recommended."". It's listed under the System Requirements section.No, it's not EXACTLY like RE: Outbreak but it does try to emulate it and, IMO, does a decent job of it. It's not perfect, but neither are you and it doesn't have to be.I purchased the deluxe edition and I do like having the Danger Close Flashlight combined with the Vital Signs Laser. The, ""Bounce"" character skin is my favorite of all the player skins. As it makes the characters seem just a bit more animated. Rather than stiff as a board.Resource management is really important in this game. Those complaining about limited space aren't managing their resources well enough. There's even a character with an expanded inventory. Sure, it's only two extra slots but it's damn helpful. You're also going to have to rely on your memory. There is no journal that keeps track of things such as keycodes or safe combinations. You're also going to have to read a lot to find that kind of information, but that's part of the fun and helps you learn about what happened.The video says you can choose from four distinct characters but there are actually seven or eight now. I think it's seven... May be wrong. Could be eight.I may or may not add more to this ""review"" in the future after I've had the opportunity to try out Onslaught and MP.Overall though, I would and do recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,514990,29987737,Posted: 17 February,all,Ice Poog,"EDIT:Special thanks to Drop Dead Studios for responding to this review. Don't solely take my word for it if you're thinking about playing this game. I haven't spent a lot of time playing it to be honest, but I'm going to fix that. Pleasepleasepleasepleasepleaselook at the comments on this review, because the developer really does care about their game and improving upon it. So glad DDS is reaching out to players for feedback.EDIT #2:I have had a chance to try the ""Outbreak"" scenario after a recent update added an AI partner in single-player & plan to sample Multiplayer's new scaling system. The AI is servicable (i played as the new character Nora on normal & got Quies as an AI partner), but players may find themselves slowed down or in a pickle sometimes if they want their computer companion to make it out alive, as it appears to have a set-in stone response to situations (follow the player, shoot enemies who are in a close enough proximity that the AI is almost guaranteed to take damage, engage enemies the player faces in a combat stance at a certain range, etc). I almost tanked the ""Outbreak"" finale because a spider was gnawing on my friend while a boss focused on me, haha.I sort of wish I could give a ""half-thumb"" rating instead of a negative one, because I do like the game a little.I cannot recommend the game in its current state to people looking for multiplayer, as the problems to be mentioned shortly make it a frustrating experience. I am still very interested in this game, so I will keep tabs on it and adjust this review accordingly. I've still got a soft spot for a game that revives the Resident Evil spin-off series. <3This game is unfortunately too clunky right now, even for one featuring tank controls. I know what game it's trying to emulate (Resident Evil Outbreak) but the time taken to ready a gun or melee weapon & fire it is much slower and can get the player damaged in circumstances where, say, the camera is extremely zoomed in and you cannot notice an enemy until they hit you. Speaking of enemies, they move rather fast. Going further with individualizing characters by giving them a special move (i.e. a duck or kick) similar to Resident Evil Outbreak's cast would also be greatly appreciated. Melee weapons break very, very easily in this game; 2-3 enemy encounters on normal difficulty was enough for an axe, climbing pick or knife to break. This is a glaring issue due to the fact that enemies never stop spawning.Multiplayer itself is way too hard right now, scaling itself rather high if you have just 2 players in a game; ""Normal"" becomes like ""Very hard on Nightmare"" in comparison to Single Player, which I had much less difficulties dealing with enemies. Enemies spawn more frequently and do much more damage. This wasn't such a problem in Outbreak because most enemies spawned a fair distance away, at a modest interval--they also had to get through doors first most times, which cease to exist if & after they are unlocked. Also worth mentioning is how meddlesome narrow hallways happen to be in coop, because you cannot shoot through somebody. Some hallways are simply too thin for multple players to engage enemies together while traversing through them.[NOTICE]: There has been a recent update which increases player health & healing effectiveness if games don't have full people--the less survivors, the better the benefits. I haven't had a chance to try multiplayer since this update, but will update when I do.That being said, I am grateful that someone has attempted to make their own version of a game which is almost impossible to play nowadays. $15.00 is a bit much at the moment, given these issues & the lack of server popularity to try enjoying the game with other people. . The ability to personalize yourself with flashlight/laser/character colors is a nice way to differentiate yourself more, and the character designs themselves are refreshing after getting to know RE:O's characters so well. Earning & using one-time items to help boost survival is also an interesting concept. I'll continue watching this game in anticipation to see what the future holds. Hopefully this feedback helps!"
,Recommended,514990,29329024,Posted: 17 January,all,Standemonium!!,"I'm gonna bang this out fast since I wanna get this out here quickly. Apologies if it's a bit messy.I was informed of this game about 20 hours prior to the release. I checked out some videos and made up my mind that the game looks like it should be within the 15 dollar range (just my opinion) . The following day I got an email saying the game has released, and for 10.49 for the first week. I jumped on it and bought the game.GAMEPLAY!This is a top-down style survival horror shooter. You have 5 scenarios, a neat little tutorial, and an ""onslaught mode"" to complete. In my almost 4 hours of gametime I only completed the tutorial and the first scenario. Having only completed scenario 1, I can say that each one consists of a large map with multiple locked doors and small puzzles throughout, with plenty of documents to read that will fill you in on what is happening around you. Now you can't just assume you are safe because you are reading something, ohhh my sweet child no.. THEY WILL COME AFTER YOU AND THEY WILL NOT STOP. So you'd best not dilly dally or you will become zombie food ( I did a few times -_-  ). You have an inventory system that allows you to carry only so many items with you at a time. I had a few tough decisions to make between ammo and health while playing. You complete puzzles, fight monsters, and unlock doors while running for your life and trying to find the exit.Characters!!You have four characters to choose from, each with their own traits like high damage resist or more inventory slots.Multiplayer!!I played this solo, but get this, there is co-op! You actually get to play this game in 4 player co op online.  Imagine splitting up with your friends in order to complete the task at hand, only to hear their cries of help because they were overwhelmed with beasties.The feel of the game instantly reminds me of the resident evil games I grew up with. Now I am a HUGE RE Outbreak fan, and this game right here fills the void left behind when they closed the American servers years ago.CONTROLS!  Mouse/keyboard, gamepad supportStarting the game, I tried using a mouse and keyboard. It was a bit tough to work with (the game suggests an xbox one gamepad) but I managed to squeak by. Then I decided to give the ole 360 gamepad a try, WAAAYY BETTER! It made for a faster paced and smoother experience. To those giving this a negative review due to the controls, give a gamepad a shot!My final opinionThe game is a bit clunky, but I was honestly okay with that since I felt like it was trying to emulate the old school ""tank control"" feel of the game.  The graphics are simple but gory in an old school top-down game way. Multiplayer is a huge plus for me since you and three friends can panic together.All in all, for the price I paid, I can see myself getting 30+ hours out of this game easily when I play online with friends. I look forward to playing this game on harder modes with friends!"
76561198046242117,Recommended,514990,29409874,Posted: 21 January,all,RyanS1357,The closest thing to Resident Evil Outbreak.
,Recommended,514990,29400836,Posted: 21 January,all,Herbert West,"As a kid, I played Resident Evil Outbreak a lot. I beat both games on the hard difficulties, and still continued to play them.Now, the game I am reviewing, Outbreak, has a lot of inspiration to Outbreak, and I love it. You have the 5 scenarios (One being the tutorial), you have only 4 inventory slots. You have limited ammo and have to search for your supplies including weapons, ammo, health and key items. Puzzels are a big thing in games like these. The puzzels in Outbreak are challenging, but are definitely possible. The Memoes you find on the ground give you all the clues you need to figuring them out. Outbreak features 4 different characters, each with different stats and abilites (And some with disabilities because of their good sides) Each scenario has a story in it. The game is basically a top down resident evil outbreak with tank controls, and as I said. I love it."
,Recommended,514990,30755856,Posted: 26 March,all,Xero | Syndicate,"What do you get when you cross a love of the Resident Evil franchise (the good ones) and a developer that is fanatically obsessed with making things the best they can be? You get Outbreak, a carefully crafted homage to the original recipe of survival horror.Graphically speaking, this is not a AAA title. But what it lacks in stunning visuals it certainly makes up for in an atmosphere oozing with character. Your hearbeat races as enemies appear in your field of view, vents creak as someone (or something) lurks in the shadows, wind and rain can be heard outside and the satisfying *thud* of bullets striking flesh keeps you immersed during every playthrough.You are given a number of options with respect to how you would like to play. Be it single player with AI or multiplayer with 3 of your friends. There are also different modes to play such as Onslaught which pits you against an increasingly more difficult wave of enemies with ammo and confidence dwindling after each enemy falls. I personally enjoy the Nightmares, which is a deliberately slower paced ode to true survival horror.For a game that doesn't rely on flashy presentation to garner attention, it truly deserves a playthrough just for the overall design and frantic multiplayer. The sense of tension is palpable and no matter how good you think you're doing, things can go south just as fast. Top that off with a developer that is more active in the community than I've ever seen, this is an easy recommendation. This is a solo dev's labor of love, so go ahead and share that love. Buy a few copies. Your friends will thank you."
,Recommended,514990,29860135,Posted: 11 February,all,Panda Head,"Neat little game. The developer is very active with the community - already implementing many features requested by the fans (for free) including:Optional new control schemes, as the original control schemes were quite unforgiving.Additional charactersMore balanced difficultyif you enjoyed the RE: Outbreak series and don't mind the perspective then I'd definitely recommend it."
,Not Recommended,514990,33105968,Posted: 1 July,all,White Rhino PSO,"Let me start off by saying that I understand the developer was going for heavy amounts of homage when they made this game. That being said, at some point you have to decide if you want your homage to be so strict that it detracts from enjoyable gameplay, or even puts people off from buying the game.Outbreak looks interesting enough; control a single character while exploring different locations in a zombie apocalypse. Weapons, ammunition, and other supplies are scarce - it is the end of the world, after all. The atmosphere is dark and foreboding, and there are bits and pieces of people who couldn't escape or survive all over the place, reminding you just how close you are ending up the same way. At first glance, this sounds great - but then some of the issues start to crop up.In the normal game, zombies will continue to respawn just off-screen as you play, and combat with those zombies is.. to put it nicely, cumbersome. The first ones you see in the tutorial move almost as fast as you do while running, which means you need a lot of distance before you can turn around and take aim. The amount of stun and knockback a weapon does is less than the amount of time required to take another shot. This means that being blindsided by a zombie and not being able to get away will defintitely get your character injured. Combine that with the choice of control scheme..The original Resident Evil games had what fans call ""tank controls,"" and the developer of Outbreak chose to emulate them. You move directly forward with one key and directly backward with another, but pushing left or right turns which way your character is facing rather than making you step to the side. The reason this worked in Resident Evil is because the scene kept changing; each new room had the camera placed in a different place, sometimes even multiple places in the same location. The control system they used ensured that the player wouldn't mistakenly turn the wrong direction or leave the area by letting the camera determine their movement.In the majority of Outbreak - at least what I had seen by the time I wrote this review - the placement of the camera is directly overhead, centered on the player. There are times where the camera shifts to focus on the entirety of a small room, but that was very rare. Even with the inclusion of ""the player always faces the mouse pointer""-style movement, they kept the tank-style controls. W moves you toward the cursor, S moves you away, but now A and D are entirely useless.There are four characters to choose from in the game, and each of them is almost the exact same. They have one particular skill that differentiates them, and a few pages of a personal backstory as to what happened before they were caught up in the zombie apocalypse, but that's basically it. The game's story is found by reading articles and memos found across the game, but the only way to hear the full story is to play through at the hardest difficulty the game has to offer, which would likely require a dedicated group of friends to play through it cooperatively. Not having friends that I play games with means I'll likely never get to find out the majority of what's going on in the game.It honestly feels like the developer was determined to keep his vision for this game alive and pure, and wasn't willing to compromise for any reason. Having the story gated behind coop-required higher difficulties, having a control scheme that doesn't make sense for a top-down action game, endlessly spawning streams of zombies that are far more annoying to deal with than they are unsettling or scary.. it's just too much. I bought the game for $3.99 during Steam Summer Sale 2017, and that still feels like too much for the amount of frustrating gameplay I would be allowed to experience while playing solo.Regardless, take any recommendation for or against a game with a grain of salt. Do your own research, and take a look at the game's demo before you decide what to do with your money."
,Recommended,514990,29329995,Posted: 17 January,all,LittleChestnut,"I saw some people are  complaining about the control.....Seriously ?I can sure the people who give this game a thumb down have never played  any Survival Horror games back in 90s（Original Resident Evil, Original Silent Hill, Alone in the dark New Nightmare）This game is made for old school survival horror fans, and the dev really know what we want.I can assure you guys, if you love the game I mentioned above. YOU WILL LOVE THIS.This game is a lot like the original RE games. The control, the story, the atmosphere, the gameplay even the sound effect. Everything you miss about the old RE are in this game！Buy it. You won't regert"
,Recommended,514990,29433798,Posted: 22 January,all,Ditch,"Outbreak is a fantastic throwback to the old style of survival horror games. The tension and atmosphere of the game is spot on. Having to keep on your toes and pay close attention to you surroundings make for some interesting and satisfying runs that have the potential to go south at a moments notice.The game itself can be cruel, but fair and it lays all it's cards out on the table for you from the get go. Your inventory is very limited, so learning resource management is absolutely vital if you're going to survive. Key item and code spawns are always static, but weapon, ammo, consumables, and even some enemy spawns are random. This adds to the frantic nature of the game. The game does not pause while in your inventory or while reading files so be mindful of your surroundings!While the maps in each scenario may be static, the changes that come with the different difficulty levels make each scenario feel like a different game the next time you go through. Added into the mix is Onslaught mode, which is the wave based horde mode, and there is a lot to do in there.To finish this off, the multiplayer mode is probably the biggest draw to the game. It has 4 player online co-op, which further changes up both the difficulty and the dynamic of the strategy you and your team will be using. Each character has their own strengths and weaknesses, making communication and teamwork vital to make it through.Keep in mind, the the developer is always open and very active in addressing and discussing any criticism, suggestions and general discussion or input. Of course most importantly he's very committed to the development of the game and it's growing community.To sum it all up, if you're looking for the classic feel of older RE titles with some interesting twists to the formula and an amazing multiplayer experience, check this game out and give it a go."
,Recommended,514990,33206779,Posted: 3 July,all,Solo Darling™ 🎗,"Old style survivor horror at its finest with puzzles to solve and zombies to kill.Single player AI is not bad at all, just incase you cant find a match for multiplayer.Optional new control schemes, and camera angles makes it easy for a console or pc experience.The atmosphere that this game has is very convincing, It feels like a completed game and there is always a real challenge no matter the difficulty setting.Overall you are getting your money's worth with or without the sales.The flashlight and laser bundle is basically the only dlc you will need for this game."
76561198095264781,Recommended,514990,29493498,Posted: 25 January,all,Clarkansas,Two thumbs up.  Minor issues that we need to report but the developers are actively working on this game.  It is what a  top down classic resident evil game would be.
,Recommended,514990,29332756,Posted: 18 January,all,Patch,"Pretty much a top-down re-make of the outbreak games in the resident evil series. Very challenging with similar controls, plays just as well as i remember the old RE games playing. This game is challenging, and RNG can be a bit unfair, but a good player can win with even the worst RNG."
76561197965396869,Recommended,514990,29462281,Posted: 24 January,all,Macdallan,"**Edited 2017-01-26  Okay, the developer is very active on the forums, and notices reviews and issues.  They've already (after just around one day since my complaint and sugggestion) added a follow mouse option to the settings and also changed the default set-up.  You have to re-set back to ""default"" controls to get the new settings, but they took the complaints in stride and pushed out quick fixes to these things because their customers had issues with them.  Now you can enable that option to ""face mouse"" and you will still move forward/back with w and s (or whatever the new default keys are) but the characters automatically turn to face the mouse pointer.  It's much, much better.  Not perfect, but a vast improvement.Edit to add:  Another +1 for pushing out such a quick control scheme change to deal with a few complaints, though.  I'm sure it will be better than it was.*Additional edit 2017-01-26 Dead Drop Studios made another change to the control scheme already.  Kudos on quick reaction time to customer complaints.  Other indie developers could learn a lot from you, while you may have a vision, your customers may not share that vision.  Thank you for not just hearing us, but listening and, as hard as it might be, changing your vision just enough to accommodate your customers.Despite the developer replies, and recent control changes, I still feel the game would be better with ""normal"" controls versus ""tank"" style.  Make turning take time, sure, but not with the current control scheme.  To this end I really would like to see the controller ...er... controls change slightly.  Turn left/right and walk forward/back is clunky and feels strange.  Maybe just have the character turn and walk toward wherever you're pointing the stick, and only spin in place while aim mode is active.  I think that would make the controls feel a lot better, but with a few tweaks to the control scheme the keyboard/mouse combo seems to work fairly well now.  I need to bind actions to mouse buttons to enhance gameplay, though.  It still feels clunky.As the controls were my main issue, and even though the game still has some things I consider to be problems including the controller controls, I am now recommending you give this a shot.  I have another game, a bit similar to this in a few ways, that could be great, but due to the way the screen is locked in multiplayer, and the steadfast refusal of the devs. to fix it, I could not recommend that game.  This one, simply because the developer is listening to their paying customers, I most certainly can.  Ther are, however, several other comments I need to make.Inventory - slot system.  X number of slots.  All items take a slot.  So, 4 keys - inventory full.  4 shotguns, inventory full.  4 jars of first aid stuff - inventory full.  Each of these items is a very different size and shape, but each takes up an entire slot.  Poorly conceived.  Perhaps a ""small item"" slot making keys and other tiny things stack-able, plus 4 slots for anything larger.  I get what they were going for, but it doesn't work.  One character has 6 slots as his ""perk"".  6 feels sufficient, or better, but it's still odd for tiny items to take an entire slot where you can also fit a semi-automatic 6-round grenade launcher.Instant ""barricades"".  You can, literally, make a barricade appear out of nowhere.  Then a countdown starts until you can re-barricade.  I don't like this ""feature.  Make objects like desks and chairs move-able, let me knock over a vending machine or something in the environment instead of pulling objects out of thin air.  Did I mention I don't like this?  I really don't.Screen ""overlay"".  There's some kind of haze on the screen 100% of the time.  It detracts from the game. If it existed only in ceratin places where it was hard to see, I'd be happy with it, but it's always there.  I also don't like this.Edit:  Okay, +1 for quick dev. replies, and an answer to the reload issue that I'd brought up before I edited the review.  Turns out it's not an issue.  I was completely unaware of a way to quick reload without going into the inventory.  The tutorial either didn't mention it, or I didn't notice which would mean the tutorial failed to teach me that function.  Either way, I'm glad this was not completely overlooked.  You can re-load while aiming without going into your inventory to combine the weapon and ammo.Edit to add:  I disagree completely with the inventory comments made by DDS on this review, having a KEY take up the same space as a SHOTGUN does not ratchet up the tension, it's annoying and makes no sense.  Give items weight, or a value based on size/weight and let that dictate how much you can carry.  I can't fathom how it's even remotely possible that carrying FOUR KEYS takes up the same inventory space as a shotgun, a pistol, a grenade launcher and a combat knife.  Unless those are some huge keys.  But they're not.  As for barricade and ""dirty lens"" effect.  I don't like 'em, but I doubt it's going to change.A small change I'd like to see is hitting the open inventory screen button while it's already open could close it again, instead of having to click exit, or hit the ESC key.  Yeah, it's a minor thing, but it shouldn't be hard to implement.I also must ask a question.  What's the point of walking slowly if there's no energy system and my character never tires?  I'd love to be able to ""always run"" or toggle run/walk.  Holding a key CONSTANTLY while playing just to run all the time, when I'm always going to run without execption, is annoying. I almost want to stick the run key down with glue....Despite my complaints changes were made to the game and I can now recommend you try the game if you like this genre at all.  It's not perfect, but with an active developer who listens to his customers and quickly implements fixes to make them happy I think they deserve a shot.  Plus, the game's fairly cheap and has co-op multiplayer, two big plusses.p.s. I've edited, and re-edited this a few times.  Hopefully it all makes sense.  :)"
76561197967404721,Recommended,514990,29415824,Posted: 21 January,all,HelLfIsH,Like everyone has been saying. If you like RE Outbreak for the PS2 then this game is for you! A bit clunky and minmal bugs here and there but everything else oushines the problems!
76561198272464062,Recommended,514990,29435387,Posted: 22 January,all,RadRaptor14,This game was pretty fun I enjoyed playing it and would reccomend it to any one who has played resident evil / biohazard.
,Recommended,514990,31326855,Posted: 23 April,all,Coolguy1079,"Outbreak is a great game for people who are looking for a good zombie survival game (not just one where you go and mow down hundreds of zombies) especially one where resource managing is a key figure in the game, it judges if you'll make it to the end or not, and the fact that you have to position yourself even when you have the (good) zombie killing guns is even more interesting; if you want a game where you can get a few scares here and there, while being very challenging all the way through, this is the game for you. If not, you can still enjoy playing with a few lads on here (Which is enjoyable regardless of difficulty).Personal Rating: 7/10"
76561198013378613,Recommended,514990,30207471,Posted: 26 February,all,Commander Useless,"Outbreak.It would've been a little more difficult to give this game a recommendation right at its release (which is when I bought it). The game was complete, but felt rather lacking. I tried to play it with a friend of mine, but they hated the tank controls. In the end, I had to play it alone - which I did. I completed the first scenario. It was a good feeling, although a little bittersweet.Fast forward to today. Now the game has been beefed up dramatically with more content: New gameplay features, more polish, more (and better!) control schemes, new characters, new enemies, neweverything! It's always a delight to see updates like this because it really shows that the developer cares. Playing it now, the game is like it was at release, only better. Weapons feel more responsive and effective and enemies still feel threatening, even with the smoother controls.Would I have recommended the game at release? Reluctantly.Will I recommend it now? Absolutely.The game is cheap, it is good fun (especially with friends) and it packs a pretty decent atmosphere. I hope that everyone who played it at release gives this game a second chance - it certainly deserves one. It is now the truemodernlong lost cousin to Resident Evil: Outbreak.P.S.Please use the Action Mouse Look Hybrid controls. It makes everything better!"
,Recommended,514990,29410646,Posted: 21 January,all,Riven311,Well hello steam umm people!  i like to give this game a bump up.  where i dont have a ton of time in this game i followed 3 people last nite play...and one of the dudes was the dev!  guy cool as heck.  hears out what is said both good and bad.  for about $10 (got it on sale) its a good game.   I like the feel and lore from it so far.as well people of..steam?  nothing bad about helping a little guy in this sea of crapy cash and go games.
,Recommended,514990,29361101,Posted: 19 January,all,FuzzyFishIII,"This game gives you a very similar feeling to Resident Evil Outbreak. Since we cannot get RE Outbreak or RE Outbreak File 2 (come on steam, you know we want it) this game is the closest we got for it. It's actually a pretty good game. Has some flaws but what game doesn't have flaws? This is a well made top-down survival horror and I do hope this game progresses and progresses in the right direction.Better to play with friends as well (just make sure they won't take every gun)The characters are a bit small (only 4) but hopefully that changes.The tank controls are not too bad, I enjoy them personally.The gun damage seems a bit off (the better shotgun shouldn't take 3 shots to kill a zombie)And last but not least, the feeling of never being able to have the game paused. Even in single player, where I had to quit after over an hour of work because I couldn't hold my bladder any longer.All in all, it's a good game where it is currently, needs some changes (which will hopefully be added) and the developer stays active with the community which is really good. So I would say buy it if you're feeling nostalgic for some RE Outbreak or enjoy some classic survival horror the way it was back then"
76561198020385718,Recommended,514990,29341038,Posted: 18 January,all,TumblingFist,"If you are a resident evil fan, you will like this. It is basically a top down, coop resident evil. Great for 10 bucks especially!"
,Recommended,514990,29335692,Posted: 18 January,all,ChrisshinMC,"Here is what I like and what I don't like in a nutshell:LIKES:- Reminds me of old Resident Evil days.- The game has convincing atmosphere.- There is ONLINE co-op.- It feels like a completed game, too many games on steam are half-done as is.- There is real challenge, even on the easiest difficulty.DISLIKES:- The controls and movement speed are annoying (although I understand why they are, if we were fast and moving at pin-point turns the zombies would have to move faster too, this game isn't a fast-zombie experience. In all honesty, the scariest zombies are the ones who can catch you at a slow pace. So I kind of understand the choice to make movement a bit of a hindrance.)- Items that are dropped on top of each other become difficult to pick up after wards unless you move them out of the way of each other.- There doesn't seem to be a quick reload button??- Handguns knockback damage is too weak to make them formidable early weapons against zombies.- The user-interface is too complicate for quick use. There needs to be a quick slot system for items to be dropped and used.All in all in this is a very good game at $10 if you're buying this on sale. I'm sure with friends you could easily have hours of fun."
76561198313146971,Recommended,514990,32758126,Posted: 24 June,all,Fluff the Panda,"For a game with one developer, it's pretty fun. There's a clear influence from the Resident Evil series, so if you're a fan of those then you'll catch on very quickly.That being said, this game is incredibly difficult, even on the easiest setting. The challenge is what makes the game great. I haven't tried playing with AI, only with friends, and it takes such a long time to complete a level because of how many times we have to restart.Yes, the game is multiplayer, but there's never anyone online so don't go looking for randoms.The controls feel a bit strange, but there are different control types so you can find one that fits your liking.If you aren't looking for a challenge and you're not willing to restart 50 times, this isn't your game."
76561198143453256,Recommended,514990,35309655,Posted: 29 September,all,Saisi Ratsq,"Outbreak is a 2D tribute to original Resident evil game (1&2), with authentic sense of despair, loneliness and helplessness in the wake of a zombie apocalypse.Game is full of easter eggs and resemblances to RE, and it will make you smile often when you start uncovering them.Pay attention that this game is balanced old school, hard and unforgiving even on the lowest(normal) difficulty setting.Very good desicision by developer, as the high difficulty adds up to atmosphere of disaster.Outbreak supports multiplayer and co-op play, onslaught(wave based) mode as well as original campaign.If you want to challenge yourself with a dire atmosphere and grim chances of survival, Outbreak delivers that experience perfectly."
76561198086330653,Recommended,514990,32459334,Posted: 15 June,all,CautiousCrowe,"This game is really a lot of fun! It is pretty much a hardcore rogue like game that you can play with your friends. On the easiest difficulty there's plenty of ammo and healing to go around and after learning the game's spawning algorithm it really just comes down to exploring the map and finding where everything is located, once you have a better feel for the map and where things spawn you can pick up the pace in the harder difficulties and rely less on having an ample amount of ammo and healing supplies.All in all this game is a load of fun, I would definitely recommend playing with friends, but if that isn't an option the single player AI is actually not half bad."
,Not Recommended,514990,32511729,Posted: 17 June,all,°͜ʖ° ๖ۣۜZÂÑTÅ CLÁWŠ,"To keep it simple i'll write the Tl:Dr up top:This game is basically just a glorified Resident Evil-Inspired flash game on steam.  The game in itself isn't extremely bad, it's not the worst game I've ever purchased, nor is it an entirely awful experience.  My biggest complaint lies somewhere between how unfinished the game feels, and how the developers are pulling a ""Capcom"" move and ditching this title completely for their new game, which is fully 3-D and looks more like the survival horror game people wanted out of this.  As for the actual gameplay, once you figure out which of the horrible movement mechanics suits you best you can finally start your adventure into the zombie/monster infected areas that.....are mostly just all the same textured walls and floors room after room, some with awkward puzzles and others with randomly placed gibs or items.  The game would get extremely boring if not for the fact that zombies will spawn just off-screen (and a few times right in front of us at certain points), to make it seem as if the undead were constantly hounding you as you progress.  There's also a somewhat interesting backstory, but it's fairly easy to miss parts of it and wind up with fragments of the story by the end of the game, and a feeling of ""Ugh, I missed something, didn't I? Damn it"".  Pair that with the awful mechanic of ""Play on nightmare difficulty for the FULL story!"", means that unless you cheat or have very skilled and loyal friends to play these levels over and over with until you finally perfect it, you'll probably never know the ""Full"" story through your own gameplay.-End of the Tl:Dr-Okay here's where i'd like to just rant about some of the♥♥♥♥♥♥this game does.FIrst off, the game REALLY pushes this idea that ""THIS IS THE TRUE SURVIVAL HORROR EXPERIENCE WOOO"", and many other reviews claim that if you enjoyed earlier Resident Evil entries that you'll enjoy this.  The problem is that this isn't actually THAT close to the old Resident Evil games.  While it is fairly similar to the mini, and non-cannon series of ""Resident Evil: Outbreak"" games (Hence this game's name, Outbreak), they give up a lot of the ""Survival Horror"" feels we got in those old Resident Evil games by creating this game in what seems to be an awful engine.  To make a short comparison, in the old Resident Evil games your friends (or decent bot A.I.) would cover you during puzzles, hold items for you, and genuinely feel like they're a key player in the team.  In this game, enemies walk right through every doorway, one team member will pretty much always wind up holding all the keys and having to be tanked by others, and the puzzles aren't always that simple to figure out (not that that's entirely a bad thing, it just doesn't work well with the gameplay here).  Not to mention, like I had said before, sometimes enemies will spawn just off camera, or ""off camera for a certain player"", so in our experiences we would sometimes have strong enemies spawn right in front of, or dangerously close to, the person trying to cover us- or worse, the enemies would spawn behind them in an ""off camera"" location, and murder the people doing the puzzle.If this hasn't deterred you yet, allow me to keep going.As for the looks, this game seems very similar to some sort of RPG-Maker game.  There's probably only about 20-30 map props that they use throughout the whole game, which believe me ruins the immersion a LOT.  Combat in the game is awful- you either stand still and fire a gun at enemies that charge into you, or you equip a melee and cast what my friends and I affectionatley refer to as ""Wind Blade"" at the enemies.  If they reach you, then you will be grabbed, unable to be ""saved"", and take at least 1/3rd of your max hp as damage.  Running from enemies is hardly possible since a light-jog is the fastest mode of transportation for your characters, so for the most part if you run you better hope it's to friends who have loaded guns and are ready to open fire on the monster chasing you.The characters you play as also have virtually no depth, outside of a few lines of text describing each one in the begining.  Which bothers me a lot.  In Resident Evil Outbreak you found out things about the characters, and even by the end of the game realized some of them had feelings for one another, some of them had things they wanted to prove, etc.  In this game the most character development we found was that ""Alexia"" has a hairstyle that looks extremely close to a facehugger from the movie Aliens.This game isn't very fun outside of goofy antics, the gameplay is pretty terrible and leaves a lot to be desired, the story is barebones and underwhelming, and the game looks awful (No joke I could probably re-make half of these in MS-Paint, and make them look better).  Character Animations...there are none, level design is awful and poorly crafted, and even if this game is worth the $10 pricetag it currently has, it's pointless to buy it since (as I said before), they're using the money from this game to produce a much better version which will not be free for those who have bought this version.Okay, so what would like to be different about this?Literally ♥♥♥♥ing everything.A co-op survival horror needs co-op experiences to feel right.  Tacking on a half-finished and almost broken multiplayer only enhances how poorly the game is made.  Maybe allow teammates to save each other, or have some sort of better item-trading method at least.  Instead of bragging about all the ""SURVIVAL HORROR DANKNESS"" this game has, actually CREATE some of it.  How? Make the game flow better.  I don't like feeling like my character is a statue that recently got posessed and is finally able to move after thousands of years.  Maybe make some actual animations for the game- make the story....better in some way.  Just something.  Because right now this is a pretty pathetic attempt at a Survival Horror game, and while I'm pretty starved for those sorts of games, this isn't a good entry.Okay, on a lighter note though, what did this game do right?Well, it wasn't Resident Evil 5 or 6.  And, for what it's worth, it really got my hopes up.Also, like I said, when we called out Alexia's facehugger hairstyle we actually had a good laugh....so there's that."
76561197970647416,Not Recommended,514990,32430543,Posted: 15 June,all,Jack Bauer Sr.,"An obvious attempt at recreating the original Resident Evil game from a top down angle, complete with terrible controls, lack of mobility, paucity of inventory space, terrible pacing, and frustrating camera angles. Bravo! One star."
,Recommended,514990,33285213,Posted: 5 July,all,Mr RSpeedy,"Its cool, I prefer the 3D version more tho (The New Nightmare)http://store.steampowered.com/app/644480/Outbreak_The_New_Nightmare/"
76561197971490911,Recommended,514990,29943900,Posted: 15 February,all,Focos,"Edit: After playing longer, modifying the control schemes to make it more comfortable for me, I was extremely satisfied with the results I got with Outbreak.The game is simply fantastic and the dev is very attentive and always open to hear the community. Always active, he responded to all my messages, questions, suggestions and even posted on my SSs.GRAPHICSThe graphics, in my opinion, are great for an indie game, developed by one person only. The environment has a fantastic immersion and brings back the ancient and excellent climate of survival horror, which is increasingly scarce these days.GAMEPLAYThe game works best with the Xbox controller, but with some adjustments to the keyboard layouts (which are allowed through the game settings), you can have an incredibly satisfying result.What I liked most about the gameplay and what causes that sinister anxiety is that you never know what to expect, so each step must be careful. Besides, you can be trapped at any moment and there it is.The weapons, the inventory, the ability to leave items and weapons anywhere and many other things (by the way the weapons art are amazing, very good indeed!), make me feel back to the good old days of survival horror games that were really good.A partner (AI) was added to the game (one of the things I suggested to dev), which, for me, made the game even more fun and immersive and of course a little less suffered, since the online mode doesn't have a lot of people yet, but let's hope that changes soon!MULTIPLAYERThe online mode still doesn't have many people to play, but it is identical to Resident Evil: Outbreak, and for it to get better it is obvious that the community needs to grow, which I really hope will happen soon, since this is an awesome game!I think it would be much better to be allowed to create the game, start  it and anyone could join it at any time.REPLAYThe replay value, for sure is one of the most remarkable features in this game, it's like the old Resident Evil, however much you play, you'll always want to come back and challenge yourself once more.CONCLUSIONOutbreak is everything I hoped it would someday come to Steam and I still really want it to be a huge highlight!Without further ado, I highly recommend Outbreak if you, just like me, was hoping someone would set out to bring the good old survival horror back to life!For me it's 10/10Very Good!"
,Recommended,514990,30818857,Posted: 29 March,all,Snake Foresk1n,"I'm a long time fan of the original Resident Evil Outbreak series, and I have to say that I have been waiting a very long time for an original game to follow its footsteps. In other words, I'm your ideal target demographic.I really want to love this game, but there are some issues that hold it back. I'll start with the big problems.1. The Perspective.In Resident Evil, the cinematic camera angles limited your view and added a lot of tension to the gameplay. In Outbreak, the top down viewpoint allows you to see every threat coming at you from every angle, and the tension suffers as a result. Also, I feel less attached to my character and the characters of my teammates because I can only see the tops of thier heads. Characters make survival games interesting, they should be customizable, have back stories, voice lines, and be viewable in game. Otherwise the player is less driven to see them succeed. Also, when you were damaged in RE, you could see your character limp, which is great visual feedback for the player and is not possible with this perspective.2. Level Design.The levels are built around exploration and key collection. Thats not bad, but it really feels like it's missing puzzles and set pieces. Scenarios in RE had scripted events and felt like more than just walking around, shooting all the enemies, and collecting all the items. I'd suggest adding map creation tools to the game to allow players to craft thier own adventures, and include the ability to make thier own puzzles and solutions.3. Sound Design.Sounds could use some work. Voice acting, and more unique sound effects for certain enemies could add so much to the game. The music in this game is great, however.4. Monster Design.Pink pigs? Come on. Also, enemies should be placed logically, with spiders in sewers, creatures in labs, and zombies everywhere. Right now those three enemy types come seemingly at random. The game needs boss type characters, and perhaps even a tyrant type character which is slow yet unkillable. Right now players just kill everything on ""normal"" mode, they should be required to run sometimes.5. Graphics.They get the job done. Sprites can be good if done correctly.6. Interaction.Players should be able to push objects, carry wounded team members, open and close doors.That's all that I can think of right now. Right now, it's hard for me to convince my friends to invest the small amount of money to play the game. The gameplay suffers too harshly from the controls, which I feel like is a problem that can be fixed by using a different perspective. I'd suggest either third person or fixed camera angles.I hope the game eventually succeeds, good luck to the development team!"
,Recommended,514990,29330563,Posted: 17 January,all,King Ramses,"If you like tank controls and the vibes from older survival-horror games(RE mainly), you're probably gonna like this game.If you don't know what either of those are or feel like, you're probably not gonna like this game.15 bux(10.50 when writing this) isn't a bad price to see if you do like it though(+coop with friends if you actually do end enjoying it)."
76561197972029073,Recommended,514990,30835329,Posted: 30 March,all,PLISKEN,"Outbreak is a decent attempt at recreating the gameplay and feel of a classic resident evil style game. The multiplayer works great and the game is plenty challenging at times.It is not without its faults however - the top down perspective is intuitive but removes a lot of potential tension from the game (could be fixed with some kind of line of sight mechanic - if the dev is reading this, see darkwood for some ideas), and while I am not a stickler for graphics the sprites in this game feel very much like placeholders and need some serious work - there is nothing wrong with 2D and in fact it can often be more versatile and impactful for small games like this, but the 2d in this game is shoddy at best, which ends up making the game far less interesting visually than it could be.Overall, I recommend getting this if its on special."
,Recommended,514990,32554709,Posted: 18 June,all,Rokkie,"I really like this game, I think the idea of it and gameplay was pretty fun.I'm a fan of zombie games and I like how you got both a campaign and a survival mode.I recommend people to try this game out, however there are some things I'd like to mention.First off, Multiplayer.It feels like this game was meant for Multiplayer, however it is mostly dead. But the Developer has created a Discord server to help that. But it's also the fact that playing by yourself doesn't feel that fun. And the AI wasn't that great either, as an idea, maybe see if you could make it so we can give the AI different weapons?But yeah, if you are going into this game, I think you'd have more fun if you get a couple of mates to join in the action.Also you may want someone to talk to, because most of the time the game is pretty quiet, I'd suggest making a background soundtrack? Not sure, but it's your game Developer. :)I've had experiences with playing with an AI, then with someone who knew the game and a friend of mine who is in the same boat as me. If you are going to play by yourself or with a other new player, the game might go for hours trying to figure out where you are going. xDBut when you are with someone who knows the map, it can be done in a few minutes. So unless you know the map or what to do, you might be there for a while, but it can still be fun!The controls were a bit interesting, had to use a controller to play, however I found out the other control sets you have and now the game is playable with a keyboard and mouse. Still I wish we could set hotkeys.Other than that, I think this game is really amazing, and I'd love to join anyone who gets into this so I can play the crap out of it. And I'm so pumped to try out the next game!"
,Recommended,514990,32529587,Posted: 18 June,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,*_* Resident Evil: Outbreak: Cute Little Chibi Edition! *_*
,Recommended,514990,29517345,Posted: 27 January,all,Gdante14CO,"I know its like resident evil, I dont really like games like that because I have a.d.d. I gave it a try seeing the dev stream it, and from what I saw and heard its good. I only played the tutorial, from that I am telling you get it. I had fun playing it, people have said the controls are a problem they are not a big problem. The dev said its better with an xbox one or 360 controller, I played it with keyboard, mouse and its not what people have said. Think of resident evil and you will know how the movement is, so the people that said the controls are a problem. Wanted the movement to be like fps, if you have played resident evil get outbreak. The sound is good, graphics are good, and it has online multiplayer which resident evil does not.P.S There is one or more posts saying the movement is slow, (you can run) you can run but cant fire. So you dont have to walk all the time, oubreak is challenging I had fun playing.Last thing the enemies and items are semi random generated that is what got me also to get it."
,Recommended,514990,29907969,Posted: 13 February,all,TacticalTracer,"I finally bought this game to support my friend who is the dev of this game.  This game is quite fun with friends and is a little challenging.  The game really reminds me of the old RE games and has a limited item inventory system.  I have been playing RE7 quite a bit lately to prepare for this game.  The great thing I'm happy about is that my Razer Sabertooth Elite 360 controller works on here.  All in all, I give it a 9.5 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,514990,34348336,Posted: 19 August,all,-S.W.A.T-,bad control and  extremely boring game dont waste your time to play the game
76561198118614815,Not Recommended,514990,29452865,Posted: 23 January,all,Shatterstars88 (Bumblebee),"Game has most of the elements of resident evil outbreak which makes it great but the current bugs, glitches and other issues make it unenjoyable at this state. Controls were also quite difficult to deal with. If the game gets updates and patches to fix all the problems ill probably come back and give it a good review. But as of now its a no for me."
76561198049973279,Not Recommended,514990,34297889,Posted: 16 August,all,G O B L I N,"This game is not good. Bad controls, slow and painful tutorial. Not worth the $2"
,Not Recommended,514990,31498464,Posted: 1 May,all,Mr.Joysticks,"Played a very short amount of time.  Your game is terrible.  Here's hoping you do a better job with, ""The New Nightmare."" Although I doubt it considering you couldn't make a flash game with the same concept any fun.  Also, stop comparing this to ""RE:Outbreak"".  It literally comes no where near.  Try again. 2/10"
,Not Recommended,514990,29942228,Posted: 15 February,all,PUGS ツ,1. Impossible to survive via co-op.2. Bugged character selection screen.I heavily suggest scaling the difficulty based on how many players joined the room. It is impossible to beat the game with only 2 players.Not worth the price if youre seeking coop enjoyment.
76561197976090763,Recommended,514990,32185747,Posted: 4 June,all,Kakashi (Brazz),This game ROCK  the multi-player is dead but its realy easy to get some player with there Discord and theres a great comunity so get it for your friends and you or friends some player and your good to go and theres AI survivor with your so its all goodIts like  REsident evil Outbreak .... AND I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE IT 1!!!!they are working on the same kind of game but in FPS (3D)chek it out !!http://store.steampowered.com/app/644480/Outbreak_The_New_Nightmare/
,Not Recommended,514990,32094869,Posted: 31 May,all,CrazyMRANZ,Why is multiplayer always ♥♥♥♥ing dead
,Not Recommended,514990,29700326,Posted: 4 February,all,PL4YR,"Not worth £10.99 Controls are unusable, its a attempt at resident evil one, control schema isnt pleasant.This is a 3.99 product not 10.99 Requested refund.This was decided after playing with three other players."
,Not Recommended,514990,29333977,Posted: 18 January,all,"Dr. N, Geener","after spending a bit of time, not much, i can clearly see what the developer was going for with this game, and ill write a quick review acordingly. with a breif overview, Outbreak is a Coop survival horror game with a top-down perspecitive, simple enough. having played the tutorial and about half of the second map, wish i could use a mixed recommendation instead of the binary yes/no steam has.Instead of running this review like everyone else breaking off and rating parts of the game, im just going to write out notable features and issues in a huge wall of text with few breaks, lets begin. First off, the game plays like a slowed down version of RE, running tank controls, something i had thought was phased out with the PS1 horror game. this would be an issue normally, but you can not play this running these controls with the keyboard layout, WS being forward/backwards and AD being left right respectively, the issues come with the other keyboard controls. X is aiming, C being your sprint/shoot key, Z inventory. this issue can be resolved just by remapping controls or by using a gamepad of choice, with the gamepad playing as you'd expect an classic RE game to. As far as gamefeel, things like sprinting, quick turning and reloading with out using your inventory feels too slugish, as weel as firing the handgun, not huge issues, but when the zombies are only slightly slower than your own sprint speed and the maps dont have the space to allow you to out maneuver them they become issues, from the second map i played, it ended up being several long coridors with a number of locked doors and dead ends, not ideal for running. the game also does what RE does, in that it gives you 1 key and tell you to look at every door till you find the one its for, not an issue, till you realize that the key isnt automaticly used. the game also doesnt pause when you use your inventory, not an issue again, till you note that zombies spawn though out the time you place.I could go on and on, but some of the problems with the game are due for its multiplayer focus, and I played it alone, so they aren't really big issues when it comes down to it, solong as you are playing with people who are trying.to summerize what the game is, was going for, and what might be, it draws very clear lines to Resident Evil, more specifically, Resident Evil Outbreak. the inspiration may or may not have been Outbreak specifically, but it compares the most in that it was also a Coop survival horror game, revolves around a set cast of survivors of different abilities, and was most notible for having online multiplayer, something almost unheard of for a PS2 game. having not played much of RE Outbreak either, I'll have to leave this comparison here. but like RE Outbreak, it requires Coop to be enjoyable, but I feel people will lose interest in the game rather quickly, so you might not even get to play Coop if this happens.if you have friends who have this game, play it with them, then see how it plays, Personally, I believe that a game is worth getting if it can be enjoyed both on and offline, and I didnt enjoy the game alone."
